===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Welcome Traders

The purpose of this thread is to continue to develop trading rules based on 123 patterns.

In November 2010 I published an indicator called 123PatternsV6. That indicator was the result of much discussion and development work in a thread called [Multiple Trading systems gbpusd only]. Zamanib started that thread and I recognise his valuable work on that project.

The version of 123PatternsV6 that I use is unchanged for more than a year now and can be downloaded from that previous thread.

Download 123PatternsV6

123Alarms addon see post #27
123Alarms update with email alerts post #1286 (7 Dec 2011)

Why a new thread ?

I am starting this new thread to start with a new focus and avoid confusion with that previous multiple systems thread.

Guidelines to keep this thread on-track

This thread's focus is using 123PatternsV6 for trading decisions. 123PatternsV6 custom indicator only No other custom indicators or systems discussed here Any MT4 built-in indicators and chart objects are OK  Any currency pair is OK Any time frame is OK Thread Housekeeping Normal charts only. Go to the previous thread (listed above) for a discussion of rangebar and other charts. Keep posted charts clean and easy to read. Use MT4 File.Save As Picture to create gifs. Use the attachment button in FF post editor to upload gifs and then insert into your post. This way we will not get those huge chart images wrapping the thread off the screen. When quoting someone else delete most of their post. There is no point quoting an entire 50 line post with a one or two line response. Learn how to use the editor properly, quote only the relevant words and cut the rest. Goals

As you know a complete trading system involves much more than somebody's favorite indicator. Risk management, position sizing, timing, trading journals to evaluate progress, entry rules, exit rules and so on.

My goal for this thread is to work together on understanding 123 patterns, when are they useful, and when they are not.

In my posts I will filter out my own 'great ideas' or 'rules' that do not actually support consistent profit making. For example if adding a moving average looks cool/interesting but in reality makes it harder to make profitable trading decisions then it must be removed.

If you have an interest in 123 patterns and would like to work towards these goals then welcome trader, let's do some work.

Robdee

PS Indicator support. Please use the private message system for support questions. Do not post support questions in this thread. Thanks.

PPS Removing rubbish posts. As moderator of this thread I will remove posts that I consider to be irrelevant or just basically rubbish. I know in my naive enthusiasm I've posted rubbish in some threads in the past. I know how it happens. This is a not a personal attack, it is just keeping the place tidy as a learning environment.

NEWS FLASH

123PatternsV7 beta testing now in progress post #235 (14 Dec 2011)

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Hi robdee

Thank you for the indicator.

I wish you success & happiness!

Best regards from Switzerland!

FXcube

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Welcome back -- long time - OK let give it a try on normal candle this time range bars was not that great  trading this system.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Hi rob, I havent seen you around for a while where have you been.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
123PatternsV6 uses ZigZag which comes with MT4.

To understand this use a plain chart, add ZigZag only, then go to any candle and look back in time. What are the last three points made by ZigZag? Label those points 1 2 3. When price continues from point 3 to go past point 2 then we have a break. Some people call this 1-2-3-break.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ideally the move from point 1 to point 2 should be more pips than the move from point 2 back to point 3. In other words point 3 is somewhere in the middle between point 1 and 2. I say 'ideal' because that alignment strongly suggests that 1 to 2 is an impulse move (with the trend) and 2 to 3 is a retrace move (against the trend). This provides evidence of trend direction.

In summary ZigZag filters the noise and allows us to focus consistently on just the most important high/low points. With ZigZag only we can easily observe: previous three price points before any particular candle in time three price points forming a 1 2 3 pattern price retracing from 2 to 3 price trend continuing and breaking past 2 We also have two categories of 123 patterns. First, those patterns where 3 is ideally located in between 1 and 2. Second, those patterns where 3 is located beyond 1. Some would say this second category breaks the pattern and is therefore not a valid 123 anymore.

I prefer to call these two categories ideal patterns and distorted patterns.

Robdee

PS Something to think about - How does the 123-break pattern relate to the popular higher-high higher-low concept, is it the same thing ?

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Robdee You are the man,thanks for the GREAT 123 indicator best i,ve come accross fit very well into my simple trading system.

KISS keep up the thread i will follow with intrest.

Regards

--- 帖子 #7 ---
First I want to welcome and thank Forexcube zamanib ukcool HankT and gprfc. Your interest and support is appreciated. I like to look at FF user profiles and try to imagine what it is like to be living (and trading) in those places all over the world where you are living now.

Here in New Zealand it is spring. Gardens, lambs and calves are all growing fast right now. Gusty winds cover the country as we change seasons. I went for my 'first swim of the season' in the harbour recently. It was still pretty cold but refreshing and I am looking foward to long summer days.

It would be nice to read descriptions of other places where traders live.

Now about this indicator...

In my first few posts to this thread I am going to start simple and build up layer by layer. This will allow readers to see the foundation ideas that went into this indicator. In the last post I showed that something as simple as just dropping ZigZag on the chart will give you a lot of information.

I think it is important to actually do that. Manually insert text labels 1 2 3 break on to a chart that has ZigZag only. You will get a better feel for what the indi is trying to do. Notice those places where patterns overlap or it is hard to tell the difference between bullish and bearish patterns.

Basic Setup

For a basic setup we keep ZigZag on the chart and overlay 123PatternsV6 on top. We change the indicator settings turning off ShowAllLines ShowAllBreaks and ShowTargets. ZigZag had a default depth of 12 so we set our indicator to the same ZigZagDepth=12.

Now we can see (on top of ZigZag) the blue dots, red dots, and break arrows as below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Hey robdee

i can not wait to read more from you...

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Good moring (at least for me it is

I see greatpotential in your indicator. Have you ever thought of giving it a sound alert when it draws an arrow ??

I will be following, very interesting

Green pips

Udine

Edit: found  the 123alarm

great work

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Hi Rob

Great indicator I'm looking forward to the thread !!

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Hi Rob

I like 123 patterns, looking forward to your continued insights with this cool indi.

--- 帖子 #12 ---
hi robdee

thanks ... very interesting thread

I like the zigzag

1-2-3 indicator did not know ... is very good but I study it because it is not as determined by the trend

tp? sl? ... perhaps a tsl?

--- 帖子 #13 ---
I demo'd the 1 2 3 a year or so ago and had so-so results, not enough for me to continue.  The problem I found was that #3 often didn't break the #2 position or broke it just a little so that i got into a trade but then reversed.  I will watch your alls progress with the indicators listed to see how this "New and Improved" version goes.  Thanks for posting, p.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Welcome piprac. I agree with you, in some situations 123 patterns are not useful. However, I also know that there are other situations where 123 patterns are useful.

That is the goal of this thread as in post #1

"My goal for this thread is to work together on understanding 123 patterns, when are they useful, and when they are not."

In other words what are the strengths and weaknesses of 123 analysis what are the limitations what market conditions are best what times are best what other study do we combine with it and so on...
Just to clarify this, the indicator is not new and improved. It is the same indicator we were using a year ago.

What can become new and improved is our understanding and trading practice. To do that requires the efforts of trial, error, and tracking our progress.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #15 ---
hi ... You have used a multizigzag h4? looks great

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Hello

The MTF zigzag indicator looks good,where can i find this,i would like to use this along with the 123 indicator.

Robdee made my first pips using the 123 setup taking it slowly as this is the first time i have used this strategy.

Regards

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Welcome AlexM80 Udine Eamonn simmo24 and porfiro, good to have your feedback. Looks like I better carry on with more posts

In the last post I described the basic setup using ZigZag and my indicator. With the basic setup only ideal 123 patterns are shown with red dots for bearish and blue dots for bullish. Distorted patterns are ignored and not highlighted at all with a basic setup.

Now on to the next layer...

To the basic setup I now add sell zones. A red arrow points to the first candle to close below (2). This shows that the bears are strong enough to push the price down and close below that previous price level (2) where the bulls last showed their strength. At this point who is winning, the bulls or the bears ?

The price level where that red arrow is printed now becomes a guide for future selling interest. A sell zone then is an area of future selling interest.

I draw this with a pale green rectangle that covers the red arrow and stretches out into the future. The bears were winning at that price once before so they will remember that price. The bears will be interested in being strong at that price again to sell more lots or to defend their short positions.

The bulls will also remember that they were beaten at that level and will push up to retest the strength of the bears. If the bulls give up that fight too easily then price will drop away too fast and will not come back into that interesting sell zone. In that case I will not have a trade entry which is OK with me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For my trades I am only interested in selling when price comes into the sell zone. If I liked I could enter immediately after the break. I could grab some pips that way. However the reason I do not do this is I am usually not watching the chart when that happens (so I miss my chance) and I also like to see some bullish strength (pushing price back up into the sell zone) so I have the bulls enthusiastically filling my sell limit orders (as a result of their buying activity).

Does that make sense ?

Robdee

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Hi Robdee

Great to see you around again.

I will be following your thread with interest, hoping to learn and share where I can.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #19 ---
hi qprfc

sorry for the delay in my reply ... I was sleeping.

here you have it ...

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Interesting.

Subscribed and downloaded the indy to get familiar with it.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
hi JULES

indicators is a SIMPLE ZIGZAG

--- 帖子 #22 ---
I put the multizigzag if anyone wants to investigate a little operation

--- 帖子 #23 ---
the zigzag has great potential ... have to play with the

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Hi Friends ...

AS SUCH ... THE ZIGZAG has great potential

FILTER .... CCI 200

--- 帖子 #25 ---
I will be following this thread with interest. Thank you for the 123 indi!

--- 帖子 #26 ---
if it is a good indicator ...but... if anyone knows how to determine the trend .... I do not like to wear something that I do not understand

--- 帖子 #27 ---
A few people have been asking about audio alerts for 123PatternsV6.

There is an add-on called 123Alarms. It can be downloaded from the old thread.

Download 123Alarms

Please note that it does not require rangebars. Just 123PatternsV6 on normal charts will give 123Alarms everything it needs.

The chart must be in the active window (active MT4 profile) for processing to occur and the alarm to activate. If you switch away to a different MT4 profile then the alarm will be mute because that chart is not being processed any more.

You can make your own .WAV sound files to be used with the alarm.

Hope that all makes sense ?

Robdee

PS Please take a moment to vote use the Rating: dropdown (all the way at the top of the thread reader on the right hand side). This is a simple way for readers to participate - Thanks.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Hi Robdee

thanks for good thread

question: how we draw(or select) sell zone?

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Welcome davidtrader, thanks for your question.

A sell zone is not an exact price line. Rather it is a broad 'zone' or range of prices roughly 10 pips high. I like to think of it as colouring with a crayon. It is not a precise to the pip area, it is a 'zone'.

Use the MT4 menu Insert.Shapes.Rectangle. Start drawing just above and to the left of a red arrow, drag the rectangle down to cover all of the arrow and across to the right to form a long thin horizonal rectangle.

I set the rectangle properties as below

Attached Image

Here is an example of three sell zones at the end of October.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The most successful sell zones will occur after the bulls have had a successful run up to a new high. They still think they are winning even after the first bearish 123-break. That is when they (the overconfident bulls) are going to push back into the sell zone filling my sell limit orders.

Robdee

PS Support questions about my custom indicators and EAs should not be posted in this thread. Please contact me by FF private message or email.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Subscribed and interested to see where this thread goes.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Hey Guys,

Robdee has requested that no custom indicators or range bars be discussed in this thread.

Let's respect his wishes. This looks like an interesting system and I'd like to see more of it.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Thanks JulesvH cmac0351 spyderman and billbss for your comments. I see your experience and welcome your input.

Also welcome two junior members xalson and davidtrader. Your very first post was made in this thread. Looks like something here motivated you to join FF and make a post - great

At this early stage of the thread I am describing the basic ideas that went into the indicator when we were developing it a year ago. These concepts should appear in most any discussion of 123 patterns. Different authors will use different terms to describe what is essentially the same price behaviour and the same analysis. This can be confusing.

What I have been trying to do is use clear and consistent terms that then provide a foundation for our further discussion. If you use the same terms that I do then confusion (in this thread) will be avoided.

Summary of Terms

Terms used in the first four main posts are underlined below.

Using Zigzag only post #5 123 patterns are an important feature of price action Looking back in time you will always see three previous price points Zigzag draws our attention to the most important price points Charts with Zigzag alone provide a lot of information Two categories of patterns, ideal and distorted Basic Setup post #7 basic setup highlights ideal patterns only, not distorted patterns add 123PatternsV6 on top of Zigzag with matching depths turn off ShowAllLines ShowAllBreaks and ShowTargets red dots and arrows for bearish patterns blue dots and arrows for bullish patterns  When are 123 patterns useful? post #14 123 patterns are not always useful 123 patterns are useful in some situations an important goal of this thread is to understand what makes the difference between successful and failed 123-break patterns Basic Setup Sell Zones post #17 Following a bearish 123-break pattern a decision is required about a time and a price for selling An aggressive decision sells immediately after a break (no wait) A conservative decision waits for price to retrace up into a sell zone Consistent sell zone pricing is provided by the red arrow Sell zones are interesting because they are remembered by both bears and bulls as old battle lines Sell zones are useful because they offer buying volume to fill limit orders Sell zones are not an exact price line, they are a small range of prices roughly 10 pips high OK, that is all I can think of this morning. Have I missed anything?

Now is a good time for feedback and questions on these terms and concepts before we carry on.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Robdee,

I noticed that the sell zones are seem to be higher (on a short) then the price you would have entered on an aggressive break entry.  Is that correct.

And in post #30 the 2nd sell zone is even above point #3.  Will we be discussing the mechanics of the sell zone placement later?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Spyderman, great questions. You have found a weak area that I was unwittingy being rather too vague about. Thanks.

Yes that is correct. Aggressive entry prices are below 2. The red arrow points to the very first candle to close below price point 2. I see an aggressive entry as the open price of the following candle. Break candle closes, arrow has printed, market order now - no hesitation.

Conservative entries wait for price to break and then move higher into the range above 2 (and normally below 3). This is what the sell zone represents. An area of future selling interest as opposed to immediate selling interest. As the charts show, there are many situations where price action does not return into the sell zone and the conservative entry is not achieved. This can usually be explained by strong bearish pressure overwhelming the bulls.

I'm going to discuss this right now because it is an area of weakness and certainly needs improving. Determining a good price level for the sell zone has been problematic. Last year I tried all sorts of ideas for the placement of the arrows (which act as a guide for the sell zones).

123PatternsV6 prints arrows using the following calculation.SellArrow[shift] = High[shift]+(High[shift]-Low[shift])/3;

In other words look at the breaking candle. Calculate the range (size) of that candle (range=high-low). Divide that range by 3. Add that value to the high and print the arrow at that price.

In effect the arrows are printed above the breaking candle at a variable distance from the candle (1/3 of the candle height).

If the candle size is large then arrow will be further above. If the candle size is small the arrow will be lower. In other words if there is a lot of momentum we expect a stronger pullback. Assuming that the bulls don't give up the fight.
Blue arrows are the mirror image of this. They are printed below the  breaking candle at a variable distance (1/3 of the candle height).

Why am I so interested in sell zones? The reason is I can see a time when I'm going to be searching for liquidity. If I can find a place where the bulls are overconfident and buying into my sell orders for significant periods of time then liquidity will not become a limiting factor.

OK, any more questions?

Robdee

Note: I have been out on my own with this sell zone thing because most participants in the old thread (last year) were using aggressive entries.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Hi Robdee

Is these entries in pic ok?

Where is stop loss in both entries?

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Davidtrader, good to see your chart posting. What I notice right away is your chart is one hour (H1) timeframe. That means the distance between 123 price points is huge, like 100+ pips. Which means in theory that appropriate stops are going to be pretty large too, so as to fit the pattern size of H1.

As a learning exercise I suggest using 5 min timeframe. You'll get a lot more practice because patterns come along more frequently. Plus you will not need more than 20 pip stops operating at that level.

See below my labels on the EURUSD H1 pattern that you posted.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stop Losses - What I do

Stop losses are best left to personal preference. Your stop management needs to match your own trading personality. However, I will explain what I do.

My approach to stops is to take me out fast if I am wrong. So I simply use a 20 pip stop in all situations. If I haven't selected the right entry price (within a 20 pip margin of error) then I want to be taken out quickly. This clears my mind of the bad trade and allows me to re-evaluate without the emotional pressure of being stuck in a losing position.

Often I will chase an entry down getting taken out at 20 pip intervals until I find a better entry that holds. Although this cuts into profits pretty deeply it is the way I like to operate. That is, keep pruning out bad trades until I find a place where I can "buy and hold" for 100 pips.

Now there are a couple of other things I do with stops. As soon as price moves to +20 above my entry price I move the stop from -20 to breakeven. This means that if price bounces back against me I lose nothing.

When price moves to +50 above my entry price I start trailing pip for pip. This means my stop keeps moving up (trailing) 50 pips below the most recent high. This means if my TP target is not reached I'll still bank some pips.

Hope that helps. Would be good if experienced traders share their own stop loss rules in this thread.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #37 ---
perhaps someone will be able to add audio and text signals the appearance of the arrows?

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Thanks for starting this no-frills thread. Amazing little indicator that cuts through the "fog" of trading.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Welcome Neksus, great minds think alike

Link to 123Alarms (add on for 123PatternsV6)

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Hi Robdee and every body

123 alarm indicated for zigzag depth=1 set uo not for zigzag depth=12

how i can change 123 alarm indicator set up for zigzag depth=12?

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Welcome Joeyd, I like your description 'no frills' and 'cuts through the fog'. I see Zigzag as the basis of this 'fog' cutting. I just want to focus on what is important, not get distracted by all the little price gyrations.

This post is a followup to my suggestion to start on 5m charts.

On a 5 min chart we are operating on a smaller scale. The average distance between the three price points is less. Friday 18 was a textbook perfect example of where 123 patterns show how useful they can be.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

How do we describe and recognise these ideal conditions - as they are happening ?

That is the challenge, that is the goal of this thread.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #42 ---
i like the 123s a lot however i often have trouble finding where to get in. so i tried different indicators to try and see how much power there is behind a move. sometimes i get it right and sometimes i dont. so this thread will be intresting to watch

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Good question.

123Alarms uses the default setting from 123PatternsV6.mq4

The only way to change that default setting is to edit the code and recompile the indicator. MT4 menu Tools.Metaquotes Language Editor F4 Open the file called 123PatternsV6.mq4 Look for this line
extern int    ZigZagDepth     = 1; Change it to the new value

extern int    ZigZagDepth     = 12; Recompile  I forgot about this because in the old thread we were using rangebars and ZigZagDepth=1 was best setting for constant rangebar charts.

Robdee

To download 123Alarms see post #27

--- 帖子 #44 ---
This post shows the same basic setup with one more layer added.

I call this layer Fibo Targets.

Fibonacci retrace tool is used to draw one fibo with five levels configured at 0.0, 0.5, 1.0, 2.1, and 3.8. The fibo is always drawn starting at price point 2. The fibo is then stretched out to price point 3. If that looks too small then I drag the fibo further out to price point 1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is the only variation I use with the basic setup. Start drawing at 2, drag to 3, if that is too small, drag to 1 (instead of 3). So the fibo's dotted line will always show on the chart as linking either 2-3 or 2-1.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Hi Rob

I Assume these signify a buy or sell, but I was wondering why they don't always appear even though there may be a buy or sell Arrow ?

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Hello Robdee

I have your indicator setup on a chart for the last few days,and have notices when the 123 setup arrow prints on the chart it also shows the round coloured dots to show the candles that form the 123.

However sometimes the arrow shows when the candle closes without the round coloured dots and i then refresh the indicator and the arrow dissapears would this not be a confirmed 123 or does the indicator repaint ?

Regards

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Hi simmo24, the dots identify price points that make up the 123 pattern, arrows signify the 'break' part of the pattern. A decision to buy or sell depends on all the factors including things like timing and previous price action.

In the next version of 123Patterns I will not be using arrows to highlight the break candles. I will use some other method that does not seem to say 'buy here' and 'sell here' like arrows do. Arrows tend to make people think, "OK time to trade" which is not right.

In the chart that you posted you have not switched off ShowAllLines and ShowAllBreaks therefore you are seeing arrows that are not associated with ideal 123 patterns. In other words you are seeing arrows that are associated with distorted 123 patterns. The basic setup I have been explaining requires ShowAllLines=false ShowAllBreaks=false ShowTargets=False ZigZagDepth=12.  Dots show only the 123 price points for ideal patterns  No dots will show on 123 price points for distorted patterns  Arrows point to the first candle closing beyond #2, the start of the break  Does that answer your question ? hope so.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #48 ---
This is the only variation I use with the basic setup.

Start drawing at 2, drag to 3, if that is too small, drag to 1 (instead of 3).

how about too small? this means in pips(how pips) or lengh of 2 wave or ...?

--- 帖子 #49 ---
If there are no coloured dots when the arrow appears this sounds to me like ShowAllBreaks=true which allows break arrows to show on distorted patterns. Distorted patterns are not well defined and it is possible that an arrow could be printed only to be erased again after more price action pushes the ZigZag price points further out. I have seen this occur.

It is also possible that you are using ShowAllBreaks=false and there is some kind of repaint problem with the indicator that I am not yet aware of. I switch MT4 chart profiles quite often which means my indicator displays are being refreshed often so I certainly could miss something like the repaint you describe.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #50 ---
hi every body

thanks for nice answers

which fibonachi is correct? pic1 or pic 2

please show me the entry point and sl

best regard

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Perfectly thanks. Just re-read the post about distorted patterns. I was happy enough with the concept of price zones. Now you've reminded me about distorted patterns, all has become clear.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Thx Robdee for the detailed answer,regarding the dots,issue resolved.

The 2 times that i have refreshed the indicator and the arrow has gone was when there were no dots present.

However i love this indicator using it over the last days has got me 325 pips.

Regards

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Hi Qprfc

What timeframe are you using it on ?

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Glad to hear you're getting positive results

--- 帖子 #55 ---
They are both drawn correctly. It is a matter of choosing which one you prefer. I prefer 2-1 in that situation. What concerns me is that your chart shows prices breaking below #3, that is a bearish sign for sure.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stop Losses - what I do

Robdee

--- 帖子 #56 ---
hi and thanks for best answers

in above pic in up trend move where can we enter?if distance from buy zone and 50 fibonachi level are much after break point 2 price retrace
which inters are correct:
we can set buy limit order in buy zone or we set buy limit in 50 percent fibonachi level?

--- 帖子 #57 ---
My general rule is placing the buy limit orders inside the buy zone.

In the chart you posted there is a problem because some candles are closing below 3. That is bearish. So, in that specific situation I will not be trading an uptrend because those bearish closes mean the bullish 123 pattern is no longer valid.

Attachment

Another way to look at this is to oberve the poor quality of the break. Yes one candle closed above 2 but then the very next candle closed below 2. There is no follow-through on the break so it is not good quality. When I see this it makes me suspicious that it is a fake-out not a break-out.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
As a forex trader, what data can I ignore?

More specifically, when looking for trade setups, what data can be ignored? This is a question I asked in a poll last year. Many traders have many systems and various rules. However most of them can agree on a few categories of data that can safely be ignored.

Which ones do you think can be ignored?Time of day (eg London Open, London Close)

Volume and changes in Volume

Wicks on candles (upper and lower)

The range of candles (high - low)

Patterns (channels, triangles, waves etc)

Technical analysis 'news' posts on FF news page
Or to put this another way, what data should not be ignored?

Click here to vote in the poll and see the results.

And now from yesterday's NY session, one sell pattern was successful, followed by three buy patterns that fail, what makes the difference ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Any ideas?

Robdee

--- 帖子 #59 ---
greetings everyone,

may i ask you robdee, regarding this method, on what sessions do you normally trade this setup? do you stick on M5 alone and disregard higher TF's, and trends?

regards

frank

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Frank, kamusta ang buhay ?

I am looking for liquidity > average so that means trading 6:30 to 18:30 GMT (12 hours of good liquidity).

I use 123PatternsV6 on M5 to gain understanding of correct use. Later I may migrate to higher TFs when I understand 123 patterns very well.

For big picture analysis, trends, overbought/oversold areas I use 200MA, fibos, and CCI(14) on H4 chart.

For fundamental risk-on versus risk-off sentiment I use SP500 futures daily chart combined with NYSE TRIN index closing values.

O sige, aalis na ako

Robdee

--- 帖子 #61 ---
hey, what other technical aspects are there to this setup. do you use cci 200 like one poster said? or is it only the 123's and volume during trading times? can you please elaborate further on the pure technical "how to find and enter the trade" robdee ?

--- 帖子 #62 ---
problem with indicator 123patternsv6

arrow sometimes disappear!

why in line red that I draw there is not arrow long ??

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Sure will do. Remember the reason this thread exists is to develop the ideas further from what we were doing a year ago, hence the title "123PatternsV6 revisited".

Sell zones and buy zones are well described in this thread. That is how I find and enter a trade. It is also becoming clear to me that the 123-break is most reliable during times when there is greater than average liquidity.

No other technical inputs, no use of any oscillators or moving averages. That guy who was using CCI(200) was on H4 charts which doesn't suit what I'm trying to do. I don't understand how he proposed to trade that.

On M5 I'm only looking for small intraday swings so expect to TP at +50 and +100, not much more than that.

This thread is pretty wide open in terms of developing the art of 123 pattern analysis. If you know some technique that improves our ability to make profitable trading decisions (and it's not some other custom indicator or EA) then you're welcome to post it here.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Welcome wallstreet03,

I suggest you label the three previous price points 1 2 3 and then you may be able to see what is happening. I can see why the blue arrow did not print at that time you highlight.

If you have ShowAllBreaks=true then yes you will get arrows that print and then disappear. There are recent posts on this topic.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #65 ---
thank's robdee

now I see !

but if I set ShowAllBreaks=false I don't see the arrows in the charts !!

and thank you for all !

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Hi Robdee interesting thread, aspects of this are reminding me of Ross Hooks (joe ross traders trick entry), the retrace to your entry zone would be the correcting bars of the traders trick entry, but are you trying to stay totally clear of price bars in your technique?

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Nice post spacePip, I'm not sure what you mean about avoiding price bars, do you mean 'constant rangebar charts' which yes I am avoiding those. In a rangebar chart all the bars are the same height but their time durations are variable.

The chart you posted is an 'M5 bar chart' that simply uses bars (instead of candles) to represent the same OHLC values for each time period. In my mind there is no difference between that and an 'M5 candle chart'.

If you are able to explain a brief summary of the Ross Hooks approach (or post a link to an existing summary) that will be appreciated. Looks like it provides a very specific entry criteria which may be useful.

Robdee

Update: I found this posting from Joe Ross the inventor of the Ross Hook.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
spacepip: nice one, i got the very same trade! :-)

robdee: thank you for the fast answer. i understand the concept of the sellzone/buyzone, however i really did not think about that spot for entries before reading this thread. i usually do trade 123s though. i must add though that i have had a hard time in finding "good" 123s and sorting out the bad ones. that is why i brought up the concept of forceindicators thinking that they somehow would eleiviate this from my trading. i am looking forward to the sollution of this if there is one. lets work this out together eh!

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Emb, I agree with you and I'm glad you're participating in the main goal of this thread. Thanks for your comments.

The last several posts have been sidetracking, that's OK it is useful, but now I need to get back to the main topic of this thread which is...

The last post I made on the main topic was What data can I ignore ?

In that post I referred to a poll I have been running asking traders to select multiple categories of data which they think are safe to ignore as they evaluate trading setups.

What is the least important data available to us? More than 60% selected Technical analysis 'news' posts on FF news page. Yes, safe to ignore, I certainly agree with that. I don't even read those TA 'news articles' because they distract me and play with my mind.

By contrast the most important data (that cannot safely be ignored) according to traders are these two:
The range of candles (high - low) Patterns (channels, triangles, waves etc) Only 15% voted to ignore these two. In other words 85% are saying these two categories of data must be included in the analysis.

OK, patterns I can understand, we use all kinds of patterns. This thread is all about one of the simplest and most common patterns out there. I agree, patterns must not be ignored.

Now what about the range or size of candles. The number of pips from the top of the candle to the bottom. From the highest bid to the lowest bid during that time period. Is a 30 pip candle telling us something different from a 10 pip candle ? No I don't think so.

It is all just OHLC isn't it? Seems to me the Close is the important thing. So why are 85% saying we can't ignore range? Maybe the way I worded the question has biased the answers, I don't know.

The second part of that post What data can I ignore ? showed a chart with one successful pattern and three failed patterns. What makes the difference, any ideas?

I have some ideas but I'm waiting for responses to my question.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #70 ---
First buy fails because it hits resistance (old support from point 2 in successful sell 123-break).

Second buy  - does it really fail?  It appears to be successful for several bars and the amount it moves is small because of low volume.

Third buy fails because of low volume and resistance (same resistance that caused first buy to fail).

--- 帖子 #71 ---
im interested to join, this is one setup i use to open up a trade.

this is so widely used and discussed here in FF, and also called in different name according to the starter of the thread. others may find me wrong on how i use this method but this is how i understand this and operate so please just correct me if im wrong. in hope to help new traders like me and by the essence of sharing and caring ill share to you my friends how i use this method along with the other edge that ive learned from generous senior traders out there. thanks and more power to them.

i believe this setup is powerful if done properly, specially if we use this in conjunction with the general trend, S/R areas, divergence, volume or smart money flow, and right session. though these setups always happen the whole trading day i leave the preference to you.

so this is how i do it: i check and plot the S/R on the higher TF H1-H4, then i watch the Price Action on those plotted areas of S/R on M15 down to M5. i prefer to hunt this 123,abc etc. setup on M5 because for me that timeframe is my comfort zone R:R wise.

then if i was lucky to find an entry (mostly aggressive), MM applies. (i leave this to you or you can share us your MM style its up to the owner of this thread if he allows it to be discussed).

the broken 123, 2b or the 2nd type of 123 pattern robdee is telling us, i was adviced to hunt that at the end of the run, so when i saw that pattern after the divergence, that signals that the end of the run is near and tells me to close the trade. and steal for at least another 10-15 pips.

attachment below speaks a thousand words, i hope i was able to relay to you guys what i mean.

again this is not mine, ive just learned this from those senior traders out there who are so generous to assist new traders like us. more power and thanks to them.

hope this helps

regards

frank

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Sorry i rushed the post didn't make it clear, I didn't mean rangebars, I was simply referring to normal chart candles/ bars and whether you are keen to use them with this method, or are you just sticking to the plain chart with only the zigzag indicator?

If you are open to using candles or bars then the Ross Hooks could be of interest as a way of entry when price retraces back into your buy/ sell zones.  Basically a ross hook is described as "the first correction following a breakout of a 123 high/ low" so this is similar to what you are looking for.  Entry is triggered with a break of one of the correcting (retracing) bars.

There is lots of free info on the internet about this if you google joe ross and im sure a thread on here somewhere, but the following pdf explains it well

--- 帖子 #73 ---
[

The second part of that post What data can I ignore ? showed a chart with one successful pattern and three failed patterns. What makes the difference, any ideas?

I have some ideas but I'm waiting for responses to my question.

Robdee[/quote]

The buy and sell zones are reminiscent of Supply /Demand zones and if looked at in this light the buy trades fail because they are still in what could be considered a supply zone that extends from the the first trade.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Thanks spacePip for bringing this to our attention. Your explanation and the PDF you provided both make good sense to me in the context of what we are trying to achieve. The PDF provides sufficient information without overwhelming detail.  I don't think we need to get into any deeper details of Joe Ross's work here. As you say there is plenty more Joe Ross information available on the 'net for those who are interested.

This style of analysis, comparing bar-by-bar is what I call price action. Any chart style, tool, or indicator built into Metatrader is OK in this thread. What I am against is getting wildly off topic discussing various custom indicators and EAs.

Observing the price action within a buy/sell zone using Ross Hooks and TTE gives traders a defined price and time for action. That final prompt, "see price has dropped below the last retracing bar, you are good to sell," may be that small extra edge of confidence needed to take appropriate action.

Not being a chart-watcher I will find it difficult to catch exactly the right TTE moment on a live chart. However I will illustrate past RH/TTE price action in some of my future chart postings.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Picture perfect structure on London's bearish session yesterday.

Everything I'm looking for including no candles closing above the 50% fibo after the break.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Global markets generally looking oversold now so I'm expecting a bounce today, I'll see what 123 analysis is saying at the London Open. Asia is already up 60 pips from the low.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
eur/usd looking like a 123 long atm, if you ask me. whats your guys take on the high impact news in a proximately 50 minutes?

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hi emb, yes I agree at the time you wrote that it was a bullish picture.

Bearish interest was seen in candles below the buy zone. Later, three separate attempts closing below 50% showed persistent bearish interest.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a result the bears successfully defended 1.34

Now we'll see what the bulls do at 1.33

Robdee

--- 帖子 #78 ---
yes i did see that 123 long in the london session and i did take that long. from your "buy zone" i also noted the second 123 short however i did not want to go with that because i am of the understanding that agressive breakouts of 123's do not provide enough wins for me.. or maybe the do but i lack the statistics for them.

what is your take on this? going for the "buy/sell zone" entry vs the agressive entry at point 2.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
I placed a pending on that London setup but this one failed. I did notice that the 50 fib was quite a few pips below the buy zone so no real confluence.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Hello Traders!!!

Thank you Robdee for the indicator. It's good visual help for those that are not familiar with 123 pattern.

Atached you will find today's EURUSD M5 chart, where I had highligted  #3 at what you call distorted pattern. Do you know why there is no arrow signal?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #81 ---
My preference is always conservative entry inside the zone. Aggressive does work sometimes even with a tight SL, scalpers probably do well with it grabbing some quick pips on the break of 2.

The sequence that interests me is 1 2 3 break, retrace candles, then TTE. If the TTE occurs in the zone and above 50% fibo that's perfect.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Yes my failed trade was similar setup although earlier. I was feeling too much pressure to get into a trade. If the bulls were in control I don't think we would see all that price action below 50 fib.

The other point I garnered from Joe Ross is successful 123 patterns follow a strong directional move, they do not follow after sideways consolidation.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Welcome PartyPips, good question. Just before I answer that take another look at your 123 numbering. 2 is always in the direction you expect the price to move. So for a bearish pattern 2 is the always the lowest number. For a bullish pattern 2 is always the highest number.

OK, yes there was a candle that closed below the bearish point 2 (that you label 1). The problem was the red line coming from that point did not stay intact. This is a side effect of using ZigZag to find the price points. I accepted this limitation during last year's development but it did cause concern for those trying to catch absolutely every possible break.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is an example of a distorted bearish pattern where the red line coming from point 2 did remain intact. It remained intact long enough for a candle to clearly close below it. That is what 123Patterns is looking for to print the red arrow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Traders please note this is an advanced setup that I have not yet described anywhere in this thread.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Wooohhh what I was thinking when i did label the numbers  sorry about that.

Thanks Robdee for your coments. Any way, this indicator works very well.

I will be talking, about how do I trade this patterns.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
thank you robdee, that was exactly the answer i was looking for. your thinking is close to mine and that makes me happy.. now for me to find something more to learn. right

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Hello all,

I just want to comment how do I trade using ZigZag:

About Equity Management & Risk to Reward Ratio:

I'm sure that this is one of the most important when trading.

Usually I only risk 2% of my account and go at least for the double of the risk. So, why I don't care and why I do care about stop loss in pips:  I don't care because I will be risking 2%, it doesn't mater if the stop loss is 10 pips or 40 pips from my entry I will increase or decrease the lots to trade, and it will represent 2%. I do care, because if my stop loss it's 10 pips I will go for 20 pips (my minimum target will be the double) but if my stop loss it's 40 pips at least I will go for 80 pips, and for my it's much easier to take 20 than 80 and in both cases I will earn 4%.

Why at least the double, because in the worst case if I'm only right 34% of the time I will be positive .

About Entry, Stop Loss and Exit:

Entry: I do trade Ideal & Distorted patterns but I ALWAYS wait for a retracement using A- level off broken support or resistance (label #2) (the arrow at the indicator it's a good guide) or B- Fibo levels with the combiantion off candlesticks formation (the best ones: bullish or bearish engulfing and evening or morning star, and I also look for tweezer top or bottom and pin bars, nothing else)

Important: if I don't have a new 123 pattern I will reentry in the same direction

Stop Loss: 3 pips the high or low of the signal candle or the previous candle.

Exit: Fibo targets 1.618 for retracements to 61.8% and 1.27 if the retracement was around 78.6% or just double the stop loss as target (i do this usually for the first and the second trade of the day "if" i'm planing not to work all day, but if the 2 firts trades are looser, them I keep trading using fibos target).

NOTE: once I set my target I don't follow the market moving the stop loss. It's like set and forget

Drawdown: 4 loosing trades in a row could happen in a single day, but you will recover it with fibo targets very fast,  and yes, i had 5 and 6 loosing trades in a single day but they are not common

Aditional Indicators: don't need it, 123 pattern it's all

I will be posting some trades and you will see how it works.

IMPORTANT NOTE: this is my way of trading from some years ago, but great that Robdee has post the indicator to help new people.

Any question, just let me know.

Happy thanksgiving day

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Hi friends,

Anyone pls care to explain how this zigzag indicator works?

What's are the 3 settings for?

Get confused when should it start to draw the zz line when prices turning around? based on the extdeviation?

googled but not clear.

Thanking you in advance.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Welcome lefteye, I agree it is a bit of a mystery how zigzag actually works.

Here is a link to a basic ZigZag article.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Thanks Robdee, ....still confused. Nonetheless, thanks!

--- 帖子 #90 ---
hey i do not know if this will help but.. the zigzag draw lines at and in between extremes of price action. the defining factor in when or why a line is drawn is when price is greater then stated percent value.

the depth is referred to as the minimal amount of bars that has to be drawn before the indicator is looking to draw a new line, thus creating lines in between a specified interval of bars.

the third value that the zigzag uses has to do with the amount in pips that differs from the last point of the line. by definition, if this amount is exceeded a new line is drawn.

i might have got something wrong though.. but if you or anyone else for that matter has any questions regarding this please do not hesitate to pm me. thank you

--- 帖子 #91 ---
thx, getting bit of it...

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Have read through all your posts and really like this system.Have not traded it yet but have spent a bit of time going through sam seiden supply demand clips economics 101 he calls it and your strategy of a pull back to the no2 break makes a lot of sense in the supply demand concept. I am really looking forward to your ideas and will contribute where I can

--- 帖子 #93 ---
G'day sako, welcome to the thread. Your input is welcome. Just this week I started summer school at Massey University studying economics. Learning to think like an economist is useful and relevant to trading.

Anyone want a fun, easy to read explanation of economics ?

The Undercover Economist by Tim Harford

"A work of true originality, entertaining, thought-provoking, and alarming in roughly equal measures." - The Sunday Business Post

--- 帖子 #94 ---
The day after Thanksgiving called Black Friday in North America. Markets there very quiet as expected. London opened on growing volume and bearish bias. Bulls did little to defend 1.33 Interesting drop in volume 12:15-1:15 GMT possibly lunch? Second target reached but not even 100 pips in the range today.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Big view oversold with divergence approaching 4 Oct support 1.315.

Next week should be a ripper.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #95 ---
here is a simple way and confirming way for trading 123's

--- 帖子 #96 ---
An odd enhancer is picking the setups that give the best probability of success

Note the 2 setups on  EUR .

The first setup had a weak move away from the level and price did not move far from the breakout. Result was 1-2 the small 14pip move

Granted a round number 1.3300 was in the way of the trade

The second setup had a strong move from the level and price moved a fair distance before retracing back.

A strong move away from the setup arrow implies a strong supply area (more sellers than buyers) which if price moves back too ,there should be more sell orders there. Result was the 1-2 approx 75 pip move down.

Didnt take this trade was asleep nz time just for educational purposes

--- 帖子 #97 ---
i like this idea so much. i did something similar two days ago. after seeing the 123 go short and i did have that one to.. i put another order in to sell at the old point 2, stop was 3 pips + spread. wouldn't you know it my order got filled, target at 78 something. who would not risk 1 to get 10 right? :-) another nice way to use 123s or the wording how 123s are useful.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
and to take advantage of the PA re-visiting the S/R

--- 帖子 #99 ---
You kinda wish all days were like today

--- 帖子 #100 ---
M5

--- 帖子 #101 ---
EURUSD

London session opened near the 50 fibo, no candles closed below 50.

Bulls took price up 100 pips.

Bears defended 1.34 at a price lower than last week's defense.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am liking that 50 fibo following a break.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
hello robdee, your indicator works great with the current method im using, and i like its simplicity compared to what i currently use that draws lines instead of dots. can you help me on this, how or where can i adjust the parameters so that only the latest  signals will be seen on the chart and the old plots will automatically erased?

thank you in advance and more power to you.

frank

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Mabuhay frank

My charts are what I call Basic Setup ShowAllLines = False ShowAllBreaks = False ShowTargets = False You will also notice in my recent posts I have removed ZigZag (training wheels) from my charts.

Anyone starting as a beginner with 123PatternsV6 should be using ZigZag to train your eyes to see the patterns rather than relying totally on my indicator.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #104 ---
First of all, a very big thankyou to Robdee for starting this thread and holding our hands to guide us through the strategy.

I like this strategy based on price action using fibs as a confirmation tool.

Is there any reason or restrictions, why this strategy (aggressive break of point 2 representing support or resistance) could not work on a 4 hour timeframe?

I would like to incorporate the strategy with the CCI (for which I am very fond of). Any suggestions?

BTW I am from NSW and just came back a month ago from my first trip to New Zealand on a cruise. Absolutely beautiful country! Dunedin was my favourite. I even took a photo of the stock exchange in Windy Welly. :-))

--- 帖子 #105 ---
hey and welcome. i asked a similar question and got the answer that a cci is not part of this method. but i personally do want to use it in this setup. if you ask me it looks like often when the price is breaking or trying to break point 2 in a 123 pattern we will have a move in the cci(200)'s direction. as long as the cci is stronger then 100 that is.

thoughts ?

--- 帖子 #106 ---
good morning robdee, i hope somebody got this setup this morning could have given nice pips. anyway, if you look at the M15 chart is it possible that those plots will auto erase coz the one i use has a parameter that can be adjusted to show just the recent plots but it paints lines instead of dots? if not possible then no worries i think i just have to live with it

i missed this coz i was sleeping, darn! its really hard to trade in caribbean we are on eastern time.

thanks alot my friend

frank

--- 帖子 #107 ---
hey alrightfrank, can i ask you. is it true that you always take those aggressive breaks on the point 2 or is there some other criteria that you use? i do see these trades but i am reluctant to get in because i want to see the 123 and enter on the rh. as discussed in this thread in this week.

can you explain please?

--- 帖子 #108 ---
yes i do. it depends on your risk tolerance my friend dont take my opinion on this i could be wrong but this is how i operate. as i type this i entered an aggressive buy position, see the post.

the thing is i hunt this setup on M5, though my chart is on M15. i can see clear setups happening on M5 and also considering the risk and reward ratio risk is smaller in M5.

first thing, i belive in the system, it works most of the time not all the time. i know loosing is part of the game, ive learned to love it. so i enter the market without emotion once i see the setup and then let the market decide.

F

--- 帖子 #109 ---
i see. can i ask then, what is your target. distance from 2 to 3 doubled or? i might have asked this before.. getting the feeling  you draw fibb from 1 to 2 right?

--- 帖子 #110 ---
i always trade london sessions my friend, with this trade i just target for 10-15 pips.

when i open a trade i always secure it to SL at breakeven +1 once it hit 25+ pips, i get out of trade if it hit .61, SR area or whenever i feel it needs to be closed.

F

i dont use fib to assist me on my entries, i just use it to calculate my targets.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
thank you for your quick reply alrightfrank. i am happy to hear that somebody else is using similar methods with targets and stops like me. this makes me happy, sort of. hope you have a good one. will post later or cya next london session :-)

--- 帖子 #112 ---
G'day amochoc and welcome to the thread, glad you had a great cruise around NZ. The number of cruise ships visiting Tauranga increases every year. I was a university student in Dunedin back in the 80's, great Scottish region.

There is no technical limitation, the indicator is designed to work the same on all timeframes. The 123 break is a well known pattern. It is observed and interesting to many big players in the 4 hour and daily charts. Of course you have to scale out your stops, targets, trade durations accordingly to trade on that level.

I also like CCI for overbought/oversold/divergent conditions on my 4H chart. I use CCI(14) with level markers pulled out to +/- 125.

I am using 4H chart only for big picture overview, not for placing trades. 4H fibo areas are also very interesting, to observe price action at those levels.

Look forward to your input.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #113 ---
EURUSD

Bulls had another attack on 1.34, reaching 1.3440 before falling.

123Patterns did not show a bullish break, hard to find an entry.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #114 ---
i would be careful to go CT long my friend, theres still strong SR 1.34xx area, overall im still bearish. i only guess that theres still a chance for the market to visit 1.32xx level, as well as shoulder formation on near supply area. just my two cents

frank

--- 帖子 #115 ---
LO session at 1.32xx level:

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Hi Robdee,

Your indicator 123PatternsV6 is very usefull

But i think if you could coding add email alert if arrow give a signal, will become a complete usefull indicator.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Hi Rob

First of all best of luck with the thread.

The distorted pattern is a 2b trade, just google that and you'll see them clearly. They are the same general concept as double tops/bottoms and 1 2 3 trades i.e. a sign of test and failure at a key level. I don't trade all 2b i.e. distorted pattern trades, much more selective.

Personally I feel once you have had the first 1 2 3 to change direction then you have a series of HH, Hl's and they are the same as 1 2 3's.

Paulus I think it was did some great work re 1 2 3's coming out of Asian session into London. The idea of only taking trades counter to the direction from Asian session. This would take into account the notorious London open head fake concept avoid some losing trades and hopefully get into the main move of London session.

Trading 1 2 3's at your zone prices is a very important concept, perhaps easily explained as support becomes resistance and vice versa.

What else, I am very wary of taking (what I describe as) weak 1 2 3 moves very early in US session that counter the London direction. Often those small 1 2 3 patterns will fail and US session moves back into the London direction (often with a distorted pattern).

All the best.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
OK your other comments about not bogging down the thread with nice to have indi's.

The trend is your friend, that old adage applies for a reason, well because it works. The consideration then becomes what do you use to describe as your trend. A very personal decision for many.

MTF analysis then becomes important. One of the prolific EA writers at FF includes a standard option to take signals when the D RSI is below the 50 level. Thats a pretty good rule of thumb.

Will this mean that some trades are missed when the D chart is turning, of course but should save many losing trades going against the D trend.

How you get by avoiding losing trades on the odd counter daily trend days I have never figured out (as far as an EA goes), manually you can just avoid selling as an example on 5 min chart after a strong D hammer.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
There are various indi's around that highlight SR levels, drawing lines at the identified levels. I've never used them but I'm sure they would assist.

I almost hate to say it but its so simple. An 8 lwma after a retrace gives an easy visual of a 1 2 3. The red line is the clear buy zone/resistance became support. A positive close candle moving through the 8 lwma with little/no upper  wick (for a buy) avoiding candles that are overly large (15 pips or so)  is a method I've used for years.

Also in this case the D has had a nice positive close and approaching (but not above its 50 RSI). Interestingly to put above posts into context. Price came out of Asian session lower so after a positive D close look for buys.

How you code this goodness only knows.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
If you were following the idea of going with D trend then on this day none of the buys would be tradeable as you are running against the D chart. More specifically the buy at 3530 has no clear buy zone for me, its run 50 pips to generate a buy (counter trend day) thats not a good idea.

Interestingly enough the London close reversal played out like a charm, so you wouldn't be looking to sell at that time no matter how good the set up.

The 1 2 3 buys in Asian session failed simply as Asian session just didn't want to buck the trend when volumes were light. Hindsight is a wonderful thing though.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
As mentioned follow D trend, could use above/below its 8 rsi 50 level or right side of fozzy cross or whatever D filter you use to determine higher TF trend.

Then look for trades at your buy sell zones that have a candle closing through 8 lwma in direction of higher TF trend.

Very sorry if you are anti the indi's but the concept is solid.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Welcome Vantage, thanks for your input. You have a broad perspective on many elements of analysis which is valuable to consider in the context of this thread. I will have to go through your posts carefully step by step to evaluate where I can incorporate and then reply in more detail.

I am not against (anti) any indicators built-in to MT4. I am against the many different custom indicators and EAs available that would side-track this thread.

I have only made brief comments about how I evaluate big picture (Daily trend). The focus so far has been basic interpretation of 123 patterns with fibonacci projections. I am trying to introduce as few variables as possible into the decision making process.

Thanks again Vantage, your insights are always appreciated.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #123 ---
EURUSD

London Open big volume did not break first bearish target, this was good evidence of bullish support.

Bulls reacted to any price action below 50 fibo.

Fed surprise announcement produced 200 pip bullish candle.

Bears defense of 1.34 failed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That is my interpretation of what happened today.

I missed the bullish move because I kept thinking like a euro bear.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Fibonacci retracement best!!!

http://my.jetscreenshot.com/6252/m_2...o0o3-139kb.jpg

--- 帖子 #125 ---
i would like to say something. the idea of using an indicator to assist ones perception of the price is something i like, though if it was possible i would like to be able to not have to use one. i suppose that i could claim i truly do not need my macd or cci.. but i ask you here, does anyone know of a way to not have to use an indicator like for example the cci?

i am talking about not haveing to use it and still gettting that feeling of "oh okay here this move is greater then that, in force". perhaps it is just me overcomplicating things. but if anyone knows please advice.

and i must add, i love the idea of the sell/buy zone, the ttl, and also the ross hook.

ideas? comments?

--- 帖子 #126 ---
One of the things the VSA threads taught me was cause and effect, the D chart had a doji 3 days ago then a shooting star. The failure of that shooting star to go lower may (and I'll say may, same as you thoughts were on lower) have given reason to look to buy.

At the moment my simple thoughts are:

a) possible rally in a downtrend, we can still go lower and price is right on a D sell zone

b) if the market is convinced eur problems solved then this could be start of big move up, of course there could be some funny up and down days until that happens

c) we have no divergence to confirm the move up

So this D set up is one of those where I'd look at the chance to buy and sell whatever decent set ups happen from 5 min charts. As opposed to the recent sell only bias.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Rob there are a couple of threads now that trade using the TDI, I'm not sure of its make up but its very close to the old fozzy (theres nothing new in trading) 8 rsi with 8 sma on it.

I have for a little while now been using higher TF fozzy crosses (as its a standard mt4 indi) as first hint of direction change (divergence a bonus) with above/below higher TF rsi 50 line as the 2nd confirmation of direction.

Then using 5 min 1 2 3's (higher lows lower highs) as the entry method. Taking care with days like today where we could still go either way (my bias is up though) as the market might want a final shake out attempt lower.

So I tried to filter the 1 2 3 set ups to my view of D chart.

See one of prev posts, after up day (eur and gu) yesterday price came out of Asian session lower so that = buy bias.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
hi there vantage, do you just base your directional trade in daily chart? and use rsi just for directional bias? how about H1 and H4, can we use this as well to base our directional bias to trade in M5?

thanks alot

frank

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Hi Frank

Perhaps a fine line here between going off topic and Robdees request to help fine tune 1 2 3 entries.

Bias is D chart based, if you are going against that its one of those counter trend choices. You either accept the risk as being higher, perhaps lower your profit expectations (grab lower pips if in profit), or pass on the trade.

Pls see above posts, we take certain 1 2 3 trades on 5 min if its in line with D trend without waiting for 1hr to fall in line. For example if (as has been the case now except the last day or 2) the GU, eur trend is down you are looking for sell opp's. A classic would be price moving higher out of Asian session we would not be looking to buy but waiting for a 2b/dble top/1 2 3 at the recent extreme of price that you are hoping is in a sell zone at an important level.

If you miss that initial 1 2 3 trade at the recent price extreme then we would be looking to only trade after 1hr/4hr has lined up. In the case of a sell we would be looking for some kind of hesitation candle (on 1hr) eg doji, shooting star, close in lower half of candle OR 2 or more candles that are pos closes but fail to break higher out of the recent range.

Long explaination of your question but waiting sometimes for D 1hr trend to fall in line is a solid way to trade.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Personal view is roughly 70% of the time pa will follow the D chart from 1 day to the next. Thats decent odds, you then need to say where will you get in. It might mean that if trend is down London might try and buck that and needs US vol's to turn market to fall in line with D. Bottom line you can STILL lose money if you are trading trend IF you are using small stops and NOT being careful with your entry.

1 2 3's is a classic method to use to shake out efforts to go against the trend.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
With the above in mind pls look again at chart in post 119.

If you missed the distorted pattern buy (2b trade) around 5539 (the recent extreme of price) we would then be waiting for a 1hr close to look for a 1 2 3 buy at a higher level.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Following on from above post 11 hrs ago. As mentioned bias was up.

D pos close yesterday, fozzy crossed up and on 50 line.

Price comes out of Asian session dropping, but bias is up, so prob a London open head fake lower. See earlier post look to trade the reversal of direction of pa coming out of Asia time.

1hr candle closes bouncing off the D pivot ie an important level, a pos close hammer, in the direction of D bias. So now my D and 1hr charts are agreeing. 5 min chart, red line shows close of 1hr hammer and 1 2 3 follows see arrow up.

Couldn't get a better example of how I view 1 2 3 (higher low) trades.

Oh also the first 15-20 mins after a 1hr close often brings the desired 1 2 3 trade.

Oh almost forgot, look to left of 1hr chart, the hammer close is a move up from its buy zone.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I have never been a big user of fibs but in keeping with the direction of thread just put this on. Seems to speak for itself.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Thanks to Vantage we are seeing more details of the relationship between higher and lower timeframes.

I like to see what is happening on a monthly scale using the 4 hour chart.

I use a 30 candle cycle and during November this has been starting on Fridays.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see I set CCI(30) to match the cycle.

I stretch the O/S O/B lines out from the default to +/- 125.

Apart from that it is just like my Basic Setup with Fibo Targets I use on 5min charts.

I hope this gives you something useful.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #135 ---
hi

what happen today please describe this picture in eurusd?

I had buy position in eurusd today and my SL hitted why?

best regards

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Hi david trader, your chart is easy to read. Any time you see price moving below point 3 that means the pattern is no longer valid, the sellers are too strong. If you see this then it is a good time to look for an exit.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
thanx

can I inter for sell position if price close blow 3 point?

how I can filter the positions in range markets?

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Yes, wait for bearish 123 pattern and draw your sell zone.

Good question, that is the purpose of this thread to find answers.

One simple way taught by Joe Ross is this. Wait for strong move up (60+), then look for bearish 123 at the top. Wait for strong move down, then look for bullish 123 at the bottom.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
EURUSD

Can't seem to get those bears out of my mind.

Cost me -20 pips soon after the London Open.

Looks like a good defense of 1.35 by the bears.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If anyone sees a clear bullish picture, I'm interested

--- 帖子 #140 ---
thanx alot

Is price move from point 2 to poine 3 strong in my Previous pic?

--- 帖子 #141 ---
move from 1-2 is 88 pips (strong)

move from 2-3 is only 45 pips (not strong)

--- 帖子 #142 ---
If the market is turning there are often a couple of days when the big guys turn off the sells, the rest of the market is still selling. IF this is a turn the big boys will start buying, they can't buy all at once they have too much ammo. So a turn will often have its own D 1 2 3 (with rsi divergence for those that watch it). We haven't seen those patterns yet.

You traded a big pic 1 2 3, make your candles much bigger and you'll see the smaller 1 2 3's. IMHO after your entry there was a distinct 1 2 3 lower high which might have given warning of a failure to move up and you could have gotten out with a smaller loss, or IF you believe the market IS turning you'd need stop below the D's low.

As Rob has mentioned we could easily be headed lower looking for a D dble bottom, 1 2 3 high before the move up really begins.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
First of all a little story. Islander a superb trader, I asked him how he did so well trading 1 min time frames at certain specific times of day. He said 10,000 hours of chart time. He was looking back all the time to perfect his entry requirements and his methods.

Moving on.

Trend (and therefore ranging markets) are time frame dependent, what may be ranging on 4hr might give great opportunities on 1hr/5 min. Looking at the chart post 135. The market hasn't had a real pullback on D chart yet, no real 1 2 3. As some pullback is likely still I would look at the distance from high to low for that trade, the market has moved a long way to take an entry there on what is not yet a confirmed upward trend.

Just my view, until trend is confirmed up on D chart I would be looking at lower time frames for opp's to get entries much closer to turn points.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Hi guys!

Interested indicator. I have backtested with M1 and result are great. Did anybody make it like EA? Or anybody can do? :-)

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Hi every body

very nice 123 bearish pattern in H4 in eurusd

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Just showing as an example again in using MTF to assist in a trade.

D yesterday had a doji that could not break Wed's high. This is the kind of candle we would look for to confirm a poss move down back into the trend.

I hr red neg close candle with large upper wick, confirming the view of D candle.

2 nice 1 2 3's follow.

Now IF the market is headed up after all, then over next few days we would need to see a D 1 2 3 with a low around 1.3200 or above. Only TWT what happens. So now its back to sell mode until there is evidence on D chart of a 1 2 3 bottom.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Hi Robdee

Can you advise if theres any change's to the 123 indicator if Iam to use it on say the 15min TF..or 1 hour.

Iam running the indicator on 5 min at : zigzag 12, retrace depth min 0.4, retrace depth max 1.0

Thankyou

Glenn

--- 帖子 #148 ---
G'day Glenn, welcome to the thread. Those 5min settings you are using are the same as my basic settings I use on 5min and 4hour. I expect that those settings will also work fine on 15 min and 1 hour. At least as a good baseline. I did a lot of tweaking last year trying to find better settings but never found anything more reliable than those defaults.

ZigZag=12 makes sense on 5min because 12 candles = 1 hour.

ZigZag=12 makes sense on 4hr because 12 candles = 48 hours.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Thanks Robdee..

I lived in Auckland for 30 years before moving to Aussie....hows it going?

Glad to see John got back in.

I have studied 123, TTE and ross hook for years, so your indicator fits in well...

Any advise on trading using the indicator would be of intrest....so far I have traded the setup for a few weeks on 5 min...in the first few hours of london session and so far 100% winners...

Thanks

Glenn

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Hi Rob

Thanks for your efforts here. I am not in a position to watch the indi live at the moment. My apologies then for any stupidity that follows as a result.

I have shown the 8lwma and fozzy 8 rsi with 8 sma overlay just to compare your indi with what I would typically be looking for.

OK first chart shows red line where 1 hr closed in line with my view of daily. So from there the bias is negative. PS I became indi averse but put fozzy back on for divergence as I found that helped with distorted trades, then the co-incidence of solid set ups with fozzy crosses became apparent.

Second chart shows the areas where I would be looking to get in. You'll see that on the right hand trade I would have been looking to enter 1 candle earlier.

EA suggestions for discussion:

1) Is it feasible to have options to take a view of the market and have sell only, buy only, show all trades? That way if you have the time you could look at computer at close of 1hr candle and see if confirms view of market and choose (in these charts as an example) sell only after the red line 1hr close. Therefore you could avoid some poss fake out sells when 1 hr had not yet 'flipped' over in line with the daily. I have purposely not asked this question earlier, I wanted to post a few charts with HTF's lining up so you would now see what I was thinking.

2) In the 2nd pic after close of 1hr the left red line shows where I'd be looking to enter (close of candle that has opened above closed below the 8lwma, fozzy crossed lower nice to have) 1 pip or so below the close of the candle. In this case as candle closed below 2 point EA agrees.

The right red line, I'd be looking to enter 1 candle before the EA. That's about a 20 pip difference in entry, it didn't hurt this time but often that size later entry as you know could be the diff between success and failure. Is it feasible to code an option where if candle closes (for a sell in this case) with little/no lower wick (I use ballpark 3 pips), close to (but above) the orange red line at point 2 (again say ballpark 3 pips) that trades would be signalled when 2 point is broken with 1 pip?

I trust that this is clear.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
glenn are you trading the breakout of point 2 or the retracement back after the breakout .

Could post some of your entries thanks

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Only the retracement, with a entry as per TTE....so Iam in the trade before point 3...

well I try to be, doesnt all ways work as per the plan...

I also work out a TP based on point 2 minus point 3....the balance multiply by .618...

Sorry I dont have a lot of time to spend in forums...

EDIT  sorry  point 2

Glenn

--- 帖子 #153 ---
thanks for reply corrected my question  I meant the breakout of point2 (not point3 )  but i think your answer is the same anyway

--- 帖子 #154 ---
hey and welcome to the thread :-)

i would just like to comment. i do the same on entry, see the break of point 2, watch for the TTE zone and have orders there to take me in at that point.

however i do calculate the distance of TP differently. taking the distance from point 2 to point 3 as the target, from point 2. as such if my TTE zone

equals rr 1:3 or greater on that trade i will take it.

example: TP is 30 from point2, TTE zone says i risk 15 until point 3 then that is risking 15 to get 45 hence 1 for 3.

if the case is that my TP is greater then 30 as point2 would be another value then i consider that as an even greater opportunity and strongly consider moving my target even further, as per always keeping my 1 for 3 mentality. greater is only bonus though, hope you understand this :-)

as for the part where it does not always work i do this; if the cci(200) is > 100, on long side in this example, at the point 2 of the 123 pattern then that point 2 is acceptable. if not then it isn't. this thinking can be applied differently with other indicators set to other numbers. it is just something i've found to be working for the moment and it is only my interpretation. i think somebody wrote about it in this thread also, though i cannot find it atm.

// meatball :-)

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Hi Guys,

Great thread, I use a 123 break pattern along with CCI and a 60sma, really only looking to trade with the sma for direction and CCI for confirmation.

I find H4 suits my life style but applies to all time frames, just make sure the sma is in agreement one time frame higher.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Thanks for that...I will look at your CCI method....do you change the cross line " 100" or cci(200)  for different TF's...

I was refering to the TTE ideal of three candles then the turn....fourth candle contiunes then the move will contiune...

Therefore its not always possible to get the three candles before the retracement zone...

So Iam intrested in looking at the CCI setup.

Sorry if this is off thread Robdee

Thanks

Glenn

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Here is an example of my Basic Setup with Fibo Targets and CCI(144) on 5min charts.

CCI(144) represents a 12 hour cycle so fits the intraday scenarios well.

With Fibos, CCI, and TTE this is getting more significantly more advanced than simple setups I've posted previously.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Click on this chart (3-times in Firefox) to see full size image

In Friday's scenario 4:30GMT was the optimal entry.

Assuming a bullish trend, I look for a pullback into oversold (CCI below -125).

Then I'm looking for a TTE entry that allows me to enter before the next point 2 is broken.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Rob any chance you could make you charts clearer with some thicker cci lines and darker colours.

For what its worth I'll post same charts with 2 of the set ups we use.

Pls note the diff in pips when market goes from counter trend back to trend.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
2 of the basic set ups we'll trade.

3 ma's nicely stacked. I have shown the candles we'd like to trade when they close as they have positive closes with little/no upper wick. They are counter trend to the daily down trend. They were close to the round number so would probably pass.

In both trades we would be looking to get into before 2 point broken. Going counter trend could really be the diff between win/BE or a losing trade. Pls see previous post of mine, any chance you could code to get entry earlier?

--- 帖子 #160 ---
2nd set up. 1hr has given us a good candle to now suggest counter trend move up is over. So we are now selling rally in a down trend with a decent 1hr candle confirming poss move down in line with D trend.

Left red line our entry and ea agreeing as 2 point has been broken. Ma's not nicely stacked but we have our 2nd basic trade (1hr agreeing with D trend).

Right red line we would look for entry 1 candle before the ea. Ea didn't signal as 2 point not yet broken. Again any chance of coding a neg close candle with little/no lower wick that is close to 2 point but hasn't yet closed beyond 2 point as a trade?

The diff in pips between this trend and the above counter trend trades is really clear.

Sorry Rob I have just shown the ma's etc not to move the direction of thread but just to show what we would look for in set ups. Not intending any of these to be brought in. The 1 2 3 indi appears to be working very well just trying to get a focus between trend and counter trend.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
We wouldn't be looking for bullish trend just yet. We closed below Thur's low.

Until we now get a D candle that closes pos to confirm a D 1 2 3 move up we will be working on the assumption that this leg down on Fri is the 1st of a typical 3 leg down move.

So again any pos 1hr candles in Asian session on Mon we would consider opp's to sell rally in down trend. Dare I say it, Asia moving up into London open we would look at as a LO head fake opp to sell.

1 step further any move to Thurs low would be a HTF sell zone. The 2 red lines show our sell areas.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
since robdee already explained it nicely i'll use his latest picture to illustrate my thoughts on this.

point a shows the bar that broke point 2, 1 pip above this bar is where aggressive entry would be.

point b shows where tte zone would be and as such tell me to enter as it is where the bar that broke point 2 started to form.

also notice down below on his cci, that is scratching the 125 level and im sure it would be also if i'd pull up a chart with it set to cci(200) @ 100.

thank you :-)

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Start of a new week, I'm trying to change my mind to think like a Euro Bull.

Using 123 analysis and 50 fibo makes 1.3326 look interesting for bulls.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Keep clicking on this image until you get the full size view.

and for all my fellow Euro Bulls out there, don't start thinking Uh Oh!

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...8&d=1322776395

--- 帖子 #164 ---
hi bit difficult to be bullish when the chart is showing downtrend, but being open really helps in short term trading

being open to all possibility mean u capture more pips

e.g. euro only gone down 300 pip in last 5-7 weeks or so but most of the move down was only on a few candles. if you miss the move you really dont have much of a downtrend thats why i prefer scalping as it works in ranges which it certainly has done after the big move - ranging very tightly.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
We'll see, 1hr shows 2nd leg down but we couldn't go below fri's low. That could just be Asian habit of not wanting to push through levels. There is some rsi divergence showing. D shows a nice shooting star.

It could turn any where here or down to 3200, who knows, why guess. the D chart will tell soon - perhaps.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
hi robdee,

nice trade eu don't change ur mind as long as eu not break 1.35xx

it's only bullish bias but overall bearish...

thanks for ur indi..... have a nice pips...

cheers

--- 帖子 #167 ---
eu just take short again

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Take care you are getting right into London close reversal time although its been a sideways day so may not apply.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
noted with thanks bro

--- 帖子 #170 ---
EURUSD

London Open found support down near 4hour 50% fibo (see prev post)

Lazy bulls, first target not reached

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Note the supply demand zones signified by the large candle move out of these areas when price revisited these areas the supply(Sellers) demand (buyers) were still there

Just areas to watch when using this 123

--- 帖子 #172 ---
EURUSD

London opened on the overbought side.

TTE then down to second fibo target, only +80.

Guess bulls waiting to see what eurozone politicians throw up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #173 ---
nice win robdee very good trade another highly promising system easy to use

just stay out of the average or so so 1,2,3s and wait for the good ones, this one @ key resistance level so it was a good trade

--- 帖子 #174 ---
EURUSD

London opened again today on overbought side.

Early warning of setup failure when candles closed above 50 fibo.

ECB press conference helped the bigger bears eat my lunch (SL -20).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

http://storiesthatlift.com/STL-image...-bears-web.jpg

I am the little bear, the big bears ate my lunch

--- 帖子 #175 ---
EURUSD

London opened on the opposite side today, strongly oversold on CCI.

Bears failed to reach first downside target.

A candle closing above 50 fibo was a warning of bullish strength.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basic 123 analysis yielded zero pips in this session.

Conclusion: 123 analysis in consolidating ranges is of limited value. This is exactly what Joe Ross (Ross Hook,TTE inventor) teaches. He says wait for a strong move up or down first, then look for evidence of an opposing entry using 123.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Hi Rob

Sorry I would disagree strongly here. The zig zags for your 1 2 3 chart above post are too wide.

The indi from your 1st post worked fine.

D chart shows some clear S levels around 3300. 1hr chart shows a hammer with divergence at 3300.

5 min hl's as per your indi that i downloaded are clear. A superb day.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
With some basic chart analysis as above your 123patternsV6 indi (settings as standard zigzag depth 1, retrace depthmin 0.4, retrace depthmax 1.0) is fantastic.

The question is why are you not focused on what that indi is showing?

Thats where I think you are onto a winner.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Same chart cleared of pivots and psych levels. Trades are clearly shown. How about developing this further into a full trade ea and lets put this up for demo trading.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
In a very sideways week the 123PatternV6 did a fantastic job. The arrows up and down are created by the system.

I'd like to see an option to take trades earlier at break of 2 point, or at least an alert if price approaches to x number of pips before 2 level.

With a stop 2/3 pips + spread beyond the 1 point (ie the last swing high low) you can see for yourself how many winners v losers there are.

The first 1 2 3 trade will always be the safest.

Rob I strongly believe you are onto something here.

Mondays London + US session.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Tues trades.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Wed trades.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Thurs trades.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Fri trades.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Ok this is not telling me anything I didn't expect I've been trading 1 2 3's (higher lows lower highs) for years. I am amazed how well this indi performs picking up the swings in a rotten sideways week.

Rob I would look to try and enter trades where candles have little/no wick (in direction of trade) but haven't yet crossed the 2 point. See the x trade, the indi showing trade on candle that crosses and closes below 2 point around 3362. I'd be looking to enter 3375 ish with the candle before which closes just above the 2 point but with little/no lower wick (when selling of course).

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Does the indicator repaint and if not when does the arrow appear after conditions are met or after 1 or 2 bar confirmation ie does the arrow appear if valid imm after close of signal bar

With ref to your wick req I used an ea based simply on 0 wick at the bottom for buy or top for sell using the wick 2.0 indictor t you cn find it on the forum )

Using simple global set and get functions

Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Hi

Due to business interests I am not able to watch charts live at the mo (which is why I'd love to get a usable 1 2 3 ea) so cannot comment on repaint. Robdee is very experienced and I don't think that he'd miss that one. The arrow shows after a candle closes past the line at the 2 point.

With wicks provided the body is much bigger than the wick I have used up to 3 pips wick, of course the smaller the better.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Vantage is correct in saying that the arrow prints after a candle closes beyond price point 2. The indicator is always looking back in time at the last three price points to see if they make a valid 123.

Valid 123 patterns may later be rendered invalid by price action that exceeds the bounds of the original 1 2 3.

Also, distorted patterns (ie ShowAllBreaks=true) leads to redraw/repaints at times.

See previous posts on this topic... Arrows and distorted patterns Post #49 123 setup becoming invalid Post #1113 These are known limitations and are all being taken into account with the next version V7 which is currently in testing by myself and another trader.

Vantage suggestions for fine tuning entry options are appreciated and will be added in V7.

The logic used in V7 will not be complicated. It will be less complicated than V6. The logic for finding and acting on 123 patterns will essentially be the same as Vantage's recent posts.

I have a solid and proven EA code base so it will not be difficult to build an EA for this.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #188 ---
rob and vantage, great indicator guys. the pattern indi works great and the alarm is even better. i trade this live on LO and US sessions.

thanks a lot

frank

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Thanks vantage for posting the weeks charts with your 123 settings I have changed the zigzag depth from 12 to 1 as you said and it looks really good in  fact really really really good.

Rob agree with vantage you are  on to something here thanks again for sharing you 123 indicator

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Hi Rob

Just an example of aggressive entry on the pm I sent you. Here entry would be just below 3400, as opposed to waiting for 2 point to break. Just wanted to give you visual of the 1st neg close candle in trend move.

Thanks for your work here.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
hey Vantage that dashed "v" you marked on the chart is exactly where i would enter with my rr 1:3 as i told you in my pm. this "v" point illustrates it perfectly; a bigger 123 shown a few bars earlier and then an entry at a bit better price going short.

just saying.. you think differently and find the entry in another way, but we both find the same place to go in. makes me feel good :-) i am so on this train guys!

--- 帖子 #192 ---
here is a picture of what i mean. i made up the difference from point 2 to point 3 and set it to 10. i have not measured it because that does not matter for what i am about to show.

on one side there is a trade with 10 pips risk for a possible gain of 10 pips. it is an rr of 1:1. on the other side there is an example of another trade with the same stop and target, though the entry is higher up giving us a better price. the entry i prefer here is the 1:3 where i am risking 5 to get 15.

who wouldn't right?? i am just saying :-) now you can see my point, hopefully.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Yes you often get a smaller 1 2 3 after a bigger one and is a great place to enter. Aggressive entry before the traditional break of 2 point, it is well documented.

Like I have said before when selling I typically look for 1st neg close candle that has little/no lower wick and enter when candles low is broken with a pip (or so).

If in this example you take entry at the top of the hammer is that entry based on a fib of the 1 2 range? Just want to be totally clear on what you are looking for.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Rob to be clear when selling 1st neg close after 3 point in a traditional 1 2 3.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
i am looking for a 123 setup and then i calculate where the entry "50% between 2 and 3" is, put my order there if it fits my other criterias.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Vantage, emb

Your recent charts and discussion are very helpful, great work!

I see three options for aggressive entry before the break of point 2.

1) Vantage's candle that closes with very little wick (ie not much opposite pressure) and occurs after price point 3 and before price point 2 has been broken. This provides a consistent approach to aggressive entry.

2) emb's entry line "50% between 2 and 3" providing better R:R ratio and another consistent approach to aggressive entry.

3) My favourite, "50% between 1 and 2" followed by preparing to exit/reverse on 210% (aka Fibo Targets).

See the case study that we have all been posting from 6 December...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Keep clicking on this chart until you see the full size version.

123PatternsV6 shows the dots and arrows too late to suit the aggressive entry methods mentioned above.

I am working on V7 which will include some way of showing aggressive entries as they occur.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Here is a preview of V7 showing 'Vantage style' entries on that same day (6 Dec).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

V7 is still under construction.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #198 ---
robdee that v7 looks very promising. is it too much to ask of the new v7 version to have a automatically calculating line of set % for my entry? i am thinking a box where you input how much pullback in % and then v7 draws a line at that point, calling it meatball or w/e.. could be useful for other people also, one might want to enter on a 20% pullback and another trader maybe likes 40% or so.

understand me? ideas?? all the best so far ! :-)

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Hello robdee,

This is excellent thread, I was looking for something like this last months, especially I like  emb's entry line "50% between 2 and 3" providing better R:R ratio.I think, this is very promising and long story.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
that looks solid doesn't it, gives u better piece of pie so to speak

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Hi emb, sure no problem, I am very busy this week with mid-semester exams. Later in the week I will be working on it. Something like 23RetraceLine=0.50 is what I' thinking. Robdee

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Traders may like to do some V7 beta testing?

I am very busy this week so I will just post this and then carry on with my other work for a few days.

New ideas... V7 focuses on aggressive entries, it does not wait for the break. Filters are used to avoid too much chaos CCIFilter prevents buy entries when CCI grossly overbought (smoothed cci > 125)  CCIFilter prevents sell entries when CCI grossly oversold (smoothed cci < -125)  VolFilter prevents all entries when volume is below average. Below average volume is defined as MA12(fast) < MA144(slow).  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

See the attached template v7betatest.tpl that shows how the default filters are configured.

This allows you to visualise the filtering process.

Note: Alarms and a trading EA are planned but not yet built.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #203 ---
We can see here you use ZigZagDepth=1, did you change this from 12 or it will remain 12?

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Congratulations:

I think this is the most interesting thread on FF at this time.  Very practical approach to problem solving; with some good, sharp, minds on the task.

My request:

I would love to hear a distinct alert sound for a buy and a different  sound for a sell.  When all alerts sound the same, it is a tad frustrating.

I use Chin bars to alert me to breakouts and I just recently figured out how to have a bullish sound or a bearish sound alert from the same indicator.  Given my level of ability with programming, that is probably not too complex for the wizards here.  If it is a new thought, I can show anyone how to do it.

Different alert sounds would be a nice feature to add to the 123 indicator.  I have found that this enhancement in Chin Bars is quite beneficial.

On another tack:

Personally, I find Zig Zag indicators a bit hit or miss and I prefer to do my own higher-high, higher-low plots (and vice verse) based on fractals. I know that is probably a whole new slant on this as zigzag is the core, but maybe keep it on the back burner.

Great work in progress here.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
He's busy and I know for a fact Rob changed it. The bigger 12 missed many 1 2 3's.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
There isn't an indi that will get everything the way your eye will. Over the last few weeks the 123PatternV6 has shown itself to be quite amazing. Just looking over last weeks trades shows the ability it has. Thats the point, how many solid trades can we get.

You might want to compare your fractals to the 123PatternV6 and V7 (NOT the zig zag 12 setting) and if the proof is there I'm sure Rob will consider it.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
I totally agree that we  should be able to know when the indicator is not doing the job  correctly.  Counting 123, or higher-highs, higher-lows etc. is something we can learn to do  well on our own.  A good indicator can help us with that, especially with the learning curve.

I like what is developing here and have no desire to hijack it in any way. I use123 and also use the fractals idea and I like both.  Often they are one and the same.

Having said that, I have attached a reasonably good fractal zigzag that may or may not prove useful. It attempts to meld zigzag with fractals and seems to do a reasonable job.  I only post it here as it may help with this project.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Keep up the good work my friend, you most certainly are onto a good indicator here, I've attached it to my Range Bar chart and I'm liking the way it looks. It's very similar to what I look at when I'm looking at H/L, L/H price patterns.

If I was to use something like this I would be looking at using it for trend continuation entries, and less for counter trend set ups.

However saying that I can certainly see potential for reversal patterns.

Just take a quick look at this chart, don't pay too much attention to the other indicators on the chart, these are for my trading setups.

I've circled areas on the chart according to your signals that would tell me that there's a possible change in trend coming.

This would be indicated by a L/H or H/L, count the 1.2. H/L L/H circles and you can see what I mean.

Also you can see what would be the continuation signals.

Very well done my friend.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Another example of what I'm talking about, you can clearly see the areas on the chart where a change of price direction is indicated.

Giving early possible signals. Obviously you will get false signals however, after a fake reversal signal a trend continuation is the next signal.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
I think you get the idea, there's certainly many uses for such patterns.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Just the way I would do it...

--- 帖子 #212 ---
xx50 to xx00 level.. typical price action movement...

You can see the first L/H as indicated, this is the ideal scenario for an entry.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
After restarting the platform... appears to be some repainting issues... this is not good.. maybe someone could please explain this to me?

--- 帖子 #214 ---
EU stopped out +5 AU manually closed +30

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Thank you very much for your answer.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Just trying on demo today V7.

Will not enter if signal candle body is bigger than 25pips.

Trading time GMT 0700 to GMT 1600.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Nice thread, robdee : well done (thanks for the heads up, Mr V).

I like 123 setups and my personal trading "search for the Holy Grail" has for a long time been how to enter on a reject of the 3 point. This morning's first trade is a reasonable example (6E = EU futures / 5 tick range bars / CET chart time) : I hope it's self-explanatory.

First Monday morning trade is potentially tricky, especially when the market has been trending quite strongly overnight (I start at 0900). I sold a reject of the volatility stop : entry 1 tick below the close of the bar. First contract hit t1 @ +13, c2 back to b/e +1.

PS. Sorry not showing thread indicators ... but my point is about the pattern, not about indicators (& my platform is NinjaTrader)

--- 帖子 #218 ---
+32 pips on my short using my strategy

2 x risk on the trade

Putting your indicator on the chart I use you can see how it compared entry basically the same spot.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Again more repainting issues with the (3) symbol on the chart... must be a reason for this... will make visual backtesting virtually useless.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Hi every body

how we filter signals like this picture

--- 帖子 #221 ---
I haven't had chance to play yet. Rob said he will put in some filters that can be switched off to leave decision to traders.

The indi was actually doing a great job to signal a valid 1 2 3 at the round number. The fact that it was counter trend is something for the trader to decide whether he wants to take or not.

Just apply your own filter (ie keep your hand off the button) and only take trend signals (unless of course its around London close then you can look at counter days trend trades).

--- 帖子 #222 ---
hi. please remember that the v7 is in testing phase and as such is not always working as intended.

one thing you could do to filter which side of the trades you want to take is to use a slow moving macd next to your chart. i personally like to use the cci to measure force but there are many oscillators/momentum indicators that you could use.

edit: vantage beat me to it :-)

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Thought I would chime in because I use supply and demand to trade and saw sell and buy zones so figured worth a read. Very interesting thread with some great minds in here. I am by no means close to a pro as I am a student just like most on here. I still make the bone headed mistakes and prolly more than most because I try to predict rather than go with the flow.

So I posted this pic of what i see why it failed. And remember i am not picking on you just letting you know why go long? I make these same mistakes still at times and dont want to see you lose like i did and still do. Basically dont make a bad habit because I am fighting through mine right now.

Also on your chart if you did take that trade you had a chance to get out of it with some gain. If you take a countertrend keep your stop tight and if you do get in profit early move stop to breakeven and let it ride. Hey if it goes your way then congrats you found the turning point , if not you lost nothing. Where you want to move a stop to BE is up to you. I know some at 5 pips move it and some at 15 pips. Up to you but remember when taking a CT its very very very risky. Keep your stop TIGHT.

If you stick with the original indie and play tops and bottoms looking for zones with the arrow you will be fine. Just realize where the trend is. Ask yourself did this swing make a higher high or lower low? If it made a higher high and retraces back to your arrow on the indie then you have a better shot of a winning trade. If it didnt you may get something out of it but look close to where it may stall. Same goes for a lower low. Just a few mistakes I have done and still do from time to time.

Good luck fellas and ladies.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
hello again

you right but in this indi we have some filter option such as cci(144) and volume but this indi require be complete and other filter option add to this indi for good act.

regards

--- 帖子 #225 ---
my friends, pls let it be known to all of us that we cannot rely 100% on indicators alone to base our trading decisions, like "red dot sell, blue dot buy" first thing we have to know is how the indi works and why. if im not mistaken vantage had already threw out something about trading with the main trend of the day. its already shouting sell! sell! sell! from the begining of London session, therefore if we go long the crowd will be against us.

i had a false signal on my platform as well like yours and the pic below, but the main idea is to learn to hunt 123 pattern nakedly and have the indi confirm it if it  will have its chance, and still i will keep this great indi on my chart coz its doing its job.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
this is what i mean, even the indi give false signal the main trend is always dominant, and still the indi is doing its job.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
hi,

I ask question: if main trend in chart are downtrend, what time we can inter buy signal in indicator? how we know the downtrend want to end and see buy signal in indi and inter?

sorry my english not good

regards

--- 帖子 #228 ---
You answered your own question in your question.... downtrend... do not go long in a downtrend... very low probability

--- 帖子 #229 ---
I have some ideas for indi signal filter: I must have more than 1 candle in between 1 and 2 and 2 and 3 The pull back or rally from 2 to 3 must reach the 31.8 of the 1 to 2 move I wanna from rob to appriciate itemes above to indi parameters change

regards

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Version 7 is a work in progress and I seek to add ideas that may improve it.

I believe it is critical to identify the LL, LH, sequence using fractals.

I have added the fractal zigzag to the chart to help illustrate what I believe are the more important 123 patterns. The fractal zigzag is a guide only, but a useful one.  It is not perfect.

To me, the critical 123 patterns should be based on LL, LH, fractals and I have shown that sequence on the chart. So these particular LL, LH, locations are based on fractals.

I did not add the fractal indicator as it clutters the chart. With a bit of practice you can easily locate fractals on your own and establish the LL, LH, sequence.  Same withe fractal zigzag, the human eye is much better at locating these things, but indicators help with the learning curve.

Price rises to probe the down trend line and then falls back to make a 123 pattern that I identified with black numbers.  Point 3 is a pullback of 50%. The Fibonacci projection (green) is used on my black 1 2 3 (fractal) points to calculate a 161.8 target which is 1.3 pips away from the 50% entry.

Version 7 locates so many nice 123 patterns but if we could have to option of locating 123 based on fractals I think it would add a powerful component.  I believe it could filter out a lot of the confusing situations.

Identifying the LL, LH, sequence on the fractals (and HH, HL, in a bullish trend) is very powerful.

Can it be done with zigzag, fractal zigzag or another way altogether?  I am not a programmer but if it can be done, I think that adding 123 fractals to the method would worth exploring.

My two cents worth.  Please look at the attached chart.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Wondering what is going to happen after seeing this pattern...

--- 帖子 #232 ---
if you ask me today is a chop/flat/news day. it will be interesting to see how the indicator does today.

i would also like to point out that some of us might not want to hear both the sounds, when the price breaks a level and when the sound draws an arrow on the chart. if you ask me about that i would like an option to only hear either or both these sound alerts. if its not much to ask

--- 帖子 #233 ---
actually this is the best time to prove that this indicator really works my friend. ill show the pics later it'll explain itself or you can check my trades today.

rob, can you adjust the dots to appear at least if possible simultaneous with the alarm and without the arrow?

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Please see that post (link above) for details of the V7 beta test.

Here is my analysis of the London session.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Euro bulls finally giving up the fight, chop chop

--- 帖子 #235 ---
I have made changes to the 123PatternsV7 beta code.

Option now exists to show only Bulls or only Bears.

Used when trader has decided market is trending and does not want to see opposing entries.

To hide the Bulls set ShowBulls=False     (eg in a downtrend)

To hide the Bears set ShowBears=False  (eg in an uptrend)

Inserted Code Notes           = "BETA TEST EURUSD M5 Setup"
ShowBears       = True
ShowBulls       = True
ShowStatus      = True
ShowDots        = False
VolFilter       = True
VolMaFast       = 12
VolMaSlow       = 144
Other changes: ZigZag is gone! This is what was causing most of the repaint issues. CCIFilter is disabled, Have not seen much benefit in this filter. Status for time of entry, price of entry, pips moved above/below Status for daily range, average daily range, and DR/ADR ratio Status for ratio of last candle volume compared to average volume See attached file below version 20111214 and the matching template.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Hi robdee and every body

thanks a lot for indi

when we have sell signal in indi(red candle) why indi show blue line(buy line)?

--- 帖子 #237 ---
This is bound to be a really dumb question but then I am IT illiterate - the chart shift triangle doesn't show on your template and I can't work out how to get it there. Chart shift is enabled in the properties.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Welcome handy148, you are right, to make the triangle visible go to Charts.Properties.Colors.Grid and set it to a visible colour.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Hi davidtrader, yes you are correct.

V7 signals show both lines (buy and sell) coming from the body of the signal candle.

The idea here is suppose you have a sell signal and then later price breaks above the buy line. This is a good time to close the short and maybe change to a buy. (instead of just waiting to get stopped out)

Another way to think of the two lines is a sell zone. As long as price does not close above the sell zone then it remains valid. If two candles close above the zone then it is broken - no longer valid.

When this occurs the sell zone often becomes a buy zone. (resistance becomes support)

Hope that answers your question.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #240 ---
With all this focus on V7 and the 5min charts I have been neglecting the big picture. So today I had another good look...

Nothing new really, the same big bearish 123-breaks are still in force.

Not even the big FED surprise could reverse that. They tried, they got all those central banks to agree, the media hype was awesome, and their timing was very good. However, as engineer Scotty reminds the captain, "Ye cannae change the laws of physics!" .

I have tweaked my 30-bar cycle to be slighty more accurate at 31-bars.

These cycles have been reversing on Fridays for the past couple of months.

One reason to keep 123PatternsV6 is because it is useful giving me the easy to read 123 analysis I want on the 4-hour chart.

See below...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Keep clicking on this chart until you see the full size image.

Look out below... first target broken, second target at 1.2730

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Thank you for system, great work.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Interesting theory, will see how it goes ..  My only concern is bullish divergence in oversold area that just created.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Thanks - so easy when you know how.

I notice that the system paints very few candles red or blue - I suppose that's just the nature of the beast.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi every body
why we dont set zigzag depth in 123v7 to 12? if we set zigzag depth=12 some false signal will filter

i ask this question because robdee analyses with zigzag depth 12 in any pic?

--- 帖子 #245 ---
hi rob

Thanks for new verion of 123v7 but I do prefer the first one with the ability to set the zig zag depth have been playing with the zig zag depth and 8 looks really good especially on the higher time frames eg 1hour

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Another 1 hour example depth on 8 easy to see trend consolidation and trend change

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Hi sako, thanks for your feedback. I'm always glad to hear a different point of view. I have been putting so much effort into overcoming ZigZag's repaint issues that I have been overlooking the merits of ZigZag. Yes it does have merits.

Another indicator I have written uses ZigZagDepth=8 and it appears to be a very effective level of filtering. I also agree with what you say about higher TFs that is why I use V6 on 4 hour chart.

The higher the ZigZagDepth number the more little insignificant peaks are filtered out. This allows us to focus our attention on the larger, more significant, more powerful price points.

How much filtering is appropriate?

This is always problematic, some people want to see every possible trade highlighted on their screen. Others are happy seeing only a select few high probability trades. I am in the latter group, so very selective filtering is my usual preference.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #248 ---
hi rob

Im not sure the repaint is much of an issue when you have an area of interest say on the 1hour frame just drop down to a lower time frame eg 15 min or 5 min to refine your entry it would soon be come clear whether that point of interest on the say 1hour is going to go the way you want

I have been trying to see how much the indy repaints on 1min to see if it is a problem

does it repaint often or  is it only occassionally you have a better idea

From what i can see at the moment it looks pretty good rob

--- 帖子 #249 ---
This happens when I release Beta code.

People ask me, why are you still using the old version ?Answer: I have been using the old version for a long time, I know it works.
Answer: The new beta code is for testing only. It needs to be tested over a period of 2-3 months. It is just a development tool for new ideas. It is like playing with stuff to see how it works. I do like the look of it but I am not very confident about it.
Are you wondering which version to use V6 or V7 ?

Keep in mind that V7 is beta test only, I have no idea how  consistent it will be over the long term. The focus of V7 is on early  aggressive entries (before the break of 2) so this is not really following strict 123-break  methodology.

V7 seems to fit the last few days of price action by  passing a large number of potential entries through a series of  filtering rules. It seems to fit because I made it fit. Only a few of those many potential entries make it  through the filters and are displayed. (If you want to visualise this  filtering set ShowDots=True). Now we need to wait and see if it continues to perform without me doing any more fitting.

V6 is my tried and tested old faithful 123-break indicator that  has been around for more than a year. You can control the level of  filtering with ZigZagDepth and if you can put up with a few ZZ repaint issues  then it will suit many applications.

Final note, if you cannot clearly identify 1 then 2 then 3 with 2  pointing in the direction of the trade then it is not 123 analysis, it  is something else.

Hope that helps. I get frustrated when I post Beta test code and some people start treating it like a production release.

Maybe I should call it Alpha code for testing, I don't know.

Anyway, enough said.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Thanks for your reply

Just to clarify I like this 123v7 first version for the reasons Ive posted.I am really impressed with what you have done and iam trying to learn as much as i can from this thread . From other threads I see a lot of people knocking indicators because they repaint and they throw the baby out with the bath water this is not a perfect game and there will never be a perfect indicator

but what you have developed here is really something i like a lot. This 123 indy is new to me and Im trying to get to grip with the boundries of how it may be useful and share any positive results thanks for your effort and sharing rob

--- 帖子 #251 ---
What are these numbers in yellow box?

--- 帖子 #252 ---
David, those are OHLC prices for the current candle.

OHLC means open high low close.

See this page for an explanation of OHLC candles.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
hello everyone, here are some decent trades according to me. just pointing them out. zigzag is set to 1.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Hi Robdee,

Just voted after I finished the 17 pages, this is great  Will try to keep track.

pbb

--- 帖子 #255 ---
From a visual perspective it gives confidence in the trend and where it may be finishing. Hope the charts are self explanatory 5min chart then 1min chart of the move

--- 帖子 #256 ---
EURUSD

London started with a tricky bullish pullback lasting 2 hours.

All had calmed down by 10:30 with a continuation of the downtrend.

V6 based fibo targets worked as expected. Day's low hit at 16:00.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Following that period of choppy consolidation I experimented with stop hunting. Today I shifted the lowest buy zone down 25 pips and the highest sell zone up 25 pips to observe stop hunters. This is shown above.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #257 ---
so can i ask you robdee, how did you trade that? or did you? or?

--- 帖子 #258 ---
The only trade I took (on this system) was 10:30 gmt short. Bearish trend too strong to look at longs imo.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
got it. thats the first short signal in 123's there if you look at the top before. im with ya

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Put the latest version of 123v7 on to see how it worked around the breakout in the post 225 I did.

Worked well

Great being able to turn bulls and bears off keeps chart clean when looking for the entry

This is looking promising Rob but as you say give it the test of time

PS Have both 123v7 indicators on chart first for the zigzag 8 setting second version 123v7 for testing entries

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Hi rob

What determines the length of the horizontal lines blue and red from the candle some are short and some are long

Hope this hasnt already been answered

--- 帖子 #262 ---
The lines keep printing until a new signal prints, the new signal then 'takes over' the lines at the new level.

Sometimes I will draw a rectangle to extend out the zone further to see what happens later on.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
hi,

please show me bearish 1,2,3 points in this box?

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Just playing around with this in demo

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Hi Jurn_e,

I see you use a fixed target (like I''ve seen you doing before in another thread), do you also use a fixed stop in testing?

pbb

--- 帖子 #266 ---
hi

do u set SL=10 and TP=10?

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Maybe the high low of the second leg (3) will do?

pbb

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Nope. I don't have a fix stop.

We can discuss it in the other thread on stops.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
OK, can discuss it there. Let me just share yesterday's session (around London opening). Normally I woudn't trade a 1:1 or lower RR and the question in the long run is: what is the hitratio/reliability for this 123pattern. I've seen chart examples for larger swing trades using fibo, I see you using your favorite 10pips and for me the stoploss is important and in that sense also the RR. I usually pick the last swing h/l for my SL... In the attached picture the SL (red) and Target (green) are set 1:1. Sure, yesterday was a nice chart to pick and what would we do with reversing signals, close and reverse?

I like this 123pattern in combination with the aggressive v7. Will demo it for now. Thanks again rob!

--- 帖子 #270 ---
I like this system very much - I'm using v6 and v7 beta.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
EURUSD

Before London, Asia found support along 1.2980   (50 fibo)

London Open picked up the bullish push at 1.3000

This lasted only 1/2 an hour reversing at 1.3035    (fibo target)
Four hours of battle found support on 1.2990     (another 50 fibo)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I did not have confidence in the bulls.

I found two small bearish 123-breaks that I could sell with V7 (called 'sell' above).

--- 帖子 #272 ---
My chart is a bit different to yours - different broker perhaps but I have a red candle followed immediately by a blue sempahore 3 which I don't see on your chart.

http://i42.tinypic.com/xqmbsy.jpg

--- 帖子 #273 ---
hello robdee. nice system. were there some longs there? it was a positive session for euro

are you waiting for the break of 2 low, or going in a bit earlier with better risk reward

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Hey Rob,

Thanks for your efforts I´m following this thread since the beginning.

I would like to suggest you to put a vouch filter on it to avoid the noise, it seems like a lot of people just don´t get that this is about testing an Indicator. Not sharing a system.

Cheers.

Red.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
hi musashi, actually counter trend rallies are noted for their ferocity and speed, as well as catching those short very well. counter trend rallies can be the most powerful of all moves in the financial market.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Hi handy, the (3) dots show me you are using the original V7 beta. That original used zigzagdepth=1, a cci filter, and (3) dots. That older version can be found in post #202.

The newer heavily modified version (no zigzag, no cci filter, no (3) dots) can be found in post #235.

I think that explains the difference in our charts.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Welcome Halba, good questions, yes I agree there are longs, if I had more confidence in the bulls I would have been buying right on the 50 fibos. I use V6 dots to draw the fibos from point 1 to 2. I then look for price action to show respect to the 50 fibo.

With V7 beta there will be times when the entry shows before the break of 2. That is OK, that is how it is designed. Just need to make sure that all three points are visible 1 2 3, then V7 painted candle, enter the trade. It is also OK if the entry appears after the break of 2. The R:R will not be quite so good but it is still a valid entry imo.

I gave up trying to get the indicator to number the dots because there is so much overlap, bulls vs bears, and true vs distorted. This means it is actually better for the operator to figure out where the 123 price points are. I label them manually as the intraday chart unfolds. V6 gives a good hint because it drops coloured dots on the more obvious 123s.

Hope that helps. Trade well.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Hi rodbee and every body

you allow point 2 break and retrace to fibo 50 and then inter or before 2 point break u input in point 3(fibo 50)?

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Thanks for that.

One thing I noticed this morning (just now in fact) is that a short red line suddenly extended across 4 further candles and a red down arrow appeared 4 candles back.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Is this analyse correct?

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Hi David, your chart looks good.

Nice to see someone (other than me) using fibo targets.

See my analysis below (using V6 only).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Robdee

--- 帖子 #282 ---
hi

thanks rodbee for your nice notice

you write in pic 'place sell order in level fibo 50'

i place sell after break 2 point in 50 fibo or befor break point 2 in 50 fibo level(when 123 pattern not confirm compeletly)?

please show your input time in fibo 50 with vertical line in pic

king regards

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Nice to see V7 nailed the 2b reject of 3040.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Option 1 (more safe) 1 2 3 break (red arrow) draw fibo 1-2 now place order on 50 fibo  Option 2 (safe) 1 2 3 (no wait for break) draw fibo 1-2 wait for Vantage signal candle (small wick) now place order on 50 fibo  Option 3 (more risk) 1 2 (no wait for 3) draw fibo 1-2  now place order on 50 fibo Note: 123PatternsV6 will not show the 123 dots until the break has happened. So either you find your own 123's (eg with ZigZag) or you wait for the break. V6 makes Option 1 easy.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
thanks alot rodbee you write nice and i learn much things from you

Is blue text above right or not?

--- 帖子 #286 ---
I prefer to see a candle rejecting 3 point and closing with little/no wick in direction of trade.

Rob highlighted the 2b's perfectly rejecting the R level 3040 and the D pivot/round number 3000. Very interesting.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
hi

1-what time we draw 2th fibo(2th 123 pattern)? when target 2 hitted or ...?

because we have some times several 123 pattern in chart for examples we have 2 bearish 123 patterns today

2- what time we BE order? when target 1 hitted or ...?

--- 帖子 #288 ---
I like your work Rob!

Excuse my stupidity but could someone point out the 123 setup in the marked candle on my chart?

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Rob appears to have programmed the 2b reversal (just google it), between v7 and v6 we seem to be nailing these turns.

Rob I really still like a lot of the v6 signals.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Welcome grovnus, you might be able to see a 123 on your chart if you set ShowDots=true. V7 beta is focused on aggressive entries.

This means that by design it does not wait for a valid 123.

If you cannot find any 123 then you may decide not to trade that signal.
This is what I was writing about in my reply to Halba see post #277.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #291 ---
This chart illustrates the use of fibos drawn correctly from 1-2.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please click on the chart multiple times until you see the full size image.

These fibos provide consistent entry and exit targets.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
next time you are tinkering with the indi's could we please have an option to have a bolder arrow (I think there are 6 options in MT4 for this). Thanks

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Great post...

Thanks!!!

--- 帖子 #294 ---
i also like the signal that v6 generate but my problem is, its a bit late entry for me, also we need a filter for this on the higher timeframe coz there are times that it gives false entry signal. but the early warning alarm works fine it does its job well. if the alarm is triggered i immediatly pull the FE and watch for the candles to close above or below the base C, or point no.3. then i pull the trigger to enter the market.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Hello handy148,

Arrow colours and size are set in the indicator properties dialog...

Attached Image

Options 4 and 5 represent the arrows

Options 6 and 7 represent the dots

--- 帖子 #296 ---
If you are already using 123PatternsV7 then you may be interested in this..

123AlarmsV7 Immediately after 123PatternsV7 paints a signal, 123AlarmsV7 plays a WAV file. There are options to show popups or send email messages.  This alarm system requires that 123PatternsV7 is installed. See post #235. Here is the code... (see MQ4 file attached at end of post for download)

Inserted Code //+-----------------------------------------------------------+
//| MT4 CUSTOM INDICATOR                     123AlarmsV7.MQ4  |
//| copy to [experts\indicators] and recompile or restart MT4 |
//+-----------------------------------------------------------+
//| Free software for personal non-commercial use only.       |
//| No guarantees are expressed or implied.                   |
//| Feedback welcome via Forex Factory private message.       |
//+-----------------------------------------------------------+
#property copyright "Copyright © 2011 Robert Dee"
#property link      "www.forexfactory.com/robdee"

#define INDICATOR_VERSION    20111217       // VERSION 1 - compatible with 123PatternsV7 indicator only
#define INDICATOR_NAME       "123AlarmsV7"
#define RELEASE_LEVEL        "Public"
#define MT4_BUILD            409

#property indicator_chart_window

extern string Notes           = "Alarms for 123PatternsV7";
extern string AlarmSound      = "symbol";  // WAV files must be in MT4\sounds folder, set to "symbol" to use audusd.wav etc.
extern int    AlarmRepeat     = 6;         // number of times to repeat the sound
extern int    AlarmDelay      = 10;        // delay in seconds before repeating the sound
extern bool   AlarmPopup      = True;      // true means popup is enable, pops once per alarm
extern bool   AlarmEmail      = True;      // true means email is enable, email once per alarm

int      alarmcount;
double   alarmprice, emailprice;
datetime alarmtime, lastsoundtime, lastcandletime;

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Custom indicator initialization function                         |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
int init()
{
if(AlarmSound == "symbol") AlarmSound = Symbol()+".wav";
} // end of init()

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| AlarmArrows() process the alarms based on indicator arrows only
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
void AlarmArrows(double buysig, double sellsig)
{
string msg;

// BUY SIGNAL
if(buysig != EMPTY_VALUE && sellsig != EMPTY_VALUE)
while(buysig > sellsig)
{
msg = Symbol()+" BUY "+TimeToStr(Time[0],TIME_MINUTES)+" "+DoubleToStr(Close[1],Digits);
if(AlarmPopup == True && alarmprice != Close[1]) {Alert(msg); alarmprice = Close[1];}
if(AlarmEmail == True && emailprice != Close[1]) {SendMail(msg,msg); emailprice = Close[1];}
// sounds
if(alarmcount >= AlarmRepeat) break;                 // do no more
if(TimeCurrent() < lastsoundtime+AlarmDelay) break;  // do no more
PlaySound(AlarmSound);
lastsoundtime = TimeCurrent();
alarmtime = Time[0];
alarmcount++;
break;
}

// SELL SIGNAL
if(buysig != EMPTY_VALUE && sellsig != EMPTY_VALUE)
while(sellsig > buysig)
{
msg = Symbol()+" SELL "+TimeToStr(Time[0],TIME_MINUTES)+" "+DoubleToStr(Close[1],Digits);
if(AlarmPopup == True && alarmprice != Close[1]) {Alert(msg); alarmprice = Close[1];}
if(AlarmEmail == True && emailprice != Close[1]) {SendMail(msg,msg); emailprice = Close[1];}
// sounds
if(alarmcount >= AlarmRepeat) break;                 // do no more
if(TimeCurrent() < lastsoundtime+AlarmDelay) break;  // do no more
PlaySound(AlarmSound);
lastsoundtime = TimeCurrent();
alarmtime = Time[0];
alarmcount++;
break;
}

return;
} // end of AlarmArrows()

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Custom indicator iteration function                              |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
int start()
{
double buysig = iCustom(NULL,0,"123PatternsV7",2,1);   // use value from last closed candle (shift=1)
double sellsig = iCustom(NULL,0,"123PatternsV7",3,1);  // use value from last closed candle (shift=1)

AlarmArrows(buysig, sellsig);

return(0);
}// end of start()
123AlarmsV7 indicator

All my indicators are free for personal non-commercial use.

All I ask is that my copyright is respected.

Private messages are the best way to send feedback to  me about the  indicator. I don't want this thread to become a indicator  support forum thanks.

123Alarms must be in the active profile to be processed and  trigger the alarm.

Three WAV files in sounds.zip are extracted to MT4\\sounds  folder, you can also make your own WAV files but they must be saved in this  folder. Download sounds.zip from post #1224

--- 帖子 #297 ---
http://www.sierrachart.com/userimage...4126025615.pngjust one idea

i build a custom ZZ custom 123

see yellow line

it use the folowing logic

high=low=EQUILIB

if candel + EQUILIB = (OPEN + HIGH)/2

if candel -EQUILIB = (OPEN+LOW)/2

normal zz is purple line

settings are same for both zz

do u think it improves ur system ???

regards

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Hi mate,

Can you tell me what is printing the dots, and is it repainting, market is closed so I cannot check what it is doing.

Is it similar to fractal in some ways?

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Hi, been following this thread for a while now. Just sucking in all that info like a sponge.

Robdee, I know you said this ain´t no support thread to the indi.

I´m yet not allowed to send pm. So I apologize for this post.

My question is why or how you determinate where to draw the fibo in the picture at post #291

When I look at the pic it all seems great with bounce att fibo 50 and everything.

But its a already printed chart. How about when its live. ( with other words, how to predict the future  )

Why not choose point 2 earlier or later?

Se attached pic.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
I would say, it depends the depth of the ZZ ?

It's always harder to see verify this after the chart was drawn as hi-lows always move.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Welcome Zeb_Sailor, yes that is the question!

They are all valid 123's, so which one is the right one for drawing the fibo.

As you say, while the structure unfolds (live in real time) it is not easy. We should keep an open mind and keep updating our fibo when new price points appear. It becomes a bit of an 'art form' which neither I nor my maths based indicators have mastered yet.

First the ideal setup

1-2-3-break (all four steps visible)

NOW draw fibo from 1-2 and look for retrace to 50%

If a good reaction to 50% (no candles close below it)

then I have high confidence in reaching 210% and 380% targets

Observe reaction to first target

If price action breaks through easily (complete candles on the other side)

then it makes sense to hold on for second target

Second the non-ideal setup

1-2 (only two steps visible)

now draw fibo from 1-2 and look for retrace to 50%

(same sequence as above)

Use a ZigZag or fractals indicator (or 123PatternsV6) if you need help spotting the price points.

Hope that helps.

Robdee

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Thanks for the answer Robdee,

In other words I need to take more "artclasses" to get the right feeling/touch

( or a crystal ball )  ;p

Untill then I´ll stick to the 'ideal setup' and simultaneously try to improve my skills in "painting"

Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us!

I´ll keep watching this thread.

--- 帖子 #303 ---
EURUSD

Asia had a bullish run then London opened near 50% fibo.

7:50 Buy signal (near price point 3) failed to reach first target.

Resistance found inside previous day sell zone.

14:00 Sell signal (near price point 3) eventually broke through first bearish target.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see price is just chopping sideways, no trend visible.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
hi

why in my chart indi dont show buy signal candle

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Your broker is sending you a little bit different price and volume data compared to my broker. I use IBFX demo for my charts. This is the best MT4 data feed in my opinion. See my previous post on this topic post #2078.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
hi, thanks for nice notic rodbee

in this pic price break fibo level 100 but dont retrace to buy zone or fibo level 50 and there for we dont inter(Option 1 (more safe)) to trade but by option 2 and 3 of entry we could trade for this nice move

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Thought I would share this chart.Drew blue and red trend lines basically through the centre of the green and mag dots from 123v7 version 1 indy

Then looked for 123 breakout of the trend.Picked up both changes of the trend

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Has the beta 7.1 been removed ??

--- 帖子 #309 ---
hi  as far as i know it is the one on post 202

--- 帖子 #310 ---
EURUSD

Bulls continued a push into overbought territory.

Reactions to targets suggest profit taking + bearish interest.

I'm not drawing conclusions from what I see as essentially low volume end of year holiday trading.

In other words 'a mess'.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am taking note that the first V7 signal of the day (any day) is not reliable.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
hi every body

thanks alot rodbee for nice thread

zigzag depth in 123 v7(2) are 12 ?

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Hello davidtrader

V7 beta1 uses zigzag.

V7 beta2 uses no zigzag.

I wrote my own fractal code instead of zigzag.

If you want to see the price points set ShowDots=true.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
---------------------------

if we filter the fractal with type of candel does it add value ????

candel -  &  blue dot

candel + & red dot

seasons greetings to all !

--- 帖子 #314 ---
the 50 pct level not ok at 100 pct

--- 帖子 #315 ---
I'm still enjoying the multiple entries that v6 gives. With 2 shooting stars on daily at what appears to be a sell zone I would have been focused on sells at break of 2 point or earlier if possible.

Rob is it time to set up ea's that can be demo'd?

--- 帖子 #316 ---
hi my friend thanks for the great thread can you brief the thread on how to use this indicator , i tried to read all the thread posts but i couldn't get it, i am talking about the last version 7

thank you

--- 帖子 #317 ---
hello and welcome to the thread.

as i understand it this is how to use the version 7 of the indicator, and the alarm.

put the following on a chart:

123v7

123v7alarm

zigzag set to depth 1

now, whenever you get the alarm (the popup and/or the blue/red candle) you take a position if it is in conjunction with the current and ongoing trend, as per taking into consideration how to see the swingpoints and direction of 123s.

i hope this helps somewhat.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
thank you man that would help and we know the direction of the trend by looking at MAs crossover when ever 12 ma crossover 144 ma ... right ?

--- 帖子 #319 ---
I am a little bit confused here.

From robdee's live performance in myfxbook, it looks like this is not a successful trading system.

Why still got so high rate? Is there anything I missed?

--- 帖子 #320 ---
--------------------------------------------

think a system is a system

finance is worst faster then pc....pc are obsolete in 3 months time

if system works in finance = every body follow and  its dead in one week !

-----------------------------

seasons greeting to all !!!!

--- 帖子 #321 ---
hhhh if you looked carefully you would see that this journal has nothing to do with this post just look in positions dates

--- 帖子 #322 ---
You better whises the strategy keep doing that dunkin to the barrell  bottom , it a holly graill ( if you see   ) . But 123 is one of the oldest trading stratgy like to see it develope at the canvensional ways not the reverce ways

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Ultimately 123 is an attempt to use the Elliot Wave structure and could really be numbered zero, one, two, to make it compatible.

We should start at fractal zero.

We have a wave to a fractal at one.

A wave back to another (opposite style)  fractal at two.

Then we try to catch the third wave ... if price moves past one again.

We only know for sure that a third wave  is in progress, when price breaks past the fractal at one.

However, we can gain extra pips if we make an act of faith and enter between one and two and are then correct about a pending break, past one, taking us into Elliott wave three.

(Different strategies for entering between one and two could probably take up their own thread; Fibonacci ratios, reversal candle patterns and spread cost calculations being being amongst them.)

Maybe this is a chance to rename the traditional 123 to zero one two.    It would certainly clarify what this is versus what the conventional 123 was and also integrate it seamlessly into the Elliott Wave.

Elliott Wave is a tough subject, but parts of it are easy enough to use. Renaming 123 to 012 would somewhat harmonize the two where they overlap and take advantage of the knowledge available in both camps.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #325 ---
here this morning bullish signal failled

..........................

stop loss not easy to manage ..

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Hi Rob

A comparison between v6 and 7. 7 does a great job today after the eur rejected Y's high.

I have added 8 lwma just to show my old fall back of an open/close above/below in trend is a good trade often enough in itself. the entries around 2983 and 2945 shown perfectly.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Just showing a chart with those moves highlighted.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Happy New Year

Only during previous two days can I see proper trading volume and sensible patterns.

That is 4th and 5th January. Before that is just a mess.

EURUSD pullback from point 2 at 1.2909 London Open above 50% fibo at 1.2932 V7 sell signal follows point 3 65 pips to first target 140 pips to second target
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Click this chart to see the full size image.

Conclusion: Today was another good example of waiting for 1 2 3 to form against a 50 fibo.

When London forms point 3 near 50 fibo this is a sensible pattern.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
I must say I am glad that NFP week is over.

This usually means we can settle down for the next three weeks with some sensible trading patterns.

EURUSD

London bulls "paddled against the current" stalling near 1.28

A small bearish 123 formed at that level

The 50 fibo (1.28) rejected one hour before NFP news

Overall drop for day was 1.28 to 1.27

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Conclusion: Don't be fooled by London pushing against the trend

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Ok, a slightly different approach. Not using the larger fibo targets and filtering the trades using the v7-dots. No other indicators attached, plain v7. Besides that, I think one should make sure which sessions to trade.

I was looking at the thread again last week after being of for a while. Mid december I posted some charts with the first v7 release. During the holidays I have looked at it again, but as movement and liquidity is poor and unreliable, any outcome during this period should be neglected. So, last week I started things up again with the current v7 version and today I decided to give it a shut.

I like to draw lines, simple lines from dot to dot, fractal to fractal (not using fractals myself) or using Demark lines (in most trading I use this). This will filter a lot of signals out. As Robdee said in this thread that (about the v6 arrows) not all arrows should be seen as direct trade signals, but that they should be filtered.

As we can choose to display the dots in v7, I use this for drawing lines. For an up-line (breaking down): connect the last/current blue dot with the prior blue dot that was below the current blue dot (just as TD-lines, Demark). The other way around for down-lines.

Now I need my aggressive 123pattern signal to close below/above the trendline break. This means AFTER the break, within a few candles. When a signal comes first, then followed by a trendline break and I still can get in, I won't. First the break, then the signal (the signal candle can break the line as well). Stop is at the last dot high/low (=+spread). Target is at R:R:1. This is not an ideal situation in most systems, but.... As it's the aggressive version, the goal is to grab this instant movement, collect some pips and get out. In my other trading I use a more conservative RR, I am not a gambler! In another thread I have learned that jurn_e makes a nice return by doing just so, collecting short run's. For this aggressive version I think such an approach could work.

I made my first live trade this morning. In the chart it’s the second trade that I marked. The first one I missed. The first trade gave me a nice 11pip, now see what happens in the coming week. Will keep you posted.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
very interesting pbb, i have done a lot of back testing and thinking during the holidays and come to the conclusion that the signals given by the 123v7 work very nicely if used in conjunction with divergence. i keep a macd and slow stochastic on my charts because of this.

edit: picture

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Robdee

I am very familiar with the 123 pattern

I installed your indicator (version 7) on todays EURUSD (5 minute chart)

Around 8:40am EST (NY time) the indi drew a bullish bar and the two lines

See image

I do not see the 123 pattern

I like it that your indicator gave the signal, but I want to understand its "thinking"

--- 帖子 #333 ---
pgpb,

On his posts 202 & 235, he explains that v.7 is for aggressive entries - unlike the 123 of v.6.  I hope this helps a bit.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Thanks JoeyD

based on your suggestion I surfed back to those posts....that helps.

Also post number 197 helps as well.

Best wishes

PGPB

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Hi,

I hope Rob is just on holidays

and this thread is not dead.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Anyone can make simple ea based on 123patternsv7?sell when red dot appear and buy when blue dot appear.

I tried it manually with 15m looks really accurate to me

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Hi everyone, I have been focusing on my univeristy studies and work, so trading is a low priority. Quite refreshing actually to take a break from it after years of studying the markets.

Looking at yesterday's London session I see that my very favourite setup was there very plain to see. Now I just need to catch those ideal setups as they happen!

EURUSD

London Open forms point 3 on 50% fibo (ideal)

Wait for V7 buy zone to form

+80 pips to first fibo target

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Real thx for your great work.

Your V6 gave me a great idea.

Wish the bests

Shahrooz

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Hi everybody,

Thanks a lot Rob for this great thread.

Is there any chance to get the 123PaternsV7 & 123AlarmsV7 indicators for NinjaTrader ?

Have a nice day.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Hello all!

I've installed both 123PaternsV6 and 123PaternsV7 on the same M5 chart and I like signals they produce.

But I've found that 123PaternsV7 does not update along with prices flow.

I mean that when initialized it shows signals and that's it.

While 123PaternsV6 does process new bars as they arrive, 123PaternsV7 does not.

How can this be fixed?

Thanks!

PS.  I set VolFilter = False. Maybe this has caused the problem.

I found that with VolFilter = False the indicator shows better signals (for me).

Also I do not trust Volume values in the forex market.

Since they are just ticks density, not real contracts volume.

Thus if some banks fill multimillion contracts there will be few ticks ("volumes") but a huge price shift.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
kumusta Rob?

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Hi Robdee!

I have been  studying forex trading for some months and  doing practice trades  on a few systems available in FF. I find 123 Patterns system is interesting and viable. Your team efforts in getting the system improved and fine-tuned and in  helping others is really praisworthy. At the moment I'm going thro' the key thread posts. Many thanks

Nimal

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Hi Robdee!

Please consider to upgrade the indicator in the following way:

...

extern bool   ShowComment     = True;

...

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| Custom indicator iteration function                              |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int start()

{

// REDRAW ONLY ONE TIME PER CANDLE

if (redrawtime == Time[0])  // if already redrawn on this candle then do no more

{

if (ShowComment) // IF USER WANTS COMMENT

StatusMessage();

return(0);

} // if already redrawn on this candle then do no more

else redrawtime = Time[0];    // remember when the indicator was redrawn

...

// update the status display

if (ShowComment)

StatusMessage();

}// end of start()

...

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #344 ---
---------------------

is the volfilter compulsory ??

thanks

--- 帖子 #345 ---
--------------------------------------

regards

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Guys trying to trade 123 s is dead, ok you may get the odd good run but today's market is all about stop hunting, evolve and survive.

I use to trade cubbys old 123 whilst reasonably good at the time try to trade it now and you'll see, not a critisism just observation.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
dear sirs i have 123v7 b ut no arrrows whats wrong?

--- 帖子 #348 ---
depends on your timeframe and how tight your stops are....if you are on 1hr or higher and willing to risk at least 50 pips - aint nothing wrong with it and risk to reward ratio is intact.

now if you are trying to trade it on 5 min - you are experiencing some serious churn right about now.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Good day Robdee

I've been following your thread for sometime now and I find your concept of 1-2-3 pattern trading very interesting.

What actually catch my attention the most is your circle bars. I have always been fascinated by cycles in the financial market.

Do you mind sharing the cycle bar that shows date at key turning point with me. I will like to study it and probably add my idea to it and make it better.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Hello

is that this indicator is multi time frame (MTF) or only 5 minutes ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Hi RobDee, sorry for my poor english, I'm calling from Brasil.

I love your 123Pattern.

Is it possible inform which is the best indicator to work together with 123PatternV6?

Thanks,

Sergio Bentes

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Hi, RobDee;

First of all, Happy new year, and merry Christmas to you (If you are celebrating); also happy holiday.

you done a great job on the 123 pattern indicator. I am running simulation, which is very profitable.

Well, little bit more to ask, as I am not good at counting 123; if you can add in the 123 numbers, and arrow (As V6), it will be much more helpful for people like me.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
It is very nice to combine 123Paterns with Zigzag indicator; but while working with the standard ZigZag, proposed by MetaQuotes, I have found some errors. The main problem is that it doesn't proceed the case of the outside bar properly. At first, i just want to initiate a new post to talk about the errors and optimization of Zigzag indicator. but I am only a junior number which is not authorized to do that by FF. I don't know if someone else found the Zigzag had some paradox inherent in its plotting as me. By the way, could anyone tell me how to be a certified member of FF?  thanks.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
+50 +13 +20 +18 +BE +35 +16 +25 = 177 pips on EU today. First signal I missed. 2nd signal I reversed because it was to close to the fibo and MA. The 3rd signal I reversed because it did not agree with my filters. The BE I closed because it was against my filters and in hindsight I should not have taken it.

Nice Indi RobDee, I use the 123 reversal everyday in my trading, have done for years. But there is no doubt that this works very well provided a good filter is used, I use the TDI and stochastics from the TMS method along with Fibos and the 50 and 200EMA.

The second chart I have marked up with the 123s as I saw them. matches up pretty well.

Thanks Robdee. Shame the thread died.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Here is one in progress. SL is at B/E so it can do what it wants. But this Indi does work if you know how to filter it.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Would you look at that! Just kissed the TP but didn´t fill it. I´ll leave it see if it squeezes down another couple of pips. Although the Oscillators are showing a potential turn back up.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
That´s number 3 in the bank. +20 +25 +20 = +65 pips today so far.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Nice trading dee50. Can you please explain how you use your additional indicators as a filter?

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Last one for today +20pips. Didn´t take the signal straight away because of the news. Used the 100% expansion for the TP.

txfx. It is not rocket science, put the Oscillators on a chart then mark the signals with a vertical line. Do the oscillators agree with the signal. Is there divergence. Does everything agree, if not then pass and wait for the next one. Look at the first signal, LH edge of the shaded area, BRN very near, Oscillators in OS and possible Bullish Divergence, is this a good short signal? Just repeat this exercise for each signal. It significantly reduces the number of losers.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
INCREDIBLY nice indicator for visualizing some stuff to the blind....

Mind elaborating on your method dee50?

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Thank you very much! Will give it a try.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Can someone please post a working version of the V6 indi - I have it in archives but for some reason it doesn't work. I have the V7 and that works.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
this is from post number 1 works just fine.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Strange - doesn't work for me at all.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
here is both the .ex4 and the mq4 files, let me know if they work, they work fine for me

--- 帖子 #366 ---
EU short +25pips Long +90 pips = 115pips today using 123patternsV6

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Hello dee50, I am very impress with your exits. Your are squeezing out almost all if not all pips out of each trade. You are exiting at the end of

each move. Could you tell me how you figure out those exits?

To wish you lots of pips, would be redundant because you are getting them all.

Love your charts, keep them coming please.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Thanks for sending but still doesn't work for me. Don't know why cos it used to. C'est La Vie.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Let the chart tell you where price is going, Looking Left, will give you clues. But if in doubt, 123 patterns follow Market Harmonics CD = AB.

I also use the premise that if price pulls back (Leg 2 - 3) to 38% Fib then it is likely the expansion will reach the 161.8% Expansion unless there is something bigger in the way like a major S&R Level, like wise the pullback to the 50% Fib is likely to expand to the 127% Expansion.

I have attached 2 charts for todays trades, they should make it more obvious.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
dee50, thank you for taking the time to explain your exits. I will glue those charts next to my computer, they are worth their price in gold.

One more thing, Is HTF S&R = Higher Time Frame S&R, and BRN = Big Round Number?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Found out why it didn't work - cos I didn't have ZigZag in my indi list.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
dee50 - what do the smaller arrows on your chart represent?

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Yes, Correct

--- 帖子 #374 ---
They are part of the Trading Made Simple method and show when the Green Line crosses the Red line on the TDI indicator. They are a little sensitive and sometimes show when the lines just touch rather than cross, so you always have to check visually. On the larger TFs they would actually signify a Trade entry point.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
EU +62 +90 = 152 pips today.

I prefer V6. V7 works well but some how V6 seems to be a little better.

Is no one else trading this method??

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Im trading kind of this method, but without fibs or oscillators, just price action and also on m1. i  love the v6 indicator definitely...

--- 帖子 #377 ---
hi dee50,

I like your method very much. could you please kindly share your indicators and template.

thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
I am going to do you a big favor and Not give you my Method and template. Why?

My "Method" uses primarily Analysis of PA, S&R levels, Oscillators and the 123patternV6 indi, in that order, my method is not a Mechanical Entry Method, far from it.

If you are not yet familiar with the 123 concept. There is no support on this thread, no one to explain it, with out that you would be wasting your time.

I would recommend that you stay with the Genesis Method as there is plenty of experience there to help you.

I know the sight of many pip wins is alluring but it has taken me 7 years to get to this point. No one method on it´s own will achieve that for you.

Hope you take this for how it is meant.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Very good answer dee!  it is so true and so much to learn to make it work for you.  I think I got an idea of what your doing from some of your pics but I've been working on this stuff for many many years also, lol.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Hola dee50;

Creo que el no te ha pedido, las reglas de tú estrategia, solamente los indicadores  y la plantilla que utilizas .

Creo que hay que ser un poco más comprensivo.

Un saludo.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
There is always one. If it is that important, the indicators are clearly visible on the chart. good luck.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
hi dee50,

thanks for the answer. I did not asked about your method, I just asked for the indicators. Could you please post the indi names or the template only and I can find out the names.

thansk

--- 帖子 #383 ---
On the chart.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
thanks for the answer mate. just keep posting your trades please, we can learn a lot about them.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Lots of sense in your response.  There is not lot of traffic in this thread, and because I am weird,  I like it. Since I saw your first post here, I saw the value in

your charts.  My big request to you is, please keep posting your charts, there is so much to learn from them. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
These should help.

1. 123 Chart Pattern + Fib expansion. Sunil Mangwani. Concentrates on the 123 Reversal Pattern. My Favorite for the most pips.

2. 123system. Mark Crisp. His emphasis is on the HTFs and stocks but the concept translates to the LTFs and Forex very easily.

3. TTE Traders Trick Entry. Joe Ross. Earlier entry on the 123, but use with caution. Great in a trending market but can rip your pants off and throw you to the ground in a Ranging market.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
This is what is on my chart. There is also a standard Moving Average EMA 200 and stochastics 8,3,3. Should all load with the template.

I am currently testing with the EMA on 20 and the TDI red line removed showing just the Green and Yellow and the volatility Bands.

For those not familiar, the Synergy APB candles are Hieken Ashi candles. I compiled a couple of PDFs for another thread about these, if I can find them I will post them here to explain their use.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
hey Dee50

What time frame do you monitor for 123 set ups?

1 minute charts?  5 minute charts? both?

thanks!

PGPB

--- 帖子 #389 ---
5 minute, 15 minute, 1 hour. Too many false signals on the 1 minute and until I can work out a better filter I am leaving it alone.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Found those PDFs about the Heiken Ashi Candles.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
good work dee50

keep it & have a good day

nice technique monitoring from the pig boss 1 hr +4hr

safety trading for all

Amir

--- 帖子 #392 ---
These reports are worth their weight in rich mineral ores. Compiled by a team of professional analysts who are responsible for millions of dollars every day. And the best is, they are free and not often wrong. Available every day just prior to European open.

Here is the link for the site. Look in the LH Index for FORECASTS. Then the RH index FX FORECASTS

http://www-2.danskebank.com/danskeresearch

--- 帖子 #393 ---
EU +45pips news related but taken on the 123. Support confirmed by Trend Line see chart 2. TP was 100% Expansion because it was a news related trade. Notice how the TDI and Stochs were OB confirming Profit Target. A second trade may shape up later.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
EU +45 +43 = 88 pips for today. That´s me finished. second trade did materialize as expected

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Dee50, many thanks for your recent posts! I'm using a slightly different approach but the last EU (5m) long was sweeeet!  (+94).

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Thanks posting, it is good to see someone else s charts, another perspective. What a great trade you had, gongrats, you held onto that really well and picked up first prize.

You will be needing one of these to go to the bank

--- 帖子 #397 ---
..i trade from London Open but was too late to the charts this morning to trade this EU short (5m). Counter this week's trend but a setup's a setup!

...and here's a warning signal for the exit, nearly a 123 reversal so stops would have been moved just above '2'. Need to be more vigilant on counter trend setups.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
For those of you with regular day jobs, who have difficulty trading the lower TFs have a look at the HTFs. Here are Daily and 4 Hr charts. The 123 concept works on any TF and the rules and target expectations remain the same. How many pips can you see on these charts. Most of them would be gained whilst you were at work or even asleep. Just remember you need to use a good Money Management technique and/or a good Money Manager EA.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Confirmation of the Reversal off the Low of the Day. Rejection from the 38.2% Fibo and a failure of a second attempt at the low of the day and Hidden Divergence Confirm what sidefx was saying, the 123 gave an early indication of the change the rest confirmed it.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
+ 50 pips EU off the NFP news. I am done for the day. There may be more pips in the offing but I have earn t enough this week so I will have an early weekend

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Hello friend good job and selection!

My question is: which indicators you use already have new versions - you renew you who use and do you do it?

--- 帖子 #402 ---
I have already posted the answer to this!

Look here. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...76#post6731476

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Thanks but
http://assets.forexfactory.net/images/attach/ex4.gif TMS-Osc Cross.ex4  1.04 -> new 1.05
http://assets.forexfactory.net/images/attach/mq4.gif 123PatternsV6.mq4  -> v7
http://assets.forexfactory.net/images/attach/mq4.gif TDI_RT.mq4 -> ~ there are several options...

?

==========

"EMA" is used only for the color right / instead of a simple "EMA" /?

==========

Thanks in advance and sorry if I'm pedantic ....

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Those are the indicators that I am using. These are my preferences.  If you want to look for updates or use different versions that is entirely up to you.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
For those of you have not bothered searching FF for more information about 123s and the best way to trade them and filter them here is a link to a FF thread that contains good solid advice about the method.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=232466

Just want to add this.

Look for the posts from a trader called "Paulus" starting on page 2 he knew what he was talking about.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Thanks a lot dee. Paulus, very decent guy...i wonder where he went.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
EU +35 +30 =65 pips today. I was busy this morning so came to the table late. But the pips come to those who wait. If the chart looks different it is because I changed "Show all lines" to false

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Thanks a lot DEE50!

--- 帖子 #409 ---
EU +35pips. I recorded this trade as a video, if I can work out how to use the software I will try and post my trades as videos or at least some of them.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
EJ +165 pips. On other threads traders are pulling in good pips from the eur/jpy, so I thought I would give it a go earlier today. Don´t know if i was just lucky or what. Looks like I might have to take trading more seriously.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
And this is the way to do it... I am most impressed with your exits. You steal almost all the pips.  :O)

--- 帖子 #412 ---
eur/jpy +76 pips. Now I see why so many traders are trading the eur/jpy, it just wants to give you those pips. this is how the eur/usd used to be, you had to be a real dipstick not to make money.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Thanks, but there is no special talent here. I use the expansion tool, targets are the 127% or the 161%. Leave the trade alone, walk away, until it hits your TP or Stop which ever is the first, that is actually the hardest part. I used to fiddle and adjust my TP all the time, the stress was killing me, now I leave it alone. I only interfere if PA or the indis tell me it is over. I manage the trade only until I have moved the stop to B/E after that I often leave the computer and go and potter about in my vegetable patch.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Hi to everyone and thank you Robdee for your 123 indi.

I use Demark's sequential in multi time frames and it is usefull also to trade 123.

Please see my image in which you can see EURUSD chart 30 m with setup 8 and 9 and chart 5m with 123 formation.....so setup on higher time frame give me alert and 123 on lower time frame give me timing to enter the market with very low risk!

But there is a problem: on web there are a lot of Demark's indi but all are incompleted......so if you are interested I can share with you my experience and you can code a real and full Demark's sequential code.

Thank's in advance

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Last one today just been hit. EU +45 pips.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
I shall look forward to your Demark Sequential thread. PM me when you are ready to start.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
dee50, any reason in particular why you are not using HaikenAshi with the EU/JPY?

--- 帖子 #418 ---
All right....I sent you PM.

Thank's in advance

--- 帖子 #419 ---
EU +75 pips. I closed the trade at the 127% Expansion my initial target was the 161% but Price movement down has been so slow today, that I nearly lost the will to keep on living. Entry was early in the day following Pin bars in 3 TFs with a small 123 pullback giving the entry. If I had waited and taken the signaled 123 I would still have made 50 pips. Nothing valid on the EJ today.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Hi DEE50,

I want share with you and all traders of this comunity my simple system to trade 123 and divergences on stoch 5-3-3.

You must use google traslator because my language is italian and I wrote this word file some years ago.........nothing is changed since that time!

good reading!

--- 帖子 #421 ---
EU +40 pips + EJ +40 pips = 80 pips for today. Every one a 123. Notice how I am using the target from a larger 123 for my TPs. Do not be afraid to try this, the worst that can happen is that price will not reach your extended target and you will have to B/E.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
DEE 50 AND ALL TRADERS IN THIS Thread THREAD  I WANT TO ADD SOME THING GOING Very WELL WITH STRATEGY THAT ADD EMA 144+EMA 10

ALL EXPLAINED IN THIS PDF Attached File(s)   rover_north.pdf

1.3 MB
|
3,971 downloads

VV GOOD PIPS ESPECIALLY WITH GPY/JPY & EJ

PLEASE Attached File(s)   rover_north.pdf

1.3 MB
|
3,971 downloads

USE IT DEMOOOOOOO FIRST

HAVE A NICE WEEK END

AMIR SAID

--- 帖子 #423 ---
dee50, In the last two attachments your three points  to set the fibo expasion  are the immediately previous 123 points determined by the 123 indicator. However, I have seen in few other attachments you use  different  points. Can you expand  a little on what is your criteria for  choosing the anchor points. More specifically, how do you choose them when they are not 123 points?

Thank you and have a wonderful weekend.  :O)

--- 帖子 #424 ---
the 123patternsv7 indicator repaint?

--- 帖子 #425 ---
They are 123 points, you will probably have noticed by now that the 123 Indi does not identify all the 123s, and I do not choose my trades based on the indi, I choose my trades based on what 3 time frames are showing me. The fact that my trades coincide with the 123 Ind just goes to show how good it is. As for how I determine my TP, I do not use the Fib Expansion In isolation. I hope the attached chart explains it. I look for Confluence of Fibs & S&R where price has been before, is price reacting to the fib levels. That is how I determine my initial TP, if another 123 forms after my entry I measure the Expansion and see if it agrees with my initial assessment. If I have missed the entry for a larger 123 I measure the expansion from the previous formation. I base this on the fact that the larger the 123 formation is, the more relevant it is because it will also be visible on the Higher Time frames so more traders will be reacting to it.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
AU +60 pips. Took this trade on my Futures account. A mixed trade using a BPC and 123 combination for the entry. BPC = Breakout Pullback Continuation. I do not need to explain this, do I?

--- 帖子 #427 ---
dee50, Thank you for your detailed explanation.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
EU +50 pips. So simple even I can make money. 123 off support followed by 123 break of resistance confirming momentum long. Does not get much easier.

I really do not understand why more traders are not trading this pattern, one of the oldest, most reliable patterns that there is. And yet, the threads here on FF and other forums about the 123, are short lived. Traffic light methods run for years with only mediocre success. Ain´t folks queer?

--- 帖子 #429 ---
True - it's a pity that Robdee didn't have a chance to finish the work he started.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Hi dee50, where did you pull the higher TF fib from/to? Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Here to here

--- 帖子 #432 ---
EU +30 pips. Another no brainer off support. Opportunities on other pairs as well today, but this will do for today.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Cheers! Another great day for you. Your win rate is very high. When was the last time you took a loss? I'd be interested in seeing the losers too

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Nice going dee,

any thoughts on Pivots?

All the best.

Nick

--- 帖子 #435 ---
well done dee50 but its much  easire drwe it in 30 min tf

from minimize chart (zoom out)

from swing to swing

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Do you ever use the Demark Combination stuff like this?

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Last loser was here. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...62#post6706262.

I used to have lots of losses, years ago, I believed the crap that losses are part of trading and you should accept them, but I wasn´t making any money with that attitude, now, I do not like losses!! I close for B/E or a small loss, if I have to, and then re enter if price turns and continues. I see no need to hold a trade until my stop loss is hit, I actually think that  that is one of the most stupid things to do in trading. If my entry is wrong, I get out.

If you pick your entry correctly there should be no need to take a loss.

I never ever let a winner turn into a loser.

I like the 123 entry off Support or Resistance because price will move far enough to guarantee a profit or at least a safe exit.

I limit myself to no more than 2-3 trades per day, reduces my exposure to risk and reduces the chance of an impulse trade. Unless I am feeling playful.

I have learned to be patient and wait for right setup.

I pass on trades that I am not 100% confident about.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Short answer. No. I have looked, recently, at Demark but considered that the method did not offer anything significantly better for me so I stuck with PA, experience and a bit of the TMS.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Or 15 min or 1 Hr or a combination of all 3

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Thanks dee50. Hope you don't mind my asking, do you day-trade alongside another job or trade for a living, or just trade for 'fun'?

When do you typically move your SL to B/E to 1/. minimise losses on a 'bad' entry and 2/. reduce risk on a 'good' trade?

Many thanks for your replies so far! Really useful

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Trade for a Living.

For your second question I am going to be cheeky and use one of your responses from another thread "on a ranging day like this i need to reduce/remove risk as soon as price action says it is reasonable to do so"  I surmise from your response that you already know how to do this, so I would only be teaching you to suck eggs. Which is a very strange statement because you do not suck eggs you blow them!

--- 帖子 #442 ---
sure, i'm always humbled by what i learn here. I once traded for a living, gave it 12 months but wasn't successful enough.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
For the first 2 years I was shit. Then the next 2 years I improved. The last 3 years I have really made money and each year I have gotten better.

Some people come into trading and are making money after a few months (I really hate them), the rest of us have to put in 1,000s of hours of screen time, go bald and develop a paunch and eventually retire before we become profitable. 12 months is not long enough.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
What was your Aha! moment. What was your turning point in other words what started making your trading better.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
hi robdee and everyone...

i'm newbie here and very interested in 123 pattern...

but i'm still confuse about entry point...if i could give some idea to robdee, what if you make an ebook about your 123pattern system, so i can learn from beginning

and i have tried before, the precentage of successful in demo version is 40%

thank you, if there any beginning thread or info about 123pattern especially from robdee i'm very pleased to study...

--- 帖子 #446 ---
...yes, don't get me wrong before I went full-time, i'd amassed the 1000's of hrs of screentime. My problem when I decided to move to trading FT was being under-capitalised and not really trading with money I could afford to lose. I'd convinced myself that the capital would be enough (look at the back-testing, demoing and small money forward testing, how can this fail?) and that remortgaging the house to fund it was a sensible thing to do! You live & learn.

I'm now trading far more successfully with securer monthly income from elsewhere to take the pressure off and I will never again whinge and whine about the 9-5

--- 帖子 #447 ---
No matter how politely you make your requests, it is patently obvious you have not read the thread or used the tools available to you.

Robdee´s last post was on the 17 September 2012, so he is unlikely to respond to you.

I posted a couple of PDFs about 123s, just 3 pages back, so you have not even bothered to look back.

I posted a link to another thread with information about 123s, just 2 pages back.

There is the google search which would provide lots of information

There is the search facility here on FF

And last but certainly not least, this is where you should have started your trading journey from is Babypips.com

--- 帖子 #448 ---
To be honest, I can not say that there was one defining moment, I can think of many Aha moments none of which was the definitive turning point but they all contributed to my development as a trader. As you know Trading is an amalgamation of knowledge, a jigsaw puzzle if you will, if a piece is missing the picture is incomplete.

But if I chose one thing that has had the greatest impact is when I had the confidence to go for bigger TPs. And I stopped micro managing each trade which usually resulted in my closing out the trades far too early. One of the benefits of that is much less stress and of course, much greater profitability.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
I thought so. Looking through your other posts on other threads I got the impression that you had been trading for some time and I am glad to see that there are others who have survived the blood bath that is Trading. And you are absolutely right, being under capitalised is the kiss of death for would be traders and the other is the problem that they go from demo to real money trading and do not realize the mental impact that has. That alone can kill a trading career.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
EU +10 +40 =50 pips. There have been better offers on the table today that I did not take, idiot, but here is what I did take. Nothing special just enough to pay for breakfast.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
EU + 50 pips. Initial TP was at the 161.8% expansion but momentum was strong so moved it to BRN. Entry was 123 + BPC. No brainer.

I love talking to myself! But Hey, I am done for the day.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Hey Dee

You are not talking to yourself, I am sure I am not the only one listening (and very much appreciating your posts).

I took the same trade and got out with just under 50 pips

PGPB

--- 帖子 #453 ---
EU +25 pips. I am a real slut, I just could not say no. Nice signal from the Indi. That really is it for this week.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Thanks for your comment. Congrats on the pips   that is a Chateauneuf Du Pape this weekend, eh!

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Does any of the Demark Combination stuff line up with yours? Here's another one, called the turn in NZDUSD and the low in EURUSD last night:

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Hi dee50,

Please don't stop posting your trades. I find them very inspiring. I am a follower of the TMS thread but I find your 5 minute trades posted on this thread to be more suited to my trading style. I will post some trades when I start trading the method properly. I am still absorbing the material from the pdf's you posted on this site about fibs and 123's etc.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
I have been trying out some alternate settings,  this is for 123pattern V6 on the 5 min. You get less signals but they appear to be more accurate. I have only tried this on eurusd. On pairs that are more volatile like the GU I would advise caution as you will still get many fake signals, that is the nature of 123s.

It goes with out saying, but I am going to say it anyway, BACKTEST first.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Does this answer your question. Large Blue arrows are the signals from 123pattern v6, all short. For the uninitiated, it looks like Demark is indicating Longs, where as the only valid signal is a long based on the 13 candle count at the bottom RH of the chart.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
EU +40 pips. Only valid signal today. But if it pays out 1 is enough. I initially targeted the 3050 but realized that there was a significant S&R at 3060 from the beginning of June. Slap on the wrist for me for not having identified that prior to taking the signal.

Edit. Sorry I am not with it today, just checked the other pairs that I "normally" monitor and there were signals on the EJ, UJ, GU and AU in fact the EJ would have yielded around 80 pips. Just goes to show, you should not get up early as I did today. The signals were on the 15 min charts.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Here are the 4 trades. Well 5 if you include the EU as well. Told you, I am not with it today

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Hi

I try the first time today. I was successful.

Trying gold. Thanks a lot. Special thanks dee50's.

I read all the pdf.

It helps a lot.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Hi,

thank you to all great work...but I must say taht I am not comfortable with 123 by swing....I prefer 123 by bars as in Ross'books.

I explain better: I use only bars to see 123 ...for example 2 bars up and 1 down forming 123....or 3 bars up and 1 down ....or 4 bars up and 1 down .....or 5 bars up and 1 down...stop.....I don's use 123 formed by more than 5 bars.

Please see images:

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Attached Image     Attached Image

--- 帖子 #464 ---
I use fibo external retracement for target...138.2 and 161.8

--- 帖子 #465 ---
I create all sort of combinations of bars...such as 1 bar up..than inside...than up and than 1 bar retracement.....or 1 bar up-1 bar up-inside-1 bar up and 1 bar retracement...than 123 with outside bar forming point 2 and 3 at the same time ......and so on....I worked a lotof days and nights...but I had my goal!

example of 123 with inside bar:

--- 帖子 #466 ---
I created all these formulas in metastock eod and real time...so if you want I can suggest you to create these formulas (I know nothing about mt4 language).

Tell me if you are interested with.........

best regards

--- 帖子 #467 ---
EU + 50 pips. My favorite 123. A signal from a S&R level in this instance the 200 EMA, then lots of confirmation all the way down.

The smaller text you can see is another Indi that shows 123s and Ross Hooks, I am in the process of trying it out in conjunction with the 123pattern Indi.

searching thru other threads on the 123 pattern, I am astounded by the number of "Traders"?? who say the 123 swing pattern does not work or they can not make money with this pattern. I would suggest that they first learn what the pattern is all about and what the psychology is behind it.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Yes,you are right....123 (by swing or by bars)  is the firt step for inversion....you can read it as wave 1 -2 and 3 (breackout of top of wave 1) or ABC (breackout of top of wave A).

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Dee, are you using s&r to trigger all your trades? I think most traders cant make 123 work because they lose when the market chops.. I think 123 is trend strategy imo..

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Good example of multitimeframe:

chart 4h....setup 9 demark

chart 1h 123 low by bars

--- 帖子 #471 ---
If you started your own thread about bar counts or Demark you might attract the attention of the coders here on FF and you may also get more interest from other traders depending on what you called the thread, rather than posting in a thread called "123Pattern V6 Revisited".

--- 帖子 #472 ---
I think most traders can´t make 123 work because they do not know how to read PA and because they treat the pattern like a mechanical entry system, which it is not. Do you know lots of traders who win when the market chops?

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Reading thru an older 123 thread I came across this PDF. Slightly different approach to entries, thought you all might find it interesting.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Sorry I did not answer your question. Yes most of the trades are off S&R, that is the true nature of 123s and because they are off S&Rs you can usually bank pips.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
GU (15Min) support becoming resistance (SbR) switch earlier, amazing how price 'switches' to the pip sometimes like this one! I was late to the entry off an engulf.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Thanks dee50, very interesting. Could be a similar setup on EU (15M) forming now in fact...There's also 61.8/R1 confluence around potential point '3'.

Edit: setup now void. '1' exceeded.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
I agree it looked like it could have set up for a 123, especially off a Double Top with Regular Divergence, but there was below---

Trend Line support

Hidden Divergence

and now Bearish Divergence. I would prefer to see the Stochs Divergence coming from OB/OS to below/above the 68 or the 32. This would make the divergence much more convincing.

Just above current price is a previous Minor S&R

With this sort of PA I would not expect to be trading a 123, I would be looking to trade a Range or Channel. However as it is still only a 35 pip Range i would not consider an entry for a 10 - 15 pip gain as worth the risk.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
This should help with Regular and Hidden Divergence.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Great analysis, thank you!

--- 帖子 #480 ---
EU +50 pips. Main reason for taking this trade was the Pin Bar at the BRN and the BPC at previous S&R, but it was confirmed by a 123 later. Target was the Trend Line. Do not care if price drops further, +50 for a Friday afternoon is good enough.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Fantastic. What does BPC stand for?

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Explained it here

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...20#post6758420

--- 帖子 #483 ---
ah, ok. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Hi dee50,

first I wan to thank you for all of your explanation, I'm new to forex and I might be slow in understanding your way and I would appreciate if I can get it.

I really like your work and read your posts more than one time but for some reason it's still not so clear for me yet how do you choose your entry points , once you said that they are not based on 123 system only , and the indicator itself doesn't show always when to enter , I'm confused for a little bit , is this based on your experience or other tools that you use ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Yesterday EU +5 +37. I have marked everything on the chart. 2nd trade was a Pin Bar Reversal entry followed by a 123 confirmation.

Today so far. EU +30. Everything is obvious, you just need to look.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
The short answer is, my entries are based on my experience, 1,000s of hours of screen time. Every thing I use is on the chart and if you look carefully you will see that every one of my entries has a reason for it, in fact I will normally only enter when there are at least 2 - 3 factors confirming the entry. These are always on the chart, they are not hidden away in the dark recesses of my mind.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Who spotted that the reason for todays entry was a Triple Bounce off an S&R followed by the 123 + a BPC. The TB is only visible if you zoom out, this is one of the problems of trading the lower time frames, you do not see the bigger picture. We focus too much on a small portion of time.

Here endeth the lesson.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Thanks dee50 , I guess I have to spend 1000 H of screen time to see what you see

--- 帖子 #489 ---
that unfortunately is a reality of trading! unless you go to one of the traffic light system threads where there is some one to guide you and the indicators tell you when to enter and exit.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Great thread and indicator thanks!

--- 帖子 #491 ---
EU +35. Pin Bar off S&R and really strong Divergence followed by 123 + BPC to confirm. Confluence of the 161 expansion, 38% Fib and 200 EMA and short term Resistance made this the TP.

The BPC was perfect, price broke back above the BRN then a short pullback, almost to the pip, to the BRN. I forgot to mark it on the chart but you can clearly see it.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
EU +30 & +32 = 62 pips. No brainers today. Short Breakout, 123 + BPC, TP at Daily S&R. Then Long Divergence at Major Support with 123, Target the 200 EMA. Soros I aint, but it puts food on the table with minimum risk.

I have been trying out another 123 Indi, you see it on my charts the little numbers 123, it is also pretty good, it is more adjustable. it was developed to show Ross Hooks, I have that feature disabled because in these markets you get so many Ross Hooks it makes the feature pointless especially on the Lower Time Frames. You will also have to adjust the "rejectifheightlessthan" parameter from 15 to 150 for a 5 digit broker other wise you will get "a LOT" of false signals.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Good job dee50 , you make this sound so easy ....

--- 帖子 #494 ---
EU +75. 4th July 20 min trade. I almost decided to call it a day when the 123 signal came at a BO level, then someone cut the rope and off it went, did not have the time to think about the TP so targeted the S&R level but price moved so fast that I dropped the TP to the BRN. SL was a joke I moved it straight to BE and then went for a ciggie when I came back there it was.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Congratulations.

I also trade the same, but only 30 pips.

The pivot line, I stopped.

Need  more attention.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Congrats dee50 , actually it was the Draghi at ECB Press Conference today who did cut the robe for such a fall, I've been told many times that when a you trade technical strategies it's recommended to stay a way from the markets at such news times like this, I work on a Demo for now and I had a position from early morning but I closed it before the conference to do it as they recommended, but it seems that it makes no difference when you are trading a good strategy or at least you have the needed experience  .

BTW : what is BO ?

--- 帖子 #497 ---
BO = Break Out.

Yes I knew Draghi was giving a press conference, that was what I had been hanging around for. I always trade the news, have done for many years and Draghi is always good for at least 50 pips I think he does it on purpose. If I am in a trade before the news I asses the likely impact and then decide whether to stay in the trade or close but the main thing is I move my stop to lock in profits then if it goes against me I do not lose anything.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
EU +50. It is too easy. There would have had to have been a negative print for the EU not to have gone down. Not a bonafide 123, but it shows that you can make money from the news. Waiting now for another possible entry.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
All these pips being made, yet some how my trades never win. And I use 123 pattern off S/R every single time.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
I know exactly what you are doing wrong, it is as clear as day. I have a special piece of equipment for this type of post
http://www.themoreuknow.com/image/sm...tal%20ball.gifhttp://www.smileyvault.com/albums/us...lBallHands.gif

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Here's once.

Price already pulled back and then went passed the "2" candle for a conservative entry. Then it pulls back again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #502 ---
This is an excellent site if you want to learn the intricacies of understanding and using PA.

http://www.learntotradethemarket.com/

Run by Nial Fuller a well respected full time trader, he does have a paid training course, but pretty much most of the site is free and full to the brim with really good guidance.

No! I am not on a commission.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is another pullback.

Once it retraces and surpassed the "2" point, I will enter the trade. I'm confident PA will prove useless again, but lets just prove the people here wrong.

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Why are you linking me to a website?

I just showed you a valid 123 pattern, with a conservative entry that failed.

Either my entry was wrong, which I'm confident it wasn't, or so called 'price action' is a load of B.S.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
No surprises here

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Continuing the theme. USDCAD Higher Time Frame 4H Channel. Does not hurt to look up, PA is in the center of the channel with Resistance at the same level. A great opportunity to go long??

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #508 ---
I read the whole thread from zigzag simple -> advance -> complex -> expert -> nonesense.

This thread is really dead from zigzag to a different dimension of chart..

I use zigzag as my guide and it works very well.

For the new traders just always make it simple. Make it too complicated doesn't make it profitable.

By the way you guys have  a very colorful chart keep it up, you guys literally makes trading as an art

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Dee, can you give me any advice?

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Sarcasm. WHY??? Your method of trading is clean and simple, I checked, but does that mean that every one elses methods are invalid?

--- 帖子 #512 ---
I will respond on the thread that you started, be more appropriate.

EDIT

I have just read thru your thread and apart from the usual few gonads, most of the advice is extremely sound and there is nothing that I can add to it.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
colourfull type

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #514 ---
EU +70. Grueling day, was tempted to close so many times, but, I have learnt not to interfere with the trade. Multiple choice TPs so just kept moving the TP down as price continued to drift down, I finally opted for the area just above the confluence of 100% Fib, BRN and S&R.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
That's Great dee50  , you are a natural trader  ,I wish you keep posting your trades so that I learn more from you.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
What are the colored bars?

Inside bars and outside bars?

thx

PGPB

--- 帖子 #517 ---
old indi http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...03#post5219503

--- 帖子 #518 ---
EU +37. Some times you have to interfere and close a trade when the PA is telling you to. This is what I saw. Also if you look at the swing high, you have a large green candle followed by a large red candle which closes near the bottom of the green candle, this the signal for a Pin Bar on a higher time frame, in this instance the 15 min.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Always check HTF. You will miss important information if you only look at the lower time frame. Look Left, Look Up (for passing pigeons) and then act.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
that's amazing!.

I noticed that the candles are a little bit different from min" FXDD " , I'm not sure what time zone you live in but it looks like very near to what I have +3 GMT.

also the doted Fib doesn't exist on my chart with the fact that I use the same template that you provided in earlier , is there something that I'm missing here ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Our charts are the same (attached). It is just that I used a chart with all the indis and heiken Ashi taken off for illustration purposes only.

Your Fibs are different because, see attached. The fibs do not adjust themselves, you have to change them when required in this instance because the 0.0% Fib had been negated. How to use fibs is a whole other thread entirely, I have some PDFs about this I shall try to find them and post them.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Between Bernanke and Draghi you have two of the most destructive forces in the world. Every time one of them opens their mouth BOOM****** 345 pips of destruction.

However. Check out this link. What a breath of fresh air. 6.33 minutes of common sense.  Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Hah.....the awful truth !......wait , does that mean that you lost 345 Pips during his speech, I'm sorry if that's the case pall and with that you will get them back soon.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Thanks for the sympathy, it is appreciated, but---

I rarely trade after 17.00 my time, Bernanke was 20.00 my time. I am strictly 9-5 (GMT +1) my time of doing 18 hour days is long past. I just feel sorry for all those who listened to the Hype and were short the Euro. Just imagine all those Swing traders trading their Daily and 4 Hr charts who got stopped out.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Quick EU +25. Straight forward 123 on the 15 min, also available on the 5min. Price may well continue down to the 200 EMA, but I have to go out for a few hours.

CU later

--- 帖子 #526 ---
EJ +70. 123 Signal on the 5 min. Double Top at Resistance and a TMS method entry coincide on the 15 min. Set TP based on confluence of the 78.6% & 61.8% Fibs on the 15 min. Every thing works at some time.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Well that's good to know that you didn't get any loss on that day  , your timing zone(+1GMT)  matches London time and I think this is the best time to trade  ,I think you paid a lot till you reached that plan to trade only during 9-5 and it looks pretty much a wise thing to do, I find many people trust others more than they trust their selves and that's exactly where their problems begin.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
That's just great way of trading .

is TMS method located here on Forex-factory ?

--- 帖子 #529 ---
TMS = Trading Made Simple

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=291622

It is a very large thread. I recommend you read the first 10 pages only. Also, in the "attachments" section

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1200363
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1207545

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1224397
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1224398
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1224400

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1193996

This lot will tell you what you need to know without having to churn thru the whole thread. After that concentrate on the posts by Phx62 and emmanuel7788

--- 帖子 #530 ---
I like your 123 system but kindly give me the template to download for demo Thanks

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Sheesh don't you just love people who don't read the thread.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Waw.....that's just a lot to digest !, I'll start reading all what I can and thanks for the links.

have a great weekend

--- 帖子 #533 ---
EU +40pips. Straight forward 123 off S&R on the 15 min. TP was BRN 161.8% and short term S&R. This trade could was signaled on the 5 - 15 - 6o min charts, take your pick. Nice start to the week.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Good way to go dee50  , and thanks for the links,there are a lot of valuable information in it and I enjoyed reading so far.

I understood that TMS method is basically for 4H charts when the green line crosses the red line we should enter on the 1st or 2nd candle according to Big E , however I can see that Phx62 worked on 1H time frame and rarely on 15M , but in all cases he rely on price action and uses his common sens for the trade , do you do the same ?

just more question : do trade any other pair with TMS and price action other than EUR/US ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Hey Dee,

Thanks for that video of TRO, he has some interesting stuff on there.

Simple

--- 帖子 #536 ---
I am REALLY struggling to understand how it is that 123break patterns do NOT work for me. They simply always reverse and hit my SL. And I always go with the trend too....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #537 ---
4 hr charts Big E. If people had read the TMS thread they would have realized that BIG E traded the 4 hr at night and the 1hr during the day. Phx62 trades primarily the 1 hr, but also trades the 15 min. I trade the 1hr, 15min and 5min. Big E said the TDI is King on the 4hr but PA is King on all other time frames. However, the market has changed considerably since he said that, at the time the EU had a range of 200 pips per day, what does it have now? So as far as I am concerned PA is King on all time frames with TDI confirming a move. I have always used the 123 in my trading and I have always looked to the lower time frames 15min and 5 min for tighter entries.

I personally prefer to trade the EU because I am very familiar with it I have been trading it almost exclusively for 7 years, I occasionally will look at the EJ, UJ, AU & GU.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
That move was good for 30 pips using market harmonics, ran further but the market spiked back. That had nothing to do with a 123 failing, that was the market.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
EU +55. This trade just hit TP. perfect Pin Bar setup on the 15min. TP was minor S&R and 161.8 Expansion. 123 confirmed setup and momentum.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
How on earth do you do this?

Any chance you could teach me/mentor me?

I've been studying charts for 15 hours a day for months, and I'm still struggling. I would really appreciate someone to focus on helping me improve.

I've read ALL KINDS of price action literature, but when It comes to applying it, it never works out...

I could really use some help.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Same is here, now we are too  , we still got tons to read and 1000s of screen time

--- 帖子 #542 ---
what I understood that Big E traded 4H at night his time pacific time which equals London session and that's where most of the volume come, I couldn't agree more with you that price action is the king for all the time specially when you use it to trade one pair and become an expert with it like your kind self.

my problem is that I see a lot of people talking about price action but I discover later that everyone means his own experience , not a material to study or specific points that can be worked with, for example you can build your entry on a candlestick shape over a support or a Resistance, but if you see a pattern like double top or triple top you may cancel it like what you traded today for EU, other people would say patterns are the best way to find your entry and still you find that market would drag then 100's of pips .

I wish there is a way to define all the factors for price action and their preterites as it really keeps me confused .

and thanks for being informative and helpful as usual.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
To answer a multitude of questions, simply, I have copied this from Nial Fullers site, this is the link to the full piece. http://www.learntotradethemarket.com...rading-signals. His emphasis is on the Daily, but he concentrates on just a few simple PA strategies that are easy to identify and to act upon and the beauty of this is, it transfers to the lower time frames. But, you just have to remember that any lower time frame signal is less reliable than one on the HTFs.

This is the meat of it.

"
The “big boys” know how to filter their trades

If you’ve fallen prey to thinking that the “big boys” are trading a hundred times a day and day trading until their eyes bleed, you’re mistaken. Many of the guys with big money wait on the sidelines patiently and “pounce” only when the best signals, levels and trends are present on their charts. You need to learn to think like the big boys, act “as if” you’re a “player”; be intelligent and stop using the market for entertainment and start treating this as a real business.

The best and most logical explanation for why you should trade less is because there are inherently less good signals for any strategy or system; think about it…the reason a signal is high-probability is because it doesn’t happen extremely often, if it did then it wouldn’t be a high-probability event would it? If you force yourself to trade all the time you’re going to be taking a large quantity of useless and second-rate signals, this is simply a waste of your time and money.
Creating a filter checklist for you trades

A good exercise for any trader is to create their own checklist of different filters that they use to scan the markets for potential signals. You can just create a quick checklist with one to three sentences describing what the filter is and then an example image of the filter under it.

Here’s an example filter checklist that I’ve created from the examples above (in yours you would place an example image below or next to each sentence like the ones above but maybe a little smaller):
1. Look for a signal with a protruding tail that creates a false-break of a level. Watch for obvious protrusions and false-breaks of key levels in the market. This filter can be applied to trending markets or to counter-trend trades. Wherever you have a key support or resistance level, keep an eye out for false-breaks / protrusions of that level.
2. A long-tailed pin bar is a high-probability pin bar. Long-tailed pin bars work very well in trending markets and as counter-trend signals, as we saw in the examples above. A long-tailed pin bar is always something to keep an eye out for when analyzing the markets.
3. Don’t “bet” on a breakout…wait for confirmation instead. A good filter to use for tempting looking breakout trades is to wait for the breakout and close above or below the level. Then, the breakout is “confirmed” and you can start looking for a signal in the direction of the break. This will help you avoid many false-breaks, especially in range-bound markets.
4. Look for continuation signals after a pullback to support or resistance in the trend. Trend continuation signals are a ‘bread and butter’ strategy that you need to watch for.Watch for trends and then retracements within those trends, then keep an eye out for signals forming from “value” areas that indicate the trend might resume.
5. Don’t trade signals in tight “chop”. Be cautious trading pin bars or other signals that form in thick and choppy consolidation. If you see two or three pin bars in a row as in our example above and the market is not coming off in the direction implied by the pins, it’s an indication that it’s probably not going to come off. We need to see momentum and a clear breakout from consolidation before entering from a signal formed in “chop”.
6. Look for “confluence”. Watch for obvious “hot points” in the market, or areas where two or three or more levels are intersecting…these are very high-probability levels to trade from.
7. Avoid signals that form in “no man’s land”. This one is sort of the opposite of the confluence point. If you see a signal that just looks like it formed without any type of confluence and looks like it’s just placed wrong, you should probably avoid it. This filter is especially important to use on the 4 hour and 1 hour charts.

Whilst having things like checklists and an overall trading plan are very important, they are only one part of finding the best trading signals. The man or woman doing the analysis and pulling the trigger is JUST as important as the strategy or trading plan they are using.

As traders, we need to develop our subconscious “gut” trading feel on an ongoing basis, learning from the charts and keeping notes and simply immersing ourselves in day-to-day market analysis and observation (note I didn’t say immerse ourselves in ‘trading’). This helps us develop a good intuition and gut feel which go hand in hand with a good trading strategy."

--- 帖子 #544 ---
As usual, great Teacher Dee and I learn a new thing from you everyday.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Thanks too dee50!

--- 帖子 #546 ---
EU +30. Not a 123 trade, but an example of what to do when PA is screaming at you. Look at all the clues at the top of the chart, set a realistic TP at the minor support and Hey Presto +30 pips and all just before Bernanke sends the market into a Tizzy.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Cool, you are never out of tricks.....

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Dee50,

Thanks...I found this system cause I also trade using the 1-2-3 patterns.

Thanks for the 1-2-3 pattern indicators.  I could not get the V-6 indicator to work

cause I think it's set-up for "RANGE BARS"  and it kept freezing up my computer.

Do you have any suggestions for this?

Also, I'am a hugh fan of "Another Simple System 15 tf".  Which trade the 1-2-3 pattern off of

the 10 ema.

Loveevery1 is using the: "Another Simple System"

10 ema (magical ema)

200 ema

800 ema

round numbers

This system and Another simple system in my opinion are the SECRET to forex.  So thanks for keeping this

alive and helping people!  Out of the 3 or 4,  1-2-3 pattern indicators (V-6, I couldn't get to work) I'am

using "show 123 v2"  indicator.  What do you think of that indicator?  Or, do you like the other 2 that

you posted better?

Once again thanks for all your help, it is very much appreciated!

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Hey Dee, are you taking the day off ? if you did good for you, the day that Bernanke has a speech should be off..

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Hi Snarlyjack, nice to see you are still around. I am very familiar with Arjuns 10ema method. Sorry I took so long to respond, I did not bother trading yesterday as I thought the market would dither along until Bernanke, but I thought it unlikely that Bernanke would say any thing different.

Unable to start "123Patterns v6"

Check to see if you have the standard MT4 "ZigZag" indicator installed, I am in the habit of cleaning out my indicator folder, and I deleted the zigzag indicator thinking I would never use it. After I re-installed it everything worked fine. I still have to manually kick start the indicator every time I open my MT4

I am using "show 123 v2" indicator. What do you think of that indicator? Or, do you like the other 2 that you posted better?

I like the V6 indicator and the "show 123 v2" although I do not use either with their default settings. The "show 123" is more flexible and has the capabilities of being tailored more and I think that for a novice it is very good as it "Reveals" more 123s which is good for the learning process, as long as the novice knows not to try and trade every 123. I am still undecided which one I like best so I am running both.

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Yes I took the day off. Normally, for me at least, there is money to be made from Bernanke but as this was his second outing this week I thought it unlikely that he would say any thing that would move the market.

I noticed you over on the TMS thread, I forgot to mention that the majority of them are trying to trade the 4hr charts. If you want something more relevant to the lower time frames, there is a thread called

X-Man's Super Simple System
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=327972

This method is identical to the TMS method except it has been adapted to the lower time frames, you will find that X-Man also has a 4hr method, ignore it.

Phx62 and I spent quite a lot of time posting on that thread, the thread died when we stopped posting there but still has all the relevant information that you will need.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
EU +27 +25 = 52pips. 2 straight forward 123 entries 1 short off Resistance and 1 long off Support. Both TPs were obvious, and today with small candles, over ambitious TPs would have been stupid.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Thanks for the information Dee , I want what everyone wants, a successful way of trading to keep me away from 9-5 Job and between markets psychology ,the tons of information which you still don't know if it is working or not I really feel completely lost and don't know where to start and what is the right track to reach a point to serve food on my table from trading, I thank you for all the help and insight that you provide.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
That's Great!, I managed to take the first short trade like you did on a demo but and because I'm a chicken I got only 15 Pips which I'm totally happy with, it was a 123 simple and clear.

as for the buy trade is there any other reason that you took buy from that area other than it's just a bounce from a support ? could the price break that area and make another 123 pattern for a downside ? don't you think it was early entry ?

BTW :how did you define that support green line, did you do it by just looking at it or through an Indicator?

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Congrats on the 15 pips

There is no such thing as "only X pips" any outcome that preserves or increases capital by any amount is a "winner"

Look at the chart more closely. How many candles tried to go lower at the BRN & S&R, did the price close, at any time below the BRN? When price spikes thru a level but does not actually close above/below it, it is an indication that price will move in the opposite direction. Look at the TDI and Stochastic had they both been in Over Sold?

Could price have reversed after the entry and gone the other way. Of course. I can not predict what the market will do next, I can only make an educated guess and hope that I am right, if not my SL is there to protect me.

How did I define that support line, look at a higher time frame as per the attached chart.

Edit. One further point about the entry. The pullback from the 2 point of the 123, was held at the support level (BRN) same as the first trade where the pullback from point 2 was held at the resistance level. My experience has shown that if this happens the 123 will complete and price will move on enough to at least guarantee a breakeven.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Hi Dee

What settings do you use for the show 123 v2?

Here is the default settings, which ones do you change.

PGPB

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Thanks Dee,

You were right I "lost" the zig-zag indicator somewhere along the way, so I reinstalled it.

I still can't get  "V-6 to work for some reason" so I'am going to use "V-2".  I think it

has something to do with the range bar's set-up?     But it's all good...

When I look at your charts they are almost 100% exactly like mine.  I guess

great minds think alike,   we must be trading very simular    After all these

years of trading and reading different systems that we both came to the

same conclusion...scary isn't it

Thanks for all your help!

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #558 ---
aggression = 3

rejectifhightlessthan=150(for 5 digit broker)

I have not finished testing with the different switch settings.

I also set the faildncolour & failupcolour to none, reduces the clutter on the chart.

And reduce the maxbar setting, unless you are doing a lot of back testing. This reduces the load on your processor

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Sometimes when I first start MT4, 123patternsv6 does not start, so I  R Click. Indicator List. click on v6. click on edit. without changing anything, click on OK and then it starts, no idea why.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
thank you for the settings for the show123 indi

that is very helpful, it indeed helps clear out the clutter!

Can I also ask you for your settings for the 123Patternsv6

here are the default settings

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Thanks Dee,

Can you post your zig-zag indicator to make sure I'am using the correct

one that feeds "V-6".  Also,  do you need the zig-zag indicator loaded on the

chart for it to work or just in the file folder?

I'am using:

10 ema (blue)  close

200 ema (red)  close

800 ema (purple) close

Standard-deviation channel

FFS TP stoploss

Round numbers

gg-trendbar

123 patterns  (show 123 v2) set at 3 aggression & 150 rejectheight, 500 maxbars, yellow fail up/down color.

Thanks for all your help and have a good weekend!

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Dee, you know whenever I talk to you I feel that a blur layer has been removed in front of my eyes and become to see things more clearer,I appreciate your encouragement. you are a true mentor for me and Thanks for everything

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Here you go.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Here is the ZigZag indi. You do not need to load it just have it in the indicator folder. There were other people that could not get v6 to work but I do not think that anyone was able to work out why. Try V 5 attached.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Hey Dee

Thanks very much!!

The settings you suggest on the 123 indi's really help me see the set ups much better.

One last request, sometimes when visually back testing I will put the zig zag indi on

What settings would you suggest for the zig zag indi?

By the way, on a personal note, I see you are in Spain.  My wife and I visited Madrid a few months back and we loved it.

The architecture, the food, the art, the people, the food, did I mention the food.....and of course Spain does produce pretty good soccer players.

PGPB

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Thanks Dee,

I appreciate the indicators & your help!

I think I'll just stay with "show 123 V2".

We are good to go...

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Todays business EU +25 & +44 = 69pips. Only longs today as HTFs showed.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Hooray Dee,  I had two trades today from the same places that you took them, but as a newbie I was more than satisfied with 15 Pips each , I think I made a record here and I'm closer to your way of trading which I believe is great...... that means that I'm on the right track, right ? Please tell me yes....... I mean Waw...

--- 帖子 #569 ---
It is a good start, congrats. 30 pips today was no mean achievement, well done. how about posting a chart, encourage some of the others.

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Sorry, missed your post. If you want to see the swing points V6 is using then you obviously need to use the same setting "3", but if you want to compare, try another setting 5 or 8 for example, it is a quick way of comparing settings. I have not looked at the code for show123 v2 so I am not sure what setting it is using.

Spain. The cities are very different from where I live, I bought an Olive farm deep in the mountains and live among the country folk, they are a very different species altogether from the city folk.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Sure, I'm grateful to you and all others who make this forum a great place to learn and keep alive.

I did this trade not based on 123 pattern but more like a hunch that at this resistance level with TDI confirming the direction.

it seems that I can catch a good entry but I still need to work on my Exit points, I read in many places that greed is worst enemy in FX markets and that's why I'm conservative with exits, for the time being at this point of my learning curve I'm more than happy to have such results.

Thanks Dee

--- 帖子 #572 ---
DO NOT TRADE ON HUNCHES  if you are the luckiest guy in the world, you may get away with it. There were so many clues on that chart that the hunch should have been left at Notre dam.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
EU +20 pips. Counter Trend so a quick 20 TP was the 200 EMA on the 15 min. Entry was 123 on the 5min. Double Top with divergence and TDI cross to confirm entry. Divergence on 1hr, 15min and 5 min.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Dee50,

How do you draw your brown fibs?

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Hah.....well I can think of half of the reasons that you placed which made me think of them as a hunch but I couldn't explained them all as you did.... you are also a good teacher that can explain what is going on

couldn't agree more with you that "hunch" should be excluded and work only logical, and to prove your point I made a mistake today using my stupid hunch.

I entered with buy at a point with the following reasons : it's a long with up trend, above yesterday close, above a support and the price when touched the previous support it bounced sharply, and it was going to shape 123

but it seems that it was not the case and since then the market dropped below that support forming a double top and reaching to yesterday's London session price and took off from there

I hate to see my self losing so I took another buy to a average that position and closed both with 1pip loose.......That's great for me

if I waited another half an hour I wouldn't take that long position but it's a good lesson for today

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Hola dde50;

Aunque yo nací en Madrid, toda mi familia tanto materna como paterna son de Fuente Obejuna, y voy de vez en cuando ¿no tendrás el cortijo, cerca de allí ?

Un saludo

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Yesterdays final tally EU +20 +50 = 70 pips. By 17.00 my time PA just missed my TP so I decided to let it run, moved my stop upto just below the BRN and shut it down. As you can see it got there much later.

Today EU +30. Took the 123 off the 5 min chart TP was the 161.8 Exp.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Sorry, I do not understand your question.

What tool do I use?

What swing points do I use?

How do I make them brown?

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hola.

Mi Cortijo está cerca de Iznajar, Córdoba. Si su familia es tan ruidosa como mis vecinos, entonces probablemente los conozco

--- 帖子 #580 ---
One further thing, Look at the higher time frame in particular the 15min and 1 hr, in that order, that would have made you think twice before going long at that point because every thing was pointing down.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Yes, I understand this but take for example your trade today on 1H and 15M , the chart was pointing down, still though you took your trade based on 5M chart along with the trend and just a bout before the news time, is that correct ?

--- 帖子 #582 ---
1hr and 15 min PA, TDI & Stochs were up, I entered at 09.15 gmt (10.15 my chart time) I entered using the 5 min to fine tune the entry, which also had a 123 along with the 15 min chart. News? what news? I pay no attention to news until after 8.30 NY time, if I worried about every news item marked in red on FF I would never trade, there would not be enough time between each news item. Any way I had already checked the expectations for the PMIs and they were expected to be positive, so no surprises there.

--- 帖子 #583 ---
well...actually I was confused for little bit, your platform time showed the last time was 9:45 and I had the impression that you and me have the same time zone (+3GMT) and actually that spike with that price and time is 10:15 my platform time, anyway as usual I Learn a new information from you as I was under the impression that as a technical trader "which hopefully I will be  " I should stay a way from the news and I was really confused as I was always trying to get in the market after the news, that's why I didn't get any trade today but thanks for correcting me.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #584 ---
This might help a little with the news. The whole thing about avoiding the news, is to my mind, a crock of s_ _t, just another myth. I was told that if I abused myself to often I would go blind, 30 years later and after much enjoyment, I still have 20 - 20 vision. I have traded the news, successfully, for years. You just need to be aware of the pitfalls.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Hey Dee,

Kindly check out the pm I sent you.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Valid 123break formation once price closes below the red line?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Thanks Dee, talking to you is fruitful as usual, and I believe an advice from a true trader like you who trade each day is better 100 times than who claims to be an educator or a mentor, you have been this markets for a long time ....

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #588 ---
EU +50 . News plus 123 +35= 85pips. 2 trades. 1st trade was a PA trade with TDI & Stochs confirmation. 2nd trade was a news trade using a 123 for the entry following the initial announcement.  TP for the first trade was a sensible 50 pips just below the Resistance of todays high. I just rounded up the TP to 35 for the news trade, seemed logical to expect both trades to terminate in the same area.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
you are a great trader Dee....

--- 帖子 #590 ---
EU +30. Straight forward 123 entry, visible on 5  and 15 min charts. Double Top and divergence on 1hr and 15min charts. TP confluence, 38% fibo of yesterdays low/high, BRN and S&R, 15 min 200 EMA just below. I am done for the day, sun is shining, birds are tweeting and I have a life beyond this monitor.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Yapee......I got the same trade with 25 Pips , as far as my reason was only double top along with 123 , target the next support and it worked

what I'm really happy for is that I'm taking the same trade with you " with the fact that I'm using nearly half of your logic because I'm still learning " , that means that I'm on the right track.....

Thanks Dee....... enjoy your weekend.....

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Hello, Dee

First, I appreciate your chart and knowledge sharing. It helps me a lot.  I see you often use divergences on TDI. When it comes to Divergence, I thought using CCI is better. In your trading example today, TDI had a diverence (15m) while CCI didn't have. If you don't mind, could you please share your experience with TDI divergence? Is this better than anything others?

Thanks

Justin

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Short answer. No. The TDI indicator is made up of a Smoothed RSI and is therefore no more reliable than any other indicator for ascertaining Divergences. My preference for Divergence is the Stochastics, this is why I have it on my charts. Others will tell you the CCI, RSI or MACD etc. It is just a matter of preference and the settings used, I have used Stochastics for years on the setting 8,3,3 and have found it to be an extremely good indicator of divergences on the time frames I trade, it also shows me what stage of the price cycle we are in.

The only way for you to decide which you prefer is to put a couple of them on a chart and make a direct comparison. Do a search on the web for alternate settings, many traders just use the default settings without realizing that those were the optimum settings when the indicator was first devised, since then then the market has changed.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Well done. Good analysis and execution.

I know you are trying out the TMS method. here is a link to a trader who started with Big E, his pseudonym is "Dginc" he has mastered the TMS method and adapted it and built a site specifically to help other traders, his expertise, knowledge and wisdom are second to none.

Start at this link. http://www.protradenetwork.com/contact-me/

The link says "contact me" but it is also his "About me" page, I recommend you read this first before progressing to the rest of the site.

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Thank you for your feedback Dee!

--- 帖子 #596 ---
EU +20 pips. Slow slow market, Not a 123,  but a Triple Top at the BRN 1.3300 was just begging for a quick (hah! 1.25hr) scalp. Counter Trend so a conservative 20pips. TP was confluence of the 200ema and trend line and short term S&R.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
it seems that we share a lot Dee...   and no wonder I felt lost today, I took the first sell early morning before london open and it went good for about 15 pip, then when london opened the market went back and took all so I ran a way with 1 pip... ..., the second trade was good for 15 pips and I didn't want to be greedy, but look where the market went through after your and my close !

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Dee, how do you decide whether to take only longs or shorts? Just looking at what side of the 200 EMA price is on?

--- 帖子 #599 ---
EU today is frustrating !

--- 帖子 #600 ---
EU +20 pip scalp. Nice straight forward 123 off Support, a quick 10 min scalp, just how I like them. My initial TP was a measured move using the Expansion tool, but when divergence formed at the BRN on the 1hr and 15min I took my pips.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I take Trend and Counter trend trades often one following the other. I am more interested in how a trade sets up, is it off the high or low of the day, S&R, Fib level, that is more important than the Trend. Take today for instance. The 200 ema on the 15 min is flat but on the 1hr it is up does that mean I will take only longs, no, at the moment Price has once again stalled at the BRN 1.3300, so despite what the Moving averages are saying I am keeping my eyes open for a possible short.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
I don't know why I feel stupid today, whenever I wake up early I loose patience during the day .

I took the first long today before london open and it was a nice 123 straight and forward and I was happy with those 14 pips, then I noticed that it's a continuation and I took another long, now here is what I think my problem is that I loos patience when I see there is a drawback......well I closed the trade with -12 pip so I got 2 pips for today.

I think I need to work more on discipline and trading psychology.......and stop waking up early !

--- 帖子 #603 ---
You need a kick up the a _ _ e. You went long when your TDI was OB and out side the bands, your stochastic was OB and starting to slope down. If you had zoomed out you would have seen that Price was at a congestion level and was likely to stall. Being impatient is one thing, being irrational is another You know better than that.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
EU +30 pips. That was the short I was waiting for. Simple 123 off BRN.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Dee,

I've been watching this thread for a while, and your posts are so inspirational to young, aspiring traders such as myself. I aspire to be as good of a daytrader as you.

If its not too much to ask, could you tell us more about yourself?

Do you trade for a living, ect?

I'd even urge you to make your own thread. This thread is dead, and the only reason I stay on it all day, is to hopefully catch your posts.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Yah I know , I deserve it, I'm not sure exactly but I can tell you that at the time when I took the first trade  TDI was in band and everything looked fine ,but I thought of more like price action as the price bounced off from a support and it was a 123, so I thought it was good to try it,

I admit that the second trade was  a mistake and I should look into the big picture and obsessively TDI, first

--- 帖子 #607 ---
If you see this post in time, you can catch the double top that just formed on USDCAD 1H chart. 123 formation forming on 5 minute.

Bearish divergence on 1H too.

EDIT: And even after all that, price still went against me after the 123, Dammit.

EDIT2: Just found out it was because I went short right next to a FIB retracement level. Should have remembered to plot it.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
I REALLY need to practice my patience.

Taking profits too early when price has more potential.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Hey Dee,

I bet that you took this one, right ?

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Nope! I was not here, got back just in time for the news. But well taken, good trade.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Thanks Dee......you are the best

--- 帖子 #612 ---
EU +45. 123 +News entry. I got back in time for this one. 123 off former resistance after a Double Top with Divergence on the 4hr and 1hr charts, had I been here I would definitely have taken that trade, but,  took an early entry following the news ADP and GDP. TP was confluence of 1hr 200 EMA and 61.8% Fibo this was also a minor S&R but I did not mark it up.

Hope you all took a bite at these trades as they were perfect set ups.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Hah......I was sitting here and watching the market and I didn't have the guts to take the trade on a demo account !, I guess that's what they call it as experience !

Dee .... you are never out of tricks.....

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Dee,

I have been marking yesterday's low-high using fib levels as you do.

Are there any other levels I should mark? Do you do the last week's low-high? Or is this all?

--- 帖子 #615 ---
I do the previous day H/L. And I look for Fibo confluences otherwise known as Fibo clusters. The attached PDFs are excerpts from a book by Carolyn Boroden alias the Fibonacci Queen, this is one trading book that I highly recommend buying.

PS. I will deal with your question about myself later, probably at the weekend as I am pushed for time at the moment.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
what a mess for EU today, Tokyo consumed more than 60% of ATR before even london opens , no wonder it's getting sideways with all of these news.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Avoiding NFP today? Why? Here is a link to a simple "how to trade the NFP"

http://www.forexpeacearmy.com/forex-...-2-2013-a.html

--- 帖子 #618 ---
yesterday I tried 2 trades, what an idiot I was.   Price had been in a 30 pip range, so what did I do? I went for a 40 pip target, as you can see I broke even twice for 2 pips each. The only redeeming feature of those 2 trades was that I moved my SL to B/E after 10 pips. BUT, I should have known better, I should only have gone for 20 pips each trade especially the second trade as resistance was quite obviously the 200 EMA and the trade was counter trend. The first trade target should have been the BRN 1.3200. Lack of concentration on my part cost me 40 pips.   Will I do it again? Probably, I am only human.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Do you really trade the news this way........cheeez at this point whenever I see news I still remove my fingers from the mouse...

I'll give a try today and see how it goes , would the price get slipped during these times or do you used pending orders to avoid that ?

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Waw , were you able to trade yesterday with all of these news and choppy price ?  I was barely able to take one trade and lost 10 pips , the market was crazy with no clear sentiment or any bias , I see it great to have positive pips with such situations

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Dee,

I have saved all those PDFs, and have been studying them and applying them, but my charts just end up getting complicated and cluttered.

I'd REALLY appreciate it if you could lay out how exactly you plot all of your S/R fib lines, so that I could replicate it.

I have been replicating your daytrading style, and am loving it, and would GREATLY appreciate it if you could take a moment to explain how you plot all your fib levels.

I already fully understand how to do yesterdays swing low-high with retracement, but if you could tell me the rest of the fibs you plot, I would really appreciate it.

So far, I look for the following:

1. TDI Cross on 15 min chart is a must.

2. Divergence on 15m/1H (optional).

3. Candle formations (Double top/bottom, 123break pattern).

4. Patterns must be off S/R zones such as fibs of last days swing low-high, and BRN.

5. Must be going from oversold/overbought to opposite.

6. Candle must close before entering trade.

Anything I am missing or could add on?

I am a newbie, and have been trying to find a strategy that suits me for a year now, but I am confident I have found it, and with your help, I could get it 100% right, as you have.

Thank you.

EDIT: I also understand the concept of fib extensions and expansions as explain in the PDFs, but am confused how to apply them to this type of trading. Can you show me an example, of how you would use them?

--- 帖子 #622 ---
EU +50 pips NFP News Trade. As usual a complete over reaction, but I am not complaining, got the normal 50 pips for NFP. That is me done for the day and the week.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Congrats Dee  , have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Exit is always the toughest art.......

--- 帖子 #625 ---
EU +20. 123 entry on the 15min chart following divergence at Major S&R BRN. Half off at +20 SL to B/E. Final TP is at 200EMA on the 1hr chart, or as PA dictates.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Final Tally today. EU +20 +43. Final target hit for the second part of my earlier trade.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
[highlight=rgba(255, 255, 255, 0)][/highlight][highlight=rgba(255, 255, 255, 0)][/highlight][highlight=rgba(255, 255, 255, 0)][/highlight][highlight=rgba(255, 255, 255, 0)][/highlight][highlight=rgba(255, 255, 255, 0)][/highlight][highlight=rgba(255, 255, 255, 0)][/highlight][highlight=rgba(255, 255, 255, 0)][/highlight]

--- 帖子 #628 ---
That's Great Dee.....

it seems that I'm improving and all thanks go to you , I managed to make 20 Pips and it seems that I'm copying your way   which is great way for a newbie like  me .I'll open a real account soon and work only your way.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #629 ---
So how is the beta for v7 going? The potential is great

--- 帖子 #630 ---
GU 5min 123 short below yesterday's high, for +22. Tgt @ the 138.2 extension and Frankfurt open support.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Yesterdays Trades. 93pips. 1. Straight forward 123 entry +30. 2. CT Pin Bar entry +18. 3. 123 Entry +45.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Congretulations! Really a good job. By the way, do you really see candle patterns at 5m chart? Is this reliable?

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Patterns are reliable, individual candles not so much, but, if you looked at the 15 min chart yesterday you would have seen the Pin Bar forming at the same time.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
So far today EU +45. Another 15min Pin Bar backed up by a massive 1hr Pin Bar and a 123 on the 5min to confirm entry. Look and you will see. The TP was a little difficult to judge and I had to go to the 4hr chart to find a suitable target, none the less, ultimately it was the oscillators going into OB that made me pull the plug. Backed up by Divergence and at a push a Double Top.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Similar trade yesterday...

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Thank you Dee. I know some people see pin bars very profitable, but I need more excercise using this candle. Thank you anyway.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Great Job Dee, I I thought that you took yesterday off since you didn't post your trades till today

- I have just one question : there were some opportunists for 123 pattern to be sold for today , but still you didn't take them , do you define your bias for the day and try to find entries that matches your expectation for the direction ?

--- 帖子 #638 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...24#post6855124

Sorry but I do not have much time available at the moment for responding. I do not spend my entire day watching the monitor. I have 2 alarms that I set one is time based and the other is Price based, When either sounds I return to the screen and have a look.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Hi dee50;

Where do you put the stop loss? :

Last swing, Fibo level, round number, fixed pips ....?

Gracias

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Hi dee50. Can you say us more things about this 2 alarms?

--- 帖子 #641 ---
are you telling me that you are getting these results and you are not watching the market all the time............. you keep amazing me, I mean what could be more important or how do you keep focus on what you want

is there a way that these two alarms that you use could be found on FF or anywhere  ?

--- 帖子 #642 ---
EU +30. No brainer trade.  Pin Bar + DT + Div +S&R + BRN, what were you waiting for? the market to take the trade for you?

--- 帖子 #643 ---
I am getting these results because I do not watch the market all the time. I do not get sucked in to taking a trade that is not really there, the longer you look at something the more detail you will see, real and imagined.

Price Alert is standard MT4. PDF attached explaining how

Time Alert is per the link. http://www.clocx.net/

or just search FF

I connected an external speaker to my PC so I can hear the alarms outside.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hah......Great at usual Dee.......I took 20 pips of this till the 123 pattern was completely formed, I took some loses this week so I'm being more careful than needed .

Green pips for you and wish you a happy weekend

--- 帖子 #645 ---
you are taking the words out of my mouth , I noticed that watching the market for long time I start to see and build relations that are not logical and at the same time I start to jump in at the first signal that's why I got some loses this week, I understood from you that I need glue my self to the monitor for a long time before reaching the point that you are already in , but I see my self starting to see and draw imaginary lines, trends and non sens trades   ,  Hah.....does this has a cure ?

--- 帖子 #646 ---
EU +20 +20. Not a 123 in sight, sorry. But a good example of trading a Range using TF trend to dictate direction. Taking shorts off resistance backed up by Divergence. Take sensible profit within the range, identified by support.

Hope it helps.

I am not going to be posting much, August doldrums I take more time off.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Another +20 off the news, I am going to call it a day.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Fantastic trading, Dee50.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
As usual great Job Dee  , but are you going to leave us a lone ?........ we have just started activating this thread and it looks great.

anyway....wish you the best and lot of fun.

--- 帖子 #650 ---
GU +60. 123 Entry, but entered a little earlier using the TTE because Support (200 EMA) was hit 6 times. TP was near base of Pin Bar, for obvious reasons. Nice trade but still only worth 30 real pips.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Great ride after news Dee....  .

I've send you a PM, would you please check on it when you have time.

cheers

--- 帖子 #652 ---
EU +22 +30. There were 2 123 patterns, one within the other on the 15 min chart, but I waited for the news which as fate would have it occurred right on the entry point for the second 123. Just 20 pips away was yesterdays high so I took one off at that point and targeted the 89% fib with another. The news was not strong so I doubted that price would move to far.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
That's Great Dee,..... Good job.

honestly I was completely lost yesterday and today, I was even more confused as the the EU was moving exactly opposite to the news .....it's too tricky for me

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Dee do you only trade the eu? If so, what do you do on the days where there aren't any good 123 patterns?

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Looking back at my last few posts you will see that I resorted back to Price Action trading. 123 is a good method to use but you should always have an alternative, I use 123, Price Action and for a couple of years now I also use the TMS (TDI) method or a combination of all 3.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
EU/JPY +13, USD/CAD +9.. I took two trades today, but I saw well over 4 over good trades I could of took but I didn't want to over trade . The first trade is eur/jpy.. notice how the market spiked up but couldn't make a new high so I shorted that.. The second trade usd/cad hit support so I short that for 9 quick pips ..

--- 帖子 #657 ---
EU +50 +20. 2 trades this morning 1 trend and a quick 20pip Pin Bar, S&R, Div CT. Every thing is on the chart. I am done for the day.. BUOB should have been BUEOB - Bullish Engulfing Outside Bar

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Nicely taken trades, sensible not to take every thing you see on the 5 min.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
EU +50 +20CT +50. I could not resist another trade. 123 off support, TP was confluence of, Daily S&R, BRN, 123.8% Fib & 100% Fib Exp. Nice total for the day.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
very nice trades Dee

--- 帖子 #661 ---
EU +35. 123 entry off the 5min chart. Taken 1 off at the 123.8% Fibo, final TP is just the other side of the BRN at the 161.8% Fibo. Price just missed my Final TP but SL is now at BE +12pips.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Nice work Dee...

I noticed that there were also 123 pattern before the news at 10:00 AM and the move looked like going up and went there for about 15 pips , still though you didn't take trade , do you set your bias for the day let's say that you would think sell for today and then look for signals that are confirming your thinking ?

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Closed my last one for +40. Pin Bar had formed off Support BRN, missed my final TP by just 2 pips, but Pin Bar at BRN and OS on the oscillators says "take what you have and be grateful"

--- 帖子 #664 ---
EU +20 News Trade. This is why I like news trading, 20 pips in as many seconds. As long as you remain realistic about your TPs news trading can be very profitable.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
One of the reasons I have not started a new thread on 123 trading is because it has already all been covered many times over. Most people are too lazy to search the forum for existing information, so, as this morning is very slow I have spent a few hours putting together a PDF of posts by "Paulus" from another thread. If this does not provide enough insight in how to trade the 123s then you should move on to another method.

Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
EU +25 +12. First trade was a 123 entry from the 5min chart TP was top of "anticipated Range". 2nd trade was a little more difficult because the BRN 3350 was in the center of the range and the number 2 point had formed on a Pin Bar thru the BRN, so, did I wait for price to break the bottom of the pin bar which would not give enough pips to the bottom of the range or, did I take a TTE for a scalp of just 12 pips or, did I pass. I opted for a TTE after price broke thru the BRN, for a quick 12pips. Was it worth it, in hindsight I should not have bothered I made the cardinal mistake of taking a dubious setup because I was bored.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
it seems I'm on the way of cloning your way Dee.....  , I took the first trade as you did but on GU as I thought the news for that pair would be more effective , I got long for 25 pips which I'm very happy with them , the second trade I entered short on EU after the pin because I saw BEEB on normal CS , I saw the pin par and said to my self " Dee will kill me if he sees me taking that trade.... " so I closed it winning 1 pip and you were right .......

Have a nice weekend Dee

--- 帖子 #668 ---
EU +55 +21. I did not take the breakout short first thing this morning, it happened much too quickly for me, so I sat back and waited for PA to hit S&R at 3320, then I waited for a 123 to form, there was one within an hour but there was not much air between the 2 & 3 point so, I waited. A shapely 123 did form and I took an early TTE entry, multiple choice TPs so I put the TP just below the BRN 1.3400 and trailed the stop. Market just ran out of momentum at the BRN so I took a quick scalp Fade Trade for +21. Today was a No News Day, in other words ignore all those little bits of useless data and just follow the PA.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
You rock Dee.......   just right to the point, we just need to cut the B.S about news as the market today moved exactly the opposite of the news which was marked with red on FF confusing everyone, just PA and trade what you see is the key , KISS  " keep it simple and stupid " will give you Pips with peace of mind !

--- 帖子 #670 ---
EU +40. I was out all morning but got back in time for NY open. Switched on and immediately given a nice 123 set up. TP was obvious and exit confirmed when News was $ negative. Chart says it all.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
You are the best!

Thanks for your charts and descriptions!

--- 帖子 #672 ---
EU +34. You have to be really patient and wait. Nice 123 TTE entry off Resistance and 50 EMA. TP was confluence of BRN, 100% Fib, 200% Fib Exp and in that area a Daily S&R. Some what meager pickings today, but I am out and gone. Adios.

--- 帖子 #673 ---
patience is the keyword today, I just called it out early and felt that the markets are not going anywhere but.....as usual you do your magic Dee and just get right into trade at the right time.......nice ride Dee..... have a nice week end.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Patience is a virtue, but combine that with knowledge and your losses will diminish. It is one thing to be a great technical analyst, but sentiment is also a powerful short term driver of the markets!. As day traders we need to be aware of the sentiment as it can move the market in the opposite direction to the technicals. Here are 2 reports that can help you, I have posted these before, but my daily pre trade routine is

1. Read and download the Danske Technical Update and the Danske Daily Update.http://www.worldwidereaction.com/smi...work/7_6_8.gif

2. Check FF Trading calendar for timing of News.

3. Open my charts check the sentiment against technicals.

4. Make Pips.

Hope it helps

--- 帖子 #675 ---
hi

i am newbie for this thread

first dee50 thanks

do you have a template ?

i downloaded indicators. added pic (eu m15)

--- 帖子 #676 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...76#post6731476

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Yesterday I took one trade EU +20. It was an excruciating trade that took 3 hours for just 20 pips. The 123 looked good as it was combined with a Triple top off Resistance and justified an early TTE entry, the 161.8% Fib Exp only gave 20 pips but initially it looked like it would get there quite quickly. I identified a Daily S&R at 1.3180 and put my TP there, but 3 hours later we were coming to the end of my trading day and price had still not gotten to the 161.8% exp, so I moved my TP up to the 161.8% and settled for 20pips. Had I not intervened it would have been 35pips as price did make it down to the Daily S&R.

Lesson for the day was. "Do not bugger about with your TPs, set it and leave it!!" If in doubt trail your stop!!

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Hi dee50,

is it ok ? i dont understand

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Is what ok?. I do not understand what you are asking.!!

--- 帖子 #681 ---
stopped trades

--- 帖子 #682 ---
EU +20. 123 on the 5min. But Pin Bar on the 1hr off resistance & the 4hr remains in OS so momentum is down, but caution is required so only a small TP. Divergence on the 1hr & 15min confirms exit

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Hah.....I took the same exact trade and didn't get out on the signs that pointed out, the market took back the 20 Pips and I ran a way wining 1 Pip.....Yapeee

Lesson of the day : Patience is a virtue , but shouldn't be combined with stupidity :nerd:.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Not that stupid, you did not let a winner turn into a loser.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Another couple of trades from the news. EU +30. +22. First trade was a Gap Fill trade, waited for the gap to be filled, then entered short following the positive dollar sentiment TP was between the 127 & 161 Fib exp. second trade I could not resist. Pin Bar rejection off the 50 ema. TP was same place as first trade, nice finish to the day.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Hat Off Dee for you Dee......... , I thought that I learned many Trix from you but you always have a new one........

--- 帖子 #687 ---
I dee,

a question,Do you trade when you gett the 3 dots only?

thanks

armyda

--- 帖子 #688 ---
That is a very lazy question you only need to look back at the last 3 pages of this thread to find an answer to that, I have just done it, it took only 2 minutes. And I have already answered the same question several times earlier in the thread.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
These days people don't even read the first page let alone the whole thread.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
EU +40. 123 entry off Support. TP was yesterdays High and S&R and 50% Fib, this formed Double Top confirming exit, oscillators also confirmed. Did not trade yesterday because the 4hr was saying go long, the 1hr and 15 min did not agree, sentiment was unclear due to both the EU and US data being positive and so under those circumstances it was best to do nothing.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
You always make it sound easy and simple .....and what's important just right into the Bulls eye .

sure it the wise thing to do as yesterday was unclear so not to trade but can you please how "Did not trade yesterday because the 4hr was saying go long, the 1hr and 15 min did not agree "?

--- 帖子 #692 ---
This should help

--- 帖子 #693 ---
EU +50. News trade. Draghi is guaranteed at least 50.It looks like it may fall more, but I would have to trail stop to carry on and chances are that price would just come back and I would only gain a couple more pips so I have learnt to take what I want and leave some for the others.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Hah....it's true , you said before that Dragi is good as 50 Pips !

--- 帖子 #695 ---
I can see that the 4H says up and 1H also says the same, the problem is with 15M I see it distorted till the end of the day then it got cleared for long, but by that time London session would end and most traders would give up at the end of the day, I'm getting that right ?

--- 帖子 #696 ---
and the tdi on the 1 hr. MBL and Red & Green all below the 50 showing momentum down, started to turn up slowly mid session but did not cross up over the 50 until late in the session.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
It was very simply tell  me yes or not

Everyway thanks Dee

--- 帖子 #698 ---
EU NFP +105. Standard catch it and run, followed by the usual Fade Trade. The third entry was actually a 123, ignore the big wicks and take the entry as price moved over the BRN 3150, if you look closely you will see a 123 inside a 123 as price hit the BRN twice before crossing over. All in All I love the big news days you can make a weeks worth of pips in a couple of hours.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
You are a true Guru Dee......no matter where the price run you are one step ahead of it ! Good Job and enjoy your weekend

Cheers

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Superb play on this one Dee.

Nailed all the swings!

You make it look so simple. haha

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Thanks for the compliments guys, but what I did was not clever or magic. Have a look at the attached 1 minute chart, the first entry was no more skillful  than entering as fast as I could following the announcement, the other 2 entries were just a matter of reacting to PA and what the oscillators were telling me.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
when do it seem 1 2 3 (blue and red arrow) points ?  after 3 break to 2?

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Sorry but I do not understand what you are asking. What blue and red arrow?

--- 帖子 #704 ---
I think that this might provide an answer for you. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...34#post5155334

I would suggest that you read this thread from the beginning, and the attachment  http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1259832

because you appear to be asking questions that you should not be, if you had grasped the basics of what a 123 is.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
sometimes the arrow shows when the candle closes without the round coloured dots and i then refresh the indicator and the arrow dissapears

is it repaint ?

--- 帖子 #706 ---
blue points LOST ?

A correct 123-break pattern is made invalid when price breaks back above #3 !

--- 帖子 #707 ---
You mean... 'repaint' ?

Any answer guys....

--- 帖子 #708 ---
If you had used "options" "search this thread" and entered "repaint" you would have found this post by the thread originator Robdee. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...52#post5211952

--- 帖子 #709 ---
The answer is here. If you had used "options" "search this thread" and entered "repaint" you would have found this post by the thread originator Robdee. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...52#post5211952

--- 帖子 #710 ---
i understood.. Thank you much

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Hey Dee. I'm Improving thanks to you , 34 Pips today !

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Excellent. Well done.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
I did not take this trade, I am some what lazy monday mornings. However, it does provide me with an opportunity to show you how you can use another pattern along with your 123, to determine the most likely place to take Profit. In this instance it is a Pennant pattern. PDF attached explaining the Pennant.

The 1-2 leg formed as part of the LO Fake out, the 2-3 leg pulled back to the TL Base of the Pennant, the early entry would have been as price broke thru the top of the Pennant for the second time, this would have given a 45 pip trade, the standard entry on the break of point 2 would have given 35ish pips.

There are a number of clues as to where price was likely to go. The confluence of Daily S&R and 50% fib & previous area of Resistance just a little lower.

Confluence of the 161.8% Fib exp and BRN 1.3200, this would only have given 15ish pips.

Using a measured move, Market Harmonics, this would have confirmed the most likely TP area was the confluence of Daily S&R, 50% Fib and previous Resistance.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Today EU +25. Yesterday EU. +2. +13 +30. Yesterdays trades to the left on the chart. Today straight forward 123. TP confluence of BRN and Daily S&R.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
EU +21 +15. First trade 123 entry off 1hr and 15 min. second trade was a news trade which despite the numbers being good went no where as news came out about 2 states not having accurate figures. What are they on about, since when have any government figures been accurate? have they never heard about the statisticians favorite tool, the Weighted Average.

--- 帖子 #716 ---
EU +35 pips. Just got back to find that this 123 went the distance.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
I'm not sure how do you do it but you milk every swing as if you already travel in time and read the price where it's heading and where it's going to turn back..... that's cool Dee

--- 帖子 #718 ---
My dear DEE  you are great.why dont you tell us (poor people) and SHARE US when we have to go short or long in real time??

Thanks DEE

--- 帖子 #719 ---
No mystery here, I own a Delorean. No, seriously, zoom out and look left all the clues are on the chart.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
EU +40. I had no idea that the Spanish were going to announce that they haven´t got a clue how to run their economy, but my grateful thanks to them, I do not have to wait for price to hit my TP.

No brainer trade, Multiple Tops, Multiple Bottoms, we are in a range. Strong Divergence, price was only going one way, back down. With Spanish help it happened much quicker.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
That's great Dee, do you follow up the news on Bloomberg or any other site to stay in touch with the updates ?

have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Thank you Dee for sharing your charts and tradings. I am leaning 123 patterns....

Have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Hi everyone, and thanks for the thread. I've downloaded the 123 patterns indicator a year ago, but could start using it pretty recently. I've tried to go through the posts, however, there is quite a lot. I've seen that there has been an alert coded for the v6 version, but the alert goes off quite often for me. My question is that has there been an alert coded for the v6 that only signals the appearance of the arrows, instead of alerting me of every price action move that goes below/above the recent high/low?

Thank you for the answer, and happy green pips for everyone.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Sorry for the delay in answering, have been on another thread picking up a few tips to improve things over here. In answer to your question. I use home page of FF and Forexlive,  Forex News | Currency News by ForexLive

I also use the direct government links for various reports or data. There are live news feeds, subscription, but generally I have not found them to be much faster than the free services.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
You have to change to V7 for an updated alarm. or. change "zigzag depth" from 1 to a higher number, Robdee the originator actually used a setting of 12. But you also need to remember that the alarm on V6 was an early warning, if you want an alarm as the arrow forms to indicate the cross of the 2 point youre entry will be late, which depending on momentum might only be a couple of pips to 10 pips or more.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
UJ +30. EJ +50. GU +42

Thanks to TEB63, I found what I needed to take my 123 trading to the next level. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=106165

I will explain later.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Good work Dee50

waiting to your explain to follow you man You are Crack

i want to share a good s&r numerical indicators v.v useful for me &  i hope to be with you

the majors SR is Green Red blue then for a small TF use the other you will find how  the Price respect it

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached File(s)   amro-hexagon-number-H1.ex4

6 KB
|
506 downloads

Amir

--- 帖子 #728 ---
WOW!!, Who is the mathematical genius who came up with this Indicator, I haven´t completely worked out the numerical sequence used but it is very clever.

You are right, it works really well, I am looking forward to monitoring this. Many thanks

--- 帖子 #729 ---
so that's where you have been , I thought that you were off or busy with something else

--- 帖子 #730 ---
AmirSaid - is that an MA ribbon on your chart or ichimoku cloud ?

--- 帖子 #731 ---
enjoy it brother the genisu is Egyptian as usual. jajajajaj

seriously is the best one that i found and for sure not Repainted is very important

in FOREX we are fight with the price numbers +time we have to find the harmony  between them.

(Música, es el arte de combinar el sonido con el tiempo #ParaGanarEnBolsa hay que saber combinar el tiempo con el precio)

but we still waiting to ur explain of the 3 charts yesterday

JAJAJA

have  a nice & green day

amir

--- 帖子 #732 ---
is ma ribbon

ema 5

ema 12

its quick and nice

try it

amir

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Thanks Amir - is there any description of exactly how we use these hexagon numbers?

--- 帖子 #734 ---
here you are the indicator was made for a numerical GAN & and something like this but i found it useful for all kind and respected by all price action

for me i mix it with my strategies

for PA

scalp 123 5&15 min

4 & 1 HR TMS

for Daily  3SS & D1 20-50

the number is where the price make its rest and stay for a long time monthly (main trend Up & down )

then the smallest wave at weekly and daily has own stops and place to take a rest and pullback or reverse ....PA etc..

on daily & lower is very very small waves inside  the weekly wave that inside and part of the main wave at monthly wave

sorry for my English

i tried to explain in images Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

enjoy it and pray for the clever who made it & a nice friend from Lebanon told me a bout it an gives it to me

share for all

--- 帖子 #735 ---
example for today

Ej  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hi guys! Good stuff here. 123 is perfect pattern. But it has one huge disadvantage, at last from my point of view, and unfortunately I could not manage with this. It has poor RR ratio.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
In all honesty, I struggle to believe that anyone in this thread is making money trading the 123 pattern.

Anyone who has tried it knows how horribly low the success rate is, even when used off of S/R.

But to each his own. If it works for you, then it works for you.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
...yes, TEBs recently revived 1.2.3. thread, will help improve the 123 win rate considerably.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
123 does not work!!!! No One makes money from 123!!!!

Here is an example of 4 trades this morning, all started from well defined S&R levels, with average R:R 1:2 using the 200 Target level as defined by TEB´s method. When price comes within a couple of pips of the 200 move SL to B/E (no R:R) free trade. SL goes initially above/below the 3 point.

This is my futures platform so the pairs are clockwise. EU, GU, AU and Yen $ (UJ)

If you have not yet done so, go look at TEB´s thread, just bare in mind that the thread started and ended in 2008 when all pairs had a much greater daily range, so you need to adjust your expectations for today´s market.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=106165

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Like I said, if it works for you, then I am also happy for you.  I'm not here to bash anyone.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
EU +24 +50. AU +35. It has been a good morning for V6. Took a bit of heat on EU, Finger started twitching on the mouse button but resisted the urge to close came very close to my SL but that is what it is there for.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Dee - are you using a secondary 123 indi as well as the Robdee v6? I'm assuming the MA's are from TEB's thread.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Here. http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1226036

MAs. Yes

--- 帖子 #744 ---
I just went through the whole thread.

Dee, if you were doing so well (which it seems like you were), then why are you switching your strategy so drastically?

Your scrapped your old strategy, added a couple of MA's and said "He took my trading to the next level". I really can't tell if you're being serious or not.

I even remember you saying you don't have losses anymore.

I find this really hard to believe.

It seems like the newbies in this thread are having the piss taken out of them.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Do you want me to point out to everyone just how many systems you have been in, and started off by calling the OP "my friend" to grease your way in, only to not be profitable within about 10 days and then you degenerate into calling the system rubbish, and eventually to tell the OP that he is a liar? I have read all of your posts, and I can back up what I'm saying. Do you want me to produce the posts where you laughed like a hyena because you had 'cracked this FX thing', and "no broker was going to get any more of your money"......only to come back a few weeks later, cap in hand and start (yet) another thread where you're virtually begging for help? Do you want me to do that?

FX trading isn't for you, you are a persistent loser at FX trading and you are in no position to judge what works and what doesn't, because EVERYTHING you have tried, you have failed at. But you blame the system and eventually blame the system developer and not yourself. YOU are the reason you keep failing, and you still expect to download a system, spend 10 - 20 days (maximum) and expect to be rolling in more money that scrooge mcduck.

I have no idea if this system works *for me* or not, but I do know that dee50 has more skill and experience that you can dream about. If this system, like every other system BAR NONE that you have 'tested' (for not more that 20 days ROFL), doesn't work for you, then MOVE ON.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Hi,

If you do not like, or do not understand how this method ........ 123. Why us how a kangaroo jump and find another thread with the "Holy Grail".

P.d_  Sorry My English, neither work for me

--- 帖子 #747 ---
I agree with you

--- 帖子 #748 ---
EU +30 +50. 2x 123 entries on the 1Hr chart. one within the other, entered 1 lot on the first and 1 lot on the second. First TP was the 200, second TP was for 50pips just over the BRN  3550. Four bounces off the 38.2% Fibo confirmed it as support. So, not a difficult decision.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
hi

beauty of 123 system

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Thanks RJ, I was not going to bother responding to this  person, waste of time, I checked out his posts too, the term petulant brat springs to mind.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Hi Dee50,

I was reading this thread from friday and the system of 123 is great system. i would like to thank to you and rob for wonderful work..

i would like to ask you one thing if u dont mind, you also took the same trades on EUR/USD is your entrys are triger by EA or u did manualy..

thanks

kind regards

jeet

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Exactly, and this mornings trade was a no brainer as your chart clearly shows.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
I enter all my trades manually. There are a number of EAs here on FF for automating trades but I personally have never used any of them, Cavemanager was one that PHx62 uses on the Trading Made Simple thread.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Thanks for quick reply...

No EA got it..

--- 帖子 #755 ---
I'm trying to learn this system.

What you think about using regular fractals (5 candles) to spot 123?

A fractal of 3 candles is enough to be considered a max/min?

Hope to be clear with my poor english

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Another live trade on 123 pattern.... going to move my sl to entry point..

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Brilliant thread. I have subscribed. I hope this will be helpful for the EA I'm working on

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Take profit hit...

--- 帖子 #759 ---
I think you would be better off using the standard Zig Zag indicator, visually it provides a much better indication of the 123 pattern, I know TEB63 uses the standard fractal indicator I personally find that the fractal indicators are too busy and you will struggle to identify 123s, however, I found a fractal indicator that is adjustable, play around and see what works for you.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Nice early entry. can you explain your reasons for taking the entry so early, rather than on the break of the number 2 point? It would be really helpful. Thanks

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Yes - I had exactly the same question.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
my reasons to enter into the trade... one thing i forget to mention see how price is rejected at 38.2 level..

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Great to see some live trades here.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Hope this has not been answered previously. I did read the thread, but rather quickly. Have a great deal of confidence in 123Pattern trading... Question, looks to me that there are some missing,"dots," in 123PatternsV6 chart. A Buy is signaled at one point, but the set up pattern is not shown. Changing to 123PatternsV5 indicator no Buy signal is given. Any input will be greatly appreciated. Anyone... dee50, hoping for your input on this.

--- 帖子 #765 ---
An arrow without dots means it's a distorted pattern. It means it's not exactly how a 'perfect' 1-2-3 pattern should look like, but it's close to it.

Please also see robdee's answer to a similar question in post no.49

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...07#post5155407

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Thanks, that was it. Had ShowAllBreaks true on V6 chart. Many green pips...

--- 帖子 #767 ---
I miss this trade, but just putting for education purpose.. look at candles what they are telling us price action is king..

--- 帖子 #768 ---
This is beautiful...

--- 帖子 #769 ---
jeet - are you picking these yourself and drawing your own fibs or using one of the many 123 indi's that does it for you?

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Hi handy,

i always do every thing my self, i stick to 15 mns chart and only main pairs eur/usd, usd/cad,nzd/usd, aud/usd and gnb/usd whenever i see 1 and 2 points i use fib and write 3 myself around 50 to 38.2 fib. then i start looking for price action at these levels like pin bar, enguling candels..

hope this helps you.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Decided to do some overnight set and forget trades. EJ +65. AU +36. UJ +50 EU +25 +25. Used S&R levels as targets. AS you can see I could not eat my breakfast this morning because I was grinning so much.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Jeetvirk, thank you very much for your input, it will be very nice to have some body else here posting and providing a different perspective. looking forward to seeing more.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Great Job Dee

me just enjoying holiday  today with family.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
nice! its same as MTI's UTP strategy. Only they use ABCD.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
EU +50. The usual 50 pips from Mr Draghi.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Missed my entry by few pips, i was not in front of the computer..

--- 帖子 #777 ---
hopefully this will hit the target other wise i will close it at 1:1 RR

--- 帖子 #778 ---
jeet - are you using zigzag now as well ?

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Not regularly i just put to see how it looks, but i close the trade at 1 :1 RR.. but i think to be a smart trader you have to be one step ahead from price...

--- 帖子 #780 ---
This is beautiful, i read some where on FF it says if you know what u r doing one pair is enough to make money..

--- 帖子 #781 ---
I jeetvirk

i like to know what average use with TF 15 min.Thanks

--- 帖子 #782 ---
For over 5 years now I have only traded the eurusd, it has only been in the last couple of weeks that I have decided to watch and trade the EJ, AU,UJ and GU as well, mainly because the daily range has been so small on the EU it has been difficult to make enough pips to justify getting out of bed.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
EU +40 123 entry on the 1hr. TP was the 38% fib and recent S&R level. Set it, move stop to B/E and leave it. For my part I went out and cleared my vegetable patch of the summer plants and started getting it ready for the winter crop.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
GU +70. The 123 occurred earlier outside my trading time, but the angle of the MAs showed good momentum so I took the trade once price broke below the S&R level. Targeted the 200 even though there was an S&R level just below. Do not be greedy take the pips where you are most likely to get them, you lose less and gain more. I can not get excited about the GU as the pips are only worth half, so 70 sounds good but it is really only 35.

Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Hi,You  have token your "1" in order to misure Fibonacci  high but thera were other "1" aften Why you didn't  take this 1?

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Simple. HTF 4hr. also the next 1 was part of consolidation not a swing point. I have said this before but I will say it again, the indicators are an aid to learning to recognize 123s, I personally do not use them to make trade decisions.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Thanks Dee

Have  a good weeK end

--- 帖子 #788 ---
EU +25 +25. Nothing fancy, straight forward 123 short, TP S&R. Followed by Pin Bar entry long TP S&R.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
, did you add new stuff to your strategies as you were following other posts ?

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Are there any EA's that are built on this thread???

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Yes, of course.

In fact, several here in Forex Factory.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Would you, or anyone, be kind enough to share?

I am trying to build an EA myself and feel that "123 patterns" should be at the core of it.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
123 Trading :

Here are some videos which can help you learn to trade the 123 the easy way.

http://www.compassfx.com/video/#1-2-3

--- 帖子 #794 ---
The EA I mentioned are MPTM, THV Cavemanager, Swiss Army EA.

These are good EAs for trade management.

But you have to decide on the trade entry trigger using the 123 pattern.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
For those of you trying to build an EA for 123, here is one that I found on another forum. Good Luck.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
my scalp 123

ej 15 tmf

entry with PA + 50%

out 127 % fbio  Fbio Attached Image (click to enlarge)

have a nice day all bro

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Yes. I took TEB63s method of determining the TP, I used this to replace the 161.8% fib expansion that I used before, although if you place both on a chart you will find that there is not much difference between the two. And I use TEBs MAs on the EU 5 min chart and on the other pairs that I trade. I have kept my EU charts the same because I still trade the TMS method as well and I see no reason to have lots of different charts open when I do not need to.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
yesterday GU 1 Hr TF

i use 62 EMA is fantastic one for my

and out 161 % fibo o last swing

i still learning to hit TP like dee50 at 200 but  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

dee50 you must teach us to understand it more

thanks

--- 帖子 #799 ---
You hit the 200, you just needed to draw your fibs in the right place. Plus, look for the S&R levels these will give you confirmation of your TPs. Price will go to the S&R levels more often than it will go to the 200, why? Because the S&R level is Factual, price has been there before and thousands of traders are viewing them, the 200 level is a theoretical level that is only observed by people using it. In this instance the 200 was a good level for TP because it was close to the S&R level.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Hi Dee trading usdyen? if yes can you quikly tell me TP?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
thanks bro

done fibo +200 + S&R

--- 帖子 #802 ---
i want to share this with all of you is very useful

to know how to use S & R & ema 62

very good file
Attached File(s)   Translated version of CSR100.pdf

6.9 MB
|
3,314 downloads

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Thanks Dee

i think 300 ?I supposed it

So yellow 300 is an a extention fibonacci(which is in MT4 tools?)

Thanks again?

--- 帖子 #804 ---
The area of the 200 is more realistic, the 61.8% Fib retracement coincides with a previous area of support, just below that the 78.6% Fib retracement coincides with a HTF S&R level. The 300 is a longer term possibility, so your TP depends on how long you want to wait.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Amirsaid - tried to download your pdf but it said file was corrupted and not repairable.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
you know , I also like your method and try to clone it , combining TMS with specializing in one pair would enhance the chances on it, at least you would have only one pair to focus on and have a better chances with it plus it's less stressful on the long run....

Cheers

--- 帖子 #807 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...4&d=1353245006

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Clues. Sherlock would have been a great trader.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
EJ +55 UJ +40. standard 123s

--- 帖子 #810 ---
dee50: Do you have an indicator who type 1,2,3 points or do you type this?

You said this thing but I forget! Sorry!

Congratulations for your profitable trades and thank you!

--- 帖子 #811 ---
That's great  EU was too tricky today and I stumbled many times today ending with some lose  :nerd:......Dah...I should know when to stop beating a dead horse !

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Here http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1226036

--- 帖子 #813 ---
EU is a bitch at the moment, very small daily range that is why I have started monitoring EJ UJ AU GU, on the 1 hr TF, they are not always better but EJ and UJ have slightly larger ranges at the moment. I find GU generally has decent moves but I try to keep that in perspective as GU has a lesser $ value per pip.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
EU +40. It is Friday, nothing on the other 4 pairs. I have made some pips. It will do.  Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Hi Dee can you share me your TF15 setting 123 show?

like aggression number
Behaviourswitches

Rejectifheightlessthan ecc... ecc..
thanks

--- 帖子 #816 ---
All TFs. Do not bother showing the Ross Hooks, I never saw the point of them. I also set maxbars to 100, puts less strain on the processor, you only need a greater number than this if you are back testing.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Fibonacci. Still do not get it? Try this.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Hi dee50 and all others here on this thread. I've been following along in the back ground absorbing the teaching of the senior guys, and just want to say thank you. I'll be posting charts shortly and will welcome all feedback. Thanks

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Heres an H1 trade that worked out for approx 68 pips. Comments welcolme

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Heres another trade that stopped me out before resuming the uptrend.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Not sure what to make of this one, and that's why i need to keep following the rules. 13 pips

--- 帖子 #822 ---
I need to start just selecting A+ trades. This was still an overall profit, but in hindsight shouldn't have entered when I did.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Got stopped out on this one just plain and simple.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Heres 2 trades one right after the other. First was a loss, 2nd was a win.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Ill keep posting the good, the bad and the Ugly, If anyone is interested. Im here to learn, so if anyone wants to comment, by all means.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
back to work

--- 帖子 #828 ---
EU +55. 123 Entry on 15 min chart but TP based on 1 hr 123 and confluence of BRN and 200 Exp. Do not know what caused the spike down but it means I do not have to be around all day, I am done.

GU +40. Not a 123 but a lovely Pin Bar with divergence at resistance, it does not get any more inviting than this. Thanks to Jankone and Ryan they made me aware of the Pin Bar

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Good job Dee

but what is your 123indicator settings on 15mins chart because its not showing sell signal on my charts..

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Same settings as in this post.  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...99#post6835099

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Thanks Dee, i think i overlook this post

--- 帖子 #832 ---
I am not going to respond to all your charts individually, but here are a couple of examples of what you seem to be missing. I am not sure what dictates your entry points, it is almost as if you are following another method other than 123.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
GU +50 +41. Straight forward 123 from strong S&R, but Long Tail on the 1-2 leg, no sentiment today until Draghi this evening, so realistic 50 pip Target, had a second runner just in case but closed it as we are going into consolidation, maybe even a reversal.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
I took the same entry and ran a way with 15 pips......

--- 帖子 #835 ---
GU +100. Just got back to find this on my computer

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Dee, Where did you drew your support and resistance from that GU chart?

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Thx dee for your comments. Yeah Ive still got to concentrate more on just 123 type entries. I appreciate your feedback.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not to good

--- 帖子 #839 ---
another one

--- 帖子 #840 ---
and another

--- 帖子 #841 ---
clearly along way to go....

--- 帖子 #842 ---
EU +44 +70.

GU +50 +100

"Focusonmoney" See the lines on my charts, see what price level they are at, now draw the same lines on your chart and scroll back, what do you see happening when price hits the line. Practice looking for levels, after some time it becomes much easier. Start on the Daily, then change down to the 4Hr, then to the 1Hr. Use the 1hr and 15min for your short term S&R levels. Another way is zoom out, you will see the levels much more easily, they actually become obvious when you zoom out.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Great Trades Dee, Really learning lots from you.....

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Great Job Dee,

I want to know how you enter into the market, or u place pending orders..

thanks

regards

--- 帖子 #845 ---
This morning I used Market Orders, I opened the charts saw the trades and entered. Other times I use pending orders, depends on how the PA is setting up. If I am not sure I wait and use a market order. If the pattern looks good and the entry point is not near a major level I will use a Pending order. Sorry, does not help much does it? but I am a Discretionary Trader.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Support & Resistance. Supply & Demand. Here are a few things to help you. Had to split this E Book to upload it. 001 is first. 064 is second half. Written by a young man, "PhanTi" at the tender age of 21. Do you think he will do well in trading.? Had a couple of threads here on FF.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
That's great Dee, I knew that you will beat the market today, I took today the same entries like you did , but my problem is the same I can't wait for the right exit , I still work on Demo which I treat like real, whenever I have few pips I just close the orders and when I look few hours later to see the market I start to hit my head into the wall, whenever I have a loosing trade I wait for days to minimize the loose , but for a winning trade few pips would make me want to run a way with them like a jerk !

I know that patience is a virtue but I cannot be patient unless I'm loosing.....Dah...

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Welcome to the club. Same problem for every one. In fact it is the single biggest reason for many traders failing!!! The only way to overcome this problem is through confidence, you develop the confidence over time to set your target and leave it alone. I am concerned that you will not take a loss and hold on to a losing trade trying to mitigate your loss, that is the road to ruin, cut your losses short and re enter, if you panicked to soon. Or take a smaller position size, one that does not hurt so much

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Aha.... so I'm not a lone in this and it's the human nature and the only way to overcome this is by experience !! it's strange that we all live in a world of uncertainty and we accept it , but when it comes to money and known loose we start to run away.

it's good to know that it's not only me and building confidence over time will not consume all the capital " I hope " , I agree with you that it's better to cut your losses and re enter.

Thanks Dee...... you are the best !

--- 帖子 #850 ---
EJ +22. GU +20. UJ +40. 2 CT Pin Bar Trades and a 123.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Good Way to go Dee , since EU had a big move yesterday, it's wise to stay a way from it for today , I can see that you are have moving averages all over the charts , do you rely on them as targets ?

Have a nice week end !

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Please,

can some coders add alert sound to show123v2?

thank's in advance

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Ask in the Tech forum that is where the programmers hang out.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
I do not have many MAs. Using the TEB method, 100 EMA 30 EMA 5 EMA. On my EU charts 50 EMA 200 EMA. I only use the 200 EMA as a potential target because so many pro traders have that on their charts and it usually forms S&R because of this. If an ema is part of confluence, then yes it is a target or it is part of the target. Any other time I TP at or near an MA it is coincidence and there is usually another more pertinent reason for taking profit in that area.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
This weeks EU trades. +235 pips. NFP was very generous to me, I was in the market prior to the announcement, with a very small 10 pip SL, so the gap up was very beneficial to me. The rest of the week was extremely bitty, so I set my TPs at realistic points. Today, to alleviate the boredom of trading, I am going to watch the paint dry on my walls and maybe count how many grains of rice there are in a 1Kg bag.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Good way to go Dee, I just cannot understand how do determine the reversal point when close the sell and open long positions like on the 23th  and 24th days.

have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
You only trade 1 hr now?

--- 帖子 #858 ---
This is one of the methods I use the most.  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...hlight=jankone

or, here is a PDF of Jankone´s posts

The other is Candle Reversal Patterns. PDF attached, there is a lot of info around on this subject, but the attached keeps it simple.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
When does Price hit the Session Day´s High or Low??. Do you care?? As Day Traders you should! If I need to explain why then you should not be reading this.

Here is a link to Thomas Bulkowski´s site where he conducted a study, the results are interesting. Bare in mind this is stocks, the results will be slightly different for Forex and for each pair, but it is not difficult to do a simple back test. Remember you need to test the times when you are awake and trading so that the results are relevant to you, to often I see backtest results covering 24/5, fine if you are an algorithm that never sleeps.

http://thepatternsite.com/IntradayHighLow.html

Also interesting

http://thepatternsite.com/studies.html

And

http://thepatternsite.com/CandleEntry.html.   and   http://thepatternsite.com/Hammer.html   and  http://thepatternsite.com/ShootingStar.html

and   http://thepatternsite.com/BearEngulfing.html  and  http://thepatternsite.com/BullEngulfing.html

--- 帖子 #860 ---
You are a story Dee !

--- 帖子 #861 ---
That's Cool , but do you think that anyone can memories 50% of these patterns and shapes  !

--- 帖子 #862 ---
you do not need to remember then all at once geomoon.  Start with one and you know you have to be aware of S/R, round numbers, daily H/L

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Yah, I like Pin Bar at support or resistance, it looks pretty much reliable , also other forms have a better probability at that area.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #864 ---
The reason I used this site as an example is because he is one of the few Analysts who has actually done the research and listed the Success and Failure rates for candle patterns, too many people talk about candlesticks and Patterns as if they were a foregone conclusion whereas the reality is very different!!! The Pin Bar on it´s own only signals a reversal 59% - 60% of the time, however Bulkowski did not test the Pin Bar at S&R levels had he done so he would have found a significant difference in the predictive success rate! So you are correct in choosing the Pin Bar (Reversal Bar) at S&R.

Bulkowski´s analysis of a 123 Pattern, although different to how we use it, he uses a trend line in the pattern, shows that this pattern confirms a trend change 73% of the time. My own analysis in Forex, puts this figure at closer to 86%.

http://thepatternsite.com/123tc.html

His analysis of an ABC correction (Measured Move) is closest to our 123. But he actually Analised each leg of the Pattern and evaluated the success rate of a 100% expansion. Check out the "Measured Move Up Trading Tips"

http://thepatternsite.com/mmu.html

"The measure rule predicts a price target! This works 83% of the time in a Bull market and 93% in a Bear market

http://thepatternsite.com/PatternReview5.html

--- 帖子 #865 ---
You are a story Dee !You are a story Dee !

--- 帖子 #866 ---
I'm not sure but I feel that his version of 123 matches the broken trend strategy, is that right ?

also his ABC matches the harmonic version of AB= CD or 100% fibo expansion

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Spot On.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
EU +32 +25. Time to take profits, TDI and Stochs OS and possible Pin Bar forming on the 1Hr. In this market take profit while it is on the table, if PA moves down then I can Re enter.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
UJ +35 BPC (123) entry

EJ +35 123 (BPC) entry

All in all not a bad mornings work, but until the market says otherwise, only taking small profits within the S&R levels.

--- 帖子 #870 ---
I Dee

Now do you go short eur\usd?

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Now I'm sure that you are a time traveler !

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Not until we get some confirmation. Remember technically we are still in an uptrend and have not yet completed the move to 1.3850 - 70 ish. Plus dollar news was negative, I am erring on the side of caution.

Edit.

2 consecutive Pin Bars have formed on the 15 min, but just below them is a BRN 1.3800, so it is tempting to fade this move but I would wait to see if the BRN becomes support.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I keep meaning to have a chat with Forbes, they have me in the wrong place on their list.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
excuse me dee can you share me your round number indi?

thanks

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Here is the round number indi.

Looks like we should have gone short EU, but then Hindsight is 20/20 vision. I still would not have expected price to completely reverse, did I miss some news?

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Thank's very much

--- 帖子 #877 ---
No news but in this period the euro is stops running full!!

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Dee I don't see in your charts pivot daily weekly or montly

Not are they important for you?

thanks

--- 帖子 #879 ---
I stopped using them about 12 months ago, and concentrate more on the S&R levels. There was some research done on the effectiveness of Pivots I can not find it at the moment but I will try and find it tomorrow, it is supper time here.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #881 ---
I found what I was looking for. Here is a link to that post.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...60#post6128560

Also.

http://www.investopedia.com/articles...#axzz282lnHUbg

--- 帖子 #882 ---
thankyou Dee so much

--- 帖子 #883 ---
what a messy day for EU !

--- 帖子 #884 ---
EU +88. Yesterdays EU trade, straight forward 123 entry signaled on the 1hr and 15min. There where 2 possible targets, confluence of the 200% Exp and BRN 1.3500 or confluence of the 78% Fib Ret and BRN 1.3550, I opted for the first because there was a S&R level just below. Easy choice for the trade just look at the angle of the TDI and the MAs showing very strong downward momentum.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Good way to go Dee , can you please tell me what did I wrong here ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Here this might help.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
EU looks compelling for a CT trade, we have 15 min very nice Pin Bar at support with divergence, BUT the 1hr does not agree, so I will wait for confirmation.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
my reasons were, 123 off support and off BRN, TDI on 15M were green over red over MBL, 1H TDI also were crossed up at that time but below MBL.

I know that this is a CT and have a higher risk than with the trend but  in many cases CT trades went fine,I found that CT are fine when there is a trading range not when a strong trend starts to roll, as you said there were a lot of broken Pin bars later that were broken which indicates that CT trades are not advisable at that time

Thanks to the help Dee.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Hi Dee,

Would you have considered this one on EJ?

1 hr inside bar with bullish divergence at the 61.8 retrace of the move up from 8th Oct to 22nd Oct.

Also 132.627 support from 15th Oct low.

15 min retraced but did not close below the 78.6%. Didn't make it back to the previous high but possibly good for 20?

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Patience would have paid off (it is Friday!).

Y's low, fib exp 161.8 and the 4 hour 200 ema.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Hi Ian sorry I did not respond. You are right waiting for a better entry did pay off. +35. Here is what I saw. I am not a big fan of Inside Bars and I prefer to see the TDI come out of the OB/OS areas, also I do not take any notice of divergences that occur inside the OB/OS zones, part of the divergence has to be outside the zone especially after such a strong and determined move.

Also

UJ +40. A BPC entry after short term S&R level broken confirming continuation of the longer term trend.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
I am disappointed, I had hoped that some one would challenge me and even slap my wrist for considering a CT trade in such a strong down trend. The term "Catch a Falling Knife" has been used often. However, caution was justified when another Pin Bar confirmed reversal back into trend. I did not take that signal because Support 1.3500 was only 20 pips away and the candles were getting smaller, there was also a rumor of a large offer at the Bid at 1.3500 which had the potential to turn around and bite you on the arse.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
My new avatar.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Common Dee , usually you are the one who slaps on the rest here   , beside you already slapped your rest and said WAIT.........

Some say you have to lend me that crystal ball that you have and we'll make Voodoo session together......

Cheers

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Cool !

--- 帖子 #896 ---
I am not a Fortune Teller, I do not have a crystal ball, sorry, I am a Historian, I use Hindsight to guess where price may go, what has been will come again. The market repeats it´s self over and over again, I just look left and ask myself "where do you think it will go"? "What supports that"? Confluence, Fibs, S&R, MAs etc. Where this becomes difficult is when the market makes a historical high/Low and you have to resort to a purely technical assessment because there is no information to the left!

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Yah, I know that I'm just kidding . I don't think that you are historian, because this would mean that history teachers would be leaders in everything in this world including this market, which is for sorry not the case.

the debate that you start between you and your self before every trade for where and when and compiling that logic based on your history or what you trained your eye to see makes that trade good , at the end Good Job Dee !

--- 帖子 #898 ---
EU +168 +35. Yesterdays rate decision. Caught the announcement with a bracket limit order, good job too because wow did it drop!! second trade was a fade 123 signaled on the 15 min.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
EU +43 +20. NFP trade. I am done for the week. Have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Not sure what is going on with this last pattern. Should not point #2 be at the low of the candle indicated? Zig-ZagDepth set to 1...

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Mine works fine, set on 3

--- 帖子 #902 ---
EU +50. So many things confirmed this trade that you could take your pick.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Dee......You make trading sound like just walk in the park .......... how many years did you trade till you reached this point ?

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Ok, that makes sens, now why did I screwed up this time ? is it greed because I waned more than 15 pips ?

--- 帖子 #905 ---
UJ +40 +20. Pin Bar off support followed by123 Entry

EJ +50 straight forward 123 Entry off support

--- 帖子 #906 ---
The Pic makes it obvious. You will kick youreself.

Sorry, I went away for a few days, personal stuff.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Well, I did see that and saw that also you and many others did take many counter trend trades many times, it seems that counter trend targets have always to be small targets and should always have the stop at the breakeven even if a good entry is there...... or just always follow your friend " Trend " and have less headache !

hope that you had some fun while a way

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Measured Moves.

For those of you who are not sure where to Take Profits, here is a good article from "No Brainer Trades". Particularly relevant for 123 trades

http://www.nobrainertrades.com/2013/...rst-drive.html

--- 帖子 #909 ---
EXIT SCENARIOS: realization that your plan is defunct.

Here is some more good advice from "No Brainer Trades. The article is about trade decisions, read it all, but take note of "E - Exit Scenarios".

http://www.nobrainertrades.com/2013/...-decision.html

--- 帖子 #910 ---
7 version sometimes ceases to draw the graph. How to fix it?
sorry my en

--- 帖子 #911 ---
EU. +77 +50 +60 +50 +30 +25 +35 +30

EJ. +60 +60 +55 +7 +25 +50

My trades for the week. Due to the market I had to depend on S&R, 123 and TDI so there are a mix of entry types on the charts, for that reason I have not explained the entries on the charts, but most of the entries were 123 & S&R combinations.

I have found an interesting sessions marker which includes Total pips for each session. I normally trade from 9 - 5 GMT +1 and I found it useful to know how many pips were in each session rather than total daily pips, it helped provide a more realistic expectation of what I could expect to gain each day as a Day Trader. If I was Swing trader then that knowledge would be irrelevant.

To set it up just enter your session start and end times based on your broker times, eg. My broker is GMT +2 so my session times are 10.00 - 18.00.

F8 on the chart and select "show object descriptions" to show the session pips.

When scrolling back you may get some elongated session boxes I found that changing TF and back again easily fixes that, the thread I found the indi on said refresh the chart but that did not work for me.

Enjoy

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Please don't take this the wrong way, but do you ever lose?

--- 帖子 #913 ---
If you mean do I ever get stopped out for a loss, Rarely, Look at EJ 25th Nov, 1st trade, I closed for only a 7 pip gain this was a counter trend trade and it looked to me like it was reversing back into trend so I closed it. 2nd trade I re-entered following a 123, I targeted the BRN 137.000 which was short term S&R but Stochs went down to OS so I adjusted my TP back to the congestion area just to the left.

Looking at the 2 charts do you see any reason why I would have taken a loss?

Another reason is, I do not over trade, look at the charts, I am averaging 1 trade per day, I have plenty of time to make the decision to trade.

It was not always like this, I used to lose loads and then spend twice the amount of time getting it back, the difference now is I "Never" let a winner turn into a "loser", I have been trading the same pairs with the same method for years and I have learnt to pick my targets and leave it alone unless PA tells me otherwise.

Hope it helps

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Thanks Dee, have been following this thread for sometime and your teachings are very valuable in the 123 strategy along with other PA and fibs , thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Yesterday EU +50 BPC Entry off a Trendline Break

Today. EU +44 AU +50. Both 123 Entries off Dbl Bottoms with divergence.

Nothing Fancy but it works for me.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
2dee50

Я смотрю у Вас торговля идет хорошо.

Только на скринах не вижу индикатора 123, в ручную определяете паттерн?

Если не сложно - опишите правила для входов: напишу робота, посмотрим что получится.

******

I see you have a trade goes well.

Just do not see on screen display 123, manually define the pattern?

If not difficult - describe rules for inputs: write robot, see what happens.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
google translate?

--- 帖子 #918 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #919 ---
The 123 indicators that are available are good for training your eyes to recognize the 123 patterns, but I do not rely on them for trade entry signals.

If you look in the attachment section you will find several PDF files that describe entry and exits rules, TEB63 had a thread about the 123. which I can recommend.   http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=106165

You could also read "this thread from the beginning", RobDee the thread originator put in a lot of work to explain the method.

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1259832
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1222510
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1207459

--- 帖子 #920 ---
ES +30 (7.5 points) Classic Pin Bar entry off Resistance.

EU ongoing live trade, 123 entry with the News, ADP. SL BE +5, TP is just above the 200%exp at 1.3525, Price has broken thru a rising trend line but has not yet pulled back, but momentum has virtually disappeared. 15 min chart is deeply OS and Hourly is approaching that area, so we will see if this has enough weight to drop down to my TP

UPDATE

Have moved SL to 1.3550 and taken Half off at 1.3530. Moved TP down to 1.3520

--- 帖子 #921 ---
EU +15 +35. Final Tally on that News Trade. Did not reach my final TP, Buyers came back in an pushed price back up and took out my SL at 1.3550. Would also have taken out my SL if I had left it at +5 So, No worries I made profit and that is the main thing. On to the next trade.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
EJ +50. 123 Entry off S&R 15min chart. TP was Previous Support.

Keep it simple and you wont fry your brain trying to decide if there is a trade or not.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
EU +34. one more for the road. 123 entry off the Trend Line. Breakout Pullback to Trend line and continuation. TP once again the 200% but with confluence BRN.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
EU +33. 1st Tp hit for my news trade. SL At BE +5. Free Trade

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Final Tally EU +33 +52. Second TP hit for my news trade. This is what I love about news trading, all over in minutes. First TP 5mins second TP 25mins. A normal days work in 30 mins. I had moved my SL upto 1.3614 which locked in another 24 pips. So No Risk.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
EJ +65. Not a 123 entry but useful example of a PA trade. DBL BTM at S&R & BRN with Good Divergence. Also a bounce off the 1hr 200 EMA. Entry at break of descending Trend Line. TP confluence of BRN and S&R level. Lots of good reasons to take this trade.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Dee

I've been following your trades on this thread for the last few weeks. They are amazing! Please keep them coming.

It's always so easy to see, from your charts and reasoning why you chose your entries and your exits. But hindsight is a wonderful thing. In real time, it is a struggle to see so clearly what to do, and I feel, or more importantly, what NOT to do.

For instance, with this last trade, how DID you decide on the price target? In a smaller timescale, say M5, Price reached the local high 139.29  (about middle of your chart) and stalled for almost an hour. What made you decide on the higher target? Did you move your stop loss up to capture some profits in the event price breaks down before reaching your target? The TDI on M5 has come back into the blue line but of course, not yet on the M15 or H1. Which signal do you decide to follow? The M5, M15 or H1? How did you decide to pay attention to one S&R level and not another?

I ask because many times, I think price will more further and it doesn't. And other times, I think price won't move further and it does!

--- 帖子 #928 ---
EU +20 +40 Straight forward NFP trade. TP based on previous NFPs expectations

EJ +70. 123 Based entry following NFP news. TP 200% ext

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Stop looking at 5 min charts unless you are only planning to scalp for 10 pips! I gave up even looking at 5 min charts some time ago, what you are seeing is noise and misinformation.

I follow the 1hr chart and use the 15min to fine tune my entries. and/or as an early warning system.

I draw my S&R levels off the Daily & 4 hr. 1hr & 15min have minor S&R levels that I want to be aware of because this is where price stalls for a while before carrying on to the HTF S&R levels.

For news trading I trail my stop aggressively. For standard trades it depends on PA but I usually just aim to get to BE + 2-3 pips and give the trade some room to develop, if price stalls for some time I tend to move sl up under the consolidation zone.

Sorry but I do not have a list of rules that I follow, I am a Discretionary trader and follow what PA is doing.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Thank you very much Dee.

I am now going back over your trades and everyone of mine to see if I can spot entries and exits better. It's so obvious now you've said it, because M5 was confusing me and causing knee jerk reactions.

Many thanks again.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Dee i love you but you should give us(poor mans) you signal in real time and so we will can belive in you.Thanks

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Hello everyone.. Like the thread and system..have downloaded the 123indi(v5 & v6) but all I get are red and blue dots, an occasional blue/red arrow and with v6 red and blue lines. Don't get the 1,2,3 I see on some of the posted charts. Can anyone direct me to the notes or post explaining the finer operations of the indi?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #933 ---
You obviously have not read up to my posts yet, I introduced a indi called 123RH you will find it in the attachments section. here is the link. http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1226036.

this will give you the 1,2,3s you are talking about. This is my post that goes with that indi.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...77#post6793577

Look thru the attachments section it makes finding things quicker, there are a number of PDFs that will help you along.

This link will get you started. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...78#post7133778

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Looks like I will have to thank myself for taking the time to respond to your post.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Cheer up Dee.....  you've been always helpful........... I hope that didn't  have a rough week

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Trading, as you know, was really crappy this week, so I spent some time working on a project, I am building a Hydrogen Generator to power a car, with out the need for Petrol or Diesel, and I thought I had solved it this time, but after an hour the car started coughing and spluttering. Better than my last attempt. Someone mastered this some years ago, but then he died taking the secret to the grave with him, and I am trying to solve the puzzle, preferably before I die.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Yesterday yielded a couple of decent trades, unlike the rest of the week which was one BE after the other.

EJ +12 +50 2 x 123 trades, Because of the small ranges I trailed SL pretty tight. First trade got stopped for +12, second went the distance.

EU +50. Pin Bar entry confirmed by a small 123. again ran a tight SL but this went the distance. There was a reverse 123 that formed after but I did not take it.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Maybe have a chat with the Icelanders about the car?

Very friendly and helpful people, and also into the same idea's.

Keep up the great work.

Paul.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Thanks for the suggestion, very helpful. I was mystified at first but then I googled "Icelanders+Hydrogen" and lo and behold, they are decades ahead of the rest of us. Unfortunately it will never happen here in Spain, not legally anyway, the Spanish authorities are sh__ scared of anything with the word "GAS" in it. Millions of users in the rest of Europe with LPG but here in Spain, one taxi in Malaga and one in Granada! so what chance hydrogen.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
I've been looking for a method I can trade on higher TFs because of a lack of time to trade. I like the 34 Hull MA because I find it works well as dynamic support and resistance by getting the trend direction from the W1 D1 charts and then trading setups on H4 it seems to work well.

Take a look at the charts and see what you think

--- 帖子 #941 ---
OR, you can try, 32, 50, 200 EMAs. OR any other combination of numbers, at some point price will hit those MAs what ever the number that you chose. Some people chose MAs set to FIBO numbers, it really does not matter, What does matter is how many traders are watching a particular MA, take for instance the 200 MA this by all accounts is an important one for the Swing trader and 1,000s of swing traders will make a decision based on this MA.

SMA, EMA, Hull MA, Stevensons Rocket MA or the Dead Cert MA, on the Higher Time frames it does not really matter what the MA is called. Many of the variations of MAs were developed to try to provide an edge on the lower time frames so their sophisticated calculations are more or less irrelevant on the higher time frames.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
You can use what ever MA or any other indicator you prefer.

I simply use the 34 Hull MA because I like it, it's my line in the sand, I check to see if price is above or below the 34 HMA on the W1 and D1 charts and then look for 123 patterns on the H4 to enter a trade in line with the higher TFs trend.

It's nothing new, it's not rocket science, I do it because it works for me.

I don't have time to watch the charts all day, trading H4 charts with pending orders means I have time to do other things and not get burned out.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
15 HMA signals the turns sooner, have you tried this?

For those of you wondering what is being spoken about, here's one to try.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Hi Dee,

I find the 15 HMA to fast the 34 HMA works well with the W1 and D1 charts.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Watching USD/CHF at the moment

--- 帖子 #946 ---
HI  I have been reading/watching this thread and read most of the post. Downloaded and installed 123v6 & v7, have been unable to find pdf doc explaining the read/blue horizontal lines and the red/green arrows?? also the numerical (some circled) notations on v7?

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #947 ---
You need to follow the links in post 1 to the other thread where Robdee first introduced the indicator. Try This.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...91#post4148791

The numerical values were put in manually just to highlite the formation, they are not part of the indi.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Not sure what the market is going to do. See if the professionals are right, no one is right 100% of the time but these guys are pretty damn good.

Attached File(s)   DanskeTechnicalUpdate(4).pdf

67 KB
|
638 downloads

FOMC will they won´t they? They probably will, but, how the market will react is another thing, if you can get hold of one of these things you will still only have a 50-50 chance of being right!

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #949 ---
EU +70. UJ +75. EJ +40

Well, the professionals can be partially wrong!!!!!. This is what fundamentals can do to the Technicals. The Pros got stopped out EU, are still in the UJ and the EJ. So Not Bad really. I did not agree with their long EU so My bias was short EU and Long EJ and Long UJ. But I did not just jump in and hope for the best, I waited for the initial reaction to end and for the market to show it's hand and confirm my bias only then did I enter and pray.

Here is the Pro Trader Update from Danske Bank for today

Attached File(s)   DanskeTechnicalUpdate.pdf

67 KB
|
401 downloads

Attached File(s)   DanskeDaily.pdf

234 KB
|
324 downloads

--- 帖子 #950 ---
EU +150. Talk about lucky. Out of Boxing day boredom I had a look at the charts last night and saw this triangle setup. Placed 2 limit orders, one long and one short, checked the charts once again before going to bed and lo and behold the long had been filled, moved SL up to BE +2, set TP at the Daily S&R, cancelled the short, and went to bed. Woke up, checked the charts, revised TP to confluence at Weekly S&R, ate a leisurely breakfast with an enormous grin. Whoever initiated this stop run. THANK YOU.

HAPPY NEW YEAR

--- 帖子 #951 ---
What a great way to say Goodby for a year and to start another.

Good luck to all and Happy new Year

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Yesterdays EU +50. Today so far EU SL BE +10 target 50pips. No 123 entries so far, this is why you need to have an alternative method or methods.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Update on today EU +50. Target hit at S&R level, only just. No more today until after FOMC minutes tonite, I was tempted to take the 1hr pin bar off the S&R level but that would have been CT with BRN 1.3600 and the 50 ema not too far above only 7-10 pips, not worth the risk.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
I hope you had a good vacation, I thought that you would have more time but why to wast some pips while you can earn them .

I noticed that you've let the trade over night which I thought you wouldn't but as long it hit target it's great, maybe divergence on TDI made you sleep restful.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Happy new year. Ordinarily I would close any trades at the end of my trading session, but with such small ranges you have to take the pips on offer, if that means leaving the computer on and checking it during the course of the evening, then so be it. The market refuses to adapt to my lifestyle so I have had to compromise.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Yesterday EU +40. I nearly took the Pin Bar CT yesterday but didn´t, the market rewarded my restraint by giving me a 1Hr Pin Bar with trend. My initial TP was down at 1.3525 S&R level, but the market was kind enough to show me, with Divergence, that for now it was not going any lower than 1.3550 so I manually closed for 40pips. If you work with the market it will often be very generous to you, but if you try to fight it, then it can get really nasty!

--- 帖子 #957 ---
that's good that you've got away before FOMC meeting .

so you missed a pin and followed another, the question is which pin will be in your favor.....that's the question !

--- 帖子 #958 ---
News Trade. EU SL BE +25 TP +50. Trading Draghi. Current position locked in 25pips target is 50 pips price got to within 1 pip.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
EU +30. That is a real BUGGER, Moved SL down to lock in 30pips because move has lost momentum, slippage took out my SL 2 pips earlier, gave me the 30 at least, that is one of the disadvantages of running tight, you get too close to PA and anything can happen. Se La Vie

--- 帖子 #960 ---
You've got to lend me that crystal ball....

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Here you go.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Hah.......... I thought it would be bigger , but it's good to start with.......

--- 帖子 #963 ---
what's up dee50 , do you want more than 50 Pips on NFP ? I'm waiting for your chart

--- 帖子 #964 ---
EU +40

did not think you would be interested so did not post, but here it is.

No such luck today, only managed 40pips on EU. A little more on a couple of others.

No crystal ball today. Did not forsee such low employment numbers so I played it safe and waited until the knees stopped jerking and traders had time to digest all the news, didn't make any difference, no one took any notice of the 0.3% drop in the unemployed. 6.7%

Just for reference. All entries were Pullback entries, waited for the Spike to settle entered on the next candle.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Erm sorry for the noob question dee, I've notice there is this indi on your chart kinda like a MA that changes from red to blue to red...some of your charts have it and some don't. Whats that?

--- 帖子 #966 ---
In the attachments section, here is the link. It is just an ema that changes colour.

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1207467

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Hmm that colour change EMA is default at 89 if I did not read it wrong. I noticed there appears to be a fair number of viable signals on the 15m when the colour changes with the following supporting conditions :

1)TDI also cross in the same direction with good angle and space

or

2)TDI has crossed not too long ago about 1-3 candles.

or

3)TDI crossed in the same direction within 1-3 candles

--- 帖子 #968 ---
You are not wrong. Except you need to reverse the supporting conditions, the ema supports the TDI. I do not talk about the TDI on this thread, there are a number of threads here on FF or go here

The Pro Trader Network — Learn to trade like the Pros!

Here you will see the 89 EMA being used in conjunction with the TDI in fact Dginc´s method is IMHO the next best interpretation of the TMS method and is definitely worth a look.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Off course I'm interested and I always check on this post to see your trades and learn from them, although I didn't think that you would trade NFP on more than one pair as I thought that the result would be either pro or against dollar so the effect would be the same on all pairs.

traders had a conflict between the low number of Non-Farm Employment Change : 74K and 0.3% drop , it just doesn't make sens and just added another reason for people to trust these numbers or not , which eventually they didn't.

Thanks for sharing and have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #970 ---
This can help with news trading, this is where I first learnt to trade the news 8 years ago.

http://www.forexpeacearmy.com/forex-...10-2014-a.html

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Thanks and I apologise for the "off topic". Learnt much. Spotted something and got excited

--- 帖子 #972 ---
No need for the apology, I post none 123 trades every day, so in theory I am constantly "off topic", I just do not discuss other methods because it can take a thread off into the unknown or unwanted. I show my "other trades" simply to highlite the need for more than 1 method.

Incidentally, the TDI Bounce often signals a 123.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Do you still use their method or have you adopted your own for trading the news ?

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Yes and Yes. A mixture of Forex News Gun and Diamond Trading Signals. I usually only trade the EU so I have years of performance data in my head, most news traders trade the UJ for dollar related news, in this instance I realized that such a low print would affect the dollar majors and because I was waiting to see, I had plenty of time to check what previous reactions had been in the UJ and AU.

The EU and I have known each other for years, so we have a tentative agreement that we will give each other the heads up when either of us think that there might be a worth while opportunity, where as the UJ and AU are more cautious of me as we have spent very little time together and they tend to favor their regulars, much like any clique or club, I can understand this. But sometimes, when the out come is glaringly obvious it would be churlish and stupid not to use that information for my own benefit.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Yesterday EU +50 +50. There were a couple of 123 trades indicated but I took these trades because the short tern S&R level was hit and rejected 5 times in total on the 1 hr chart. Divergence formed on the 3rd hit which was also forming a 123, on the 5th hit a small Pin Bar after a reversal bar formed so I took a second entry, both entries had my stop at short term S&R, so risk was minimal. TP was confluence of 200%ext and S&R level and 61.8% Fib ret. I checked chart before bed time and moved SL to BE, then let it get on with it.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
That's great Dee, for the past two days the whole ADR for EU was around 50 pips and still you can juice it to the last pip.

I think 123 is a great tool but EU is narrowing the range and makes it difficult for me to find an entry , finding an alternative is a good thing specially in these ranging days.

I want to thank you because you directed me once to the TMS thread as they are doing a good work over there, they are not mainly working with 4h, many of them are working on 1h frame and I learned a lot from them.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
123 with TMS rules nice combination for EJ, 38 Pips .

--- 帖子 #978 ---
I just waited and waited and waited for a setup, then lo and behold the EU gave me the heads up that it was going to do something, bit sneaky really because I had to take some heat first as price went back up to test that S&R level again, but eventually the bulls gave in to the bears. I said "Right you bastards, make me sweat would you" and then I put another trade on and said "Take that, see how you like those bananas". I warn you, this is what can happen when you spend too much time on your own in front of a computer screen.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Nice clean kill, sorry, I mean Trade.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
saw it cominh

--- 帖子 #981 ---
EU +43. Straight forward 123 entry. TP was 200% ext with S&R just below

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Hah..... Screen time would add more sens of hummer......... That's cool ......

--- 帖子 #983 ---
How did you see it coming??

I like your motto. "Profitable traders are not lucky, but are well prepared"

An alternative motto could read. "Profitable traders are lucky that others are not well prepared"

--- 帖子 #984 ---
That completes my business for the day. EU +35 News. UJ +35 123 Entry. EJ +30 123 Entry. Because of the small range days I adjusted my TPs to reflect that and concentrated on the nearest S&Rs, short term or long term.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
That's  great Dee, 100 Pip a day..... , if banks new about you .....they might steal you....

--- 帖子 #986 ---
hi my friend

can you share your indicators and your tpl

and tech me how you enter your position?

best regard

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Checking your posting history reveals that you have already been to the TMS thread and a couple of others that more than cover the Indicators that I use, I have responded to the request for indicators and templates on more than one occasion, search my posts and you will find it.

This post will deal with 123 entries.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...78#post7133778

EDIT.

Here, I am feeling benevolent. And it is a really slow day.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...21#post6731421
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...76#post6731476

--- 帖子 #988 ---
that's a good day for me.....

EU +17 pip , EJ +27 Pip , and 63 pip for GU for  news trading , I didn't trade the news before and had no idea when to enter or to exit , just shoot the button and the price went like a rocket, if I stayed more I would have made more pips but for a newbie like me it's more than great ..

I wish I was trading this for real and not on demo now...... or at least to have the same performance when working on a real account

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Well Done. Hope you are also posting your charts on the TMS thread for feedback.

Find a method for News trading!! don't just "Shoot the Button" and hope for the best, price often shoots in the opposite direction before reversing into the actual direction, this is where many traders get caught out, make sure you are trading in the direction of the sentiment.

I did not trade today, couldn't be bothered and there was no news to push things either way, apart on GU which I do not bother with these days.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Dee

Wanted to thank you for your help and very, very useful postings. Took your recommendation to heart. Went back over your earlier postings. Went back over Phx62 postings in TMS. Zoomed right out and found charts so much easier to read on H4. Plenty of time to make decisions whether to enter, exit or continue. Realise M5 and M15 is too fast for me and too many fake outs.

Got an easy 80-100 pips (scaled out my trades) today. Very happy with stress free result. My final TP was a little further down but as it's Friday, I decided to close my trades early. Missed the boat with the GU news - but I realise I'm not yet ready to trade news. Looking forward to more pips next week. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Thanks Dee , yes I do post in the TMS thread some times, and for the news trading I had many other loosing trades for just shooting the button before , and I know what you mean.... . that's why I'm trying to study news better to see how it could be traded.

have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
UJ +50. Any other type of entry you want. BEEOB. IB. 3 Bar reversal. Divergence at S&R level. Hidden Divergence, and of course a 15min 123 entry, why would you say no?

--- 帖子 #993 ---
You are welcome. Glad you have found your method. Do not worry about news trading until you have become consistent with your method, and only then begin to try out an alternative if you still feel you need to.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
EJ +40. 123 entry on 1hr and 15min charts. Divergence at S&R supports the decision.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Yesterdays EU +40. 15min 123 Entry.  There is so little momentum in the market that I have had to start letting trades continue after my normal trading hours, so this one finally completed during the asian session. TP was the 200% exp of the 123 and S&R level.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
That's great Dee, it's really hard for me to find an entry in such ranging markets....

Cheers

--- 帖子 #997 ---
EU +30 Pips, I took the trade after a nice Pinbar on 1H , TDI was pointing up and crossed on 15M

--- 帖子 #998 ---
You are misunderstanding the concept of a Pin Bar, it was a good TDI cross up, but that was not a valid Pin Bar. Check out the PDF.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
EU +30. 123 entry. 15 min chart

EJ +40. 123 entry. 15 min chart

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Lovely system bro. Still finding it hard to get it.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Thanks for the clarification Dee , sometimes I see people take the Pinbar alone without divergence , and other times they take the divergence without the Pin bar to make an entry , for sure that combining these two methods together gives a better chance.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Hey dee50,

MA what are in your chart?

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
EMA 20,50,100 and 200

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
A Pin Bar is only a Pin Bar when one of the following occurs and the bar does not form within an area of consolidation

Pin bar + divergence at the tip of the reversal bar

Pin bar + clear Support or Resistance

Anything other than this is likely to be a Hammer, a Hammer often occurs within consolidation and is a signal that price will reverse back into the initial trend. An example of all three is attached.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
EU +107. I had an open swing trade running long, thanks to more market hysteria I have made more pips than I expected. I think these days to be a trader you need to be in contact with an inmate of an asylum because only another lunatic can understand the mentality of the market.!!+   = Pips

Edit. Sorry forgot to mention, Had a swing trade short that I closed for a 18 pip loss, fortunately my Day Trades made up for the loss.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Now that's deep talking from an expert    !..........

Thanks Dee

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
It's Ok Dee, you don't have to collect 10,000 pips a month.........

with this market condition I think who can have a positive balance at the end of the month would be doing more than great.

Cheer up

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
UJ +30 +70. 123 entry. TP split between 2 significant S&R levels. Larger than average candles made me decide to take partial profit and trail stop to the next S&R level, I was surprised that it actually got there so quickly.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Hi Dee,

I caught this move on GJ: +25, +80, +80. I split my risk into 3 chunks and take partial exits. Helps me calm my nerves a little! 15 pips shy of my target but candles were getting smaller and I had errands to run. Typically, within minutes of my exit, price went to my target.

Quick question: I can see where you get your first S&R  but with the second S&R - I can see a S&R around 103.75, a good 20 pips less. The region at 103.52 is not so clear. Was that 2nd target predetermined or partially guided by the candles and momentum on a LTF

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
2nd target came from Daily. 22-23 05 2013, 103.50 area. Although my S&R lines look like lines in the sand, I actually treat them as areas.

This is a good example of how 2 traders looking at the same chart see different things, this is how and why the market moves. If we all saw the same thing at the same time there would be no market!

Well done on your trade by the way

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Thank you friend!
Trying to follow your active theme but due to my lack of free time, it sometimes lose how to develop some things in it.

I try to watch at least the graphics you but sometimes I can not understand when you add or remove an indicator and mostly why ....

Am I correct in my next statements about how your trading:
1. use PA, Fibonacci, EMA20, 50,100,200 and "TDI"
2. TF M15 and H1 only;
3. "123 Patterns v6" and the STO now you do not use;

- Moreover, the Fibonacci which platform you use or any other use Fibonacci?

- EMA only as support levels you use it or you are important and their intersections?

- For the "TDI" use these values:
"Extern int RSI_Period = 13;

extern int RSI_Price = 0;

extern int Volatility_Band = 34;

extern int RSI_Price_Line = 2;

extern int RSI_Price_Type = 0;
extern int Trade_Signal_Line = 7;
extern int Trade_Signal_Type = 0; "

- Do you trade the "newс" or normally avoid them?

I'll be very grateful if you answer because although probably gave answers back to the topic I could not find them, so I'm trying to digest the situation you just graphics ....

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
EJ +85 +135. Pin Bar + 123 confirmation.

UJ +80 +130. Pin Bar + 123 confirmation

2 absolutely identical entry conditions. Perfect Pin Bars at resistance followed by 123 formation confirmation, TP split in 2 using BRN S&R confluence levels.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Wow. What a great move. Missed this one. I saw the pin bar but didn't dare enter as EJ has made previous attempts to go south only to reverse.

You called it a 1-2-3 confirmation. Was the entry and 1-2-3 taken on the M15?

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
No, the 123 is clearly visible on the 1hr, in fact there are several 123 options visible.

Yes ej was in a range with 1 attempt to go north which was rejected, so the likely hood of going south was much stronger.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Good way to end the week .

I had a -20 pip today on EU, the price was coming down from BRN, TMS H4,H1,15M were crossed down with divergence on 1H, and made a 123 at London open......then two hours later the price decided to go north !  ....Dah

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
EU +50. 15m 123 entry. This trade I was not confident about, and it was not a very clean signal, so I had a very tight 10 pip stop to start off with, EU had not completed my predicted move to 1.3750 - 1.3740 so I thought I would take a chance and it paid off, my other 2 pairs were in the money so worse case was I could BE, that is acceptable.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
That's strange, this is what I thought is a sell signal at London open !

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
I can see 1-2-3 but I thought we're supposed to wait for confirmation i.e. enter at B or C

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
The attached says it all. Short, ¿¿QUE??  Ok short scalp for 15 - 20 but not a runner short with out some news to kick it in the Balls.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
123 Confirmation, I entered on the Pin Bar. The 123 confirmed the reversal and I was able to breathe again.

Also, look for the TTE ( Traders Trick Entry) in the attachments section.

I agree, normally you would wait for confirmation, if the Pin Bar had not formed I would have entered at B

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
I agree with you the the divergence were bad since it was in OB, but the price was rejected from yesterday high and BRN ,a bade double top the same time ,and  along with bad pinbar that count's as half reason, EU yesterday has made more than 2ATR and there were no news scheduled for today for EU, so in my opinion the context were closer to sell.

well after all the price has proved by it's direction what is right or wrong right ?

but can I ask how did you anticipate that the price should reach 1.3750 ?

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
I knew someone was going to ask that, unfortunately, that would require a separate thread and I am not even sure if I have got it entirely correct.

It is a method that I picked up from a site called,  Emini Futures, Trading Strategies, Live Emini Trading Room & Trading Videos - Emini Addict

It is a method that basically follows measured moves. When you first see it being applied you think, WTF??? but watching it time and time again, I got the gist of it, then I back tested time and time again and started to understand it. It is something that works very well at predicting where price will go, most of the time, so it is just like every thing else in trading, it works some of the time.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
The price came back to my entry point....................

some people demand that the stop loss had to be activated after the close of 4H candle, do you agree ?

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
EMINIADDICT

Sorry, I forgot to mention that most of the site is subscriber only access, but he does have one video every day that is open to the public, here is a link to todays video. You need to have patience because he reviews the the futures indexes first and then moves on to the futures currencies, the the currencies are

6E = EU

6B = GU

6C = UC

6J = UJ (JU) in futures trading it is the yen/dollar

6A = AU

http://eminiaddict.com/?p=7787

I generally download the video so that I can go back thru it in my own time and I can skip the indexes and move to the currencies which are normally about half way thru.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
No. You trade with the stop loss you can afford and you place that stop loss at the time of your entry, it is called a "stop loss" for a reason. PHx62 and Eeelfranz used an emergency stop loss of 50 pips, that is what they could afford, others place stop at the last swing high or low, even if that is 70 pips it all depends on your money management, but one thing is certain, what ever your stop loss, it is put in place as soon after your entry as possible. A few tears are preferable to opening a vein.

Have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Couldn't agree more.

Thanks Dee, Have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
I have not got the time now to answer you, but I will answer over the weekend, if that is alright.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Thank you!

I'm still looking for "themselves" in trade so trying to figure out what ways and motives move other people in their trading and thus I try to find my way.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
1. use PA, Fibonacci, EMA20, 50,100,200 and "TDI" Yes.

2. TF M15 and H1 only; Trading TF 1Hr, 15min to fine tune entries Daily and 4hr for S&R levels.

3. "123 Patterns v6" and the STO now you do not use; I no longer use the V6 indi I do not need it to identify 123s, I still use the stochastic on my TDI method.

Moreover, the Fibonacci which platform you use or any other use Fibonacci? I do not understand this question

EMA only as support levels you use it or you are important and their intersections? 200 & 50 Ema support levels. 20,50 & 100 ema are my variation of the TEB63 method. This links to TEB63.  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=7133778#post7133778

For the "TDI" use these values. I use the default TDI settings

Do you trade the "newс" or normally avoid them? I trade the news and there are recent postings showing this!!

Click on my name, this takes you to my profile page. Click on "Thread Replies" this will open a listing of my replies, now you can quickly go through my posts without reading every page of the thread.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Thank you very much for the answer !

Will review the topic "1.2.3. Break batsis ."

# Regarding the indicator "123 V6 " I understand that you no longer use it because you recognize yourself 123 configuration ?

# For " TDI " I asked because I have three options drawn from different places :

1. Traders Dynamic Index.mq4 http://dox.bg/files/dw?a=e432d4c7c2

2. Traders_Dynamic_Index-mod_TC_01.mq4 http://dox.bg/files/dw?a=6d9f314fb8

3. TDI-With Alerts.mq4 http://dox.bg/files/dw?a=18cf3f93e8

so that's why I ask you what are your settings for it to see who is the " original " ?

# On Fibonacci - I have several indicators that build it on the chart but I want to know what you use - that which is in itself a platform / draw it manually / or use any indicator ?

# Trading on a " news " - I guess that as the economic calendar to some extent picking currency pair or seen where there is room for good movement without the following very very foundation ?

# I do not see trading or at least do not see graphs of gold or oil?

Oh .... will stop it again I bombarded with countless questions ....

Thank you again!

PP. I use Google translator so you can not you understand what I mean...

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Is the system compatible with the Fibs?

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
This post will answer your question.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...21#post6731421

The fact that you asked the question speaks volumes. Respectfully,  I would suggest that before you view any more threads on FF you should visit this site.

babypips.com

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
123 V6.  I have not needed an indicator to identify 123s for some time, I had it on my charts for the benefit of others to show how to use it.

All the indicator I use can be found in the attachments section!! I have done several posts covering this.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...76#post6731476

TDI. I have always used this one because it does not repaint.
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1207482

If you want the arrows indicating a TDI cross, use this.
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1207470

Fibs. I use the Fib retracement and Fib expansions tools that come with Metatrader.

News. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...04#post7205604

Gold or Oil. I do not trade either, because on a Day Trading basis both are extremely volatile, and require much larger stop losses to trade effectively, both of them "whipsaw" like crazy. For many years I only traded the eurodollar, it has only been recently that I added a few other pairs due to the small trading range that the EU has been experiencing.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Out before the news. EU +45. Nice pin Bars on 15min and then 1Hr. TP at next BRN with minor S&R level just below. Puts a few points on the board.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Work in Progress. UJ. Pin Bar entry. SL at B/E. News Entry. SL at B/E. See what happens

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
End result UJ Pin Bar entry +30. News trade +10, Stopped out at B/E +10. I was being a bit ambitious with the Targets. Never mind I had points on the board.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Thank you very much!!!

Probably I'm arrogant but...

@ "123 v6" had other options as far as I remember? http://clip2net.com/s/6GNywP

@ I also can not understand the meaning of "TMS Osc"?

@ In "TDI" unless the crossing of the red and blue line also divergence anything else?

@ http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...04#post7205604 gives an error when opening...

Thanks in advance and I promise I'll leave you alone

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Read this thread from the beginning, all the information you need has been covered. This is not a large thread and would only take an hour to read through.

TMS Osc. Put it on a chart, what do you see??

TDI. Tdi indicator is part of the Trading Made Simple method. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=291622

The links open fine when I click on them.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Ok now open the reference to "signals" and yesterday gave me an error ....

I saw what the chart shows "TMS" but I see no use for it ....

Today so far made ​​10 dollars thanks to your way interpreted by me

For now is just a sample with a small amount to get familiar with the details.

Thank you

================

Final: +18 $ E/D  dee50 !

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
EU News. +20 UJ News. +30. Can not expect too many pips from core durable goods, so you have to adjust your expectations according to the impact level of each annoucement. Not every bit of news runs for 50 or 60 pips. There were 123 entries on the EU and UJ but the entry point coincided with the news so I waited.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
UJ +31 +86. 123 Entry. Split the TP. And trailed stop behind last candle, who would have known?

EJ +30 +117. 123 Entry. Split TP and trailed stop behind last candle, who would have known?

This is a strange game, 2 identical entries at practically the same time following the same pattern down. neither of which I expected to go as far as they have, do not get me wrong I am not complaining, but trying to figure this market out

I have 2 workstations and the charts are setup slightly differently on each so do not get confused.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Nice work Dee.... , it seems that no one can no how deep the rabbit whole could go, right ?

I really find it difficult to be in the right time at the right place , do you use more than one monitor or more than once workstation at the same time to see where a chance could pop up and jump just right in time ?

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
ZigZag Depth =3 Ok or Not dee50 ? / 123 v6 /

Retrace Depth min/max ?

Tested and "show123v2" even though it provides more signals from "123 v6" there is something rotten ...

I also have the following problem - I do not be refreshed on the right graph or "123 v6" shows me with delay arrow login?

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
This post answer your question. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...91#post6771091

I have never used V2 so no comment. But there must have been a reason why RobDee updated the indicator each time.

Can you post a screenshot, because I do not understand your last question

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
I only use 1 monitor and the reason I have 2 workstations is that my wife uses one for her work, when she needs more processing power we swap.

If you do not see an opportunity on 1 monitor, having multiple monitors does not make it any clearer, I actually used to run with 2 large monitors but I found it distracting, I never had the urge to be a pilot so multiple information points was too much for me. Multiple monitors are useful if you want to watch more than 4 pairs, although I could never figure out why someone would need to.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
EU +25 Pip, 123 entry right after breaking the pinbar , it could be more if waited more but I'm really happy with this winning trade.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Well done. You have got 25 pips more than me today! I have dithered, I procrastinated so much that I have missed every opportunity today. It was so bad that I shut down and went and cut some firewood for a few hours.

Lesson. If you are not in the right frame of mind, no matter what level of experience, do not trade. Go and do something else.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Оk thanks

That these settings I mean because I remember them from memory but they were M5 as I understand it.

Regarding my problem - I can not show graphics because it is that example is the closing of one or two candles and only then my arrow appears but it is behind schedule?!

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Hah....I'm in that state most of the time....and no woods for me to cut but seems today was an exception, I was under the impression that this is only happening to me because I'm a newbie , it's good to know that even experienced traders could have some , it looks to me a better way to look to things , just like what you said before , that if you are not seeing a chance presenting itself then just simply walk away from it.

Thanks for the advice.

Cheer up Dee

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...91#post4148791

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
I could not find the indi from the indicator list after I put in the indicator folder.

Also after the newest upgrade of MT4, when I used the default setting with 123patternsV6, the system is very slow until I change the zigzag depth to 4 and above.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Hi Dee,

EU was in prison for the past few days and today was just released.......

You may noticed that Meta trader is automatically updated on any restart for build 600 , I noticed that the platform gets stuck and freeze for many times, I started to debug and see what could get wrong, at last I found that whenever the platform starts it tries to load the 123 indicator, during that loading it hangs for a while and for some reason it's related to Zigzag depth that is used with 123 indicator , after many tries and a lot of working around I ended up removing the 123 indicator and everything worked smoothly with the new update, I already recognize the 123 pattern visually and it's not a big deal to use the indicator for.

I just wanted to share this with you as I know that you may face the problem.

waiting to see you after the NFP tomorrow....Good luck

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Hello, I have a problem loading the indicator. Always tells me that "NOSIG" and does not see any signal. In any TF and any pair. Could anyone help me please? Thanks you.

Edit: Sorry, configuration problem.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Hi Fex,

I use the indicator that was posted by Dee long time ago and I didn't have any problems till this new update , check this link :
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...76#post6731476

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Hi geomoon, I solved problem (ZigZagDepth >=15). Thanks you

I'm using standar configuration. Any configuration better?

Edit: When use V7 beta2 and change TF, the indicator V7 disappear...

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Hello ,

I was loving the 123 indicator v6 and was using it with success.

MT4 just did a new update on 02/09 and now I can't get it to even show up much less work.

I tried reinstalling it and also the other versions, v5 and v7 but they are not working.

Anybody have any idea what is going on?

Thanks in advance for any help you can give with this.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
More info.

I see that the indicator is in the correct indicator folder in the downloads folder but when I open my chart, it is not in the custom indicator column.

Driving me crazy and have been trying to figure this out for 2 plus hours now...

Anybody that can help, I would sure appreciate it...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
File - Open Data Folder - MQL4 - Indicators

That is the new place for indicators, make sure it is located there.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Faze,

Thank you so much...I understand what you are telling me to do...

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Ok so it is in the folder as Faze instructed but when I try to put it on the chart, mt4 becomes "unresponsive" and I have to shut it down.

Is anyone else having this problem after this new mt4 upgrade.

If you are not having this problem with reloading the indicator after the upgrade, what are you doing that I'm not?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Yes, Scarlett...

I have the same problem... and I don't know what to do about it either since other indicators work fine...

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Ok, well I'm going to get some tech support hopefully today and I'll report back if I can get it to work.

Anyone else, please take a moment and do the same

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
I had the same problem wish meta4 would give a heads up before about there changes to there platform.

had to go back to old build and compile the indicator and save it then find the EX4 file

and place in the new build of meta4.

if you try to compile it in the new build it won't work.

This is the best indicator I love it.

here's is the file I compiled

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Do you mind telling us how to compile it in the old Build.

My build is 604 now

Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
I have a backup computer after seeing what happened lucky I didn't let it update.

I'm not a programmer I had to find the answer in the forums here... go to this page

they can show you better than I can http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...63#post7265163

hope this helps you.

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
I lost this indicator, please help me,

http://i62.tinypic.com/e7dt1z.jpg

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
try this one

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
The problem with v7 is that it doesn't mark 123s.

But thank you sincerely for the effort.

If anyone figures this out, please post as there seem to be quite a few here who use this indicator.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
I seem to remember for one of them (not sure if it was V7) that you had to have the zigzag indi in indicator file.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
I think that was for the v 6.

I remember them saying that v7 doesn't use zigzag....

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Yes, they are diferent

cco1569474, you rock , thanks you.

Those NO VALID for MT4 build 600

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
didn't know about the 2-123PatternsV7.mq4 file

I will have to compile it and see how it works

Thank you Fex

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
V7 b1: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...63#post5213263

V7 b2: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...03#post5219503

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
dee50 ? Where are you? You do not have a deal to display this month? How do you see what's new in MT4?

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
EU +17 +38. Yellen News Trade. I have been off with flu so I have not traded for the last week. I decided to ease back into things and trade Yellen. it was unlikely that she was going to countermand any thing that Bernanke had set in motion so I was expecting price to go down. The difficulty was judging by how much so the easiest way was by picking out recent S&R levels and taking profits at each one.

I have included a 5min chart to show how I entered. I waited for the Pullback after the initial spike down, this pulled back to a short term S&R level which was also the 61.8% retracement of the initial spike, the theory was that if price closed above the 61.8% then I would be looking for a long. Just to be safe my SL went just above my entry at only 5 pips so I was not going to go crying back to my bed if I had it all wrong.

I see you have all been having fun with the new release of MT4. Sorry I can not help with that but I do not run the auto update so I am still on build 509.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
EU +14 +28. 123 Entry on 5 min. There was a smaller 123 earlier but I wanted to see more upward movement as I was on the 5min chart which ordinarily I would not be. My initial tp was lower but the large candle in the middle of the move convinced me to try for higher.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Thanks Dee for showing this trade and the reasons behind entering especially the 5M chart, fascinating!

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Ok

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
EU +26 +58. Multiple signals confirming a down move. Pin Bar on the daily. 123 on the 4 Hr & 1hr. Held at the 50% Retracement. Rejected at BRN & S&R level. MBL on the TDI was sloping down. Price & Signal line below the 50%. Stochastics not completing the upward cycle. Every thing was politely indicating that the EU was going down so I briefly considered going long, just to be different, but as I do not print money, I decided to go short. The rest was down to yet another politician/ bureaucrat manipulating the market. Thank you, now I do not have to wait for Draghi this evening.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Hi

Where is good, corrent running 123PaternsV7 or 123PaternsV6 indicator for MetaTrader4 ver 600?

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
EU +40. Straight forward 123 entry. There were actually a couple of earlier 123 entries but I was asleep. The chart explains everything. I always like to see my entries backed up by confluence, in this instance BPCs, Breakout Pullback to short term S&R level.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Found this on another site and I hope it helps with the indicators here.

As a result of the recent MetaTrader 4 (MT4) Build 600 upgrade, and subsequent versions, the folders for saving EAs have been moved.

To identify your MT4 build click Help > About on your client terminal

https://ci3.googleusercontent.com/pr...014_075902.png

Since this upgrade EAs, Indicators, Scripts and Library files are now to be saved in different locations.

You can access this folder from your MT4 client terminal by clicking on File > Open Data Folder.

All indicators should be saved in the folder titled: MQL4 > Experts.

All indicators should be saved in the folder titled: MQL4 > Indicators.

All library files should be saved in the folder titled: MQL4 > Libraries.

All script files should be saved in the folder titled: MQL4 > Scripts.

Clients using an earlier MT4 build, please note that once you upgrade to the new version your EAs, Indicators, Scripts and Library files will be transferred automatically to the folders mentioned above. Please ensure that this is effective once you upgrade and that your EAs and/or indicators are working correctly.

Finally, the MQL4 language has also been modified in this latest build, and this may interfere with your installed Expert Advisors (EAs) and indicators. If you notice any issues with your pre-installed EAs or indicators we encourage you to take the below actions.
Action 1: Contact your EA provider if you do not have the source code available and request an updated version of the EA, or ensure that the current one can properly run under the new MT4 build.
Action 2: If you have written your own EAs or have the source code available, please follow these steps:Navigate to Tools > MetaQuotes Language Editor – a new window will appear. Navigate to View > Navigator – the Navigator box will appear in this window (if not shown already). Double-click on the EA/indicator you would like to use and update – the relevant EA script will appear in the main window. Alternatively navigate to File > Open to locate the relevant EA/indicator source code saved on your computer. Click on Compile in the toolbar on top of the main window (or navigate to File > Compile) – a message will appear in the Toolbox window at the bottom. Once this has completed and there are no error messages displayed you will need to close and reopen your MT4 client – your EAs and indicators should now be ready to use If errors or warnings are displayed please review your code again or consult an MQL4 expert. If it is an EA you are using, it may be good to back test it again, and/or run it on a demo environment for a while prior to using it live.
FinFX wants to inform our clients that we do not upgrade to latest version of MT4 until it has been fully tested on by our development team and with our technology providers.

Build 509 will be usable as long as MetaQuotes keeps the build available for login. Currently the oldest supported version is build 500 and according to MetaQuotes this should not change meaning that even after we have upgraded our server to the latest build, clients can still use the old build 509.

Feel free to contact our Customer Support team via live chat or email [color=#0066cc]info@finfx.fi[/color] for further assistance.

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Scarlett. Thank you for posting this information, when I eventually update my MT4 this information will be extremely useful and save me hours of frustration.

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
My pleasure....

someone posted it for me, discontinuing the hours of frustration that I had already spent....

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Thought this might be of interest to those of you who are trying to Trade the news. This comes from a veteran of 15 years who trades 200 - 300 contracts per day!!!! It is a long video mainly because he rambles so much, but stick with it because amongst it all is some very useful information.

Inserted Video

Although it is a Youtube video it was originally a webinar done for one of the Ninjatrader Forums who have regular webinars for their members

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Thanks Dee....

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Ok

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Has anybody managed to get 123patternsV6 to work with the latest Mt4 build 610?

I have compiled MQ4 Ok, and looks right but not displaying.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
EU +30. Very scrappy 123 TTE entry. not the cleanest entry, but before I lost the will to live I realized that only a long would work and the TP was the BRN with 200% Exp as confirmation. I was tempted to close before the news, but it was the only thing likely to create some movement so I moved my stop upto the short term S&R which gave me a B/E +2 pips and let it run to TP.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
That's great with the current drunk market condition ....

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Scarlet. your post concernning correctiiing the indis/EA for new build (600+). The instructions states all idicators saved in MLQ4>experts, then next line states all indicators should be saved in MLQ>indicators, ..What happened to EA's?? also copy both EXE and MLQ files???

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
EJ +38. Straight forward clean 123 Entry, signalled on 1hr and 15min chart. TP was obvious, so much confluence price was always going to bounce. BRN, S&R, 50% & 61.8% Fib Ret, 200% Exp. I did not bother with my other pairs, the range is so small that although direction is obvious, the oil leak on my car drips faster and further than current PA. News is minor so unlikely to have much effect, even FOMC this evening is going to be a none event.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
EJ +40. 123 TTE Entry. One more for road. I am done for the day.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
It's amazing how you have the sense that the market will reverse at a certain point, well trade Dee..

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
It is just S&R and a little bit of voodoo.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
EU +15 Long. EU + 13 +25 Short.  123 Long got held at short term S&R, closed manually. 2nd Entry short off Pin Bar off S&R, took profit at BRN and then at S&R level. Not much to show for a days work!

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
....Yah I know that Voodoo......that's the one that takes 10,000 hours of screen time....

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Hi Dee

What does the brn mean??

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
BRN = Big Round Number

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
EU +20 +48 +17. Double Top with Div off an S&R level, waited for confirmation from the TDI and Stochs, did not think this was going far was going to take just 20 but momentum increased so took 1 off at 20 and moved target down to next S&R level. A pullback to the short term S&R gave me the opportunity to load another up with a very tight stop just behind the S&R level.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Good Job Dee, I understood once from you that you don't consider TDI divergence if it was over 68 or under 23, but as long it's a winning trade then it's great.

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
You are absolutely correct, but, in this instance the stochs shows 2 divergences during the same period of the TDI divergence, and they formed below the 80 line confirming downward momentum. and the real trigger here was the double top at S&R and the failure of PA to break higher, so if one signal was not entirely accurate there were others that confirmed.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Almost Identical to yesterday. EU +18 +35 short. EU +20 Long. First trade is obvious, everything marked on the chart. 2nd trade was a gamble based on Hidden divergence with bounce off a short term TL, S&R & OS condition on TDI & Stochs, it was going back up but how far?. Closed 2nd trade manually as PA has stalled at BRN, same as yesterday.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Hi All,

I've been reading the thread, awesome trades from Dee50!

I got on ej M15 this morning, 123 setup occured right below 200ema,

took partial profit at prev. day low for +35, closed the rest at +50

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Good trade, well executed. See how the 123 coincides with a TDI bounce.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
EU +20 +50. EJ +28 +70. What a great day thanks to New Home sales. If I was prepared to spread myself thin there were also trades on the UJ and AU. The trades were so obvious, no long explanations required. The charts say it all. Descending Trend Lines, Pin Bars with LTF 123s these really were no brainers. TPs were obvious as wel except EU has dropped further than I thought it would, but, main thing is I have banked a few pips.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
sharp trades Dee,  I like your tp taking on ej at the trendline

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
123patternv6 with alarm indicator not working anyone please help

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Have a look at the previous 2 pages of this thread, other people had problems, if that does not help you there is a thread here on FF about v600 metatrader, 100s of traders have had problems with their indicators because of the upgrade to v600.

I would suggest that you give a bit more information about your problem, "indicator not working" is a bit vague.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Another good trade Dee , I really find it hard to be at the right place and time, sometimes I stay all day long and cannot find a setup and other times I get bored and I get distracted with anything like Facebook or playing with my kids or whatever and when I get back to the charts I see how I missed a nice looking setups.

trading is a lonely business and needs a special sort of discipline that is not not easy to get a long with.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Nice Trade

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
EU +43 +85.  EJ +100. Thanks to a complete over reaction to insipid news. I am sorry but I fail to see how this reaction is indicative of "Professional Traders", the people we are suppose to fear, they trade like a bunch of kindergarten kids, scrambling from one titbit to another, no wonder the big financial institutions admitted that they did not make a profit from their Forex divisions!!.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
EU +32 Pip, that was my initial TP, I didn't think that the price would go up that far and when I saw the price going like a rocket I tried to modify my TP but it refused to change and by that time target was hit.

Hey Dee, if institutions knew about you, they might kidnap you and ask you for 10000 pips as a ransom......

Well trade Dee , have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Thanks for your comment. It's really quite reassuring to me as I often can't make sense of why the market reacts or does not react to news.

Today though I managed to catch 80pips of the EJ move. Could have pushed it to 100 pips but had an errand to run. Can't do EU or UJ yet. Concentrating on just one pair for now.

Please keep posting your trades and comments. They are very, very helpful.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Classic

and I thought nothing would happen until US news this morning,

but I can't trade LO it's too early for me.

Note , the hidden bullish divergence on eu H1 from yesterday as well.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
ej M15 , 123 buy entry from yesterday,  few minutes after news release.

Note, TDI was coming out of OS below32, also previous week low acted as support.

I had to go out, closed first part for +17 , second for 35 pips

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Today NY session gj H1.

I entered at the break of 123, closed first portion at next res. for 35pips,

and was holding second for 161 fib ext. , it didn't make it there for now and exited at same level for 35pips as well.

I wanted to enter one candle earlier, but wasn't sure if price would break the upper trendline.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
ej M15 123 sell entry right below 200ema,

late session setup,

tested the 200ema one more time, then came down and hit my 50 pips target.

Have a nice weekend !

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Yesterdays Trades. EU +25 +15. EU +20 +45. Can money be made in a crappy market? Only if there is a clear sign of where the market wants to go, and, if the Gods are with you. Multiple 123s but I did not like them on their own as the pullback to 3 was too deep each time, but a nice steep trend line formed and was clearly holding price so this dictated entries, backed up by the HTF TDI & Stochs clearly showing downward momentum. trendline gave me nice tight stops, just in case. First Trade went to first TP but was stopped on the second part on the trailing stop. second trade ran the distance, but went far over my usual trading time.

Every thing is marked on the chart.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
God be with you Dee......

BTW : there was a nice Pinbar on H1 yesterday at almost 3750, didn't you took in mind that the price would reveres at  that point ?

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
There was no real divergence to support the Pin Bar, a Pin Bar on it's own is no reason to enter it "must" have something to prove it, remember a Pin bar can also be a Hammer a continuation bar, also, the 4Hr TF was still in a 123 short pattern. I was not convinced so I watched and if the next 15 min bar had been green and closed above the TL I would have looked for an entry long, but the bar was a small red Doji showing indecision so my bias at that time was still short. The next bar was a small green Pin Bar that closed below the TL this prompted me to go short again.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I see, Thanks Dee.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
EU +15. As luck would have it, here is an example of the 1hr Pin Bar I scalped it for 15 pips. Notice it is backed up by all sorts of divergences, Hidden Divergence on the 1 hr chart and Regular Divergences on the 15 min.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Hah.....as if the Market was hearing us and wanted to prove your point.......      that's not luck , that's well prepared.

Cheers Dee

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Nice trades.

Can you upload the template of your chart. I like that.

with the indicators.

Thanks

Sanjay

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
If you click on Sjr's name it will take you to his/her profile, there you will see that he/she has been on the Genesis Matrix thread for some time now.

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Yesterday EU +26. Overnight +60 +71. Today News +105. Not a 123 in sight, but here are some numbers any way, you really need to have more than one method in your tool box. Over the last few days Trend lines have been in play.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
great as usual Dee, I can understand today's news entry, would you please share the reason for yesterday's buy entries ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Dbl Bottom off Trend Line, did not reach my initial TP so, as my stop was at BE I let them run, not something I normally do.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
UJ +50 News. EJ +70 123 Entry + news. EU + 38 News. No real legs to NFP today. I was in a 123 on the EJ, I left it running even though I was not at BE, risky but it paid off.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Great trade, . have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
AU +60 4 Hr 123 early Channel Entry. I am trying out the SHI channel after Phx62 started using channels on the TMS thread. I know there are are other methods of drawing the channels but I found them to be too subjective or just plain inaccurate. The SHI channel is known for repainting and is no use for back testing, I tested using a trading simulator and the results were pretty good

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Good job

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
It seems that the markets at this point are forming in a way that makes everyone use channels.

well trade Dee.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
2 trades for me today. It's March break here, so we enjoy spending time with the kids and last days of skiing.

GJ , H1 123 early entry after break out and pullback to channel. entry on M15. +55

EJ H1 break out and pullback to triangle, TDI red and green below MBL and level 50.  M15 entry +45.

EXIT both due to late in NY session, low volume.

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
I took an overnight asia session trade on ej H1 as a continuation of yesterdays trend,

set my TP at H1 200ema, price didn't make it there, exited for +30 pips. It would've made a standard 50pips tp though.

Second trade was a CT scalp trade on gj M5 in NY, 123 entry , along with divergence and confluence bounce off

H4 200ema, 61.8 fib ret. and lower channel line. partial exits +30, +20

Had the rest of the day off ..

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
EJ +58. Pin Bar. UJ +30 Pin Bar. EU +5 123. 2 x 1hr Pin Bar entries and a 15 min 123 which was a mistake that I was lucky to get out of. EJ is in a bit of a range and that dictated my TP. UJ is in a long term uptrend but a short term downtrend????? so I picked an S&R level and aimed for that. I did the EU because it was a 123 CT which was plain stupid, thought I was being really clever, outwitting the market. My excuse is, yesterday I spent the whole day dealing with Spanish stupidity, sorry I meant Bureaucracy, and with that much exposure I became contaminated and that affected my decision making processes today.

Have you ever watched your toenails grow? it is fascinating. It is actually more entertaining than watching paint dry.

In the last 5 days the market has moved a whopping 100 pips I was getting so excited I needed 2 Prozacs and a large joint the effects of which at my age proved to be quite interesting.

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Hi IMI, nice to see you over here in the hinterlands. Thank you for posting your charts it is great to see another perspective on the method and to see other pairs being traded.

I have traded the EU exclusively for so long that when I decided to add another 3 pairs, I broke out in a cold sweat and had to lie down for a few days to recover, so to see other pairs being traded and conquered is great.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
That's Cool trade for a depressed man.....  , I felt so confused this week and I was a frozen to take any trade .

I'll try to put some weed under my pillow before going to sleep, maybe I can have lucid dream about EJ tomorrow's high and low....

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Dee, you're too funny

thanks for giving me a good laugh.....

on the other hand if you had hold your CT for another  2 hrs you could've made 10pips  more...lol

I've been busy with all March break activities...got on gj H4 , twice, but couldn't monitor so set BE level to 25pips,

both hit BE. The setup was good, with hidden bullish divergence, at lower channel line, 61.8fib ret., tdi cross etc..

looks like it's breaking out of the channel now...

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
hmmm.. I should've take a look at ej H4 , before I jumped on gj.

ej H4 retest of upper channel line, right where you had the pin and double top on H1

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
i don't have any indicator 123patternv6 indicator not working dee50 please post updated indicators

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Hello , Iam new to this field , i dont have any indicators regarding this field , i had some of them but after the introduction of new Mt4 version they arent working too , i request you to plzz help me to get some new indicators , Regards - thank you

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Can anyone help this young man. I have not upgraded to v600 so I do not have any INDIs that have been converted. Could some kind soul post a version of 123patternsv6 that works with the new version of MT4. Unfortunately as I am not the thread originator I can not edit the first page to include any modifications to the indicator or method. Perhaps we should start a new thread, that way we could put every thing on the first page where it can easily be found by any new Trading Nomads.

What would would we call the new thread? My trading style encompasses 2 or 3 methods and I see that many who come here also have at least one other method in their tool box, which IMHO is crucial.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
EU +54. 15m 123 Entry, confirmed by 1hr 123. Price came back and kissed my SL but I had Garlic last night so it must have put price off and it left my SL in place. Consumer sentiment gave me a quick win, TP should have been up at the top of the channel, but I have to go out and strim some weeds. Look at the chart, every thing favoured a long, the only thing that would have made it go short was divine intervention or maybe JP Morgan.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
same here, +57 on ej.  The idea was that the H4 lower channel line was reached along with still showing a hidden bullish divergence.

H1 and M15 also had divergence. I entered on m5 123, price started moving very quickly and I changed my tp level to 100 pips, to 140.63 which was a level

to the left, I was up +82 pips , but guess what , the good old H4 10ema capped the move at 140.50 RN.  still it was a quick nice move, which I like

Many people don't like divergences, I don't know why, for me they work great combined with PA and other supporting factors.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
I took the same trade as your entry and ran off with 15 pips, when i see the chart my fingers get itchy, I wish I can develop the right patient to let profits run.

have a nice week end Dee...Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Hi Sayed,

the indicators as far for this thread are the same, the problem is with the new update for MT4 600 built, try to attach the indicator and change the value for the ZigZag to 5, it worked for me but could have some differences in different time frames, that's why I dropped the indicator and trained my eye to see it,it's not difficult if you focused for a bit.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
That's great Idea to have anew thread and have all the tools in it, you may call it , Dee's Method, OR Hybrid or give it a catchy name like :Beat the Market...

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Seconded

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
I found the show123 indi in one of your posts, while browsing through the thread, spending TWO whole days going

through posts and attachments.

here it is , it works fine, everything works fine for me on the new build 600.

from your MT4 platform open FILE- OPEN DATA FOLDER-MQL4-INDICATORS. that's where you need to put indis.

I put it on my chart just to see how it shows 123 formation, but it's better to train your eyes to spot them on your own rather then rely on indi signals.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
iam a big big fan of 123patterns v6 with alarm indicator after the update to mt4 v600 version this indicator isnt working properly , i request you to plz kindly update the indicator by any means and post it here , using old indicator on chart is making my system to stop working and whole screen is turning blank (white colour ) and i even cant see the indicator , please help me , and thank you for ur support guys , for spending your valuable time for me .. thank you

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
EU +45 123 Entry. 15m & 1hr. A 123 formed on the EJ but price had already travelled 70 pips and the TDI and Stochs did not look convincing. As it happens, a TTE entry would have yielded 40 ish pips. surprise surprise.

I have put the "show123v2" indi back on my charts just so that the Trading Nomads can see the setups more easily.

syedwajid. Try the "show123v2" instead of the "123patternsv6"

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Right to the Pip Dee...

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Sayed,

We are all the same here , we are not the owner of this thread nor the indicator itself, all what I could find is that after attaching the indicator I changed the value for ZigZag to 5 and it worked fine with 600 Built, however I advice you try to locate the 123 pattern by yourself , it's not that hard to find.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
EJ +50. 123 Entry. Not the ideal 123, the 2-3 leg pulled back much deeper than I ordinarily prefer, but the double bounce off the bottom trend line of the 4 Hr Channel justified the risk, also the entry candle engulfed the previous 3 candles. TP had to be in the area of the descending Trend Line and the 200% Fib exp.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
EU +20 Pip, I saw your trade and it inspired me , I took it form the same reasons that you did and almost wanted to close the trade at loss, then things started to change and I was more than happy with 20 Pips !

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
One of the Masters of Price Action Trading. Al Brooks. Not a natural teacher, but then how many of us are? As the market is quiet check out this video on Trading Channels & Price Action Trading, in the first part he deals with Channels how to draw them, how to trade them etc, second part he shows you how he does a Bar By Bar analysis on a 5 min chart, fascinating and extremely relevant in any time frame. The video is 2.13 hrs long but it is only the first 1.5 hrs that matter.

This is the link to the youtube page. http://www.youtube.com/results?searc...0channels&sm=1

I actually download the videos so that I can watch them on my TV, multiple times, without using up all the bandwidth.

This is the video on Trading Channels. Enjoy

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
GU +48. 123 Entry. The only pair with news during my trading time. 123 on 15m. 1hr channel is virtually flat, 4 hr channel is really wide at 480 pips, indicating that lower time frames dictate trend at the moment. The wider the channel, the less directional momentum.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
FOMC EU +80. UJ +80. Today EU +30. Bear Flag continuation of last nights FOMC with 123 on 5m and 123 confirmation 10 mins later on 15m. Last night's FOMC was a no brainer. They were hardly going to announce no more tapering so Dollar positive it was. I closed manually on the FOMC, I had expected more of a move, but I suppose that the continuation of tapering was not really news and was already priced in by many.

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
nice trade Dee, don't you think that trading the FOMC is a little bit risky ? I mean I saw many cases for FOMC that the price would just wobble up and down hitting buyers and sellers at the same time , do you trade little amount at that time or it's pure news trading ?

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
You have to judge sentiment and how the market has been prior to the announcement, in this instance the market had been in consolidation with little or no direction, sentiment was that tapering would continue, foregone conclusion really, so even just confirmation of this was likely to move the market in favour of the Dollar add to this the projected rate announcement and the direction was guaranteed, all that was left was to work out by how much.

I can not understand why so many experienced traders advise not trading the news, probably because they have not learnt "how" to trade the news, in reality it is no different than ordinary trading it requires exactly the same skill set and preparation, I actually find it much easier to do. For some years I traded nothing but the news, it was great, get up late have a leisurely breakfast do a few odd jobs go to the bar have a Cafe Americano and a Bocadillo con Pechuga de Pollo discuss the weather with some of the old fellas, return to my office at 14.15pm ready for the announcement at 14.30pm, by 15.30 I was done with 50 - 100 pips in the bank. When the bar installed WIFI I would take my laptop there and trade from the bar, the view over the valley is much nicer from there.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Good to know that you are trading the news while relaxed, I bet that this didn't came by chance, I know people got a stroke or even got part of their stomach removed before they decided to quit trading the news.

I see the problem with how each trader could interpretate the news or decide the sentiment , each trader has his own understanding and tools , with the fact that in many cases the market would react exactly the opposite direction to what the news really came out, add to this the herds reaction when someone falls you start to see the whole domino follow that fall.

someday I will be trading off the beach relaxing like you do and hopefully we can have a drink together.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
EJ +22 +72. Good start to the week. This unfolded nicely. see how it started with a 123, off HTF trend line and HTF divergence, on a 5m chart with an exhaustion spike on the TDI, then became a 123 on the 5 & 15m charts then became a Pin bar on the 1hr and then the 4hr chart, all confirming that this CT trade was a runner. Of course at the start you can not know so a tight stop and an early TP at the first BRN, then move stop down to the second 123 locking in 20 pips and letting it run down to the next BRN, trailing sl on the 5m chart just waiting for that turn around back into trend. now I can shut down and enjoy the rest of the day.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Nice trades Dee, thank you for sharing them.

I haven't been around much lately, simple because trading is hard to do from my timezone

living at EST. Trying to get on a trade in asia session early, then find it at BE coz I can't monitor it, or catching

the endtail of the market in US session just depresses me. Trying to find solution is not easy ...

anyway I am sharing my lucky trade from last night's asia session eu/aud H1 bounce off previous week low for third time , with tdi

crossing above mbl + 123, and H4 pin pullback. China news moved price to my set +50 pips target to the pip.

second trade is in today's NY session, gj H1 123 hanging on 200ema and previous day high, entry on M15 H@S trendline break. slow volume,closed for +30

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
EU +55. Easy 123 Entry, no brainer Dbl Bounce of Btm of 4hr Channel into 123 on 1hr and 15m. TP obvious.

Never be dismayed if you do not get all of a move, be happy that it reached "your" TP, eventually with more experience you will find you are able to identify the target zones much more accurately, Trading is not an exact science, actually it is less exact than "Pin the tail on the donkey"

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Nice trades. 80 pips is not a bad living. I like your charts but only to look at, if my charts were that naked my sex life would really suffer i would end up having to take Viagra as well as the prozac. The extra lines and squiggles on my charts are like a comfort blanket to me.

can not really help you with your time zone problem,  has any one suggested trading the Daily TF?

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
nice, again...

I like when 123s happen in just a few candles , that show momentum.

strange time for the eu to move 70 pips.

I guess my tp wasn't obvious, lol, quickly came back to BE. gu h1 daily trendline bounce, and previous week low

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
EA +38 Pip , 123 out of short term resistance and last week low , TDI was down all the way from H4,H1,15

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
EU +35. EJ +13. Couple of really crappy trades today. 123 on eu to start and then just died moved my tp up to collect 35pips, I was dubious because the 1 - 2 leg was quite long and the daily range was 60 - 70 pips. EJ was a complete waste of time. Started with a nice pin bar but then went nowhere, I closed it for 13 pips, I was not prepared to nursemaid these trades, life is too short, and the sun is shining.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Nice when it works!

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Thanks Dee.... ,I had good teachers .

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
EJ +50 +95. EU +23 +34. 123 entries off good S&R levels etc. Every thing is on the charts. UJ looks good now but the earlier situation did not show a clean setup so I left it alone. EU I closed final TP manually as it missed my TP by 2 pips and this was a CT trade so no point in hanging on hoping. EJ was a good strong signal with multiple confirmations, news from china helped things along.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
I was watching the EJ and because it was trending down for the past three days I didn't imagine that it will bounce this much, specially when it will be a counter trade, sometimes I feel that every trader has to have a gambling spirit before taking any trade, or build experience and confidence based on what he loses in this market.

Nice Trades Dee

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
"Trending down for three days" but what was the longer term trend and what were the clues. Look at the Daily and 4 Hr chart. Pull back to the 50% Retr on Daily. No rising trend lines broken. False breakout forming a 4 Hr Pin Bar off BRN support & TL2. PA within 2 Triangles a larger (TL1 & TL2), and inside that, a smaller(TL1 & TL3). The arguments for an up day were pretty convincing. We all see things differently, Thank the gods, if we didn,t there would be no market.

Gambling Spirit. You are right. Every trade is a gamble. We all have a 50 - 50 chance, all we can do is try to improve our chances thru interpretation.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
EJ +34 +80. 123 Entry 4hr and 1hr and later a 15 min 123 continuation. Nothing fancy.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Good job

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
nice work Dee!

consolidation breakout with the trend,

as good as it can get...

trader's dream... the only problem that it happened in MY dreamtime...

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Dee can you share your current 123 indi settings?

this is mine, chart is ej h4 , not showing any current 123s, and I also noticed black coloured 123s appear

and have nothing set to black. I just want to compare with yours. thx

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
EJ has an up trend on the daily but took the whole month of Feb as a correction going down for more than 800 Pips, 4Hr charts are subjective to server time as mine ( +3GMT ) shows no Pinbar and shows only an engulfing candle, I agree with you that after that 4H closes it's a good chance to buy and that's why there were more momentum on the second 4Hr candle, but before that time I guess it's more like a stop hunt.

I'm not sure where I read a signature for someone that says " well traders need no luck , well traders are well prepared " , and it's clear for me that I still need a lot to prepare my self for, anyway. Thanks Dee.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Only difference we have is "Rejectifheightlessthan" mine is 150 (15pips) yours is 200 (20pips).

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
EJ +18 +60. Was this a really clever trade? No! There was a weak 123 off a small rising trendline, nothing said "this is about to turn and drop" there was no high impact news which was likely to turn things around. So I controlled risk by taking early profit and moving SL to B/E, after that I left it alone. 6 hrs later it hit my final tp at the top of the channel

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
EJ +16 pip, 123 , Dive , double top, target BRN.I felt that it's a good sign for sell

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
The difference between brokers data is astounding, I took the same trade but the info displayed on my chart showed a much stronger divergence. This is why I prefer my futures platform, we are at least all on the same playing field.

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
EJ +24 +50. EJ News +30. 123 off good divergence at a BRN and S&R level. TP1 was next BRN TP2 was 50pips which ran into the news. News trade was a simple 30 at the same TP as TP2.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
That's great , that means that I've learned some good stuff form you and I'm the right track... .

Dee what is your broker and is there a difference between it and FXDD ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
geomoon's trade is shown on H1, yours is on M15 which had a steeper divergence.

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Hey Dee....... I remember that you said that Draghi is always good as 50 Pips, were you able to grap some... ?

I have a problem called " Patience  ", I tried today to trade Draghi  like any news and had several tries and they were in the right direction , but for stupidity and being impatient I ended up in negative pips, how did you overcome the Patience while you in the trade ? is it something meditating or a big beer draft  can fix ?

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Draghi news Trades. EJ +48. EU +28 +32 and still running. I entered 5 lots on EU and 1 on EJ, in hindsight I should have done it the other way round but no problem I have banked pips and I am at B/E +10, +4 & +2 so I can let them run. 1st chart. EJ. 2nd chart EU chart, 3rd chart Eu current situation. I did not trade the initial rate announcement I waited for the News Conference

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Hat Off Dee............ , you may take a rest for the end of the year.......

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
What are the PROs thinking today. Here is a selection that every trader should have in their magazine rack, not next to the rather curiously named "Entries and Exits for the Beginner" something I bought online thinking it was a trading magazine  which some how is still in my magazine rack.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Hi Dee

First of all my compliments for the excellent thread I am trading 1-2-3  at support & resistance with good results,looking at the above reports, I was interested in the Credit Suisse report, do you have to register to have it? do you subscribe a fee to receive it daily? eventualy could you please indicate the link ? many thanks for the info.

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Couple of news trades for me today.

I waited for NFP to pass and entered on continuation of the news movement

Both ej and gj showed divergences on M15 as well.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
EJ +60 News NFP. One of those reports that you should stay out of until the chickens realise that the fox is on the other side of the fence. UP Down Up Down I was beginning to feel sea sick, when the result misses the consensus figure by very little, sit back and wait, eventually when the pro traders have all finished phoning each other and asking "what does it mean, oh! I am buying, WHAT? oh my god did you say your selling!!!!"

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
I found it on another site that I subscribe to, but looking at the CS main site it appears that you either need to be a customer of CS Bank or be approved as a non client by one of their analysts.

here is the link to the application form

https://registration.csfb.com/register.html

This is the link to the relevant part of their site.
https://www.credit-suisse.com/invest...e_research.jsp

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
And this is the question  : to sell or not to sell......

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
I like your style, cool, calm and collected Where as, I had to leave the room, watching the price go up and down made me want to join in, it looked like it would be so much fun to play along.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
UJ +50. TP just been hit on my NFP trade.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
I've been trading these news setups with success, have to stay out of the initial release, there is almost always

a pullback on the same H1 candle, then I just join in for the continuation as where the initial release taken the price

just as it can be seen on your uj H1 chart

For the ej trade I entered at the exact same price you did on M15.

Too bad I had to cut my trades short today and go to get my hair done,

gj went down 100 pips to previous support (left) where I expected it all along.

Note on the H1 chart the cross I highlighted where both TDI green and red cross MBL at the 68 level,

that's one of my favorite tdi setups and can produce big pips and a move back down to 32 level.

I  like news days , it can move your trade relatively fast to your tp levels, like it did today for gj.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
EU +52. 123 Entry  neither trade needs explanation as both of them straight forward. nothing Fancy

UJ +70. 123 Entry

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
very slow start to NY session today

ej H1 multiple 123s, exited trade out manually for +48

similar situation on gj H1 , minutes after I closed the trade it would had hit my 70 pips target level.

overall pips but had no more patience.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Nice Trades Dee, I just have one question , I always try to learn from your style where do you place your stops and take profit, for the EU trade I see that the trade has the opposite directions from stop loss and take profit, is that right ?

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Hi Ya All. I did not take a single trade last week after tuesday, Harvest time in the olives and planting time in my Market garden. But it does not mean I was not thinking of you!

Anyway here to start your weekly analysis, some professional reports and analysis.

Plus

"How to Trade with a Day Job"  This might help "IMI" with his time constraints!

http://www.orderflowtrading.com/Fore...a-Day-Job.aspx

Words of wisdom from one who has already been there and done that and come out the other side in one piece.

Interesting site, I have been trying for some time to get a grip on Order Flow when I came across this site, to get full access you will need to register but it will not harm your trading if you do.

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Hi, sorry I have taken so long to respond. I generally place my SL a couple of pips below/above the 3 point unless the pullback to 3 was so deep then I place my SL below/above the 1 point. I am looking for a 1:1 RR minimum and a minimum return of 30 pips, if I can not see at least 30 pips potential I do not take the trade. Determining Targets is a little more difficult to explain, i go thru a process of assessment. Look Left, S&R levels Major or Minor, BRNs, Fib expansions, Trend lines, previous consolidation (part of S&R) but most of all I am looking for the strongest area of confluence. I do this before entering a trade (important) because i want to know if there is any point in hanging around waiting for an entry. I normally highlite these areas on my charts that I post. When do I move to B/E? Depends on PA. When do I use 2 TPs? Depends on PA and what obvious potential stalling points there are in between my entry and final TP.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
That's great, I make my home made Pizza with Spanish sliced black olive, it's the best ........ , maybe some of them are from your farm...

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Thanks Dee for the explanation , but the strange thing in EU trade that the stop loss location is in the inverse of the take profit location , the blue dash refers to take profit and the red dash refers for stop loss , is that correct ?

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
No. The red dash is always at the top and the Blue dash at the bottom regardless of whether the trade is long or short, or at least on my charts. I had the same problem for a while, trying to work out what they were for.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
EU +40. UJ +30 +16. Couple of small ones today, I was not sure if I should throw them back in. EU 1hr 123 short. Tp was confluence at the bottom of 1hr channel, nearly got my trailing SL. UJ 123 long CT to TP at BRN. Then I could not resist a quick scalp short off the Pin Bar back to the TL that started the day.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
it seems that it's related to MT4, I have MT4 build 625 and the stop loss is always red dash while blue dash is always take profit no matter what the trade is buy or sell, what's more important that you end up with green pips.....

Cheers Dee

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Nice trades ......I can see that got back with a strong a apatite for pips...... ,

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Yesterday EJ +40. Overnight & Today EJ +57 +105 +128. Yesterdays Trade was a BPC entry off the bottom of the 4hr Channel. TP was the rising Daily TL & the S&R level intersect. The overnight trade was based on Strong Divergence off the Daily trendline & S&R. There were a number of possible Tps so I set up for all of them as I would be asleep when this happened, checked the trade before going to bed, a 123 had formed so I moved SL up to underside of 123 for a B/E +22. Woke up to find that only TP 1 had been hit but I could move SL to underside of next 123 for a B/E +72 soon after that TP 2 was hit and an hour later TP 3.

I was Happy

Just want to add, that for those trading the NY session into the asian there was a nice 123 setup that would have yielded you a good 60 pips without too much heart ache.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
I understand your question now! I am still on build 509 so I am about 2 years out of date, I suppose I had better bite the bullet and update to 625. Thanks for pointing out the difference, as I live in a world of my own I had not noticed.

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
That's Cool, that means you had a great breakfast today......

Nice trades Dee

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
it's a great way of life to have a world of your own and living it the way that you want ............

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Colors can be set to whatever is your flavor of choice :-)

Review "properties" settings.

Good scalping !

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Nice trades Dee

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
just a reminder. The gap down on the EU has not yet been filled!!! I will not be posting any trades today. I just opened my platform to check on the market and had forgotten about the GAP, it is not a large one only 22 pips. May not get filled this side of easter.

Have a good one.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
[quote=dee50;7403845]Hi Ya All. I did not take a single trade last week after tuesday, Harvest time in the olives and planting time in my Market garden. But it does not mean I was not thinking of you!

vow, I can only imagine those olive plants,

if I don't check the calendar I can't tell if it's christmas or easter here.

thanks for thinking of us from your garden....

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
You too....

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
thx for the reminder on eu.

I haven't looked at it much lately, haven't traded anything lately,

been busy arranging moving to relocate.

I looked at eu/aud H1 last night in asia session, and spotted a 123 setup off a rising trendline

entered at the break of pullback candle, exit at previous day high.

This pair seems to be a better mover as of late.

good weekend and Happy Easter to you all!

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
I think it is time to resurrect (pun intended) some information and guidance. As many Trading Nomads have an aversion to searching a thread for information, particularly the "attachments" section, here are a few relevant PDFs about the 123 trading pattern, it also does not hurt to refresh the minds of the current followers, myself included.

Attached File(s)   How to use the 123 strategy effectuvely.pdf

1.6 MB
|
1,182 downloads

Attached File(s)   1-2-3 Trend Change Pattern.pdf

139 KB
|
937 downloads

Attached File(s)   123 Chart Pattern + Fib Expansion.pdf

111 KB
|
732 downloads

Attached File(s)   Divergence Hidden Divergence Fibos.pdf

487 KB
|
587 downloads

In addition, you may have noticed that I use the stochastics oscillator, I have done so for many years. Why?

here is a description from "Stockcharts.com chart school. I found their explanation to be the simplest and most logical.  http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.p...tic_oscillator

"Developed by George C. Lane in the late 1950s, the Stochastic Oscillator is a momentum indicator that shows the location of the close relative to the high-low range over a set number of periods. According to an interview with Lane, the Stochastic Oscillator "doesn't follow price, it doesn't follow volume or anything like that. It follows the speed or the momentum of price. As a rule, the momentum changes direction before price." As such, bullish and bearish divergences in the Stochastic Oscillator can be used to foreshadow reversals. This was the first, and most important, signal that Lane identified. Lane also used this oscillator to identify bull and bear set-ups to anticipate a future reversal. Because the Stochastic Oscillator is range bound, is also useful for identifying overbought and oversold levels."

Attached is a PDF "George C Lane Stochastics" he explains how to use the stochastics.

Attached File(s)   George C Lane Stochastics.pdf

59 KB
|
5,493 downloads

The reason I am including this information is, far too many traders use indicators that they actually know very little about. To them it signals an entry and that is it! They do not understand how! so therefore are not aware of the pitfalls of each indicator or the benefits of understanding the lesser known nuances.

Watch this space for an explanation of the BOSO method ( buying the overbought and selling the oversold) using the Stochastic.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
I've just been upgraded to Version 4 Build 625 and V6 quit working. Has anyone experienced the same problem or has a fix? This is a great indicator and would like to continue using it. Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
HAH! I have just updated over easter, and I have the same problem and I have tried all the solutions but none of them work. Compiling the indi informs me there are 3 errors, not much use to me as I can not code, I can edit but I do not know how to edit the errors. Can any one post a working version for Pippinfresh? I do not need it.

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
The more of these I read the more I laugh, this is what keeps the market moving, one person buys and one sells.

Here is my analysis of the market for the next couple of days.

I predict that some currencies will go up while others will go down but I advise caution because of current market sentiment, those currencies that I predict will rise might actually come down and those I predict will come down might actually rise, if sentiment changes during the next few days we could expect some currencies to consolidate for a period of time. The technicals show that a mandarin candle has recently collided with a satsuma candle but the lack of a granny smith means that it will be a lacklustre affair and price is likely to lay down for a rest.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
And many of them take money for letting us read their BS.....

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
The only workaround that worked for me is changing the ZigZag value to 5 or 7 , I use the same indicator that is found on this thread over 625 build, maybe it's a good reason for me to go and learn MQL4 programming

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Compiled indi from "cco1569474"
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...88#post7271688

then, when you first load it on a chart, you get the settings window. Set zig zag to 5 or more as per

Geomoon.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...89#post7421089

Thank you guys. What would we do without you?

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
This is the only report that I take much notice of, not because they are always right! but simply, I have found them to be more consistent than many of the others and I like the table format.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
That's right, when you first talked about them and I followed them occasionally and they have a good analysis.

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
EU +24 123. UJ +30 123. Slim pickings this week so far. I really do not expect much movement with this weeks data. I had to close out my EU trade as strong divergence formed at a BRN, my initial TP was resistance at the bottom of the Gap. I took +35 off the EU on Monday and when Div formed on Tuesday I was tempted, but there was not much room for a profit with the bottom of the channel and a BRN so close, so I declined the offer.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Nice trades Dee , did you take Monday's sell trade based on TDI cross ?

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Here is a little something for those quiet times. Good for the beginner and the more experienced. I have broken this down into separate parts and will post them over a random period of time.

"The 3 secrets to Trading Momentum Indicators" David Penn

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Hi Dee,

Thanks for your kindly sharing of your trading analysis, I started to learn your method on demo account, but in my chart there is no "1, 2, 3" these numbers, I don't know the reason, Could you can help me?

Thank you!

Fx35

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Yes, and the Hidden divergence which I did not mark on the chart, there was also a small 123 on the 15m chart.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Install this indi and you will have the 123 numbers,
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1386643

Use these settings.

faildncolour = blank

failupcolour = blank

maxbars = 100

aggression = 3

behaviourswitches = 256

rejectifheightlessthan = 150

showrosshooks = false

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Hi Dee,

Many thanks, it's working now, I get the numbers.

Fx35

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Just got around to checking your fix out since this is not my primary job, (although I would like it to be) and yes it's working again. Thanks for your helpful reply.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Hi All,

been down with a stomach flu,

caught this ej H1 trade this morning after NY open, pin bar entry, double top at PWH,

123 formation , TDI cross both red and yellow at 50 level,

closed manually for +37pips as this pair been ranging all week.

good weekend to you ...

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
better man than me today, I passed on this one and the EU Pin Bar.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
When you look at a chart what do you see? In time you will be able to glance at a chart for a couple of seconds and you will see chart 2

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Do you see this?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
here is pt2 of "The 3 Secrets to Trading Momentum Indicators" David Penn

Attached File(s)   The 3 Secrets to Trading Momentum Indicators pt2.pdf

137 KB
|
1,029 downloads

let me know if you want any more of this, if you can not use words then a "smiley" will do like this

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Eye of the tiger....

I'm not sure where I read that the price taps on a level " could be a trend " 3 times before it breaks or revers , I noticed that it may tap 5,7 times before break or reverse from that level.

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
That's very kind of you,thanks in advanced Dee....

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Hi Dee,

I have a question on my mind from long time a go , I noticed in many cases that the price for EU makes a new low " mostly at or before London open " and when it breaks the previous low " mostly the Asian session " it's gets up and make a new high.

I try to range the Asian session or Tok_5H and then whenever the price breaks that box it goes directly to the opposite direction,sometimes it continues south but other times it gets back along with the long term trend, is there a way to separate this behavior from the other ?

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
If you do not mind I will try and answer this tomorrow, it is 20.47pm here and I am just going to make Dinner for me and my wife.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
UJ +30. EJ +40. Both perfect 123 setups  Hidden Divergence off major S&R level. TPs based on recent ranges and so the nearest confluence of S&R and BRN was the target.

All done for this week, much poorer this week than normal but I can at least buy some bird seed to keep the hunger pangs at bay.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Sure, ¡buen provecho

have a nice weekend

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
nice trades Dee,

divergence with 123

I was watching ej last night in Asia session waiting for a sell, and when I woke up I saw it happened in Lo ,

must say I do enjoy trading 123 formations with TDI confirmation, feel it has sharpened my trading skills.

For me there was one CT scalp trade today on  eu/aud  M5 with a small 10 pips sl, moved to BE plus 2pips after +15 in profit.

short term support, divergence and 123, TDI green and red crossing yellow at 32 level.

exit at 200ema for +19.

nice weekend to you all..

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
EU is not a good example the asian range is so small that even a small european candle will break the range. I had a look at AU and EJ, over 100 days, that have larger asian ranges and I would not say that the behaviour is predictable enough to trade. There was a method used by eelfranz before he used TMS, I investigated it a few years ago but I did not feel that it was a viable method "for me". I have attached a PDF, maybe this will help you, although as you have the TOK-_5h indi I suspect you are already aware of this. One thing that came of this for me was it confirmed PHx62's statement that the High or Low of the European session is often formed in the first couple of hours of trading.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Thank you for the valuable PDF, it seems after all many traders think in the same way, it's just a note that I have seen and I wanted to think loudly.

Yes I have the indicator for Tok_5H and I agree with you about Phx note

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Thank you dee

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
The 3 Secrets to Trading Momentum Indicators pt3.

I am editing this post today. 30/04/2014

Thanks to "Helee's" post down below, I have been able to replace the 2 over sized PDFs with 1 realistic sized.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...46#post7435846

This book was written as an E Book so in the right hand column you will see 2 Hyperlinks. "viewchart" & "hidechart" if you hover your mouse over these a chart will appear relevant to the explanation on that page, once you have looked at the chart repeat with the mouse and the text will re appear.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
EU +40. 123 TTE entry. Double Top, Pin Bar with Divergence followed by Hammer at the top of a descending Channel. TDI cross down at the 68. Double Top stochastics, Early entry, damn right! But if you were unsure the 123 confirmation came a candle later, I expected a strong move down, but not a nose dive, I actually expected the same yesterday but I ended up closing manually for 12 pips, today I was not giving anything back, I trailed my SL all the way down.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Hah.... That's Cool Dee, Thanks for the book and for your time , maybe that's why your wife will always ask you to take you laptop to the bar...more hugging at the end of the day......

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Nice trades Dee as usual , I noticed that you still draw the trendine and allow it to be broke with tow candles, I know that it's an internal trend but I had the impression that the trend line will always be touched or broke, is that right ?

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
I drew the trend line to see if it gave me an area of confluence for my TP, it was an internal trend line that had been broken by a significant amount so I was not expecting price to pay too much attention to it, if it had not been broken then I would have assigned more value to it as a barrier. The short term S&R held more weight for me and price had reacted to it over the last 7 days but I prefer to see more than just 1 indication where price is likely to stall out. I put the Fib expansion on the chart as well but that showed the 200% 15 pips higher up and again with no confluence.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
I see, Thanks

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Hello Dee50,

Sorry for your hard work, but thank you anyway for droppoing these valuable information.

maybe next time you like to split or join a document you would like to work with this tool. PDFTKBuilderPortable.

regards

Helee

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Thank you very much Helee. I downloaded it and it works a treat much better than the other 6 I tried. I have replaced the 2 PDFs with 1 with a more realistic file size.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
For those of you who have already downloaded the last 2 over sized PDFs, I have replaced them with 1 of a more realistic size, only 2.7Mbs if you want to replace them here is the link.

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...mentid=1416952

The 3 Secrets to Trading Momentum Indicators pt3.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
EU +37 +50. This was a PA entry but a 123 did form after my entry to confirm the move up. Major Divergence at a S&R level at 50% Fib Retr & BRN. TDI Bounce and Stochs 123. Break of asian high. I let this run into the news as ADP is not much of a threat and as it turned out GDP trumped ADP but I had moved my SL up to lock in some profit so I was prepared to give back a few pips.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Well trades Dee.....  .

You see here is an example where the news for EU CPI didn't came positive as expected ,and the wise guys like Danske says sell for today ,  but still though the price moved with the opposite direction, and what made Good .............. only your experience for PA to this pair .

Hat off Dee...

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Thank you

You are wellcome.

Enjoy your Public holiday

thx

Helee

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
One a day keeps the hunger pangs away! AU +39. Pin Bar/Dbl Top with Divergence at S&R and channel top and BRN. 15m 123 confirms direction a little later, closed this manually when Hidden divergence formed only 11 pips shy of my Target so I can live with that.

Nothing looked even remotely inviting on my other pairs so this will have to do, any way you do not need to monitor 20 pairs just for one trade a day.

In trading the opposite of what you expect is always true, "The more you trade the more you lose" "Greed is good, for the person on the other side of your trade"

That's it for today, no more wisdom left in the bottle.

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
You just summarized all what is about good trading  ,

BTW : I noticed that you changed Stoch to 8,3,7 and you used to use it as 8,3,3 . was that because of the book ?

Good Luck tomorrow for NFP

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Hi there,

i tried installing the 123 indicator on my MT4 platform, but when i load it on the chart it freezes and i have to ctrl+alt+del it.

Any ideas how to fix this?

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Stochs 8,3,7. The book was part of the reason, the other was what I read here.

Stochastic Indicator - EURUSD H4 - 5000000 backtests-analysis @ Forex Factory

so I thought I would try a different setting and see, so far I have no complaints. Setting the smoothing to 7 has cleaned up the indi it is less frantic, you have to look a little harder for the divergences but that is no hardship.

Also this setting re-inforces the claim that the Stochs is predictive, I am not going to explain why, let's see if you can work out why.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Doh......how do you find all of that time to read all of that stuff .......... , I bet that you are a retired University teacher and have fast reading skills... .

I hope that you don't mind getting back to you with this after the week end , I'll try my best to answer you as I have a lot of stuff to catch reading......

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Dear Friend,

It looks like a part of some book. It part3 at most of the places It has been written that we will discuss the thing it upcoming chapters like momentum, TRIOS, TRIX and moving averages.......

Please post remaining parts of this books or kindly let us know the book name from which you have taken this.

thanks

Sanjay

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
I googled it and spent a week (well it seemed like that) downloading it and at the end it said pdf was broken and unable to download.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
I have lost the will to live!!

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...94#post7423094

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Take it easy on your self man.........

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...88#post7271688

or about 20 other possibilities. maybe this

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...64#post7265164

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
One of the things about life. "Free costs Time"

Sorry but the link I used is no longer active, otherwise I would have posted it.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Another quiet day so here is the next exciting instalment of

The 3 Secrets to Trading Momentum Indicators pt4.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
NFP EU +50 +35 +40. I was short with limit orders prior to the release, my first TP of 50 was only just hit I closed out my 2nd manually for 35, I then entered long for a fade scalp because if you look at the stochs a 123 swing failure had formed. 2 red candles were not able to take the stochs down to OS indicating no momentum down. This became a 40 pip reversal back up.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
How do you keep doing that !!!

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
I'm sure that you are not talking about the obvious overbought/oversold state for Stochs as I've seen in many cases that when the price is on oversold still the price could go down for another 200 pips, for me anything other than price is a lagging indicator and the interpretation process depends on the traders experience.

from the Book I understood that whenever that the Stochs hocks or hings then you have one or two days before reversal " that's for stock market on a daily chart with slowing 10" , and from the link I understood that with all the back tests A slowing >= 6 is recommended.

I hope I'm close to the right answer......

I learned form you that divergence for Stochs moves cannot be taken with isolation , there have to be other confirming or confluence parts from price action and general context of the moves and honestly I feel what's more important your close relation with the pair that you reach a point you know it as a close friend of yours as you can read up his mind and tell him what he really needs to do even though he doesn't need to speak to tell you what's going on.

I've read about many peoplewho doesn't use any indicator and depend only on price action, just naked old candlesticks and they have a successful results, and mostly they only monitor specific instrument and not any thing on the chart, it seems dedicating the study to one pair or having all the concentration for one instrument would have a better results and I find this concept much better for good results and better trading psychology

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
I can not add any thing to what you have said other than to compliment you on your understanding of what is happening.

However.

I do have a "contentious" opinion about Price Action. And I must emphasise that this is just my opinion. I do not expect you or any one else reading this to have to agree with me.

Price reveals the intention of the market prior to any other thing, does it? Every thing else lags behind price! Absolutely true. "Everything" does lag behind price.

Think about it, where is price on a chart? it is to the far right, there is nothing else beyond it,  it is the thing that moves a pip at a time, that is the actual price.

The next thing we see on a chart is the result of this price movement. Individual Candles, Individual bars, What are these? "Indicators", of what "has" happened.  How long does it take for one of these indicators to complete? are they ahead of Price? No. What they do is form recognizable Patterns from which we make a decision.

How does this differ from what is happening at the bottom of our charts?

But what we are seeing at the bottom of our charts is "Lagging"!!

The only thing that is lagging is the individual traders ability to understand and interpret what they are seeing.

This is a very simplistic explanation of my opinion, in reality a whole discussion (argument) could be had but it is not one that I will participate in because agreement would never be reached. There will always be differing opinions and every one is entitled to theirs.

Attached is an example of how an indicator in combination with other things helped me make the decision to take a reversal and how for me, the indicator pattern "predicted" the reversal.

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Couldn't Agree more Dee and  thanks for the insight.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Yesterdays trades. EU +60. EJ +40. AU +35. UJ +50. I had to go out yesterday so locked in profits with SLs and had a good time. 3 x 123 entries and a breakout entry. Nothing is going to happen today so I am going to go and tend my vegetable patch.

Interesting. EJ. Hidden Divergence on the TDI (RSI) Indi and Regular Divergence on the Stochs.

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
That's Cool , and you are done for the week.........

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
I Dee

can you share me the fx round number indi?

thanks

armyda

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
here you go

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Yes you are right. I have plenty of stuff to get done before it gets much hotter, we are at 30 degree centigrade already, much warmer than normal. News calender is very weak http://www.bloomberg.com/markets/economic-calendar/ so I will take the rest of the week off, thanks for the thought.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
thank'you so much

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Dee,

Just been studying this chart. My volumes don't seem to agree with you. I know different brokers will register different exact volumes, but I wanted to try and 'see' a similar relative difference in volumes as you did; I tried these 3 methods.

The top is a MACD. The histogram does show a declining interest in candle B. The middle volume chart simply uses the volume indicator provided on my Mt4 platform. As you can see here, Candle B actually shows declining volumes. The bottom chart is something I found on FF called Better Volumes.

Can you please tell me which indicator you used for your volumes?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
I just used the Data window, but every broker is going to show a different volume relative to what their customers are doing. If you want a real comparison, I took these numbers off my futures platform which reports true volume in the futures market, in other words every one sees the same thing unlike the Spot forex market.

Candle A. 54,393. Candle B. 25,148. Candle C. 44,631. But do not tie yourself up, The purpose of that chart was just to highlite how the Stochs in that instance was predictive of the turn by showing a 123 reversal. What youre exercise reveals is that my Forex broker reported significantly different volumes and yet people maintain that the volume reported by each broker is usually relative to what is happening in the Forex market. Here is a clear example of that not being true.!!!! I should have known better and not shown the volumes, my apologies for any confusion.

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Thank you Dee. I'll be looking out for similar stoch behaviour in future.

Could I ask one more question? Referring to the same chart. You mention major support and resistance. How do you determine important S&R. When I looked at that chart, I could not see it as being a 'major' S&R - just one of several S&S zones; but I do have a tendency of drawing too many S&R lines. What do you look for? How do you determine which is more important than another?

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Remember what it said in the book about Indicator Patterns. Here is the Proof. EU +30 +75. Indicator 123. Backed up by Daily, 4hr & 1Hr Divergences at the High of the day. All you had to do was find an entry point. Regardless of what all these "experts" are telling you about the euro, let the charts show the way.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
This is a difficult one to explain on paper, I could show you in 10 mins if you were sat next to me, I have just spent the last hour trying to write down how I do it and it came out as garbage, even I got confused. But we will start with the attached charts, you might be cleverer than me and get it in one, if not keep asking until we get there, but just remember I do not do overtime.

The pin bar with divergence has nothing to do with the S&R lines, I just noticed it forming and made a note.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Thanks Dee. I'm going to try to get my brain to see what you saw...

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Some thing for the weekend, sir? Any one here old enough to have heard that question for real?

Part 5 of the ongoing saga "The 3 secrets To Trading Momentum Indicators"

I have to admit that the suspense is killing me wondering how this will end.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Thanks Dee

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
That's the professional traders............. Always developing... :nerd:

Thanks Dee

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
EU +50 123 Entry. I have been rich, I have been poor (many times), so now I just aim to be middle class. Take sensible profits if you are a day trader, let your profits run if you are a swing trader. Either way cut your losses short or better still do not have any!!  Today was an easy day for entry, the weekly was showing us the way. The indicator 123s helped show us where to get in. If you did not take the first 123 then there was the channel Breakout Pullback at the weekly S&R, which I deleted, which actually formed a second smaller 123.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Great Job Dee.... , I hope you always stay rich .

Have  nice week end

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
nice trades , Dee!

Spring is definitely a busy time for many of us, I was out of town most of last week,  and had appointments right in

the middle of NY sessions this week. I took a couple of trades on ej, and some on eaud, but didn't have time to come around

to post them daily.

Caught this trade on ej H1 early today morning, a continuation of yesterday's downtrend.

The other ej trade was taken on the 7th, in the asia session, at the 50% fib. ret. of the previous day (H1),  M15 pinbar  on 200/ 800ema with divergence and TDI cross.

The e/aud trades on H1 were all TDI cross trades, one of them on the 8th a CT trade with divergence.

I am hoping to have more time next week. Have a good weekend everyone.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
ES e-mini S&P +34 Pips. Watching Paint Dry, short hand for Forex Trading. 123 works on any instrument in any market and stocks are a little more volatile at the moment than the Forex market. So I waited for the cash session of the E-mini S&P to start at 15.30 CET and a very nice 123 was waiting for me. Chart is from my Futures platform so looks a little different but tells the same story.

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
That's Cool Dee, today is killing boring time for Forex and it's a good choice to look for other chances elsewhere , I didn't know that you trade indices , I find them very dangerous for me and I wish there is better information about them to try them out someday.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
I started my trading career with e-mini S&P 1min chart, I eventually found that to be too slow for me and I discovered Tick Charts and started trading 89 Tick charts as you can imagine this was extremely exhilarating and not at all profitable I thought the problem was that the e-mini S&P was too brutal so I started trading the mini Dow & the mini Russell as well, still using Tick charts. If you are not aware Tick charts are the equivalent of Super Turbo Charged formula one cars, they are fast! The 1min chart looks like an old banger in comparison. Trading the Dow and the Russell did not make me any more profitable and I started the quest for the "System" that would save me. This went on for 2 years and then I worked it out, the rest is history.

The indices are not dangerous, like all instruments you just have to get to know their character. Oil on the other hand, is a slippery customer, that one did Rip down my Pants and molest me on more than one occasion.

There were a couple of Forex Brokers that had the S&P, Dow, Oil and a few other commodities available on their Metatrader platforms, I can not remember who at the moment but I will have a look around.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Alpari UK offers Indices and commodities. I only trade Gold future (my account type does not allow for Gold spot) so can't speak much about their other non-forex offers. I did notice, however, that their UK100 offering differs from the actual FTSE by 30-50 pips.

Great trading as always Dee.

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
That's awesome....! I knew that you have along experience with this and this didn't happen with you over night .... , it seems that everyone learns with this market only with the hard way.....

I'm not sure why everyone says the same about oil , I see it easier than other pairs " I'm sure that I don't have the right picture about it! " but a lot of experienced people says that it's very unstable and a lot of people got eventually lost a lot of money with it

there are a lot of brokers who offer MT4 platform for Dow and S&P , and to be honest with you I've monitoring DAX on 1 Min chart and I've kind of like it and feel I may work on it , it may look very volatile but like anything on this market some rules work sometimes and others don't.

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
EU +38 +50 pending. There was a 123 Entry on the 15 min chart just below the BRN. I entered a few pips earlier based on momentum. Will it make it to my final TP. Taken 1 lot off for 38, SL at BE +10, left a runner for 50 at the BRN, but there is a possible divergence at the close of the candle and Indis are at the threshold of the OS.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
EU +38 +50. It Made it to my final TP. Divergence did not kick in at the candle close but there is still room for it to form. I had moved my SL down to BE +32, just in case. I know that Price will go down lower, but I am not in a competition to see who can hold their trade the longest, I am in the business of banking Pips at the lowest risk possible and I resent giving "any" back. So There!

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
That's a good start for the week....

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
I knew were gonna go for the eu!  nice

I had a long trade on ej entered in asia session, it was a ct trade with moderate tp based on

divergence , TDI  cross, mbl coming out of overbought, and general steep sloping of ema and MBL.

That trade missed my tp by 3 pips while I slept and hit BE.

Luckily I woke up just after 5am this morning, and saw the reversal entered short, +plus 50 hit

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Other CT on eaud H1, same setup,  sl  was already at BE when I went to bed,  hit tp +50

entered at the tdi cross right on top of MBL.

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
EJ +70. No wonder it is taking so long for my TPs to get hit, you lot are clearing all the money out of the market before hand. if you did not catch this entry, a 123 formed on the 15m, entry at the BRN 140.50 which also confirmed continuation.

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Have you teamed up with PHx62, I bet his trades are identical to yours at the end of the week. What's it like printing money whilst you sleep?

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
haha.. PHx62 is great , learned so much from him,

I am forced to do this coz of my timezone, get a lot of BEs too though.

I used to trade daily charts solely couple of years back, then it was truly making money while you sleep.

thx for sharing your trade charts Dee

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
EJ +58. Not a good 15m Pin Bar but supported by strong Divergence, combined with a good signal on the TDI. Sentiment is down so short we went, nice clean ride down with a little pause at the channel breakout giving a BPC, as expected, then just plopped down to give me my pips, note, these are My Pips no one else's. I also entered on the EU under identical circumstances, expecting a similar drop, it went down 15 pips but reversed on a 15m Pin bar I closed out for a B/E +2, hardly worth showing a chart for.

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
nothing spectacular for me today,

2 trades entered in asia session,

eaud H1 multiple 123s, consolidation breakout, TDI cross below mbl.  I had a longer tp set

but it didn't go there so closed for +36.

ej H1 similar setup, daily showed 123 as well, break out in asia session turned out to be an early entry

continued to consolidate until London open, set my SL to 30 pips, and went to bed, closed out this morning for +44

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
Dee, do you use a trade manager EA to take partial profits on your trades or manual?

I am looking for an EA to take partial lotsize off trades at tp1 and leave remaining open with sl at BE.

I use visual order EA, but that can only set sl to BE,  and that's it

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
gj was a clear winner today, with 150 pips move down, news had helped for sure,

LO h1 showed nice pinbar hanging on 200ema, and TDI green crossing red right below mbl and touching it.

That's what was missing on my ej H1 setup, I find the best pullbacks on tdi happen when it goes back to the mbl,

M15 confirmed the setup with 3 point divergence and tdi cross. (200 and 800emas on top of each other when a setup occur can predict big moves)

and of course 123s on h1.

just thought to share, hope you guys don't mind

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
You are most welcomed...... , Thank you for sharing your trades and thoughts.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
I don't use a Trade Manager EA. Have you tried Cavemanager. PHx62 was using it don't know if he still does.

Try here if you do not have it. EA & PDF instructions.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...67#post7358667

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
ES. +40 123. EU +40. MTGBWY Entry (May the gods be with you). Am I proud of this entry method? why of course, by leaving it in the hands of a higher power I guaranteed it's success. Who else could have foreseen that the market would take any notice of what a "Spanish" newspaper said, has every one gone mad?

The ES trade was a try out, Geomoon I actually found this on my MT4 platform I had no idea that all these stocks and commodities are available with this broker. Ironfx. https://www.ironfx.com/en/register

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Are you kidding?? It is about time some one else gave their perspective, it has been extremely one sided up till now so Please carry on posting!

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
May the god be with you all the time Dee......  , and thanks for the link.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
EU +18 Pip , EA +28 Pip , both were late entries ,  sometimes late is better than nothing..... .

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Hi Dee,

Do you apply the same strategies from Forex to indices  ? the pip value for indices are a lot higher than Forex and most what of I seen people try to scalp small number of point and don't go for big number of pips,right ?

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
In essence, you are right. But I would not recommend  any trader tries to scalp the ES with out first having traded Higher TFs. The ES rarely moves smoothly in one direction, it whipsaws around because there are so many traders trading it all pushing or pulling in their own directions. The main reason many traders start on the ES is because it is a highly liquid instrument and you very rarely if ever never get filled even during news time, slippage is also low because of the sheer volume of orders going thru.

here is a link to Ironfx's contract specification page. http://www.ironfx.com/en/trading-products/futures

Scroll down and Click on "Contract Details"

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
A little diversion. In the last 6 days the Euro has fallen 300 pips, however, there have actually been 412 pips available to the Day Trader during LO to Euro close. Here is a chart to illustrate that there are some benefits to being a Day Trader.

I think that the names given to things in Trading are rather boring and none descript at the bottom of the chart I have put a couple of alternatives, perhaps you would like to submit some alternatives and we will see if we can make trading more interesting.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
here is a little more information on daily volume for the ES from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/equi...html?optid=133

And

http://www.cmegroup.com/market-data/...ty-volume.html

And

http://www.cmegroup.com/market-data/...ge-volume.html

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Yah, that's cool,how about the .....Drunk Man Dance , or M Move

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
eaud H1 "Hope this keeps going up" entry

double bottom, slight divergence,

decided to enter after a strong bullish candle close, followed by very steep TDI cross,

entered at the open of second blue candle on H1 chart.

Later on I noticed if someone was patient enough, the m5 chart showed a nice consolidation back to the steep angled 10ema( I use)

with 123 formation.

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
I also took a small loss on ej m15,

123 entry after consolidation and TDI cross right below MBl,

exit -5, there was divergence I guess,

Dee, thanks for the cave manager , I'll try , I had it before but  found it to be too complicated

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Nothing wrong with being late, here in Spain it has become an art form and they still make a living.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
aww what a shame, and you were doing so well.

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
I will load it up this weekend and see if I can work out how it works.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
If you got caught out by yesterdays news reaction, here is what should have made you very cautious!!

Easy to see with hindsight, but there were plenty of warnings before the news. News was after the dotted vertical line.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
ES +40 +68. 4 Hr 123 Entry. I am posting this purely to show that the 123 method works in other markets. However, the ES is a bitch so please take care.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Dear dee50

where did I find the trading rules for your system,entry expl etc..

thx for help!

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Nice Work Dee....

Have a nice week end.

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Every thing is in the "Attachments" section at the top of the page. look for the Paperclip symbol to the left of "subcribe"

PDFs
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...47#post7416247

Indicators
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...09#post7341709
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...88#post7271688

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Thx Dee50 for help!

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
An excellent article from Jupafx over at Order Flow Trading. I sometimes feel that I have learnt too much about trading and as a consequence find myself procrastinating about an entry because my analysis had gone one step too far. But, articles like this remind me of the "Useful" information that is out there offered up by those who have gone before.

http://www.orderflowtrading.com/Fore...-Trenches.aspx

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
What is an "Edge"? How can you find one?. Surprisingly easily!! An "Edge" is staring you in the face!!! Cryptic, read on.

http://www.orderflowtrading.com/Fore...-Frontier.aspx

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
I think this is what adds difficulty to trading , as it's subjective and depend on the traders experience , that's why you would see successful traders with a certain strategy but if someone else used that strategy he will not have the same results.

You could have three reasons to take a trade but at the minute you want to take it you see one reason not to take it so you walk away and you discover later that this was the right decision " or could be the opposite " , and that applies to to close a trade.

having a clear mind set is the challenge with rules competing over their priorities and you could easily end up with analysis paralyses unless you pay your time screen time.....

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
It is not difficult before trying anything all seems difficult. But if you start with it then you will see that it is too easy for you.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Current trade EU. +30 1st TP. 2nd TP pending. SL B/E +6. Will post when complete

Yesterdays ES. 123. +32 +68. added a second contract at next 123

Day before ES 123. +36

UPDATE. Have moved SL to B/E +15 1.3695. 15m chart is OS and Price reached minor falling TL. Small Pin Bar forming on 1hr with Divergence. We could see a bounce here so locked in a bit more profit.

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
UPDATE on EU trade. Moved SL down to 1.3680 B/E +30. Pin Bar +divergence did not form. TP is BRN 1.3650 for +60. TDI and Stochs 1hr are now in OS, see if there is enough momentum to carry price down to TP! just 6 pips away.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
EU +38 +58. I left 2 pips on the table. 15m is deeply OS and turning up. news in 15 mins could impact. So I decided to leave the table whilst luck and the gods were with me.

Have a nice day.

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
ES +48. 123 Entry. I did not trade today, so here is yesterdays ES trade. You are getting my ES trades the next day because they run until 10pm (my time) and much as I am dedicated to your development as professional traders, 10pm at night really is my limit, especially as I start at 8.00am (my time) I hope you understand.

I am not sure that I like trading the ES because my working day has increased significantly, but, this is where pips are, so I will stop bitching and suck it up. You feel me? (The Wire)

By the way. Is anybody there??

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Yes, we are here!

Please keep posting. I study your charts frequently - hoping I'll learn to see what you see;  take more successful trades, and fewer losing trades.

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Quoting dee50

By the way. Is anybody there?? {image}

Same here dee, I check every post every day to try to see what you're seeing, and be amused by your humour!

Also, excuse my ignorance..what is ESM4? Doesn't seem to be available on my broker.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
As always well trading Dee.....

I was a little bit busy this week and I was enjoying reading your posts and just got the chance to reply to the thread thanks for sharing.

what I like most about your trades that you don't stick to the idea that you don't have to trade everyday, but you trade good well setups and chances which applies the concept of working smarter not harder.

I'm trying to understand your way for S&P trading and it seems very close to currencies , are they traded the same way ?

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Thanks for letting me know you are here, appreciate it.

Down below I have prepared a post that should help you with your query about how I draw S&R lines, which I never really finished. This should help.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
ESM4 is the Forex broker equivalent of the ES e-mini S&P 500. it is not available on all Forex brokers. I use this broker. https://www.ironfx.com/en/register.

Who has a whole load of stocks and index's available to trade. I think Alpari is another one and there are a few more.

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Yes, you just need to be aware of how the ES moves, unlike the currencies the ES tends to whipsaw it's way up or down. a lot of Pro Traders trade the ES and you can see lots of 100, 200 contracts being placed and absorbed this makes the ES jump up and down a bit more, but once you have got used to it, it trades the same way as any other instrument.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Here is some information on how I draw my S&R lines. The 123 formation and many other Price patterns are best traded off areas of S&R, you can avoid many losses this way. here is a link to an explanation by Nial Fuller, who uses S&R in his Price Action Trading.

How To Draw Support and Resistance Levels Like A Professional. Nial Fuller
http://www.learntotradethemarket.com...istance-levels

A video to go with this.
http://www.learntotradethemarket.com...s-and-r-levels

As a logical follow on, read this

The Simplest Forex Trading Strategy in the World. Nial Fuller
http://www.learntotradethemarket.com...y-in-the-world

Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Thank you Dee. Will spend this bank holiday weekend digesting this info.

Have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Hi Dee50,

Any chance you would be kind enough to post some live trades?

Maybe the entry analysis, a bit of mid trade commentary and the trade close.

Would be great for all the readers to look through your lenses and increase their understanding regarding decisions made at those specific points in time.

Greatly appreciated!

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
here is the season finale in the "The 3 secrets to Trading Momentum Indicators" you might find the ending surprising, if not a little obvious. I personally felt that it was a little rushed and a little more emphasis could have been given to the relationship between the 3 MAs and how they used Candlesticks.

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Just a reminder.

The Best Times To Trade the Forex Market

Basic stuff I know, but some times we pass on the obvious because we are looking for the more complicated.

Attached Image

There are times in the market that regularly produce trades on a consistence basis. You will witness volume at these specific times.2am EST: The German open. This begins the day, and breaks the slow choppy price action of the Asian session. 3am EST: The London open. This is often the exact reversal of the German open 8.00-8.30am EST: 90 minutes before the opening bell begins the attempt into the gap fill for the open.(Futures) 10am EST: Most big money will wait for the first half hour after the bell to place their first trades of the day. The 10am time frame produces more entries than any other. 11.30am EST: 30 minutes before the European close. This is called the 11:30 reversal period, the beginning of the daily doldrums. We usually witness profit taking in the opposite direction from whatever the main direction of the morning was. 1.30-2.00pm EST: The end of the daily doldrums. This is many times a stop run from the consolidation of the slow choppy lunch time trade 3.30-3.45pm EST: An attempt at a run toward the daily pivot for the next day. Stick to these specific times and you will find yourself in the beginning of trends as they develop, normally!

A word of caution.

Remember we are in the summer doldrums, now is the time to adjust not just your clocks but also your Pip expectations. What was a 5 minute 10 pip scalp will now take 2 hours or more. So put aside your frustrations and accept that these are leaner times and do not enter a trade just because you feel you should be in the market.

If you want your local time here is a link to an app. http://www.forexmarkethours.com/markethours.php

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Price projections from yesterday. Note that YELLOW line is 50% Fib Retr. RED line is 61.8% Fib Retr. (line in the sand). Target is GREEN DOTTED lines 123% Exp & 161.8% Exp. I marked the first chart. These projections were done on a futures account so 6E is EU, 6B is GU, the rest are as normal. The method and charts come from here. http://eminiaddict.com/

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Brill as usual Dee.

RE: Summer Doldrums - it's still spring here! When do you expect more normal trading to resume? Mid- Sept?

Any other big picture words of wisdom please?

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Thanks for the valuable info Dee..., I was wondering why the markets are so slow those days , and as you cleared that it's natural at summer, maybe it's time to take a vacation...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Thanks dee

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
EU News. So far 1st TP +18 pips. SL B/E +2

Will you or Wont you Trade. Crap GDP cancels out better Employment figures. Final TP +35. Will sentiment be enough to give me a profit today? The rest of America comes online in a couple of minutes then we will see.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Luv this from Mike Paterson over at Forexlive.com

quote.
Did someone mention a happy pill ?

It’s Friday and yes it’s been a long week, albeit a 4-day one for the UK and US but I’d hate to leave you all on a negative note as I head out for the week-end
These markets are now what they are.Tight, scrappy, low volume, frequently mind-blowingly numb affairs but we simply have to deal with that.
No point being miserable or moaning about it. Just get on with it as it’s not going to change anytime soon, if at all.And if you have to adapt your trading style/time frames then so be it. There’s enough experience in this wonderful Forex community to help as needed.

So have a great week-end all you good people and let’s stay happy. unquote.

That EU News trade yesterday, did not move any further down than my 1st TP, in fact went back up and hit my SL for +2 pips. What a week!!

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
I like it too, you just have to deal with it and take the happy pill

It also helps if you search for pairs with higher adr value.

I did that the other day and for example g/au has 130 pips adr, also gcad 100.

btw here we went straight to summer from winter had not a day of spring, so Iam

happy to be outside and enjoy the sun.

Speaking of news there was a pretty 123 setup on gcad m15 this morning 30 minutes after cad news release

I missed it , next time I'll pay more attention to FF calendar.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
EU +2 +15. EU +13 +28. 123 Entry visible on 1 hr & 15m Charts, went to 1st TP for +15 then came back and took my SL for +2. BPC entry. Everything pointed to this just being a pullback, so a tight SL and off we go again. 1st Tp easy, 2nd TP  I was not sure about as a potential Divergence was forming. I thought price might go above the BRN upto 1.3670 to collect the Stops sitting above that High, but I was being a bit too optimistic for a Friday.

The chart says it all, everything was pointing to the EU going up today, Rising TL. Also Rising TL on the TDI and Stochs, Failure of Stochs and TDI to come back down to the 32 level, etc etc.

There was an identical setup on the EJ, put with so few pips in the pot I was not going to stretch myself thin.

At least I did not finish the week with just 18 pips.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
I took one intraday trade on ej this week H1 NY session

for 30 pips.

Two H4 trades on eu showing divergence , tdi moving out of OS and crossing

and 123. because it only started moving today and being friday I took profits.

Gu H1 entered late last night on 123 and TDI coming out of OS.

Last one is my first trade on GA, couple of 123s, nice tdi angle and steep 10ema

both gu and ga would've made it to my set 50 pips tp if I had waited patiently .

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Seek and ye shall find. searching thru multiple pairs is not for me, if I don't know it I don't touch it. Anyway all those lines and colours would be too psychedelic for me, reminds me too much of my younger days experimenting with chemicals. But it works for other people, but for me at my time of life, trading "The Exotics" is something I leave to you youngsters.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
I agree with you, I only had 4 charts eu ej  gu and ea, nothing more

but the adr value went so low that I was gonna go look for a summer job,

I'll keep watching ga next week when Iam at my screen and we'll see how it goes

Have a good weekend everyone

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Nice work guys... , it's great that you still can trade within this narrow range

have a nice weekend.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Perhaps you could explain for me. What range of ADR do you look for before deciding that a pair is tradeable, what look back period do you use to asses the ADR. Is a prior ADR sufficiently reliable to predict enough pips to trade on or is it like most things trading, as reliable as a coin toss? How many pairs do you screen. What is the meaning of life. Should I change my sexual orientation. Are my potatoes ready for harvesting. So many questions

Low ADR? Here is the solution.
Attached Image

See ya all after the weekend.

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
And now for something completely different.

If Cats had thumbs would trading be different?
Attached Image

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Hi Dee50,

Do you trade only EURUSD ?

What Tdi do you use. rsi 10 or 13 ?

How can i trade 123 Method pls explain what should i do?

Thanks,

Helanka

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
This post deals with one question.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...64#post7475464

This picture answers the other two.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please note. Here is a Basic Truth!! The methods I use are not magic, they work because I have spent "Years" trading this way using the same method day after day. Neither you nor any one else will have the same level of success, initially. However, if you continue with the TMS method and add the 123 method to it you will be heading in the right direction.

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Thanks dee50

I will read all things & will ask you if there is any problem

Thanks,

Helanka

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Hi dee50,

I need your advise for below.

1) When 123 pattern form do you enter pending order above or below (buy/sell) near point 2 or what method do you use?

2) When TDI Green Red cross Do you consider MBL & 50/68/32 area on TDI when enter trade on 123 pattern ?

3) As i realized by your previous reply,you only trade EJ/EU/AU/UJ pairs.So pls advise what market you trade thees pairs & what is the best time to trade these pairs ?

Thanks,

Helanka

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Following Imi's comments about the ADR of various pairs, I thought I would have a look into it for myself. Rather than have loads of charts open all over the place, I wanted results in a tabulated form, this is what I have come up with so far (it's the weekend, sad bastard aren't I?).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a template,
Attached File(s)   adr.tpl

10 KB
|
292 downloads

the indicator
Attached File(s)   DailyRangeIndicator.mq4

15 KB
|
500 downloads

Anyone have any idea if you can import Profiles? If so how? otherwise you will have to create the layout yourselves which is not that difficult, File, Profiles, click on Default. File, New Chart, pick pair. Apply template. repeat for other pairs. Then  just select Window, Tile Horizontally.

Have fun

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
EU +15 +30. 123 Entry. Signalled on 4 hr and 1 hr. Exited 2nd TP manually. Every thing is on the chart. Do not know if ADR was a help or a hindrance, because it was showing room for price to go down, only 10 pips, but I was hesitant, but with both TDI and Stochs OS. Maybe given some time I will be able to work the info from ADR into my trading. I can see possibilities but it will require a lot of back testing to convince me.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
EU +15 +25. News Trade. ISM was a complete balls up, they miscalculated????. So back into sentiment for EU. Rejected at Falling Trendline confluence of 61.8% Retr. Then rejected at 50% Retr, lower high at short term S&R. 1st TP was obviously BRN, but BRN had been acting as support quite a few times already. 2nd TP was the 123.8% Projection for +35 pips. There was an S&R in between which could hold things up so I checked ADR table and it showed 7 pips available also divergence formed on TDI and stochs was OS, so I closed manually for +25. You should also note that there was confluence of the S&R level and the BTM of the channel, so a few things were saying, "Enough for today".

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
I'm lost now ....Dah....... I wish you could lend me your eyes Dee.....

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
here's a spare pair.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
EU +24 +40. Price Action Entry. 6th Bounce off 1.3590 - 80 Support level. Bounce off Bottom of channel. Divergence. What more do you want? I initially targeted the 50% retr, but the 123 formed on the 1hr and 15m confirming upward momentum so took 1 contract off and let the other run, then price blew thru the 61.8% and I initially considered the Range top as TP for +50 but ADR said not. So I went for the channel top for +40. As it happens price would just have missed a TP of 50 by 1 pip and I would have been scrambling for 45. I am happy with 40.

if you did not see the PA entry, the 123 that followed would have given you an easy 30pips.

I am done. Have a nice day.

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Hi all,

hope you guys had a good weekend, I had a really good one.

beautiful weather ,good activities.

Back to trading yesterday, had 3 BE trades, after each being  up +20 pips,

guess I wasn't nimble enough to catch tp soon.

Here are today's trades .one ga after the news in asia session last night,

and two this morning on eu and ecad. On the ecad I actually had the H4 chart open and accidentally entered

believing I was on h1. all charts are H1

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Dee, I am not too fussy about the adr, this is the one I have on my charts.

I'd been reading PHX62's posts and pdfs, and know he prefers to trade pairs that have and adr value of 100 or above

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
EU News trade ongoing. Not sure that this has the legs to hit even one target today, all orders are at B/E so if nothing happens, nothing ventured nothing gained!

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
That text is far too small for my eyes, I would need to use a magnifying glass, can you picture that?

I can see how using ADR can be beneficial in Consolidating/Ranging markets but it could be a hindrance in a strongly trending market taking me out far too soon. In the end it is just another tool and like all tools it depends on how you use it as to what you can create with it.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Update. EU news trade. +2 +2. 1 order still running. But what an arsehole, one of my SLs got taken even though price went no where near it and my first TP, price went thru it but did not fill it, this is one of the reasons I stayed away from the Spot Forex market for all these years. The same TP on my futures platform was filled and that SL was not taken so I still have 2 orders running on my futures platform. Spot Forex is not a level playing field and most of the time I do not bitch about it, but when the market is like this and it is hard to make a profit, the last thing you need is this sort of shit!!

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
I thought that the only difficulty with the spot is deciding the direction .....  , it seems that ONLY brokers who get the wining deal..

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Final result. EU News trade. +2 +2 +30. HUH!!

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Still You Rock dee50!  Keep it, thanks

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
eaud m5  123entry,  after  H1 123, pinbar hanging on 200ema, and TDI cross

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
That's good , as long your account shows positive I think it worth the waiting.....

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Interesting bit of research by "Heispark" don't miss the link at the bottom of the first post an article by Bloomberg.com

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=488268

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Nice trade. Clean 123, but it is coming to something when we have to go down to the 5 min chart to find an entry on E/AUD

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
EU +37 +68 . News trade. Could not post an ongoing as it happened too fast. Next up the press conference where Draghi will announce the rest of the measures, careful here as it could go the other way.

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
At last I was able to catch 30 pips out of EU news , I tried to close the position many times but it didn't let me..... , maybe it was for my own good  eventually.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Nice trade. well done.

You must have one of the nice brokers, they wanted you to make more money so they would not let you close the trade.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Thanks , Yah Brokers are like any casino house, they let you win some before they web your account, so when you loose money .... you don't loose addiction to the game.....

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
And now EU goes into free fall Mode.........

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Last one EU +44. News Bounce trade. 1.3500 a key number with lots of buy orders waiting and sellers taking profits. I have milked it for all I can, so I am done for today.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
nice trades guys, congrats.

I wasn't so lucky today, entered sell on ej H1 last night, I made a screenshot while the trade was in progress

had set breakeven to come in at +26 pips, and before I went to bed was even thinking to remove it and just let the sl and tp on.

Then this morning I had no access to my MT4 , it was not responding, took me over 2 hours trying to access it.

Then see what happened to my trade, bad luck, but was only my fault, really

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Outch.......well at least you didn't loose any, Good luck next time..

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
123Alarms is no work on mt4 646

is it have a update vertion?

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
EU +15 Pip early morning, and +20 Pip trading NFP news, both 123, I took the trade just before the news as the setup was tempting with a small lot and didn't trust that it will last , luck seems to be on my side today.

have a nice weekend everyone.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I entered this on rebound from high, after release of NFP. NFP's results were within range of expected results and I guessed there was a possibility of price coming back to where it was before the news release. In addition, the move above the previous day's high was not convincing as it closed below the high with a pin bar on the M15.

Normally I see Dee and Phx62 taking trades off pinbars on H1 so there was some risk taking it off the M15 but I was counting on momentum seeing price to at least the low of the large up bar i.e. prior to news release. Bagged 25 pips.

My question though is this: Was my analysis foolish? Yes, price worked in my favour. On the M5 a clear 1-2-3 did form but I entered prior to breakout of 2 as I was watching the M15. On M15, TDI just broke back into the blue line. On M5 (looking in hindsight), TDI had crossed beautifully.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
You made 25 pips,  so who cares if you were foolish or not.

Your analysis was just fine, but you did not need to look at the 5min chart at all!! The 1hr was giving you all the information you needed, the 15m Pin Bar was just the icing on the cake. You had failure to close above the previous days high, yes, but more importantly you had Strong Divergence at a major S&R level with divergence showing on 1hr and 15m and also visible on the 4hr TDI. The 15m Pin Bar with divergence @ a major S&R  just confirmed it.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
You made 35 pips more than me, so I do not think I should be giving advice.

I did not trade the NFP because the result 217k was too close to predicted 214k. In fact I was surprised that the EU went up at all based on those results and considering sentiment, and it did eventually go down, but the up move was probably the big boys picking up the stops above the S&R level as liquidity was a bit thin, so luck was indeed on your side, but then who said that trading was scientific?

I see another 5m chart, are you all becoming scalpers?

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Dee, you are already gazillion pips a head of me and I'm sure that you will forgive me today for my lousy 35 Pips ......

I used the 5M chart during the news as I think at the NFP ,every minute counts and I didn't like the market response as usually the first minute would have a longer spike but sooner it was fading out losing momentum, I'm sure that it was pure luck and only experienced trader like you would choose the right decision by staying away in such condition and to be honest fear was all over me , I'm working on a real account now and my heart was going to be out of my chest during the news.

I really have no Idea how you could trade the news and be calm...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Thanks Dee. Really appreciate your reply. I saw the divergences and failure to close above previous day. I still don't quite get how to identify what is a major S&R - just saw resistance. Probably. Needed to look further to I the left of the charts?

And no, I'm not trading off M5 - just post trading analysis.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
dee,123patterns system is  unavailable for mt4 version 4.00 build 646
i want to get a new 123 patterns version.

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Easy. Drugs.  Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
If it isn't clear on your trading TF, go UP one. This might help.

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Does Forex News Trading Really Work? Jarrat Davis explains why price sometimes moves in the opposite direction to what a news release suggests.

Who is he??? Verified and Ranked by Barclays Investment database as the worlds 2nd best performing trader for the past 4 years in a row!! so he might know what he is talking about.

Inserted Video

Also provides FREE trading signals here http://www.forexpeacearmy.com/forex-...ading-signals/

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
123patterns system is unavailable for mt4 version 4.00 build 646

Can you  use this 123patterns system?

do you use mt4 version 4.00 build 646

Why has no one to answer my question？？

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Was expecting a quiet Monday but saw price movement on euro. Initially entered long - fell for the false breakout but managed to keep loss to -2. When price pulled back after failing to exceed, much less close above yesterday's high, entered short. Took trade off H1 and checked with M15. M15 showed TDI cross.

Price seemed to move strongly down and at one stage I thought it would continue beyond yesterday's low. Had M15 up to see price action. Price stalled at yesterday's low so closed trade for +30. Will look for another chance to enter short if market shows trend.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
I don't use this indicator. Try searching this thread - it's not a large thread. Use the search facility on the top left, or simply read a few pages back. I remember someone else having a similar problem with build 600+. and a solution or compromise was suggested.

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Does anybody know how to adjust the alert to go off when when the second leg (the retrace) ends, effectively when the third dot is put on the chart?

I want to be able to trade 61.8 retraces when they coincide with s/r or a moving average, rather than wait for price to clear the previous swing before the alert goes off.

Hope this makes sense.

Moonie.

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
If you had read the thread you would have realised that "Robdee" the thread and indicator originator, last posted on this thread in January 2012. So there have been no updates to the 123patterns indicator since v7 in Dec 2011. If you are desperate he has a twitter page here https://twitter.com/robdeeforex but has not posted there since Dec 2012. There is also a link on his profile page. http://homepages.ihug.co.nz/~rdee/index.htm

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Sounds like you should post this query on the "Platform Tech" thread and see if some one can rewrite the indicator for you.

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Good Analysis, Good execution and great Defence. Congrats on the +30 but even bigger congrats on limiting the loss to -2 pips. That's how you make profits!

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Hi Dee,

I'm not sure as to how I got onto this page but I am glad that I did.

I just want to say a BIG thank you for all your time, effort, charts and explanations. Your explanations are so simply put that it makes our learning so much easier.

It makes learning for this 55 year old so much easier to understand. After reading all of your posts I think I have found my trading strategy/break. Need to now work at it and get it right.

Thank you for your kindness in wanting to share your knowledge with us, especially to us that's new to trading.

I will be looking at this post on a daily basis to look at your charts...

BTW, I have read each and every post from the very beginning, made notes of all the pages that I need to reread for better understanding.

Take care and God bless.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Thanks Dee. Learning from you.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Thanks dee, I notice, looking back at your past trades, you take the aggressive (3) entries rather than waiting for price to go past (2). Do you use an indicator or are you always in front of the charts?

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Back to H1 trading, here are Monday's and today's trades taken on ej.

Yesterday I took profit early , I had set tp to +50 at the 200ema, woke up couple hours before NY

open and closed for +30. everything was still pointing down.

Second trade entered in asia session, a continuation of yesterday's trend, luckily no BE at this time, hit TP

there was another good entry opprtunity right after LO as well

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Neither. I use this a lot. TTE, Traders Trick Entry.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Nice.

Have you seen this?
http://tradingmadesimple.com.au/

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
You are very welcome. Thank you for taking the time to inform your self about the method before posting, unfortunately, very many do not do that.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Have you seen this? http://tradingmadesimple.com.au/

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Set up by Gilr? Yes. I've just been looking at it earlier today. Have not signed up to be a member yet though I plan to.

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
EU yesterday +30 +58. PA entry Triple top +Div @major S&R. Today +30 +37. 4Hr 123 + TL Break +Div @BRN & S&R. 2nd TP not hit today, I closed manually as price stalled for 3 hours. Sods Law says "It will Continue and go to your TP"

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Excellent, interesting strategy that dee. Many thanks for posting. Now, off you go to claim your free forexfactory 10 year Birthday T-Shirt.

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
NICE, love the triple top with div. and the continuation today.

Both setups occured at the same time 1hr after LO.

now a hidden bullish div. starting to form on h1 and also on h4.

I checked the website you posted , yeh all TMS trades.

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
hihi... and don't forget to post a picture of wearing it...

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Dee, thanks for all of your insight, you are a great teacher. Took this trade today, BPC off a strong s/r level, I probably should have held onto it longer but I was happy with 15 pips

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Nice work Dee ,

Although your settings for stochastic are the same as mine my chart doesn't show divergence like yours for the last trade, is it something related to broker datafeed ?

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
At most you might have squeezed out 5 pips more. If you are not sure where price may go for your TP, try the 123 measured move or look for confluence BRN, S&R. Channel Tops & Bottoms or in your case Pivots. I have marked them on a chart for you, I marked your Entry & Exit candles as a reference point. But all in all you exited at the correct point and 15 pips profit in this market is not too shabby.

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Yes. This is another reason why Spot Forex is not a level playing field, we all get to see something different. There is absolutely no need for it. The differences are artificially engineered.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Hi Dee,

Just to let you know that YOU have been a GREAT teacher to learn from.

I have taken 1 trade yesterday on GJPY and I made 23pips.

I have taken 2 trades today and won on both of them:

GCHF x 20pips and on EGPB x 10pips.

At this stage I only use the MAs and the TDI to time and take the trades. However, I would like to use your Indi the 123RH so that I can learn how to see the 123patterns when they are formed.

I have downloaded the indi and it works. I would like to know if I should use it with your default settings as i am trading the 4H and 1H TF and managing the trades on the 15M chart.

Your default settings are:

Maxbars x 300     Aggression x 1     Behaviourswitches x 259     Rejectifheightlessthan x 15     Targetpercent123 x 100     Targetstart123 x 2

Bandperiod x 20     Banddei x 2.0

Thank you for your kind assistance.

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Who else is using123Patterns?

Now the 123Patterns to the void cannot be used in mt4 644.

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
The attached shows the relevant settings. The attached PDF explains the settings.

Congrats on your Pips.

Important lesson. Leave the euphoria of the win behind, before you take your next trade, get up go for a walk, any thing to get rid of the winning drug before you look for your next trade. The come down of a loss can be worse than on heroin, celebrate like crazy when you win but always enter trades without emotion.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
By the Gods. Here, the answer has been posted several times in this thread, but don't you worry your self I will spend the time looking thru the thread so you do not have to stress your self.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...88#post7271688.

Set ZIGZAG to 5 or more!

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Yeah, they can't be bothered to read for themselves. Only 73 pages to this thread, even less if you're "smart" enough to read from when MT600+ was introduced.

You're a patient one, Dee

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Thank you Dee for giving me your settings to the 123RH for the higher TF. This will make it a little easier for me to find trades on the 123 system you teaching.

Thank you for your kind words of wisdom as well.

I took a trade this morning on ENZD and got out with 63 pips. I hope this is not just a case of beginners luck but i do look at the charts very carefully before placing trades and i also try and read what PA is telling me at the time.

All thanks to you my kind Sir.

Take care.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
Some thing for the weekend, sir.? Where to take Profits? it takes time and practice to see where price is likely to go and until you have the experience there is a way to "guess" more accurately, both methods shown on the chart have also been illustrated in the 123 Trading PDFs that are available. Price has a tendency to create patterns and because of this we can project where price is "likely" to go,

The Measured Move.

We are using the 123 pattern so we use the formula that CD is likely to be equal to AB. AB is the 1 to 2 leg, CD is the 3 to D leg.

There are 2 methods that can be used,

The Fib Expansion Tool, this is the true CD=AB because the price expansion is measured from point 3 (C).

The Normal Fib Extension Tool, this is not the true CD=AB because the price expansion is measured from point 2 (B).

(before you ask, I have used both methods and have no particular favourite, I use the "200" method most, but I could not tell you why).

When using either of these methods look for confluence, this will help you asses the viability of the move.

Use the Measured Move to determine if a trade is actually worth taking, is the Risk to Reward worth the aggravation.

When and if you do a search for more information on The Measured Move, do not be confused by the ABCD Pattern, this is an entirely different trading pattern.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This chart shows the Fib settings.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
63 Pips.  If that is beginners luck, I want to be a Beginner!!(said in a Petulant tone)

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
I have an excellent teacher who shares his charts unselfishly what more can i say...

and those willing to take time out to study his charts will see what we otherwise cannot see.

Thank you for the 2 new charts posted and the Fib extensions. Will try and learn how to use them and incorporate it in my trading.

Thank you Dee for everything.

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Did I do something wrong here, other than not taking a profit when I had the chance? I moved my stop to BE and was trying to be patient, now I see there was a 123 on the 5m chart, but should I take signals from the 5min?

This is GBPUSD 15min

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Just got around to watching this video. So, the advice when news trading is to look deeper into the news release to discover things that could move the currency in a different direction to what is expected. So you get the economic release and you have a little read, then you look at the chart, oops, it's already moved 100 pips. What I suspect is happening, is that people who pay for early news data, get wind of the extra detail and pile in, leaving everyone else on the wrong side of the trade.

Using the 'news gun' on forexpeacearmy is my preferred method.

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Mixed bag yesterday. Some poor decisions resulted in giving back early gains, resulting in Break even.

This was trade was taken in Asian for +36. I had TP higher but price was stalling before Frankfurt Open. I did not want to give back any more pips. Hey ho. Soon after I got out, price shot up towards my target.

Earlier in the day, I had EJ short. Price had trouble going further below 137.80. H4 shows a support zone in that region, so when H1 stalled and refused to go lower, I exited my short and looked for opportunity to go long.

Price was forming a diagonal, TDI was compressing but MBL was going up. H1 also showed a triple bottom zone. M15 gave the entry.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
IMHO if you need to look at the 5min chart for signals, you are looking at the wrong pair!

Your entry was a little optimistic as you entered long on a Bearish Divergence, you did the right thing in moving to B/E as a second Bearish Divergence formed at a confluence area. Had you taken your 25 pip profit it would have been the perfect trade as every thing pointed to a reversal at the BRN. Unexpected news pushed price further down than it would ordinarily have gone. I have and still do take marginal entries, you did the right thing in controlling your potential loss and as long as you stick to that you will not go wrong. Well done!

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
The markets attitude to you.

Your attitude to the market.  Attached Image
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Made my day!

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
That's the way to trade.....

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Thanks Dee I guess I just need to keep practicing, I saw the bounce off that trendline and I didn't want to miss the breakout.

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Just a reminder. Jarrat Davis Free Trading Course. video number 2 has been posted. Keep this in perspective, jarrat is looking to sign up people in the end, so he is unlikely to give away too much info, however if you are interested in News Trading the snippets he does give away are very interesting. Sign up for the 3 videos, it only needs an e-mail address.
http://www.forexpeacearmy.com/forex-...att-davis.html

What he is teaching is not new, I have been analysing the news in the same way for years, I originally picked up on it from Kathy Lien who produces a sentiment chart ahead of the News releases for members of hers and Boris Schlosbergs site. here is an example.

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Give your confidence a boost, here is an excerpt from an ex Institutional Trader. From this thread. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=486128

"Retail traders, don't sell yourself short. What we looked at as far as technical, charts, fundamentals, etc is pretty much the same thing that you look at as well. The Spot guys would always talk about highs and lows and support and resistance. Some would use that to "run stops" (meaning getting the price to trade that level to uncover s/l loss orders in order to make a few pips. So be careful where you put your stops, the bank traders will gun for them if they can!!!! Also, there was never any Hedge Fund's that did anything you and I wouldn't do, if eur was selling off because of Draghi's comments they sold like the rest of us only in size. Don't be impressed with Hedge Funds at least when it comes to the spot market. They don't know anymore or are anymore sophisticated that you are, its just a matter of degree. I give you another example, the biggest FX fund (or at least most well know) out there when I was in the business was FX Concepts. They gave back their customers money a year or two ago because they couldn't make money trading FX.

Give yourself some credit guys, if your making money be proud of yourself's....if not then you have to keep at it if you truly love it."

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
EU +50 15m 123 Entry. Nearly got suckered into the open breakout but the gods stayed my hand and instead I took the choice entry off a 6 tap S&R, Trend line and strong Divergence with a 15 min 123 followed by another creating the 1 hr 123 from which I took my eventual TP up at the top of the range with confluence at the 200% and a trend line just below. Identical set up on EJ the 1hr 123 would have given 30 pips.

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
Targets for the EU, GU, UJ and AU using the Measured Move Technique. Don't shoot the messenger if the market has other ideas!

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Thanks for all your chart postings Dee, learning so much from them especially with all the notes you put in there.

Did some reading regarding the Fibs you mentioned in post 1457, very interesting to see just how price reacts to these levels. I need to get the hang of it.

Never used Fibs before, so thank you for the suggestion.

BTW I took your 123RH indi off some charts and I can now see the 123 patterns without it.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
dee50

i see this http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...88#post7271688

and download  cco1569474's 123PatternsV6,his 123PatternsV6 is fine.

but, 123Alarms still no work for mt4 646.

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Thanks for all your chart postings dee50!!!

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
If you can not live with out the alert, then use the alert editor built into MT4, you can have as many instances as you wish. I have already covered this here.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...89#post6882589

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
Congrats that you can now see the 123s with the naked eye. The 123RH indi is useful when first learning the pattern, but it is a bit over reactive. The naked eye distinguishes the good 123s far more accurately than the indicator.

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
ES +12 +20 +24. Pull the Rabbit out of the Hat Entries. What looked like a straight forward enter and run turned into a scrappy Will We Wont We. First entry was a Pin Bar off S&R and TL but price came back and tested my resolve, this produced a good reversal bar so I loaded up another entry, thinking "aha this looks promising"  30 minutes later I was closing the trades as a failed bar higher was followed by a red. This pulled all the way back past my initial entries to form a 123 with a DBL Bottom at short term S&R followed by a Bearish Engulfing. I loaded another one up for a 123 TTE entry this one ran up formed a minor 123 to confirm and then went to TP, by now I was exhausted, this had been a much harder fight than normal for the ES so I just kissed my wife and rolled over and went to sleep, this time I had the headache. Check out the signals on the Stochs and TDI

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Waw....no wonder I feel Dizzy...... , if you are heading to sleep......then it's better for me to be heading to the Bar....

Lets see what the FOMOC have tonight to get the market drunk...

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
FOMC +82 +23. And they call us the "Dumb Money". Just look at the PA for 1 hour, we the retail traders do not have enough money to move price so all of that was the Big Money, the people who are supposed to know better than us. All you had to do was wait and read the minutes, that made it pretty obvious which way the Dollar was going, then wait for the Chicken Run to end and PA to confirm the way. It really is not that difficult!!

It is summer, we have temperatures of 30 degrees centigrade, I am spending time in my market garden tending my vegetables and bathing in the pool, so I will post if I have some thing of interest, other than that Have a good summer.

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
I have no problem loading the indicator and running on my demo accounts.  However, when I load it on My live accounts it causes the little circle to spin and it just hangs.  Any ideas?

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Hi@,

greetings from Germany. Love this thread.

Seems I`ve discovered my final trading strategy by using a mix of Dee50`s approach and PhAnti (link Dee50 posted somewhere here).

Having a fultime job besides trading I choose the daily and H4 TF. My first trade using these strats see below. Missed anything?

Have a very nice weekend and concerning football world championship: Germany will certainly win its 2. game too!

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
sorry....the screen:

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Hello,

interested in discussing NZDUSD Daily?

Divergence and weekly supply is enough confirmation for short trade?

Problem maybe its the 3. attack of weekly supply....too weak meanwhile?

I´ll try it, tight stopp above the supply, RR=1:3:blush:

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
EU +50. Pin Bar entry. No Brainer. Chart says it all. And the best of it, I have been out all day, my wife moved SL following my instructions. So all the responsibility but none of the work. Have a good one.

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
I would have checked the 4 hr first. The Stochs failed to complete the downward cycle twice indicating upwards momentum, also, there is an ascending TL. In principle your interpretation was correct but I would either have entered earlier on a pullback back up the Pin of the Pin Bar. Price will often pullback upto 50% of the Pin Bar providing an earlier entry, or I would have used the 4 hr chart which had a 123 formation, although I understand your work commitments may have hindered that entry

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
If you want to confirm if your thoughts are in the right direction try this.

Attached File(s)   DanskeTechnicalUpdate(8).pdf

63 KB
|
302 downloads

or one of these
http://www.jarrattdavis.com/category/todays-trade/
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
Thanks very much, Dee, for your quick and as always established and informative answer. Never thought, that a deeper TF maybe more important than the higher one.

But, as I traded the daily TF, my target is 1.3486 (instead of 1.3524). Hence, in this case, it equalizes the later entry, doesn`t it?

Yes you are right, work commitments have hindered that entry. Although I am not sure having entered at the pin bar. Especially the bar had not touched the above supply area. Hence for me the BEOP was the confirming pattern to jump into, must still learn to get more confidence.....

Its so amazing having an experienced trader here who is prepared to comment any chart posted by newbies!

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
As I am ambitious to learn, may I deepen the subject? I studied your last trade on eurusd today. There was a pinbar and Div(red arrow), followed by a strong bearish candle. Your entry was at the open of the following candle (green arrow). Why? It`s nearly the same situation as discussed before. Where is the difference, what do I miss?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
Saw this and took trade too, same reasoning but my micromanaging saw me exiting far, far too early despite setting a target for bottom of channel  My entries are getting better; just need to trust analysis for profit target. My last trade of the day with gold actually saw both targets hit - probably because I had to leave my desk for a few hours!! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
My apologies. I rushed to respond to you yesterday and did not look at your chart properly, if i had done so I would have told you that there was no divergence, also please check your Stochastic setting as per the attached chart, I noticed afterwards that your stochastics looked different to mine.

Divergence occurs at swing points on the Indicator, the exception is when you get an over sized bar due to news which can result in 2 consecutive divergences as per the attached chart.

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
What you missed was that I was still in bed at the close of the Pin Bar.  I trade 9.0am - 5.0pm CET more or less, usually, less.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
WOW!!. Belt, Braces and Suspenders on that chart, I bet you wear those little suspenders for you socks as well. Ignore me, you should have seen my charts when I first started, I think the only reason I made profits was because I could "not" see the price. Stick with what works for you.

Congrats on the trades, sound analysis and good execution.

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
I know - crazy eh? I just need plenty of confirmation to take a trade - or is it confusion?

Looking forward to cleaner charts one day.

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
Hi Dee

Thanks for the chart postings. I notice that you took a trade on the 1HR TF instead of dropping down to your 15M chart and the entry was much quicker on the 1HR TF.

I hope I read and understood your notes properly

I never thought you will ever get exhausted from trading and as for the headache, well that's from exhaustion...

Take care

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
"Some thing for the weekend Sir"? A little clarification on Divergence and Hidden Divergence hopefully this will help clarify things.

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
I drop down a TF to see if I can get a better entry with lower risk, in this instance because the Pin Bar had formed and closed an hour earlier I wanted to see the PA on the 15 min, a little more detail, to confirm if the entry on the 1hr was a reasonable risk or not.

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Hi Dee,

thanks for the hints. Would you please explain, why there is no div in the last up-move of prices, when price-field is set to close/close?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
By the time you see this post you will be saying, "Thanks, but I have read the PDF you put together at the weekend and I know the answer now"

But if you have not! here is a chart that shows various DIVERGENCES (hint).

Understanding Divergence is Important. Why? Because Divergence is one of the few "Leading Indicators" available to a Trader.

Here is a PDF from a Trader here on FF called "Jankone" he excelled in trading Pin Bars with Divergence albeit on a lower TF.
Attached File(s)   Jankone's charts.pdf

1.3 MB
|
502 downloads

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
I am convinced that many traders lose because they do not fully understand how to use the tools of their trade, they pick up a method or system and do not understand the component parts.

If you are going to trade Pin Bars as part of your PA trading Method, then you need to understand what makes a Good Pin Bar, because not all Pin Bars are equal (also referred to as Reversal bars). So adding to the Jankone Charts PDF in the last post here are 2 PDFs explaining Pin Bars.

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Profitable day but exit still needs a lot of work.

EU +7. Had +20 at one stage but when TDI crossed back up, exited.

EJ + 12. Again, had just over 20 pips; exited when price crossed back up.

Crude Oil: +40

EU and EJ exited a little too late and Crude Oil far too early. Still at least a positive day.

Any suggestions on improving my exits much appreciated. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Dear dee50

I saw a lot of pdf from diferent system ,Im sure no one can understand how you make profit

there is a lot off diference ,maybe you can add some typs entry point etc.. and why...

close trading day is easy to make startegy...

I think you are allone with thos sysem and make bucks..

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
thanks a lot. Will study all the stuff you gave us soon.

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=81002

Stoch divergence indicator on this thread if interested.

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
EU +23 Ongoing. 123 + TL Breakout Entry supported by Hidden Divergence off S&R & Rising TL & Btm of Rising Channel. 2nd Entry was a BPC. SL BE +5. See what happens. Possible Divergence forming at the moment but I am going to wait and see.

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
EU was a 20 pip trade right from the start, you should either not have taken the trade or you should have taken scalp profit at the rising TL which was also S&R and the 50% Retr. The EU had set up a Triangle you should have been looking for a Breakout or as I said, a scalp within the Triangle.

EJ you entered far too late as you already accepted . You had a small Pin Bar off Falling TL PA had been tracking the TL down. A 123 with the Pin Bar forming the 3 point. TDI and Stochs showing downward momentum, again EJ had formed a Triangle and the 123 was part of the Breakout.

If you zoom out you would see all of this clearly. There is no benefit to zooming into a chart, unless you need glasses, you only see part of the picture. look at the chart attached you can see much more when you keep it zoomed out.

As for getting better exits.

1. Plan your Trade. Map out what you think price will do and plan your exits accordingly. See chart.

2. Take Partial Profits, so if you have got it wrong you have at least banked some pips.

3. Move SL to B/E as soon as you can, this takes away the fear of losing which is the main cause of closing out a trade to soon, yes you can be taken out more often, but, you can always enter again. I do not have losses I have Break evens. I no longer kick myself for getting taken out of a trade because I know there will always be another one.

4. Pick your trades, This is part of number 1. You do not have to be in the market all the time to win. This requires patience and discipline.

EDIT. Forgot to add. I am not telling you off! On the contrary. Yesterday you made a very nice profit so do not let me or any one else put you down. You had no losses you exited before that could happen. Well done.

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
The first two days of this week have been good , since I have been away..enjoying a busy summer.

Nice consolidation breakout setup on eaud H1 in agreement with TDI and 123.

In fact I couldn't wait it up, I set pending orders which was filled as I expected, and hit set targets .

The other trade from Monday's Asia session on ej h1, multiple 123s and TDI setup.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Thank you very much Dee. Your time and genuine support is greatly appreciated. Any profit I've been making recently have been mainly down to learning from you.

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Well said Dee...........

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
EU +23 +12. EU +26. DBE Entry using the news for momentum (go on work it out)

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
EU +45 GDP News. I entered once price had got down to 1.3600 which was an hour before news and TP was at 1.3650. just kept it simple and realistic. This was only GDP, normally good for about 30 - 50 pips no more.

UJ +25 GDP News. Exactly the same thing, but I have closed this out before the BRN @101.50 because the Big Boys are starting to Buy back in.

I am done. 70 pips is enough, I do not care if the market moves another 100 pips (highly unlikely).

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Brilliant trades as usual Dee. I'd just like to ask you about your EU trade though: What gave you the confidence to go long at 1.3600. Yes, we were in a rising channel but news was coming and green below red on the H1. Price barely made 1.65 before turning round again. Was it just on the strength of the channel and BRN?

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
EU +26 +50. 123. EJ +36 +64 123. Straight forward 123 entries. Absolute No Brainers today. 4Hr chart confirmed the entries.

EU. If you missed the 1st entry there was a 123 and then a BPC at the trend line then another 123.

EJ gave you another bite with a second 123.

News was as expected so nothing to halt the Euro drop.

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Nothing clever. All the experts were forecasting GDP of -2.9% so really it was already priced in which is why I did not expect a big move and why I was confident that an entry at 1.3600 would yield a profit. I was ready to exit if price went below 1.3600, so I was only risking 7 pips. TDI MBL was tracking the 50 line and Stochs had turned at the 50 so nothing indicated any down ward momentum, so the only thing that was going to give some direction was the news. The big boys would have pushed it up to the BRN anyway to collect some stops.

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
Dee, you're my idol!

I hope that garden go as well as the trading. (My tomato plants already have many flowers)

Thank you very much for sharing

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
EU +51 123 Entry. 4Hr & 1hr 123 @ S&R. Taken all day, most of the move up in the last hour, so the temptation to micro manage and close the trade earlier for considerably less pips was quite strong, fortunately I was distracted by my neighbours wife sun bathing naked, all right, all right I know my nearest neighbour is 600 meters away but thank god for Bushnell binoculars

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Couple of trades for me last night and this morning in NY.

EA h1 came close to my 22 pip sl, my entry was a bit too early, based on H4

lower channel trendline, H1 tdi yellow mbl trending upwards, 123s, and consolidation.

EU, trading with h1 trend, 123s,  close above PWH.

I'll be out for the rest of the summer.  Good luck to you all, and enjoy the summer.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
AU +40. 123 entry. Perfect 123. breakout @BRN then the pullback to short term S&R then the continuation past the BRN. This was the only pair with a clean setup. The EJ also had a 123 formed just below a BRN, but with the EU flat I left this one alone. TP was up at the 200% & S&R but price showed no inclination to go up there at the moment, being the AU it will do it in the early hours (asian session), I am a day trader so I have closed manually, 40 is enough.

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
EU NFP. ongoing B/E +35. Will we go lower?

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
EU NFP +55 +B/E +35. I have taken some contracts off at +55, because of the 4th July holiday I am not sure that it will go any lower than the BRN today. WOW! WTF. I am using the MT4 trailing stop and price in theory should have stopped me out, but the trailing stop just set itself back to B/E +22, what sort of a Trailing Stop is that?

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
EJ +28 +56 123 TTE Entry. 2 days to hit TP.

ES +64. Dbl Top + Div. 2 days to hit TP.  Both of these trades were taken on the 4Hr chart. When it comes to watching paint dry I would much rather sit outside and watch it dry on a wall I have just painted than sit inside watching it dry on a chart, so I have moved up to the 4hr chart and am swing trading, in other words I am letting my trades run until they hit my TP, in this instance it took 2 days to achieve what would ordinarily take 1. This is summer trading at its best!!!

This is my last post for the summer, my wife and I are going to sail, leisurely, round the coast of Portugal up to the North West of Spain, Galicia. See you sometime September.

Have a nice summer

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Good job! Nice holiday and all the best for you!

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Rest of the worrier ..... , Enjoy your time Dee

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
hi everyone

i'm kindda new at trading and have been getting some results using this system(it's a great system)

i have one question, is anyone using the "123Alarms.mq4" found on this thread "http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...58#post5199458"

i try attaching to my charts but then my mt5 platform freezes and i have to "Ctrl+Alt+Delete" and kill the terminal

am i maybe copying it into the wrong folder (ie it should be in the "Experts Advisers" instead of the "Indicator" folder where it is)

anyone with any advise on how to fix this please help

thanks

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
K.I.S.S. EU +30 4Hr 123. EJ +35 DBL TOP +Div. It does not get any easier.

This is what I love about being a Trader, here I am on the High Sea and I can still make money to pay for this very expensive holiday.

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
A couple more for luck. EU +30. EJ +25. I had a Pending order on EU which the News Spike filled, lucky! EJ I entered short earlier on a pullback to the BRN, SL just above BRN only a couple of pips, so if the news went against me I would not have lost much.

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
Good way to go Dee, you deserve your journey and your earning ...

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
UC. +23 +30. Divergence out of OS at S&R with news to give it some momentum.

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
Hi Dee50I happen to come across this thread by accident but found your post to be very educational. I typically trade Ichimoku but wanted to give what i learned from your posts a try. Hope you dont mind looking over the trade i did today. The attached chart is of a trade i took this morning. Its on GBP/JPY 15min to the short side. I drew yellow lines of the divergence i saw with the candles and Stoch. The second trade (a buy) was one i did not enter but wanted to see if i was reading the chart right. I have read over all the PDF's you have posted but reading and then applying are two different things. I hope to post more charts as i learn this method.  You can ignore the OBV and the colored boxes on the chart. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Have a look at this.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have marked up your chart. Your Divergences are "not" divergences, however you would have been right to take the long as it was supported by divergence.

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Dee50, thank you for taking the time to give feedback. I will go back and restudy divergence again and if you dont mind i will post some more charts each day on trades i take using it. Please bear with me as i am sure a few charts will be obviously wrong. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Joe Dinapoli's said: "Don't use an Oscillator to price divergence as an entry technique, unless you have an excellent means of filtering it. Even for the best of Oscillators this can, and often does, spell disaster, particularly for the new participant. Price and Oscillator divergences abound, and the market continues to stop out the divergence players. Looking back in time, you're sure to find divergences that work, but when you're going forward in time, as in real trading, the accuracy of this technique just isn't there."

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
So are you saying, or rather Mr Dinapoli, that what I have been doing for the last 10 years is actually misguided? and that all the divergences I have ever traded have only been successful due to other circumstances?

I appear to have been extremely lucky

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Sorry, I did not know such Dinapoli, but ... what do you think/say/know?

Clearly and sayed not enough to find the divergences, as discussed in several occasions dee50: IS NOT EASY and years of experience are needed. Nobody in their right mind would think that with ONLY divergences, going to become a Master as dee50, that is absurd and laziness. I think divergences can be a useful TOOL.

Only my view

Regards

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
No offense. Just a small caution to all the biginners. That's it.

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
No offence taken.

I actually agree with the first sentence of Mr Dinapoli's statement "Don't use an Oscillator to price divergence as an entry technique, unless you have an excellent means of filtering it." The rest of the statement is unqualified, unproven hogwash designed to frighten rather than inform, which is a habit of many of the trading Demi Gods!

For those of you who would like to know more about Mr Dinapoli here is a link to a gentleman by the name of Sive Morton who has provided an analysis using Mr Dinapoli's method, for some years.

http://www.forexpeacearmy.com/forex-...rten-analysis/

If you scroll down to one of the Daily Analysis videos you will see the Dinapoli method explained.

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
EJ +55. Pin Bar entry @ S&R BRN. 2 charts today. 1hr & 4hr, I took the entry on the 15m chart after the fakey down which gave me an earlier entry. Divergence on the 4 hr chart and a 1 hr Pin Bar @ the BRN convinced me.

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Hi Dee50 - Good entry. When i was looking over your charts you always seem to nail the entry for lowest low or highest high when you place the order. Do you start at 4hr and then work your way down on time for entry? I dont have any charts to share today, i am only trading G/J and did not seen any entries on the 15 min.

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
Nice catch Dee, I see new indicators on your chart....

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
My main trading TF is the 1Hr I check the TF either side (4hr & 15m) before taking a trade.

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Just trying out a couple.

ADR.  Attached File(s)   xADR_0.2renko.mq4

4 KB
|
498 downloads

Daily Candle.  Attached File(s)   AnyCandle.mq4

15 KB
|
497 downloads

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
Hi Dee50,i have been study this tread some time,and learn so much,thank you very much ,becasue english is no my Mother tongue

so it take my some time  to undersand you trading skill,it is amazing,and  have some question,hope your could explain than,so and i

can undersand your thought behind this chart

1，EU,from 8 may  to 30 may,you always trading short,in this time eu have bouce and have too much divergece，some of  them is mutiple

timeframe divergece,and i think it is reliable，but you  ignore that until 30 may,can you expalain the reason why you don't buy in this time

2，from the chart you posted,i see you use the divergece a lot,you sell and shot on S&R,usualy divergece+123,i try to duplicate it,and meet

some problems,i think becasue my S&R is no reliable,so can you give some advice on  the S&R,i already stuty the article you recommand,but

i think in you mind,may have some Priority in the SR,may be hi&low of  hour/day/week/,or may be hi&low hour/day/week+fibo or something

elso

i know trading is art,and i try to get some clue,thanks for reading my post with google tranlate,it is killing me.....

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
The attached 1Hr chart hopefully makes it obvious why I took only short trades. The 2nd 15m chart shows why I went long on the 30th May. That should be obvious also. Here is the post that went with it.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...40#post7503040

My working day is 9.00 till 5.00, so if a divergence forms at 2.00am I will be in bed asleep. The problem with looking at charts is that they are 24hr, we on the other hand are not, so when back testing you should "always" keep this in mind. Try to look at the market in your time frame this way you will have a more realistic expectation of what you can achieve.

I tried to explain my method of drawing S&R lines here. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...27#post7457327

All I can add to that is, I look at the open/close of the candles more than I do the High/Low. The best way to see this is to look at one of my charts, make a note of the Price at which I have drawn a level, put it on one of your charts and then follow it left noting where Price makes contact with the Level, also look at a HTF & LTF, Repeat for other levels until you get the idea, after that it is only time until your eyes see the levels easily.

Hope it helps.

PS. I am still on Holiday so forgive me if I do not reply promptly.

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
Thanks dee50,your Explanation is clear,and i will try to figure out how to dry S&R more Efficiency，just one more

question,about the channel,in which way your draw the channel,PHX62 draw the channel with Scott Barkley method

but only in 4hour,it same like your method like that,but you draw the channel in 15m,1hour and 4hour,am i right?

I hope you have a happy holiday

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
I draw the channel in 4 hr and mainly 1hr

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
GJ +40 +80. 4hr 123

EU +20 +34. Breakout of short term S&R & 4 hr 123

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
EU -6. Got stopped out on my last attempt, that will teach me to get cocky. Occasionally the market will remind me that I am not always right. Lesson learned.

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
nice trading during NFP , you still a great trader

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
thanks Dee50,i will continue study this thread,hope some day I can get the the pips like you,hehe

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
EU +20 +43. 4hr 123 with 1hr TTE entry. News provided the momentum to hit my TP.

Check out my next post!

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Danske Technical Update. Are you "really" making the most of the info that these Pro Analysts are providing or are you just interested in the Buy Sell signals that they show on the left of the Update? If the latter, "WHY". There is a lot of useful info on their Update, I have marked some areas of particular interest, I have also transcribed the info onto a Daily chart to give a pictorial representation of the info. Why are their Support and Resistance levels marked in different colours? Can you see? What is it that the Pro is seeing? you can not tell just by looking at their Technical update!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

DAILY CHART
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just trying to help

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Hello,Dee!

Nice trading. How can I get the swing measuring indi and what is its name? I mean the one that show the pips number.

THX in advance, will keep looking this thread!

L

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...09#post7126009

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Thanks Dee50,

My GBPUSD  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
Thank You very much, sir!

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
Good day and thank you for the great thread Dee50,

i have asked one question in the "High Impact News System" thread but nobody answered me. The question was about your way of trading news using "sentiment".

Please, could you answer here

"some of you guys using word "sentiment" as a filter in news trading. Please can you explain what is sentiment and how do you use it as a filter in news trading. Is sentiment=news forecast or it's a major trend of a currency pair? And where do you look sentiment?"

Quoting Ken A

{quote} Yes, at the least you will need to have plan what the data release will be to go into the direction of the general sentiment not go against it.
Quoting dee50

Interesting approach. I have been trading news for 10 years and have never noticed the candles 2 min before, thanks for that. I use "Sentiment" as a filter.

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
EU. ECB Int Rate + Draghi Conference. +25 +10 +10. First entry was a "sentiment Entry" prior to the announcement, no change expected in Int Rate = Euro Negative, but the market did not react so I left it running until the Draghi conference this took price down to my TP for +25. next 2 trades were scalps following comments, using the momentum created by buyers coming in looking for the stops at 1.3390 and the prior sellers getting out. News Conferences are notoriously difficult to trade and are best left alone unless you understand the effects that the rhetoric create in the market. Trade the news conferences after the event not during.

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
I do not have the time to explain News Sentiment today, it is not a simple thing to explain, so I will try and find something that will explain it to you. News Sentiment is not the same thing as Trader Sentiment, Market Sentiment etc those things can be measured by Moving Averages, the VIX, Traders Sentiment Index an example of which can be found here on the Homepage of FF. I will try and explain, but just not today, sorry.

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
EU. ECB continuation trade. +20. +ongoing. I took another quick trade for 20 pips and have one still running with SL at B/E +5 Stochs and TDI are both at OS so I may close this manually if it does not get down to my TP in the next 30 mins. I try to make the most of momentum, we do not have it very often these days, so when the ECB cash cow comes along I like to milk it for all its worth. Yes the 1hr Stochs and TDI are at OS as well, so may be time to call it a day.

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Perfect example of Broker manipulation. EU broker spread normally 1.7 pips, took out my SL 5 pips away. I went on deck for a ciggie and when I came back I just saw my SL disappear. See how my SL is hanging in mid air, Looks like the broker said "he has had enough money from us, lets take him out". This shit has never happened to me on Futures Trading.

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
The little barstewards.

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
honestly I've seen no one dare to trade Dragi's show,  still you had a nice trade for today, if your broker had 10 traders like you , I bet that he is going to be out of business in no time....

brilliant as usual Dee ......

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
Thank you for the reply.

I am not in a hurry about this information...just trying to understand news trading.

I tried to find some information in the web but was only confused.

Any way will follow the thread and studying your trading.

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Trading the News with Sentiment. Start with these 2 links, have a look through these 2 sites you should get an idea of what is involved in analysing the news to provide you with the Sentiment for each announcement.

This is at least a starting point.

When I have found something more I will post it for you, the difficulty is, that determining Sentiment is highly subjective and depends on the level of experience of the analyst. Kathy and Boris have been doing this for some time and even have an Asset Management division based around News Trading so it is fair to say that they have developed a fairly reliable model on which to base their assessments.

Hope it helps, for now.
Day Trading News | Forex Trading Room - Learn From and Chat With Real Traders | BK Forex

BK Asset Management | Kathy Lien, Boris Schlossberg, Managed Forex, Forex News

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
EU +20 +2, EU +30. A relaxing day today, I did not look at another pair, although there are several pairs in the berths either side of us that certainly warrant closer examination the sun is out the bikinis are out and it is holiday time, I may be old but that does not mean that I can not indulge, in a great deal of wishfull thinking.

1st trade hit first TP but then my SL got hit for B/E+2. Re-entered on break of triangle to complete the move to S&R Channel top which was my original target for the first trade. Nothing complicated.

Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
Thank you, it helps for now, i will check it.

Have a good weekend too.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Enjoy the Beach, Have a nice week end Dee.....

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
EU so far. +50.  & News +30. First trade a "Hope this will go up Trade" off strong support level news took price upto TP. 2nd trade was Retail sales. Had a limit order that was slipped a few pips so I ended up a bit higher than I would have liked but the Euro was looking for an excuse and did not disappoint, first Tp hit for +30. SL at B/E +15 just below the BRN 1.3400, see if it holds.

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Update news trade. Closed manually for +20 before my SL would have been hit. Logically, my 2nd TP was only 10 pips away from my 1st TP, my SL was 16pips below my 1st TP, seemed silly to give back 16 pips and anyway a look down the Barmaids Blouse on the 5m Stochs said time to leave.

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
meant to post this earlier, IMM Trader Positioning from the analysts at Danske Bank. Based on the COT report so it should be updated tomorrow morning, but for now here is last weeks.

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Lesson Learned : Stay away from the Blouse and stick to the Skirt ....

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
EU +32 +54. Absolute exact same trade as yesterday, except today I have marked up the chart and I set a more realistic TP based on the channel top that was clearly acting as resistance which I failed to pick up on yesterday. Entry was classic Trendline Bounce with strong Divergence at a BRN, it really does not get more straight forward than this. What you have to try to avoid is getting sucked into what everyone else is saying and just be guided by what PA is telling you, for example at the moment the world and his dog is saying go short but the HTFs are showing a 4hr Range and Daily consolidation so what is wrong with going long under these conditions you are hardly trading Counter Trend! and by the size of some of these Bull candles the Big Boys agree with me, or vice versa.

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
EU +31 +21 +23. Triangle Trading. 1st trade placed Fri evening, 2nd trade Sunday evening & 3rd trade this morning, TP finally hit this afternoon. I could have looked at 20 pairs to see if any thing better had set up, but I am basically lazy, the EU triangle was a sure thing, slow slow slow slow, but sure, so why stress by looking for trouble else where, the top and bottom were clearly identified so I knew exactly where price was going to go.

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
You always killing the market Dee

Thanks for all your chart postings, trying to read and learn from them...

Just a quick question, is the settings in the TDI indi standard, or do I need to adjust the settings if I'm trading the 4H TF?

Thanks for all your help.

Take care..

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
You need to ask this question on the TMS thread, they are actively trading the 4hr TF and would be able to give you a better answer, I have no experience of TDI trading on the 4hr TF. Just the thought of it gives me the shivers and makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up.

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
EU +27 + ongoing SL @ B/E +5. News CPI. Also quick scalp on UC +10 UJ +10, scalped the spike am not posting charts for these 2.

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
This is what I am seeing at the moment. Do I close now or hold on and see if price makes it down to the Major S&R level @1.3295. Problem is it is currently stuck at this intermediate S&R level which is also the channel Bottom. Divergence has formed, but not what I consider strong divergence. For price to get down to the BRN would give us a session range of 55 pips, based on the last few days that is possible, but we have no more News to push it down. So as usual in trading we have a number of competing factors.

What would you do?

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
I would say take what is left on the table and run........

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
EU + 27 +30. I agree, and I think your reason for stating that, is that the TDI is at a support level and that when scrolling back each time the TDI has come to this support level price has bounced back up combined with a longer period Divergence, and, that both the Stochs and the TDI on the 4hr and Daily charts are well into the OS level. Before you tell me, I am aware that once the oscillators are in OS zone price can continue down for some time, but Stochs has been OS for most of the day so it is likely that there will be a pullback, so if I move my SL down i would likely be taken out for +15 but if I close now I get +30 if I hold on to the trade and it does not retrace, I would get +39.

So if I close now I get +30, If I hold on I might get +39 but if my SL gets hit I get +15 a difference of 15 pips loss against a potential gain of 9pips.

Is that what you are saying?

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
I can see that your magic ball is not only reading the market, but also reading my mind........ , actually you have explained it in a better way than I can  do.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Yellen EU +21 +44. What was she going to say that was any different to the FOMC minutes?? as it turned out, Nothing!! Only one direction for the EU under those circumstances, just waited for the spike to reverse on the 1 minute then entered in the area for a 1hr 123, took 1st TP at S&R, price did bounce here as expected, my 2nd TP was down at the BRN 1.3200 but I closed this manually just below the Daily 61.8% Fib Retr, the 1hr candle did close back above this level. how did I know? I did not, just had a feeling, I have always said I am a discretionary trader, I could just as easily have been wrong, like the other day I ended up letting you all keep your pips, but I will get you another time, some one has to pay to maintain my life style.

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
Inserted Video

Have a nice weekend Dee.......

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
and I thought I was old!

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
For those of you PM ing me for templates.

Attached File(s)   dee1hr.tpl

468 KB
|
649 downloads

Install these in your "indicator" folder
Attached File(s)   P4L CandleTime.ex4

7 KB
|
571 downloads

Attached File(s)   Grid_v2.ex4

7 KB
|
605 downloads

Attached File(s)   Auto_Sessions_v_1.7.ex4

9 KB
|
651 downloads

Attached File(s)   TDI_RT.ex4

5 KB
|
599 downloads

I use the Fibonacci Channel tool to manually input channels. It is standard with MT4. Set the "Auto sessions" to your time zone and your trading time, I have it set to my personal time.

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
Thanks dee !

Keep it up.

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Dee, can you explain ow do you draw fibo TL and S&R please ?

Many thanks.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Hi Dee

Have you left Ninja Trader and using MT4 instead, am asking because I am thinking about shifting towards Ninja Trader but cant find my indicators

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
If you want me to spend "my time" helping you, then please do me the courtesy of reading the thread, I have already  answered these questions.

S&R Lines.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...27#post7457327
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...83#post7488783
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...24#post7520624

Also, a little trick is to use a line chart to draw your initial S&R lines, can even be used to draw the channels.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Use these settings for the Fibo channel. Then just practice drawing the channels on previous charts, you will see if you are right or wrong quite quickly.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If after you have tried this you are still struggling, then ask.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
My main trading account is still with NT and Futures, I just opened a small account with MT4 so that the charts I posted made more sense to the traders here on FF. If you do decide to go over to NT I will post the indis for you.

I have posted this link before, it is to a forum where the vast majority of traders use NT and where I get all of my NT indis from.
Big Mike's Trading Forum

I have noticed that there are a few more NT traders here on FF, perhaps it is time to start a thread for those traders or at least a thread asking who does trade using NT to see if it would be worth while opening an NT users thread.

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
Thanks Dee, I went there on the forum on your previous recommendation searching for those indicators, but I felt lost, thanks again, I have been using Ninja Trader for almost a year now, and I am willing to take the plunge and buy this power platform

I think its a good idea to open a supplement thread to this for those trading Ninja Trader, I use it because its much easier for Fibonacci tools, retracements , extension and projections in different colors which suit the way I trade, I use harmonic all the time, actually its my main thing beside TMS

If you dont mind sharing which ever indis that can allow me to shift to ninja trader, ie TDI, LO - NYO session high low, Asian High low, Yesterday high low these are the main indis am looking for, the rest can be added later , I really appreciate all the help from you , thanks

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
TDI.   https://www.bigmiketrading.com/local...lter=t&pp=1000

I do not use the next lot, but were easy to find.

Yesterday HI - LO. Standard NT Indi. look in "Indicators" or try the next one.

LO - NY Session, Asian Session HI - LO    https://www.bigmiketrading.com/downl...-download.html

I no longer bother with Heiken Ashi I personally see no benefit, but there is a standard NT Indi in "Indicators" or there is this one.   https://www.bigmiketrading.com/downl...load.html?view

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
Thanks Dee, now I can start the testing again and come up with a template, I have one with just normal canldes which I like more than APB candles, on Ninja Trader its more relaxing using Jap candles rather than ABP canles

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
The Danske Pros have gone long @1.0900 UC when IMM Positioning shows every one piling in short, I can not work out their logic on this one. Can anyone enlighten me??
Attached File(s)   DanskeTechnicalUpdate.pdf

63 KB
|
441 downloads

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Dahhh.... if you need enlightening  .......then I got to have the biggest bottle that I can have......

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
One or the other!! Is this an omen? look on the right hand side of the bottle, a trading signal to go long but which pair

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Well I don't mind have them both..... you know it's for the sake of research and Drink........

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
eu +45 +47. couple of Reversal bar entries with good divergence at major S&R and Trend line. 4 Boxes Ticked = an entry. TP was next S&R and BRN but Divergence formed at the S&R so I closed 2nd entry manually. Also had a UJ short trying to use news momentum but that went no where so I closed for +2.

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
friday EU +30 +45. Take your pick entry. This trade finished so late, I ended up closing the 2nd part manually. There were so many reasons to take this trade, I have marked as many as I can on the chart. If you missed the first entry you had 2 bites of 123s on the 15min followed by a 123 on the 1hr followed by a Range Breakout.

So if you did not take it, why not?? How much more confirmation or how many opportunities for entries do you need!!!

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Hello Dee, I downloaded your template to see if I could learn a thing or two from your trades which I've always admired, I opened an Ironfx demo so that I could see exactly what you see.  I put the template on and found a lot of your trades don't match up to your posts (the arrows etc are still on the template) and just wondering how that could happen?  This is what I mean, this one I noticed from this post with the image of EU: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...75#post7621775 whereas when I put the template on, if you hover over the arrow it gives the actual price it went in at and these are images of the entry arrow, trendline and close arrow, hovered over.

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
You will have to ask a Techy person. I do appear to have a problem that I was not aware of but it is no biggy as long as the terminal and statements show the right numbers, I am not at all bothered but thanks for bringing it to my attention. I checked my last trades and found the same thing. Hover the pointer over the arrow and it says I went short @ 1.31738,  the terminal reveals what actually happened, that's good enough for me! Fortunately Spot Forex is not my main trading account, but to be fair, I think this is more to do with the very old laptop I have been using rather than MT4 or the broker it has not been able to cope, with lots of freezes and crashes particularly with MT4 since they changed things.

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
Yes its really odd, Ive never seen it happen before, perhaps have a word with Ironfx and ask them why its doing it.

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
NFP week so any trades before hand are likely to be optimistic, this one is no different.

Backed up by some good solid signal confirmations, but still, I am wishing that I had not added a second lot when I did, price has hung around at the 3110-3115 level for a while now.

If price does pull back too much I could close both lots and at least have a Breakeven day or I could just close now and call it a day with a small profit, or option 3 is let it turn into a swing trade.

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
Danske Trades and Tech levels & IMM Positioning report

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
What a Dick Head. If you had looked at this chart yesterday, would you have gone short? I did, why? Because I allowed myself to be sucked into the market hype instead of taking note of what the charts were telling me.

Optimistic, I thought,  Brain dead Hype Zombie is what I was. Fortunately I got out clean but more from luck than good judgement.

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Waw.... so with all of your experience you still think that it's better to listen to the chart instead of any news or analyses ? right ?

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Yes and No. Technical Analysis is often right and often wrong. Some News moves the market and other news does not. Sometimes the market moves with Sentiment and some times it does the opposite. The one thing you can be sure of is that if you wait the chart will show you which way the market is going to go. (Note to me)

Best way I can answer is to show you what I ignored and what I got wrong.

My biggest mistake was that I completely missed off the Major S&R level at 1.3115, I mark up a separate Daily chart with nothing on it and then copy the levels onto my 1Hr charts, some how I missed this level, carelessness, sloppiness what ever you want to call it. If I had seen this I would not have taken the first entry. I also missed that price had reached the 200% Exp of the Daily 123 that started 16 july, and that the 3rd leg down of the last 3 was much smaller than the previous 2 indicating a change in momentum and possibly direction. The SMI was deeply OS.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The real crime occurred on the 2nd entry. The 2nd entry was a complete and utter cock up, a 5yr old with only 1 day of instruction would not have taken that one! Take a look at these charts they show every thing

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
ECB today NFP tomorrow. Have you prepared your strategy? Need a little guidance.

They talked about this on the 28/08/14
Attached File(s)   FXStrategy_EUR_270814.pdf

753 KB
|
635 downloads

They have not changed their minds today
Attached File(s)   DanskeDaily.pdf

320 KB
|
362 downloads

Check out how they moved their EU stop loss to B/E +21 to protect the profit.
Attached File(s)   DanskeTechnicalUpdate (21).pdf

67 KB
|
368 downloads

You are not alone, although it often seems like you are talking to yourself.

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
Draghi Does It Again. EU +71 +126 I entered an hour before the announcement as price broke thru the bottom of the triangle. I was prepared to risk a 15 pip SL against Draghi because of this, the expectation of a 10bps cut and a Dovish Draghi, along with all the bad news coming out of the euro zone there was only one way, Down. Danske's statement was a bit ambiguous but none the less confirmed what I was thinking.
Attached Image

Rather strangely the published expectation was for No Change, Go figure
Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
"Blah Blah, Blah Blah"

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
Great Dee, I wish I could understand the market sentiment regarding news before the storm , but trying to start, I am reading Wall Street Journal but still don't know how to interrupt news information and get some pieces before the release

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
Hi Dee50,

Could u help to show where u download http://assets.forexfactory.net/images/attach/pdf.gif FXStrategy_EUR_270814.pdf   ? since I go to this website http://www-2.danskebank.com/danskeresearch only find dansekdailyupdate and technical update but could not find FXstrategy ?

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Take it easy on your self Dee.... you are still among the best traders who can kick the market in the **s.

as you said waiting for the chart to show you the way is the most important thing and most of traders including me won't wait till that time and that's were losses come.

Green pips to you .

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Thanks for the vote of confidence, but I have to be hard on myself because there is no one else to kick me up the **s. It is when I get soft with myself that I make stupid mistakes. Every trade I make, win or lose gets analysed at the end of every day, I mark up the chart, highlite what I missed what I did not see, then the chart is saved and is placed in 1 of 2 folders. 1 folder is for the good charts where I did not miss any thing, that folder is quite small, folder no2 contains the charts where I missed stuff, this one is quite large  it is this folder that I go thru on a daily basis reminding myself what I did not see and in the process re-training my eyes to see these things without having to think about it!

This is the time that traders refer to as "Screen Time" not the hours spent watching the charts waiting for a trade.

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Sorry I can not help you there. Danske, like many other Pro information sites release only a small proportion of the information they have, for free, and then randomly. I check their site daily and see if there is any thing new available the above mentioned report I found under "Forecasts". I do not know what their criteria is for "Registering" to gain full access, I suspect it will be a bit more than providing an e-mail address.

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Sorry for taking so long to respond to you, had to attend a funeral later on Friday morning.

I wish I could tell you that there is an easy way to interpret News prior to the announcement, but there is not. It is a bit like doing a Jigsaw, except some of the key pieces have been hidden and you have to find them first before being able to proceed.

I am going to give some thought to this and see if I can organise the process I go through, enough so that I can write it down.

In the mean time things like this report contribute to the process and are easily available.
Attached File(s)   WeeklyFocus.pdf

930 KB
|
366 downloads

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
It seems that this is a common thing between you and Phx62, now I'm totally convinced that documenting trades and reviewing them is important for any successful trader.

Thanks for the tip Dee, I'll keep that in mind and try to apply it as much as I can......

Have a nice week end.

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Thanks Dee and sorry to hear that

I hope everything fine , and wish that you could do something that can shed some light on how to get some information before major releases that can helps us take action and help us know where the pair most likely heading

We are lucky to have you here with us, I cant ask for more

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Hi,

I'am not sure, if OT is still around here and if there's still development of the 123PatternsV7 indicator? ... I like the indicator a lot, but there seems to be a bug in the beta version ... when I turn off the volume filter the indicator doesn't seem to refresh properly ... I would be very grateful if someone could give me a hint how that can be fixed

TIA

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
EU 15m 123 ongoing. UJ swing trade ongoing B/E +95. EU +108 swing trade. GU +260 swing trade. Todays EU trade 15m 123 plus Div off S&R & BRN & trend line. GU trade went on for a day longer, yesterday price hit my TP but did not fill, it took until this morning to come back down and fill.

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
Great trades as usual , You are a walking ATM machine man !..........

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
That explains a great deal. Now I understand why people keep stuffing their cash cards into my mouth, I do not mind the women fumbling around for the key pad,  but I am not so comfortable with the blokes!

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Update on 2 trades. EU +50. UJ +155. UJ ran to TP in the early hours (asian session). EU I closed manually when a reversal Bar formed off a rising Trend Line at a BRN.

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
UJ +23 short. +10 Long. Points Make Prizes!! A couple of quickies on my Futures account, much better for scalping, no spread and virtually no slippage. The only thing is, the trade markers on NT are diabolical. OH. 6J is the futures I.D. for UJ except it is upside down, in futures it is JU, go figure

That is me done for the week, have fun.

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
First part answered here. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...63#post7522763

Second Part. You need to post this query on "Platform Tech" thread and see if one of the coders will have a look at the code for you because there are no coders here.

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Many thanks for your info and help.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Danske Bank Reports. Trade Updates, IMM Positioning, Monthly Forecast Update and Daily report.

You never know when they might be right!

Enjoy.

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
UC ongoing, nearly there. 2 trades B/E +44 & B/E +22. TP is Channel Bottom confluence with BRN & Shrt term S&R

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
UPDATE UC +100 +78.

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Looking around the threads here on FF I have not seen any one mention a trade based on the GAP FILL on GU, I did not take the trade, I was already committed financially, but surely one of you must have taken this if only for the 123 Entry which signalled the start of the move. For the TMS traders there was an excellent TDI entry. The obvious TP was the Gap Fill but you could have used any of the BRNs for +50 or +100, Previous day High for +72, Trailing stop for +35.

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Last one. Hope you all had a good FOMC.

Good luck with your trading careers. Adios

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Ah Dee. Sad to see you go. Your posts have been illuminating and amazing. You've also shown how news trading can be very profitable, contrary to many commonly held views. Thank you for your numerous input - have learned lots.

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Amazing trades by dee. lot of screen time, patience, smartness to get there. H1 trading i will try

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Saw a possible 1-2-3 forming on EJ at top of channel. Let's see where this goes today.
Attached Image

Well, that didn't work out very well. In hindsight I should not have taken the trade as the TDI was at the 50 level, still at an identified support zone and a very strong move up from yesterday. I think I got the 1-2-3 pattern upside down!

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Yep. Deffinitely got the 1-2-3 direction wrong. This set up looks more promising. Stochs also in agreement.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
Does anyone have 123PatternsV6 indicator with alerts.

123AlarmsV6 indicator gives signals at each sample, but I need to alert appears only on the arrow.

Sorry for my English, used google translate.

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
Hey dee50 what has happened to you?

You are all over the board but not here any more.

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
Hello Rob did pattern v 7 eventually worked out if it does please i want you to help me by sending me the original working one the ones i downloaded here did not work the template did show up but did not display the blue and red reversal candles just like in your screenshot here .When i placed the beta version ongu 5 minutes it displayed the eu instead, i know its been years back but i guess you will have this one in your chart with you and it will comply with the new meta build .Please help.

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
Hi there

Mact4 what is the indicator that plot that small number over the rectangle, is it number of bar counter for a pattern. Can you please share your indicators and template.

Does any one aware of an indicator that count the bars with options ; 1-from a certain previous bar or 2- previous trend reversal or 3- previous swing, till a recent bar and plot it over each swing for that time frame

for example it could plot the number of bars on the top of every swing of zig or zag in an zigzag indicator.

I found this http://forum.mql4.com/62607 since i am not a programmer i did not understand their language and i did not know how to pull the parts together to come up with that indicator

please help

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
hello....... any one is there is this thread is live ?

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
No. The main person keeping this thread alive is Dee50. He is now active on another thread : More Simple Is Possible.

However, the principles in this thread are valid and well worth mastering

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
thanking you for your kind reply. can you please show me the new thread name... i read all this pages really it is very good

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
I could but you know you van do it yourself, right?

click on Dee50's name on any of his posts. This will bring you to his profile page. On the left, you will see his posts, from the post recent. Just follow the links.

By the way, some one has compiled his posts into a pdf. Just click on the paperclip at the top of the page.

Just a heads up: Renko uses offline charts. It can be confusing but just follow the setup instructions: Drammen has the setup details as his signature on all his posts!

if this is your first time be patient and read through the thread; any questions you may have are likely already answered pervious ly on that thread.

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Hi Rob,

Sorry if i quoted a post years back, if only given 2 filtering, i would rather filter this way in terms of direction and timing:

1. if signal shows long, only open long when price above session open and withing first half of the session.

2. if signal shows short, only open short when price below session open and within first half of the session.

look forward to such EA if available.

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
i found the page thank u

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Hi, is any coder willing to add an candle close above/above the point 2 established in the 123PatternsV6.mq4?

and request to have option to select only bull or bear. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
Hi,mact4,i've been looking for the PDF which including all the DEE50's post,can you show me the link,thank you very much

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Sorry been away so didn't see your post till today.

Check this out :

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...13860&page=212. Post 4235.

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Great! thanks lot mact4

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
I downloaded all 123patterns indicators...since there is no consistency in naming latest version I have no clue which one is latest: many of them freeze MT4 and some doesn't show anything...

Which version of 123patterns indicator is gratest and latest, working?

Thnak you

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Nice!, did you draw those arrows yourself?

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
123 pattern is the most simple and great pattern

i apply it in all market: stock, commodity, currency. It give amazing result.

i will test all version, thank bro for great work

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Right. Share Your findings...I couldn't figure out, I sent PM to OP to get answer and no respond to it...not yet.

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Has anyone had success with this indy? Have tried in the past, but ended up with the platform freezing. ??

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Alert occurs too late.

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Please tell me what mean RetraceDepthMin and RetraceDepthMax in that indicator? Do those values correspond to Fibonacci lines? Please explain if you do not mind.

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
Unfortunately i found this thread only now.

A really good one.

What a pity that's over.

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Set Zig Zag depth to number 5 and it will work.

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
123 indicator is not working?please share if anyone's got it

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
try www.mql5.com

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
I tried ,nothing is there for mt4 ,123 indicator.please share if u got 1.thnks

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
That is home base for Metatrader 4 and 5

But they don't have filer for 4 or 5 when doing search

But there is 1-2-3 indicators there

Good luck

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
123PatternsV7 BETA for mt4 build 1330

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
but it does not show bar in live market... you have to change timeframe to see d bar... lets say i am on 5 min chart.... it does not show any bull or bear bar in live market to do so... u have to change timeframe to any other and come back to 5 min again.... them it shows a bull or bear bar in live market..... did you have any updated version?

thanks alot for sharing this indicator

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Hello,

The indicator is just very good, however I noticed that sometimes I don't print the arrow. The arrow only appears when I update the template.

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
I have the same problem as romulorios.

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
123PatternsV6 for mt4 build 1335

123PatternsV7 BETA for mt4 build 1335

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Thank you very much. God bless you greatly.

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
If not wrong, when I open the mt4 the indicator doesn't update along with the bars. If this is not normal, can you fix it, please?

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
V6 works normally, I fix V7

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Can you tell me if this indicator repaints the same as V6?

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
Hi,

I used your updated indicator with Zigzag. It is plotted normally but returned with error "Zero divide". Could you please guide if this is possible to be fixed?

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
I really like this indicator. May I ask whether it can be converted to MT5 version

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   123PatternsV6.03 & mtf nmc alerts bt.mq4

59 KB
|
958 downloads

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
Thank you so much for helping me fix the indicator misalignment

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
Nice....

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
it is cool all right!

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Simple and clean.

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Anyone interested in trying to get this thread going again?

I'm using MT5, anyone recommend an indicator (free) which provides alerts for 123 pattern?

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
hello do you have this as mq5 or ex5?


===== 附件下载链接 =====

MultiZigZag.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/835037?d=1321612101
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/838209
Traders_Trick_Entry.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/839566?d=1322090704
123PatternsV7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/853775?d=1323648878
v7betatest.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/853776?d=1323648878
ZigZagOnFractals.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/853873?d=1323664060
v7betatest.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/855323?d=1323796861
123PatternsV7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/855324?d=1323796861
123AlarmsV7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/858506?d=1324105299
123PatternsV6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1202942?d=1369843346
123PatternsV6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1203075?d=1369857790
123PatternsV6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1203076?d=1369857794
123 Chart Pattern + Fib Expansion.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207459?d=1370442774
123system.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207461?d=1370442819
Traders_Trick_Entry.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207462?d=1370442827
EMA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207467?d=1370442998
FX-Pro Round Numbers.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207469?d=1370443046
TMS-Osc Cross.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207470?d=1370443077
EJ_CandleTime.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207472?d=1370443105
FX-Pro Round Numbers.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207473?d=1370443119
Synergy_APB_[C].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207475?d=1370443150
123PatternsV6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207476?d=1370443174
TDI_RT.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207482?d=1370443267
123 v6 tdi.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207489?d=1370443462
Heiken Ashi Explanation.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207531?d=1370445640
Heiken Ashi Candles.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1207532?d=1370445655
DanskeTechnicalUpdate.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1208153?d=1370516578
DanskeDaily.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1208155?d=1370516689
DIVERGENZE SU 2 TIME FRAMES.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1213379?d=1371148959
rover_north.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1214211?d=1371226374
rover_north.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1214211?d=1371226374
1-2-3 Trend Change Pattern.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1222510?d=1372339838
Divergence Hidden Divergence Fibos.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1222929?d=1372421665
show123RH.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1226036?d=1372861379
ZigZag.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1237355?d=1374316560
ZigZag.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1237356?d=1374316567
123PatternsV5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1237361?d=1374317099
News Profiteer Ebook Lite.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1240425?d=1374747502
Tradable News Trigger report.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1240426?d=1374747508
Fibonacci Trading - How to Master the Time and Price Advantage by Carolyn Boroden_025.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1244995?d=1375357654
Fibonacci Trading - How to Master the Time and Price Advantage by Carolyn Boroden_045.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1244997?d=1375357684
Fibonacci Trading - How to Master the Time and Price Advantage by Carolyn Boroden_061.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1244998?d=1375357712
Fibonacci Trading - How to Master the Time and Price Advantage by Carolyn Boroden_077.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1244999?d=1375357791
MT4_Price_Alerts.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1250671?d=1376058406
How to use the 123 strategy effectuvely.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1259832?d=1377258802
DanskeTechnicalUpdate(1).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1265754?d=1378112053
DanskeDaily.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1265755?d=1378112063
Pennants.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1270636?d=1378734783
amro-hexagon-number-H1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1280519?d=1380030585
FractalLevels.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1284750?d=1380624404
Opto123 v1.5.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1288831?d=1381224927
Opto123 v1.5 user guide.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1288832?d=1381224951
Translated version of CSR100.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1289084?d=1381245872
Practical-Fibonacci-for-Forex.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1291935?d=1381657406
SS_SupportResistance_v04b.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1294998?d=1382011660
II_SupDem v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1294999?d=1382011668
Trading_Price_II_001.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1295002?d=1382012445
Trading_Price_II_064.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1295004?d=1382012644
Reversal Patterns.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1300478?d=1382778169
Jankone's charts.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1300481?d=1382778229
FX-Pro Round Numbers.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1302071?d=1383064183
Auto_Sessions_v_1.7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1322153?d=1385899643
Hull moving average 2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1331784?d=1387291366
DanskeTechnicalUpdate(4).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1332384?d=1387361037
DanskeTechnicalUpdate.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1333256?d=1387454995
DanskeDaily.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1333257?d=1387455047
Jankone's charts.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1353438?d=1390403998
123PatternsV6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1366207?d=1392045108
123PatternsV7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1366273?d=1392051085
1-123PatternsV7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1366341?d=1392059089
2-123PatternsV7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1366342?d=1392059093
show123v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1386643?d=1394812631
DanskeTechnicalUpdate.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1399710?d=1396611062
CSFXT.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1399711?d=1396611089
Benchmark.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1399712?d=1396611098
DanskeTechnicalUpdate(3).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1406396?d=1397468494
CSFXT(1).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1406398?d=1397468530
SwissquoteWkly.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1406399?d=1397468551
How to use the 123 strategy effectuvely.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1410266?d=1397915415
1-2-3 Trend Change Pattern.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1410267?d=1397915425
123 Chart Pattern + Fib Expansion.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1410268?d=1397915432
Divergence Hidden Divergence Fibos.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1410269?d=1397915446
George C Lane Stochastics.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1410270?d=1397915452
SEB.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1411928?d=1398183900
UBS_FxAdviser_April22_1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1411929?d=1398183937
Swissquote(1).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1411931?d=1398183976
DanskeTechnicalUpdate.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1412486?d=1398246631
The 3 Secrets to Trading Momentum Indicators pt1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1412656?d=1398257047
The 3 Secrets to Trading Momentum Indicators pt2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1413724?d=1398358626
CH Natural Flow & Big E's Method.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1414834?d=1398594783
The 3 Secrets to Trading Momentum Indicators pt3.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1416952?d=1398850785
The 3 Secrets To Trading Momentum Indicators pt4.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1418330?d=1399022253
FX-Pro Round Numbers.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1421468?d=1399457402
The 3 Secrets To Trading Momentum Indicators pt5.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1423277?d=1399629208
The 3 Secrets to trading Momentum Indicators pt6.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1435277?d=1401188890
adr.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1438655?d=1401621696
DailyRangeIndicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1438657?d=1401621732
Traders_Trick_Entry.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1444887?d=1402405366
123 RH settings MT4.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1446343?d=1402562340
DanskeTechnicalUpdate(8).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1452356?d=1403285296
Divergence + Hidden Divegence.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1452788?d=1403433845
Jankone's charts.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1453375?d=1403523835
Pin bars-introduction.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1453432?d=1403529672
Pinbars advanced.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1453433?d=1403529693
xADR_0.2renko.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1476701?d=1406366032
AnyCandle.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1476702?d=1406366117
DanskeTechnicalUpdate.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1483047?d=1407249857
IMM_Positioning_110814.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1489020?d=1407941474
dee1hr.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1495496?d=1408804109
P4L CandleTime.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1495497?d=1408804195
Grid_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1495498?d=1408804223
Auto_Sessions_v_1.7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1495500?d=1408804260
TDI_RT.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1495501?d=1408804295
DanskeTechnicalUpdate.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1497626?d=1409128605
IMM_Positioning_250814.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1497627?d=1409128647
DanskeTechnicalUpdate (19).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1501538?d=1409672720
IMM_Positioning_010914.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1501539?d=1409672763
FXStrategy_EUR_270814.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1502770?d=1409821323
DanskeDaily.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1502771?d=1409821381
DanskeTechnicalUpdate (21).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1502773?d=1409821484
WeeklyFocus.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1504209?d=1410005832
DanskeTechnicalUpdate (26).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1509939?d=1410859569
FX_Forecast_Update_September_2014_150914.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1509940?d=1410859632
DanskeDaily.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1509942?d=1410859662
IMM_Positioning_150914.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1509943?d=1410859715
123PatternsV7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3895153?d=1616333031
123PatternsV6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3983893?d=1625707338
123PatternsV6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3983894?d=1625707339
123PatternsV7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3983895?d=1625707340
123PatternsV7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3983896?d=1625707341
123PatternsV7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4009562?d=1628593134
123PatternsV7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4009563?d=1628593134
123PatternsV6.03 & mtf nmc alerts bt.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4474297?d=1686169067
