===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
/!\ SYSTEM ON PAUSE FROM MAY 2023 TILL FURTHER NOTICE /!\
One Hour Trend Trading System on EURUSD

One picture being better than one thousand words...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

These are the first seven trends of 2020 as of Begin of March 2020.

The system uses a Simple Moving Average (SMA) coupled with a Stochastic RSI (SRSI) calculated over a period of 96 hours to signal trends like shown in the chart above. It does so when the price is above SMA and SRSI is above 40 for a bull trend or when price is below SMA and SRSI below 60 for a bear trend.

Once a new trend begins, it's important to draw the corresponding trend line in the following hours or days. Trends are used to avoid false entries, which can exist when a new trend is signaled without the previous trend line being broken or to confirm them when they are broken.

This system has been created and adjusted for EURUSD only and occasionally EURJPY. No other pair will be traded, discussed here.

The entry is simply when a new trend appears, the exit is at your own discretion but the last call is when a contrary signal (opposite trend) appears.

Please note that Money management, Risk, SL, etc will not be discussed here as everyone is responsible for the risk (s)he can afford.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Before posting, please consider the following :Before posting anything, please, at least read the first 10 pages of the thread, any question coming later that was already answered in those first 10 pages, will simply be ignored.
. Please be polite and respectful to everyone like we all are in real life.
. Please don't post charts or other material not related with the system or of different pairs.
. Please don't add your own rules and/or indicators to the system.
Know that the non respect of these rules can ban you from the thread.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

That's all for the description and rules. If you want to give it a try, I would be glad to hear from, or help you if needed.

PS. Posts #2 to #178 show the original system when SMA and SRSI were charted separately. The actual system merges both indicators into one shown on the price window, it tests the condition of a new trend and changes the SMA and fill color between SMA and price when it detects one.

Note also that I was using SMA-100 at the beginning and this was then changed later to SMA-96, so don't get confused if you see in the earlier posts SMA-100, it's SMA-96 that is used now.

Latest versions of Indicators for MT4 :
Attached File(s)   SmaSRSI96-V8.mq4

18 KB
|
5,561 downloads
|
Uploaded Apr 5, 2020 2:58pm
Attached File(s)   StochRSI-V8.mq4

12 KB
|
5,134 downloads
|
Uploaded Apr 5, 2020 2:58pm

Latest versions of Indicators for Trading View :
Attached File(s)   SmaSRSI96-V7.txt

7 KB
|
2,292 downloads
|
Uploaded Apr 4, 2020 7:35pm
Attached File(s)   SRSI96-V8.txt

3 KB
|
1,692 downloads
|
Uploaded Apr 17, 2020 6:21am

Upgraded 2021 version which removes a bit of noise.
Attached File(s)   SmaSRSI-2021.txt

4 KB
|
1,468 downloads
|
Uploaded Apr 8, 2021 3:49pm

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Now, let's see what are the charts I look at...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is 1H EURUSD chart printed right now at 14h41 CET

You see the MA100 on the chart and MyStochRSI below it.

The first signal letters for example " A " are followed by confirmation signal letters, like for example " A' "

One interesting thing to note in E and E' is how MySRSI went down well before the price.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Another interesting thing to note is how the market pulls back about 20 pips after each signal giving you an opportunity for a better or more conservative entry.

But note that this could not always be the case and that in conditions of more volatility, the pullback could be wider...

Look at the green " O " in the chart ...

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Probably an hidden divergence :-)

Your MyStochRSI is it the original indicator stochastic and rsi together ? i ask it, to get it on my platform ? :-)

thx

and good  luck for your system :-)

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Yes it was, just wanted to keep things simple, I don't want myself looking for divergences, instead see them as a whistle-blower ;-)

Yes, it's stochastic and rsi, took it somewhere and modified it to my needs.

Thanks and good luck to you too!

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Time to get a look on the dark side and see what could happen during a flat market.

This is the EURUSD 1H chart of last September explained.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AA' was a good BUY signal without pullback opportunity but soon markets flattens and gives a BB' SELL signal.

For these 2 signals I think we can be out without too much losses and with eventually a small gain.

Now comes CC' buy signal with a strong reversion of price (news here) which forces us to close our previous BB' sell with a loss. Yes a loss, but remember, losses are OK as long as trading is conservative with MM kept in check.

And then comes DD' Sell signal which make us close previous trace certainly at a loss. We are at mid-month and at this point it would be good to make a pause in trading and observe the market.

Now, look after D, how MSRSI never went below 40 and up, which would have generated a buy signal. And also look at price not making any new high and more than that making a new Low marked "L" and this confirms that DD' was a valid signal and that we are now out of that trading range.

Now E could have been taken for an early Buy signal but there was no MA100 cross to validate it so if we were short we remain short until next buy signal FF'

You see, flat markets are and will always be difficult to trade and you never know when you enter one, so be conservative. In addition of MA100 crossings and MyRSI values, observe whether the price is making new highs or new lows, the general direction of MYSRSI gives also an hint.

I think the keywords when guessing that we enter a flat market are prudence, observation and patience.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
As extra confirmation and last tool, you can add trend lines to confirm the signal validity. It's good to do so when MYSRSI approaches 40 or 60 future signal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That's all for now, until the next if you have any question or for a live trade!

--- 帖子 #8 ---
I want to post two interesting cases that took place in February of this year, this is to have some reference posts when in doubt in future trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I emphasize here the usage of the trend line of the previous ending trend in order to not enter too early and confirm termination of previous trend.

AA' gives a valid Buy Signal but look at how the trend line established by L1 L2 doesn't get broken and it evens reject the price forming L3 and suggesting that the previous down trend should continue.

Observe also that the swing to generate the Buy signal is 80 pips large and very often, if not all the time, top and bottoms are tested as it was in this case and that means that in the case we had entered a trade here, we would have been in 80 pip loss and in this case we went even lower than that so it's important to be aware of that.

Finally the trend gets broken at the X point, confirming the long trade.

On the following long trend, we get an early B Sell signal without no MA 100 cross, so no sell or close of previous trade here, instead this is the right time to draw a trend line using support points going back, those are N1 and N2.

Later we get another C Sell signal, this time confirmed by C' and also by the trend line getting broken.

In addition we have an O(pportunity) signal 50 pips away ! Which is quite a lot but which allows you to double your position if your first entry was conservative.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
More charting...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Observe all the MA 100 crosses which are just False breakouts (FBs) as long as MSRSI doesn't cross the 60 line !

That's why the two indicator signal confirmation is important, and trend break confirmation, a Nice to Have !

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Sometimes, trading by the rules will not be enough but at least that shouldn't sink the account either.

Observing and judging from the big picture will always be important.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Getting all the trades during July and begin of August, we would have made a total of -80 pips !

Emphasizing that this system being good, it's still has periods where it just won't work, so take care of it and keep an eye on the overall picture.

The issue is to understand what's going on, it's always difficult and sometimes only possible after the fact.

Here we see clearly a trading range between the two dotted lines, we could only have seen it at point C, not before ! At that point it's interesting to look at the MSRSI shape and note that the peaks A' B' and C' were weaker and weaker, certainly an early indication that the range would be broken to the low ? Well we got a DD' Sell signal right after anyway ;-)

--- 帖子 #11 ---
hello I could publish the parameters of the indicators for MT4

--- 帖子 #12 ---
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Please do. Thanks

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Current situation...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Interesting to see how L1 L2 trend-line was broken at L3 just to see the price rejected by the MA100 creating a false break.

Note that at the moment of breaking the trend line, neither MSRSI nor MA100 were giving a signal.

I will be moving my trend line to L1 L3 after this, I think we are near a buy signal or the continuation of current trend if support is broken...

--- 帖子 #14 ---
As you suggested, I have plotted the 84 EMA on the chart and I see that it produces similar results. A bit earlier signals due to its 'E' component and of course the smaller period.

So thanks for the suggestion but I will stay with my MA 100. I think that the longer period and simpler calculation gives it more detachment from current price fluctuations (noise) and overall is simpler than the EMA, and I always look for simplicity.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Hi,

Any clue on how to get that indicator under Mt4 ?

Thanks !

--- 帖子 #16 ---
You have it here :
https://www.mql5.com/en/market/produ...tab_p_overview

Use these parameters:
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Thanks for that !

--- 帖子 #18 ---
I want now to reveal my plan for the next trades.

As you can see in my explorer, I have already a long trade running which was in anticipation of what's happening now. I sometimes enter a trade when a recent low is tested, sometimes that works, sometimes not.

Now you see in the chart below that we are near a new Buy signal. The trend line has already been broken, the MA100 will soon maybe be broken and MSRSI is also approaching 40, so as I have already a trade running, I won't enter on the signal, instead, I will wait for a pullback (Opportunity, maybe near or at the trend-line), if there is one, after what if the price goes back up, I will enter again when reaching a new high which for me would mean that we entered a new up trend, if all this realizes, I would have a triple position.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #19 ---
I don't see the point of posting that, but if you think your views and or system are way better, you should open your own thread, a lot of people would be happy to follow.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
BT, your Account info looks quite good. Shows how you have successfully built this method. Congrats.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Yes, well, I messed a bit at the beginning as I hadn’t all the rules and parameters in place and also took far riskier trades which shouldn’t be taken as an example but I think the dust has settled now.

But having a method built is not the end, just the beginning, I will try and hope that I will be able to trade it during the whole 2020, that would really mean something for me.

Thanks for the post and let's try to all have a successful trading year 2020 !

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Here we are, at the exact moment where all three indicators give us a Buy signal.

As said earlier in post #20, I won't enter a new trade right now as I already have a running long trade. Instead I will try to get the Opportunity trade @ 1,1090 with a limit order (for the night here in Europe) which is about 20 pips from recent top. I choose that level completely arbitrarily looking at recent swings and also because it's still above the recent broken trend line. Maybe tomorrow morning, looking at price action, I could reconsider that level, we'll see...

Here's the chart were we can see that both MA100 and trend line were crossed and MSRSI @ 40+

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Valid AA' Buy signal.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Good morning everyone,

It looks like the signal was valid ;-) Unfortunately, my Opportunity trade didn't trigger, the pullback was only ~15 pips, I missed it by 5 pips, well, that's life, great that I didn't forgot to place the stop trade on the back up.

Now it's the time to protect my initial trade with a stop loss so I have only one trade exposed, and let the price run it's course.

The MA100 will soon start pointing the north and I expect the price to pull back to it and that maybe the time to add an additional trade, I will judge at that moment...

On the news front, no major event (FOMC or NFP) today and next week so the sky is clear, we shouldn't have any important disturbance from that side.

Adding a chart for the records.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #24 ---
I've crunched the numbers for 2019. Using a 100p TP, & 65p SL, letting the trades run until either TP, SL or reverse entry is hit. I went through the entire year 3 times to find any errors.

Total Pips

+ 2793

100 + 59 + 100 + 70 + 77  + 100 + 15 + 9 + 100 + 15 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 3 + 63 + 24 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 100 + 24 + 34 + 100 + 100 + 100

- 931

33 + 21 + 65 + 14 + 65 + 25 + 65 + 53 + 65 + 41 + 48 + 5 + 17 + 39 + 26 + 65 + 37 + 8 + 29 + 43 + 34 + 37 + 31 + 65

This is a slight deviation from BT's criteria, but it shows the value of his method. The average is about 30 pips per week, without spending your life in the "Men/Women Who Stare at Charts" club.

Anxious to hear what others have found.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Don't be anxious, lol, but instead Relax ;-)

I think that everyone can, or has to, adapt the system to his own needs, style and expectations and then look by himself to what (s)he gets.

So all good  and thanks for the contribution.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Thanks for system broketrader! Does anyone have an mq4 (open source) version of this indi?

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Thank you!

It looks like it's hard to find one and I'm not sure of the accuracy of the one I gave the link previously.

So the best is that I will write one and publish the code here, just give me a bit of time for it...

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Attached File(s)   TSO Stochastic RSI.ex4

194 KB
|
786 downloads

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Here is the version I made, it gives a slightly different result than TSO, which one is better ? But you have the source code to play with.

Attached File(s)   MyStochRSI.mq4

11 KB
|
768 downloads

Edit:

Here is a better updated Indicator version, please use this one instead.

Attached File(s)   MyStochRSIv2.mq4

10 KB
|
1,470 downloads

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Who could think that this thing would sky-rocket like this after the entry call ?

Given the recent run-up and with 2+ months of profits target on the table I'm closing my positions before the weekend.

Edit: I couldn't resist to enter a trade in opposite direction now. I think that we should travel lower in direction of the MA100 and given the current level of MSRSI, this could very well be a top. we will see...

--- 帖子 #31 ---
MyStochRSI indicator updated, please see post 32.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Got in Dec 24th based on Stochastic I came up with because could not find anything like the suggested.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Hi BT.

I'm already enjoying following along with your thread although I trade very differently.

I hope you can stay on track and profit greatly from your system in 2020.

It seems we share the same signature, too.

Cheers

Anthony

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Interesting, The MA 100 you mentioned is Simple MA ?

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Hi Diamond, what is the platform you use ?

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Hi Sunny!

Glad you enjoy the thread, be cool with the popcorn, I don't want to be responsible of any diet issue ;-)

And thanks for the wishes, yes I will try to stay on track, this time I have Mr Da Vinci watching over my shoulder so I have to be serious...

Nice signature you have there ;-)  It's my new Mantra to not forget to keep things simple!

Thank you! I hope you will have a great year too !!!

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Hi Niily, yes it's Simple MA

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Hi Broketrader, thank you for sharing your idea here, please check my uploaded chart, is it correctly following your system?, thanks

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Hi Broketrader, thanks!!!!

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Interesting. I will try it. Good work!

--- 帖子 #41 ---
If you find at least one good set up and enter one lot per trade you can make OVER $800.00 per week in similar moves.

Congrat for you trade.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
++++++++++++++++++

MT4. 100 Stochastic with 100sma overlapped. It very closely matches many of the set ups on your charts.

I may have to expand my Tradingview knowledge, so I can match your set ups.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Do I see double, or are there 2 averages instead of one ?

I see that you integrated this, or part of this in your own system, well done ! Hope it will help you to trade better.

Thanks and Good luck!

Please stop and avoid giving that kind of advice, not in this thread !

You are suggesting that it's possible to find good setups "If you find...", let me tell you that YOU CAN'T, period.

A good trade is only good when it terminates in profit like we had the chance to see in our last trade.

At the time the setup is there and that all the conditions are met, what you have is only a setup, nothing more, because you don't know if price will go in your favor 5 pips and then reverse 50.

In this last trade, I didn't expect at all that price was going to sky-rocket in that way, it has been almost a straight line during the day, why it went like that, I don't know and I don't care and nobody including you and myself could have said at that exact moment, please see post #25 that it was THE good setup.

And don't make me wrong, I don't want to hurt you, just want to make things clear for everyone.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
I encourage you to use TradingView, you have to play a bit with it but it's easy, you will see. Once I got used to it, I never went back to MT4 to look for a chart.

Create an account there (which is free) so you can save your chart layout and if you need help, let me know.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Never Tradingview. It doesn't have basic fundamental Bill Williams indicators which are built in MT4 and MT5. one of those very basic indicators is Fractal.

Once they have it I will look at it.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
To be fair (Letterkenny), the trade I showed had a late entry, which is why it made it all the way to 100. And, as BT said, that type of a slow, steady climb, is not normal (as if there exists any normalcy in the world of trading).

When a potential opportunity presents itself, you have 3 choices, take it, don't take it, or standby and shrug your shoulders. If you find yourself choosing the last option, most of the time, success will be fleeting.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Well, I typed Bill Williams in the indicator box and that's what I got, is the one you're looking at there ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Hi everyone,

I hope that you are having a nice weekend and holiday season.

I took some time to re-read and reformat the first post, you can have a look at it if you want but in short, I just added a sentence regarding the Exit as I didn't say too much about that before, here it is: You exit the trade either when you are happy with your current profits or on a contrary signal. Also note that MSRSI approaching the 5 or 95 level is a clear signal that an incoming correction is due, so act accordingly.

Keep in mind that this is not written in stone, so if you have 20 pips profits and want to get out and are happy with, it's all OK!

There was also a question about why my current sell, that doesn't fit any rule.

That's true and as I said in post #20, I sometimes enter a trade when I feel that we are at a peak or that a peak is being tested, some times these trades work and sometimes not, so please don't put too much importance on them.

Regarding the current sell trade, I must admit that I went in, I think a bit too early, so if the price floats above 1.1175-1.1180 in incoming trading hours, I will certainly exit and wait for some kind of confirmation of the top before maybe entering again, but again, this is extra personal stuff that I like to play with, that I share transparently and which am open to discuss but it's not in direct relation with the system at play here, please take note of it.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
@Valseva...can you share your template...thanks

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Interesting thread on H1 strategy. subscribed

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hi Broketrader

Regarding the current sell trade, I must admit that I went in, I think a bit too early, so if the price floats above 1.1175-1.1180 in incoming trading hours, I will certainly exit and wait for some kind of confirmation of the top before maybe entering again, but again, this is extra personal stuff that I like to play with, that I share transparently and which am open to discuss but it's not in direct relation with the system at play here, please take note of it.[/quote]

About this short trade, it is interesting that I often also had this kind of reaction and would enter a trade without a signal. Invariably I was wrong.

I have enjoyed your thread and have posted my system here just to show, and I'm going to continue to follow your thread to see how well my signals match yours. As you can see I don't have a sell signal, but I am having a take profit signal flashing on and off. Best of Luck for the new year ahead.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Thanks and good luck with your system too !

--- 帖子 #53 ---
[/quote] About this short trade, it is interesting that I often also had this kind of reaction and would enter a trade without a signal. Invariably I was wrong.  I have enjoyed your thread and have posted my system here just to show, and I'm going to continue to follow your thread to see how well my signals match yours. As you can see I don't have a sell signal, but I am having a take profit signal flashing on and off. Best of Luck for the new year ahead. {image}[/quote]

Could you please share your template and indicators? Looks good!

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hi Akolva

Perhaps another time as this thread is not about my system. Hope you understand.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
I understand completely. With that said, I encourage you to start a thread as your system looks promising.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Thanks Akolva. I will consider this.

In the meantime I hope Broketrader is still short.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
BT, I'm in favor of your original method. Extreme deviation from that, may be polluting the focus of this thread. Not intended to discourage anyone from researching their own way of getting from A to B. Just asking all to be respectful of your basic set ups.

I am interested in what you said in post #52. Hope you expand on that at some point.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Hi Diamond,

Regarding post #52, when I see MSRSI being at extremes, I just try to enter a trade to the opposite direction. It worked perfectly well on the first trade that I commented here, but not with the one today as you could see.

My hypothesis for today was that the price would reverse as fast as it raised, that's also why I went heavy with 1 lot and then again with 0.6 lot, but as you know, it failed. From the beginning I was willing to risk $150, no more, and I somehow exited with about -120 so all OK.

My "mental" hedge also, is that I take those trades when I'm well beyond my monthly profit plan which is 10% of account and you know that this month was very good for me. Overall, compared to the profits I made, it's a low cost trade that can potentially give big rewards, that's why I very often take them.

My main defect in these trades is that I'm far too early, or too big, or both ;-), so I have to improve that, but as you very well said, I also have to remain focused on the main setup. Thanks for giving the opportunity to explain

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Hi Broketrader

Do you have a strategy to re-enter like a new long now on the break upwards after consolidation or will you wait for the market to turn and look for a short as your next opportunity?

I bought again now for instance, (I must say though that I did so with little confidence).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Hi Derek,

Congrats for your re-entry, I hope it will give good profits. In short, No, I don't have re-entry strategy and I don't want to develop one, keeping things simple is important. But if you read my exit point on first post, I say that you exit either if you are happy with your profits or on a contrary signal, and we didn't get a contrary signal yet so we could very well still be in the trade but personally I already explained why I got out, so I have no regrets. Next year there will be plenty of trends to trade, I'm sure ;-)

Regarding the next opportunity, we will see, it could not necessarily be a short but maybe a MA100 touch and go given that it seems that we are in a strong up trend right now. We will see at that moment, and for sure, I will post a chart.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Ok, I also find it hard to stay in when you have made a nice profit.  Looking forward to seeing your chart.

Sorry about your short - for a moment today it looked like it would really go in your favour. In the end I also went short, but it was a very small trade making only a few cents.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Hi All. Now on my 5th look at trades for 2019. One small help I've found, is if price is X# of pips away from on chart 100sma, and there is a trade set up, I would not take it.

Example: Say price is 90 pips below 100sma, and you get a sell signal, I would not take it.

In my current review, I'm seeing that any trades either 50ish above, or below, should not be taken, if they signal to continue in that direction.

Current price has been over 80 pips above 100sma for a few days.

I'm still researching this angle, so will update as needed.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
You are right, check also post #8 where I talk about it on a chart...

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Hi Broketrader, thanks!!!!

--- 帖子 #65 ---
If you have exceeded your monthly target then you should be SOYH! No need to over trade. Great job btw.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
I will experiment a way to satisfy my appetite for finding top/bottoms (kind of sport I like to practice) while at the same time mitigating the risk, this is how:

Instead of trying to catch the perfect peak, as we all know is impossible, at extremes like now when top/bottoms are forming, the idea is to enter a maximum of 3 trades half the size of the regular ones at round numbers and every 20 pips, like for example now at 1.1200, 1.1220, 1.1240, and giving them, as a group, the exact risk of a regular single trade which for me is 10% of account at -100 pips, that way, I can just enter the limit orders with their stop losses and "forget" them, they embed exactly the same risk as the trades used by the system.

Let's see what I get from that...

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Excuse my ignorance, could you first explain to me what SOYH! means ?

And yes, it was a bit of over trading but doing it and the failure that followed forced me to search for a solution I think I now have, not forcibly better in terms of gain but certainly in terms of peace of mind. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #68 ---
EURUSD

--- 帖子 #69 ---
lol sorry......SOYH stands for "Sit On Your Hands"

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Please help. How to apply this system to MT4 android..? Thank you.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
[quote = valseva; 12679007] Xin chào Broketrader, cảm ơn !!!! {hình ảnh} [/ quote]

You can share your system settings. thanks

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Happy and Prosperous New Year 2020 to All !

As a parenthesis before the market opens, interesting to see what happened to the Dollar Index overnight...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But even if the Euro is 57% of it, it's holding well above the 1,12 level. It looks like I shouldn't suffer a big gap against me at open, we should open at previous close or below it, to the contrary of USDJPY which has left the ground 240 pips!  and seems to want to remain there but all this could change at the open, we will see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Quotes from : https://forex.tradingcharts.com/quotes/

Again, the best possible year 2020 for Everyone !

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

hello BT, happy new yr! looking at the extremes to enter at tops or bottoms a trend line break might help to avoid. nice work!

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Hi Bororo, Let's not discuss too much those trades as they are not part of the system traded here, but I understand your point.

Everyone has to make its own appreciation, Thanks

--- 帖子 #75 ---
no p! green luck!

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Thoughts for the next signal...

It looks like we are in the way to our next SELL signal but we must consider the following: The swing from the previous top to this signal (if there is one) will be quite big, certainly more than 80 pips ! 1.1168 and 1.1150 are previous recent daily tops and they will act as support. A daily down trend-line dating from 2018 has just been broken recently with its level actually near 1.1150 (support).

My feeling right now is that we will breach the MA-100, eventually also the trend-line, but that MSRSI won't agree suggesting a false breakout, maybe a good moment to close my shorts and risk a long trade but it's too early to say now.

Here is the current situations and my trend lines:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #77 ---
The strong rejection at trend-line and MA100 both at the same level made me close my shorts just to re-enter them again.

Now it seems that we are crossing lower and if successful, we could test 1.1150.

MSRSI still says No Sell.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #78 ---
a bit of a late entry.....

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Interesting thread, following

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Good morning everyone!

We had our Sell signal (BB') hours ago, sorry for being late, I'm also some 15 pips late in my trade but I also need to sleep ;-)

The price was so glued to the trend-line and MA100 that I thought that we were rebounding from there until MSRSI crossed the 60 line, which on my chart is at 1.1172, and took everyone with it ;-)

The next resistances I see are at 1.1150 (daily top), 1.1130 (day down trend-line) and 1.1100 (4H trend line).

Keep in mind that while trading the 1 hour and sticking to our signals, it's still important to be aware of what's happening elsewhere.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Thanks! Hope you will enjoy!

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Here is a new version of MyStochRSI for MT4, which does the calculation on the correct and needed bars instead of a limited number of them as V2 does.

Sorry, it has been a lot of time since I have coded for MT4.

Attached File(s)   MyStochRSIv3.mq4

10 KB
|
1,135 downloads

--- 帖子 #83 ---
I'm not sure why but when I go to download this file it shows as a "text document".

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Wow, today have one setup but today is Friday..... Will try make one at next week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Try, right-click and then save as...

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Yes, Fridays are sometimes messy, their particularity is that they end the week and 1 out of 4, the month. I have seem sometimes trends reversing that day, in particular during the NY session.

So I will be watching closely the NY session to see if the guys there confirm the current wave down or if they want to put the mess again ;-)

In any case, it's good to be conservative and prudent

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Yes, but still better than mine  Take care of your running profits !

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Price rejected at 1.1130 at the daily trend-line and 30 min before NY open.

Had to close my shorts as I entered a bit late and then got half long position.

Let's see if this is only resistance rejection or a reversal...

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Well, I will leave it for today, again, a bit of over-trading but that will return to normal from Monday.

Could have done far better for sure but with $5 loss for the day, I'm still happy.

Time to profit from the weekend and prepare for the next swing.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Hi broketrader, brilliant thread!

I have a question, would you consider re-entering a short position if the price is rejected again by MA100? I know it was Friday but if that was Tuesday or Wednesday, what would you do? Thank you!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Hi 24moonbridge, thank you, glad you appreciate!

It's always easier to say it later than during the session, the dynamics are different and the emotions too and this always alter your judgement.

But in that particular setup, I see two possible scenarios.You were aware of the 1.1130 support and you took your profits there and if price gets back to your sell point at 1.1170, then you sell again, knowing that you are anyway "in sync" with your signal, so all fine.
. You didn't take any profits yet, then you shouldn't re-enter knowing that you have already a trade that is almost at break-even or even in a loss.

Moreover, that retracement looks more like a reversal impulse than a simple retracement. Of course at this time we still don't know but it should at least lead to caution. So for me, the best possible trade here is the scenario 1, eventually with a tight stop loss above the high of the swing. Otherwise it's better to just forget and wait the next Swing.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Apparently you didn't take the time to read the first post before posting your crap.

What have your Fibos and Grail Indi to do with the system ? Nothing! You are out.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Thank you for your thoughtful response, mate! I totally agree with you on both scenarios and it seems to me that there is reversal and running into some consolidation (sideway) for the next few days. But only the market will tell and hopefully there will be a actionable signal soon.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Now I will seem a bit contradictory but after thinking on your post and my response to it, I was in fact realizing that we were maybe overthinking this a bit too much instead of just watch and trade what we have on the chart.

You know, scenarios and thoughts change everyday and this is normal, we have to adapt to new market conditions, but there is one thing that doesn't change which is what's printed on the chart. So instead of trading future scenarios and thoughts, or not trade because of, we should trade what the chart and the rules are telling us.

It's the beginning of the year and we have a Sell signal which is only one day old, I think it would be a pity to not trade it, so with the goal of being consistent and strictly follow the signals when possible all year long, I will enter a Sell trade, just half the size because I'm a bit late. If the price reverses and the trade finishes in a loss, that's life but I will be okay as I traded by the rules and finally, that's what this thread was created for.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hi broketrader,

Nice to share the strategy and its simplicity. I've done backtest on EURUSD and it have produced positive results. I know you say to trade on EURUSD only but I took liberty and can't hold the curiosity to test on other pairs. For my opinion, this strategy can work on all pairs just need adjustments on TP SL for each pairs. Just want to say thank you for this amazing you shared.

Regards,

Tom

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Hi Tom, you’re Welcome!

I see that that you’re in Indonesia, such a beautiful place I would like to visit one day !-)

I understand the need to trade on other pairs that are active during your day hours, that’s also the reason why I choose EURUSD and also because it’s the most liquid pair, it’s less prone to big jumps and gaps like we often see for example in the JPY or GBP, those are different animals that I prefer to stay away from ;-)

As for the adjustments, maybe you will also need to adapt the MA and MSRSI values.

It took me a bit of time to find the ones that I use in EU which work not too badly ;-)

The TP and SL question is a very sensitive one, that’s why my SL is wide (100 pips) sort of last resort SL which allows me to enter a trade of a reasonable size and without setting any stop loss initially, a true luxury, and regarding the TP, it’s either on contrary signal or at your own discretion. These choices help in keeping the system simple which is the essence of it, so take care of not choosing too tight values, that could be a constraint that changes its nature.

Thank you and good luck in your journey.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
following.

Ty BT

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Finally, with the help of the gap, being at only 7 pips of my initial entry point, I entered a full trade @ 1.1163. Now I'm in sync with my signal ;-)

And from now on and for future reference, I will name the trades, when closed, and the trend-lines that go along with them using the year and order of appearance so this trade I just entered will be the 20-1 when closed.

Peak trades (that are not part of the system) will be named the same way with an added P (Peak) suffix like for example 20-1P so no one gets confused.

Sleep time for me now, tomorrow is the first working day of the year!

--- 帖子 #99 ---
this indicator is very much lagging,the entry would be very late ,so i will pass it,good luck!

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Hi:  Thank you for the thread and the indicator in post 89.  So far it seems pretty good.  However I am using it on lower time frames with slightly different settings and on GBPUSD.  Call me crazy and impatient.

There is one problem I hope you can fix.  The indicator does not auto refresh.  If this could be fixed that would be great and save a few mouse clicks.  Thanks again for the thread will follow with interest.  mdavem

--- 帖子 #101 ---
I posted some numbers in post #27. These were for all of 2019. My method was almost (95%) the same as BT uses. So please note, there is a difference.

For 1/2 of 2018, my results were not as robust, however still profitable.

My opinion; Follow BT very closely, and you will do fine. Thanks BT

--- 帖子 #102 ---
I joined Forex Factory 10 minutes ago. And this is the first thread that I subscribed.

Thank you broketrader.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
I think you meant "Follow the system" not me ;-)

--- 帖子 #104 ---
You're Welcome !

I hope you will take something out of it.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Well, my first trade (20-1) of the year terminated in a loss that I could limit somehow entering positions above.

I exited a bit prematurely now because not all the indicators are giving a Buy signal but I wanted to limit the losses given that I had additional positions and that we are near the next signal. MSRSI is currently at 27, the price is above MA100 again and with the recent peak at 1.1205 we can now draw a trend-line 20-2.

So I have already taken a trade in anticipation of that but it's still a bit early.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Can I ask why you came in so early? Thanks for explanation

--- 帖子 #107 ---
I will maybe disappoint you but I must be honest, there was nothing special, I was just in the action and seeing the price going back up again I thought the momentum would continue, that's all.

Now I have to be vigilant, if the price is rejected by the 20-2 trend-line we could have a wave down of the same amplitude of the first (100 pips) which is my stop limit but I won't set any SL now, I will let it ride during the Europe night and see what the situation is tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Buy or Sell ?

--- 帖子 #109 ---
I see now, it's not clear. The 3 ones dating 5 and 6 Jan.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

They are 3 but they form a single "composite" Sell trade for me.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Hi! Thanks for pointing me to this bug, please All, get this new version!

Attached File(s)   MyStochRSIv4.mq4

10 KB
|
1,220 downloads

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hi:  Thanks for the correction.  Way easier to drive it around.  Also thanks for a live TE, will follow with interest.  Even started to monitor the EURUSD.  See what the new year brings.  Thanks again. mdavem.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Interesting thread, thank-you, bt, following along...

@derekw : the Powered_Trend_Signal indicator on your chart reminds me of a Jurik Research indicator I used in my TradeStation days (in my dark & distant past) : where can it be found, please (does not show up in a search)? Totally off topic, but are you really living on an Oyster (lovely yachts) ?

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Hi Jtrade. I did not want to post it here as this would be off topic for Broketraders thread, but I'll do it seems it has some interest. Perhaps we can make a thread to discuss it.

Broketrader, you are welcome to remove this post, if it offends.

Jtrade, I do. Some of our adventures are on our website at www.sailingdeusa.com

Attached File(s)   Powered_Trend_Signal_Arrow_Alert - 2.ex4

24 KB
|
969 downloads

--- 帖子 #114 ---
No worries as soon as you give a word about the why.

What I don’t want is people posting a chart just telling indeed “the trend is down” without a single word explaining why or others that just “pass by” posting their chart that has no relation with what we talk here.

Now, if you post something not related but you have the politeness to attach some explanation to it, then myself and others can understand, but having a complete conversation about it or another system should be done in a thread specifically created for that or privately between you, I think that this is easily understandable.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
A word now about the current situation...

Again I entered too early, meaning that I have to learn to be patient and wait for the signal to be valid, maybe next time...

Currently seeing a loss of about 3% which is manageable so I don't want to give up on my longs yet, that's because MSRSI is still rising, at 37 now, and price is still near MA100. The only thing that worries me actually is that both have started curbing down...

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Broketrader, thanks. Can you post your current chart image with your positions? No worries if they where not good. We learn from mistakes. A picture is worth a thousand words.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
I'm seeing your system like this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #118 ---
am still short........

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Well showing the positions is not needed anymore all are gone with my account profits evaporated :-( Have to start again...

Congratulations, you did perfectly  I should have kept mine too instead of anticipating and going crazy.

Big price to pay for violating my own rules, I will try to learn something from it !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price rejected by the trend line was a sign, then going below MA100 the second, but I still choose to ignore and worse, doubling down !

You can call me names, I deserve them all!

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Now, time to relax and rest... the system has proved me again its value !

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Thank you for sharing. I checked the cos section in tradingview. The result is as shown below (image file 1). After that, I corrected the problem (image 2). Please check for yourself. Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Hi but sorry, I don't know what you're talking about !

You have changed the code and also the version of the script !? First line: "//@version=4" instead of "//@version=3" in the original

This is the version of Pine language that you use in the script, unless you had a good reason to change it you should have kept the version 3 and the script will compile perfectly! Otherwise of course you have to adapt the code accordingly.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Thanks! I used it fine.

I used it fine

--- 帖子 #124 ---
I'm in for the Next 20-3 trend.

Price above MA-100 ==> OK

Price above trend-line 20-2 AND MSRSI above 40 should be confirmed at the close of the hour.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit at Hour Close: Price above trend-line 20-2 and above MA100, MSRSI also above 40 => Signal Valid

--- 帖子 #125 ---
1

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Well Done !

I'm getting a bit more risk to see what I can recover from my previous mess ;-)

At least this time I'm going with the signal but if it we close the day below 1.1170 I will have to unload a bit before the night...

Current situation:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Apologies for having my system on top of yours in the image bellow.

This is the path that I see. On the weekly chart it appears that this pair is now in a long term up trend. Can we buy off the trend line?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #128 ---
I agree for the long term, I think it can help to have a bias in our trades.

Some hours ago I was watching that same trend line as yours but now apparently with the new low at 1.1145, I have updated it. It could mean that the rise has accelerated a bit, and I will watch this new trend line instead, the dotted one (20-3), dotted because it's a bit early to draw it I think.

I see that you have an early version of the indicator, please update it to the latest version here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Thanks Broketrader, I have updated the indi.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Selling now EU at 1.11075,

--- 帖子 #131 ---
!

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Trend 20-3 is gone without much success for me mostly because of the additional risk I'm taking now, but it's OK, I can live with that.

In the absolute, having followed the signal would have result in a small loss. I was feeling the price having a hard time to take off, and with MSRSi already above 80, those were signs to take some precautions.

Now trading 20-4 down trend, I will talk about it when closed.

/!\ Important notice ! From now on, I'm using a period of 96 instead of 100 for both MA and MSRSI.

I think that it doesn't change too much the picture, it's just that 96 translates to a round number of 4 days instead of 4 days and 4 hours.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I use this system and combine with some PA on many pairs and find that it works great. The condition is to be patient and read back the settings to be sure. I believe this system can predict at least the short term very well. Thanks broketrader for sharing it.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Thanks for the comment, I would prefer to say that it provides a direction instead that it predicts ;-)

Predictions are sort of mystical things that only gurus can provide and it would made of me one of them, thing that I'm not !

I think that it's a good thing to combine it with something you have already, I think that, with time, seeing your own system confirmed or improved by it, will help to build confidence in it.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Yes it supports very well on the next trend. Although my settings are extremely extreme and rarely after added to this but it can get high correct. Anyway very thank you.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Welcome as new member of my Ignore list, you're done posting more Bullshit here !

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Dear broketrrader!

Very interest system

Subscripted!

THX

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Hello and thanks for the system idea!

Now I see a period where

- purple lines - sell triggers

- green lines - buy triggers

Could you please show me how to filter that situations? I like this system very much and want to understand your technic as well as possible.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #139 ---
You're welcome!

What's missing in your chart is the trend-line. Look at the chart below, if eventually it could have saved you from the first false breakout of MA96, certainly not from the second as the trend-line gets also broken.

So, strictly speaking, there is no way to filter out those false signals, again, the system is not perfect and in my humble opinion, it's a waste of time trying to make it perfect with some filter, better to learn to live with it, simple as it is, that's just what I'm trying to do.

And looking at your example, just following the signal would have given a positive result at the end of the trend, you can see it visually. Not that bad finally ;-)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Just closed trade 20-4, at what I think, is the bottom of its trend, so I entered a 20-5X trade, a peak trade, not a signal one.

I did exactly the same as in my messy trade, the one that made me loss 50% of account but this time, I remained in line with the signal which was short and I was right, now back to normal risk trading...

Getting ready for next 20-5, MSRSI is already improving, the down trend 20-4 is well in place now but we are still far from it and from MA96, time to rest and sleep...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Looks good and clean. Good luck broketrader!

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Again, I didn't wait for all the signals to be valid before being fully in, luckily this time I saved my skin but it won't be the case next time if I continue doing this.

And again the system teaches me that not following it scrupulously can be very costly !

The trend line was broken clearly, MSRSI well above 40 but price remained below MA96 at close saying to not enter yet.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And if that was not enough, there was that clear rejection of MA96 that I also choose to ignore !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Waiting for the next signal as we are not done yet with trend 20-4, the updated chart looking like this:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #143 ---
it sounds like to me you really need an EA. If you have an EA trade for you, you won't have to worry about entering trades against your own criteria. The EA doesn't have to trade for you totally, but it can at least help you enter trades that only meet 100% of your criteria. Then you can manage your trades from there how you please.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
You're completely right and moreover being software engineer and knowing MQL quite well, I would need nobody except myself to write it.

Now, the thing is that I'm taking the challenge of educating myself to be capable to follow a system while trying to avoid all the traps we all know, fear, greed, you name them... just to make of me a better trader and a better me. That could sound weird, but those are things that an EA will never provide.

I don't know if it will take me one year or the rest of my life, if I ever succeed, but I like trading also exactly because of that difficulty and because I think that I'm smart enough to succeed and even if in reality maybe I'm not, who cares ? So moving even only the decision part to an EA would remove a big chunk of the fun from the equation and then why trade ? To make money of course, but I want also the manner, for me is important... but that's just personal.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
As this thing is not capable of finding its bottom, lol, in the meantime, I have been studying some other pairs just to see if I could somehow diversify my trading...

Well, interestingly enough to give it a try, I have found EURJPY which almost follows EURUSD but with some very interesting and certainly intrinsic properties...

First, it's a bit more volatile than EU but also travels more pips in almost every trend.

This is a bit balanced by its pip value which is actually ~90% of EU but will need also lower lots than EU when traded.

And second, it's less influenced by USD news as it's not a USD pair but still follows EU path so this can be interesting to trade when a signal is given during big impact news like NFP and I'm thinking, of course, about FOMC tomorrow.

Below are two charts of EU and EJ with the 4 trends we had so far this year.

Look at how they are similar, and only 20-1 was bigger on EU and while 20-3 was very weak on EU, I remember it very well, it was quite impressive on EJ !

EURUSD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURJPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'm still thinking about how I will split my trades between these two, 50/50 every time or, one or the other according to conditions/incoming news, etc...

Any thoughts welcome!

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Maybe today is the day !

I would like a clear close near 1.1020, that would be well above MA96 and trend-line giving a clear signal.

Interestingly, EURJPY is diverging and making new lows ! I think that one of the two is lying ;-)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #147 ---
The signal is valid on EU, not yet on EJ but should soon follow if it's not a fake one. So added 0,2 lots to both of them.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
please check CHFJPY.This pair would probably match your criteria as well.perhaps better then EURJPY.

good luck.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
This system was at the beginning only for EURUSD, I decided recently also to trade EURJPY as it mostly follows EURUSD but I will certainly not add more, at least for the time being.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
thats ok

--- 帖子 #151 ---
On EU, the signal is now confirmed and It looks like we just began the 20-5 trend ! We'll see where do we go from here...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EJ has broken 20-4 trend but it's still not following EU as it remains below MA96...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #152 ---
hi brokertrader very nice thread im following your rule i have one question can you please tell me if im wrong or not..

please see the euruusd trendline which one is correct  Black or Blue?

one more question euruusd will move in the same direction of eurujyp or it can be move other direction ?

in eurujyp now MA is crossed now but it doesnot follow the rule thats why we didnt add entry of buy

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Please elaborate this problem as well.

you will go for buy or waiting for sell signal?

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Hi BurningDesir,

Regarding the trend lines, I draw them now using closing prices only, but it's true that it was not the case in the beginning, where I was using sometimes peaks. I have come to the conclusion that closing prices are far more important than peaks which can reflect sometimes rejection areas. so for me the blue line is the right one.

See my chart below:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regarding EU and EJ, as I said previously they almost follow each other but expect some divergences from time to time.

About the entries on EJ, I added some before the signal was valid on it, just because I was expecting it to follow EU, and that was the case later in the day. So if you hand't entered yet, that being perfectly correct, you could have entered at MA96 cross.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Thanks For your reply and this beautiful thread.i have lost huge money in forex.

i have tested so many strategies but all are failed but after reading this thread and implementing on this i have gained a confidence again and hopefully in 2020 i will gain some profit.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
You're welcome and sorry for your losses.

That said, you are a bit too fast saying you have gained confidence !

Don't fall in the trap of being too confident and have more losses, the thread exists only since end of December 2019 and I'm trying even myself to master the system the best I can and I sometimes fail ! In the past I also was too enthusiast, entering trades too early, which is my main defect, just to only have to save the trade later taking bigger risks.

So, be warned that even if you like the system like I do, and I'm pleased of it, there will be times when it just won't work, and that's normal, so, limit yourself to EU and EJ only and trade small at the beginning for at least a couple of months until you really gain confidence in it.

I really hope that all will go well for you and all others following and trading this system here and don't hesitate to ask if you are not sure when entering a trade, I'm here to help.

Good Luck !

--- 帖子 #157 ---
yes you are right .forex is not so easy .we have to learn and implement rules again and again and don`t be greedy

once again Thanks for this thread.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
What a rally we got on EU! it just painted my account in green again !-)

On the contrary, EJ was weak! showing clearly some external force acting over it, certainly the corona virus making JPY strong ?

Not having much pip reserves, I had to reduce my position before the weekend as I don't want to eventually suffer a gap on Monday with a too big position.

Again, the system signaled the change in trend perfectly and smoothly with a 20 pips retracement to the MA96 which was the perfect opportunity to enter again forming the second low point of our 20-5 trend. I will stop trading now until either I'm happy with my profits or I get a sell signal.

We are in the Trend !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Again putting my account at risk just for not respecting my own saying (of not touching the initial trade), let's see how this terminates...

I will capitulate at the moment the signal turns bearish. At the time of writing, there is a hole in the trend-line but MA96 and MSRSI are still on the buy side.

A print for later reference
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Capitulated and even added some more

The lessons I have to take from this trade are.

1. When a move of 80+ pips is done in one day or two, take the profits and prepare for the next.

2. Build a trade on the first 20-30 pips at beginning of the signal, never later as retracements can just be reversals.

I will now have to start again, focus on doing things right and see if I can rebuild.

Account State :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #161 ---
keep going with it ... i learned a lot with you in this thread ... thanks for all the sharing and explaining

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Thank you ! Yes, I will try because I'm still convinced that the system is good. I just have to get rid of my self-destruction behavior and I will be okay.

I just have to find a way...

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Your system is good but you need to have some patience, or please make it automate, this is so far so good, thank you

--- 帖子 #164 ---
First trade using this system, lets see how it goes.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #165 ---
hi Boo, your charts looking very clear, could you please share your indicator and template here, thank you

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Sure here ya go

Attached File(s)   Swing.tpl

205 KB
|
564 downloads

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Yep, that's how winning is done!! Keep moving forward!!!

These are excellent rules for your system given the way the markets are rolling along these days!

1. When a move of 80+ pips is done in one day or two, take the profits and prepare for the next.
2. Build a trade on the first 20-30 pips at beginning of the signal, never later as retracements can just be reversals.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
After having failed 20-5, here I am on 20-6  on EU

Goals for the trade :Build the trade on the next 20-30 pips on the signal =>  Let the trade run it's course without adding Exit on contrarian signal  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As for EJ, I just have anticipated the down move that we saw on EU, nothing more, there is no sell signal there.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
TP hit....nice

--- 帖子 #170 ---
With the goal of making my trading easier and also in the spirit of what the famous Mario once said, "to do whatever it takes" to stay with the trading rules...

I have merged SMA96 and MSRSI in a single indicator that shows of course the SMA96 and a fill color between it and the price which appears in RED on a bear signal and in GREEN on a bull signal. The signal remains active until a new one appears.

Here is how it appears on TradingView:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And on MT4:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

MT4 Indicator:
Attached File(s)   SmaSRSI96.mq4

13 KB
|
944 downloads

TradingView Script:
Attached File(s)   SmaSRSI96.txt

6 KB
|
658 downloads

--- 帖子 #171 ---
now i have add the indicator.

please guide me when you enter trade when ever green signal appeared after red signal or you will wait for recent support or resistance breakout?

and what about profit taking ?

--- 帖子 #172 ---
I don't look for support/resistance breakouts but just trends, please re-read post 1.

I know that I didn't do well until now but just in case, and to be clear, this is how all 2020 trends should have been traded, I think the picture says it all.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Thanks for your reply.

Now i got your point.

hopefully this indicator will help alot.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Not much to say except that this down trend has no end !

Unfortunately had to close some risky EJ shorts but I will stay with my initial ones until the color changes

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #175 ---
I finally closed my shorts as the movement was getting very slow, and then oh crap! the time to write these lines it rallied 10 pips.

Anyway, I couldn't resist taking the profits and erase some of my earlier losses. and knowing that I come from a low in account of $259, I'm happy with it and more than that, I will be there tomorrow for the next trend.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Want to say thank you to Broketrader for the strategy. I will continue to try this strategy. Made a trade on GBPUSD. Took the profits at 100 pips and may look for another entry on a retracement.

feel free to advise if i could have done the trade better.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Be careful with GBPUSD, as I already stated, I initially made this system for EURUSD !

Try to put 2 charts of EU and GU side by side and you will see what I'm talking about.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
The good thing of being out of the markets for a moment is that it allows you to make a kind of emotional reset, and that helps you to re-evaluate your trades again, take a step back or take some altitude and look at the big picture. After doing so, it's clear that I exited too early, maybe as an excuse I could say that I needed to rebuild my balance.

So to find out why (I exited too early), I went into a top-bottom analysis from monthly, to weekly, daily and finally hourly to see where we are and were we could go next and here are my findings.

Monthly charts of EU and EJ shows secular trends in which we see EU in a descending Flag and EJ navigating inside a Triangle. Not much to say on this as I don't trade monthly charts but good to keep them in mind and have those lines for the day we approach them.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The weekly charts are already revealing interesting things.

On EU, we see that we also are in a descending Flag and that the next low of the Flag corresponds to the opening of the gap we had in 2017 and which was never filled till now and this could very well be a reason for a rebound.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On EJ, we also are in a descending Flag, which could be expected in a lower time-frame as EJ quite well follows EU but to the contrary of EU, we are not at the bottom of it yet, even far from it, so I'm wondering, if EU rebounds at its Flag bottom, will EJ break its Flag to the upside ?

Or, if EJ run its course to the bottom, will EU break its Flag to the downside ?

This will be interesting to follow in the coming weeks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The daily picture shows nice daily trends zigzagging inside the weekly Flags. These trends and their breaks must be taken into account when trading the one hour trends in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And finally, my favorite playground, the hourly time-frame where a lot of nice things appear now that we have the weekly and daily trends in place.

Starting with the first hourly trend of 2020, the 20-1 trend was suggesting a break of the weekly Flag but then we got the 20-2 downtrend just below it, suggesting that a major high was forming. It was the beginning of the year and we have navigated some 370 pips lower since !

Then, the 20-3 trend forms a top for a daily downtrend, o course we don't know it yet but then, 20-4 breaks the current daily uptrend followed by 20-5 which serves to just test the previous trend-line and give an additional point to the current daily downtrend in which we are today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And the picture is almost similar on EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Conclusion.

The following days we could see a test or break of the Flag support, followed by a test or break of the current daily downtrend or the inverse !

Nobody can predict what will happen but having those levels on the chart is where I think that this analysis can help and the good news is that we just have to follow the one hour trends and take note of these events when they happen to trade the one hour trends accordingly.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Hi Broketrader and thank you for sharing your system with us. Have lots to catch up on but wanted to post this. I am definitely going to follow and learn from you, wil try to post as much as I can. I wonder if there is a possibility of sharing your template on post  #161 ? thanks in advance and God bless.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Hi MrRijk and Welcome!

Unfortunately I don't have the possibility of saving or exporting any template from TradingView, but my chart setup is very simple as you only need SmaSRSI-96 indicator which you can download from post 180 and then draw some trend-lines, let me know if you need more help.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
broketrader, I am also going to give your strategy a go. I think the indicator you made here is impressive. I like the simplicity of the strategy. I will also post my charts with my analysis using this strategy plus my own input into to try and give back a little. Thank you for taking the time to share this with us!

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Thank you and Welcome!

I think that yes, the strategy is simple enough and I hope that now coupled with higher time frames analysis like done in post 188 we should even take more out of it.

Good luck, I hope you will succeed with it !

--- 帖子 #183 ---
We are near a break of the 20-6 trend-line and a trend-line break is a good indicator of change in price direction.

As my full position for the next trend will be 0.6 lots, I will enter 1/3 of it on the trend-line break now and the remaining when we get the signal confirmation.

But I still want to see a clear break of the trend at the hour close.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Just touched the downtrend and went away from it. Now we are in the face of a triple bottom or a new leg down if broken...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But I won't trade that, sometimes a "no trade" is the "best trade".

--- 帖子 #185 ---
The red has become blue ;-)

Entered 1/3 of my position as the trend-line is clearly broken now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #186 ---
broke, you arent weary about the US bank holiday yesterday? You dont think once that New York session starts this morning it will continue as it was before it closed?

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Yes, was aware of that.

That could be the case, it could continue like before, but I don't trade that, there is also covid-19, news, etc... you see ?

So I fearless trade what I see on the chart and if it proves me wrong then I will exit, take my loss and prepare for the next.

Now, we had several hour closes out of the trend, I didn't have the momentum I wanted to see and we could even come back under the trend meaning that the break was a fake, that's life. At the same time, I didn't went full in, but only with 1/3 of what will be my final position once the signal is there, so not a big deal getting a loss and still worth the risk for me.

But what is sure is that we didn't get the signal yet ;-)

--- 帖子 #188 ---
New tentative this time with 1/6 of position, plan to add another 1/6 if momentum improves...

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Hello broke, I have been watching this thread for some few weeks and I have adapted the  96SMA for my trading with good results.. Got a good signal on EJ this morning and its its performing as you can see from the chart.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
The blue line is 96SMA

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Yes, have been watching it too, though that EU would follow but not, I'm anyway late now so I think I will pass for this time.

Well done and I hope it will fly for you ;-)

Take care of the daily chart !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Thanks for the chart. I will move my stop to break even. Thanks again for showing me the 96SMA

--- 帖子 #193 ---
You're welcome !

This is how it looks on the H1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This thing has now traveled 100 pips in a straight line since the signal  You are having a good day

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Yes its a pips filled  day. I will just take half of the position off and let the remainder run risk free

--- 帖子 #195 ---
We got our first ray of green light on EU !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #196 ---
I'm like the dog right now...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Intrigued!

--- 帖子 #197 ---
You  have ta really good methodology. Always trust the models.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Finally we got some momentum, the megaphone played and the dog is gone ;-)

We are now in 20-7, the trend is temporary, the time we get a decent Higher Low.

The entry was perfect, a third on anticipation, a third on signal and a third on new high after the second retracement.

It remains to be seen if this is just an impulse retracement or a real correction with it's trend but whatever it is I have to anyway just follow the signal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #199 ---
After a challenging Monday, we are back again testing this little weak trend.

As we are in the early days of it and that my initial entry, which is at 1.08167, being almost at BE, I thought it was appropriate to add some more with a tight stop.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #200 ---
hi broketrader very nice strategy.

i am following this strategy on my live account so far good result.

please tell me where to take profit?

or when we have to close the trade? when ever trend line will be broken or SMA96 ?

--- 帖子 #201 ---
The last moment to exit the trade and take your profits is when you get a contrary signal as already answered in post #182.

A signal is triggered when price crosses Sma96 and SRSI is at >40 for longs or <60 for shorts.

The trend line serves as confirmation or early signal meaning that if you see for example the trend-line broken, you could close half of your trade and the other half on contrary signal.

That said, if you have personal goals per trade or that you reached your profit target for that trade or are afraid, tired, impatient, or simply happy with your profits, then, take your profits, be happy and relax, there will be another trade coming in the next days, for sure!

--- 帖子 #202 ---
I'm quite curious about the logic you use to add to position, looks like you are pyramiding, adding more risk as price goes in your favour, but I'm afraid that if you don't use SL is just a matter of time another disaster may occur, am I wrong?

Just asking, this way of trading is quite simple and I think it can be profitable but it lacks something and I don't know what it is.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
You're not wrong, if you look at my last trades, they all have stop losses, that I have just updated by the way...

For the first two I added them at trend-line touch, that was the only logic behind it, for the second pair I added recently it's different as I'm experimenting different things that I don't want to develop yet.

That said, if you read the first post, I say on Money Management that everyone has to take his own risk according to his own goals, I don't know if there is more to say about that, I mean, if you follow the system and enter once, on signal, and keep your trade till new signal, I think that you will just be fine. Pyramiding is not part of the system, but only part of my own risk.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Thanks a lot for the explanation boss  crystal clear

--- 帖子 #205 ---
This time, had to close, maybe too early but that 1h pin bar was too big !

--- 帖子 #206 ---
you have made a very good system

i dont know why are you not following your system.

euruusd is still in buy according to system but you have added a sell trade.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Follow the system, not me, and now you see that I'm out of that short, and sorry but I don't have to justify to you or anyone else why I do this or that.

Hope it's clear.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Now that volatility seems back to normal, I entered again where I left but with a much lower size that I can ride till the end, maybe you see better now why I took the exit...

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Maybe a picture is better than a thousand words...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Hey bro, nice job your doing,how do you insert this script on trading view? Am using mobile

seen how to do it

did it on the trading view website pine editor

copy, paste and save!

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Waouh! What a run !!!

Daily downtrend in red is gone, now we are at the door of area of resistance 1.1000

If this get cleared too, I see 1.1090 next !

Think that are still euro shorts out there, it will be day of margin calls !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Me saying that it was a little weak trend and now it has just gone parabolic !

I terminate the month in the green so I'm happy but again I didn't manage very well my exits because of those volatility peaks. It was like I wasn't trusting my own system, what a dumb I am! And that means that I have to work on that !

And the trend is still there sky rocketing like there is no tomorrow...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #213 ---
I closed out my long EU early. Missed most of the up move.  I need to lwork on exitit  rules to avoid  leaving money on the table. We ve got a really  good system here. Thanks. We wait for the reversal signal.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Yes, but at least you got some profit. It's always easy to say after the fact, when we are in, our emotions work on us (at least on me) and we become a bit irrational and it's normal, we are humans not robots.

Be happy if you got some profits because, trust me, there were some accounts blown up this week !

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Thanks for your emcouraging words.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
A view of February Trends.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Some top bottom analysis for the week ahead and thoughts for the next trade.

The monthly chart shows, first, a false breakout of last September low, and second, a bullish pin bar. Two signs that March should be bullish for the euro.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The weekly chart looks bullish too. A bullish pin bar touching the low of the channel followed by the past week big candle. I think that we are now due for some correction before the weekly bull continue its course.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The daily shows the break of the last known down trend in solid red. Now, if we correct somehow the last week run, Friday high will form a new swing high and will become the second point of a new daily down trend shown by the dotted red line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the hourly chart, the recent vertical run makes the situation difficult for the next short entry.

We need time to see the kind of formation and momentum that we will have now at this top.

If the price falls slowly, giving time for the Sma96 to catch up, we could have a not too risky entry, even being above the trend line.

On the contrary, having a more violent movement, will require caution or even wait for a retracement before considering an entry.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Have a nice week and Good luck to all with your trades !

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Looking at MT4 Terminal, I saw an error in the SmaRSI96 indicator (MT4 version only), so I corrected and improved it a little bit...

Please download the new version below.

Before, old version :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After, new version :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   SmaSRSI96.mq4

12 KB
|
754 downloads

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hi broketrader, do you think it is good to re-enter a short position of EURJPY?

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Hi 24moonbridge, technically speaking, its very near the MA, so yes it could be a good opportunity.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Thanks man!

--- 帖子 #222 ---
You're welcome but be careful if you take a position on it! I think that with the covid-19, we're not living normal times right now !

--- 帖子 #223 ---
People, given the strength, I think that we are in front of a major monthly move, something in the range of 400 to 1K pips if nothing changes on the covid front !

I will try to build slowly a position risking only $100 ( 100 pips @ 0.1 lots ) at any given time given the volatility, and at least until we have a signal for a bear trend...

--- 帖子 #224 ---
I love this system to bits! If I follow the basic rules alone I should be in profit on a regular! I am going live this month on the sell signal(when it shows)

Thanks broketrader!

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Very nice and you are welcome

Wish you the best of luck with the future live trades

--- 帖子 #226 ---
greetings broketrader., from first your thread I follow it and I always see your updates.
thank you for the indicators that you shared in this thread, it was very helpful what you made for the eurusd analysis. Your analysis is easy to understand and very helpful.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
120+ pips already traveled so far today, with no doubt the big money is moving and fast !

Added to position as we are soon breaking the weekly channel !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And the time to write the post, the channel, is gone !

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Thank you! Compared with this new version, I found this different behaviour of the pine script (also when the stoch-rsi is inbetween the 40-60 levels):

The mt4 version seems ok to me...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Thanks for looking at it, on my side, I have both identical, inline with what you have and both seem correct to me.

Please be more precise about where you see an error so I can have a microscopic look at it, thanks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Crap, what I have just seen now is that the MA color is inverted on the MT4 indicator !

It's a small detail but here you have the indicator corrected.
Attached File(s)   SmaSRSI96.mq4

12 KB
|
855 downloads

--- 帖子 #230 ---
This is what I get with the new indicator you just posted, (please ignore the extra "smart money tracker" ma's) wonder what's going on...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Any issue with it ? For me it looks fine !

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Well, at the vertical line yours goes blue (same as in my TW), mine keeps on green....

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Maybe your broker has different closing prices, which makes the calculation of SRSI different...

Look at the value of SRSI at red line in your picture, it's almost at 60

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

While on mine it's still well below 60 at same position

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So...

On yours, price goes below SMA but SRSI >= 60 => no change in signal, it remains bullish.

On mine, price goes below SMA AND SRSI < 60 => signal changes to bearish.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Hi, this thread is about EURUSD, eventually EURJPY, not about USDCAD and/or resistances, please delete your post (Edit > Delete), thanks !

--- 帖子 #235 ---
That explains it! I changed the data provider to ICE on TW and now it's in sync...

Thanks again! Nice system.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Nice performance again, -40% the first two days of March and all non system trades, I should really stop that crap trading !

Remember, this is what happens when you don't trade your system !
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

See you on next signal for better days...

--- 帖子 #237 ---
I'm still looking for other pairs to trade to diversify and not lose patience when waiting for a signal as I'm not happy with EJ because it's half EU with the volatility of the Yen.

And this without altering the parameters of the indicator because I want to keep things simple, even, eventually having some minor whipsaws.

The best I have found so far is the S&P 500 Index (US500) that I can trade through a CFD.

It looks promising so I will give it a try in the coming days/weeks, I found also interesting to trade the movements of the stock market as well.

This is how it looks compared to EU.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looks perfectly tradeable, but a picture being always nice, that remains to be seen live.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Trust me I'm the last person to give advice and this is NOT advice!

I would suggest that you keep taking your crap trades but just on a different account.

Keep your system trades on that one account. The results should be amazing plus you can still enjoy yourself which is sort of the meaning of life right there.

Cheers

Anthony

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Oh man.. Probably you should try SunnyCoast’s advise to do the experimental or impulsive trades in another account

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Thanks both for the non advice that I will take as advice  and for the kind words

I think that it could be a great idea and I even have a cent account that just waits for that. There is just one thing that I don’t like in it which is that in fact you don’t really fix the issue you just move it to another place and the day you get bored with that and you stop, you still have that habit there waiting to blow your next trade…

But I’m optimistic by nature, I don’t give up easily and I really think that in life, every problem has a solution, I have the habit of saying that there is only the death that is deathly, for the rest it will be okay.

In the meantime I had another idea that I just started, I don’t know if I will get rid of my issue with it or not, we will see… that idea is to count the consecutive days that I don’t take any impulsive trade and I will reward myself $5 for each of those days, the resulting amount will be paid at the end of the year, kind of bonus for having traded, let’s say, professionally, just by the system. Bonus that would have been lost anyway if I had left the bad trades rolling on.

You see, one must get creative and I’m not empty of ideas to try, I will keep yours too, thanks for that, because I think it could help during some transition period maybe, just in case, if I get really impatient, we never know...

To conclude, there is another saying not from me but that I like a lot…

“In the end, it will be okay, if it’s not okay, it’s not the end…”

--- 帖子 #241 ---
I love your attitude. I think that is what makes a trader successful. I also like the fact that you share your live trading account performance and facts too. Please keep it up!

--- 帖子 #242 ---
My MT4 is freezing if I upload the indicator. Anybody else with this problem?

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Hello folks, new signal in the making. I think EurUsd is touching 96SMA on 1 Hr chart. Waiting for a close below the MA to enter short on EurUsd.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Yes, 20-7 & 20-7" tsunamis look like they are terminating but I'm still worried because it could be too early as we are right now at trend support...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Follow the system "only"

--- 帖子 #246 ---
News giving me a heart attack!

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Yes, it was crazy today with swings of 100 pips in the blink of an eye

But look how the signal put us on the right side from the beginning !

Happy to have restored the account (again) and now with a normally sized trade until new signal !

Congrats if you could keep your position, because I know that it was very hard !

--- 帖子 #248 ---
I must say that you got yourself a very good system here, I have been following you for about a month now and I'm very impressed with this strategy... Thank you for sharing it

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Thank you and you're welcome !

After the huge 20-7 and 20-7" trends that finally came to an end 2 days ago, we are now in 20-8, the 8th trend of the year.

I messed on 20-7 because I re-entered too late and with all the volatility that followed I put at risk my initial trade which forced me to exit just to try to reenter later as I thought that this thing would fly into the sky, but damn how hard it was and trying to do so I just managed to have losses.

That shows that it's important to build the position at the beginning of the signal eventually being prepared to be in negative territory for a while until the SMA turns and never enter later. Lesson to be learned for future trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #250 ---
On trading view there is a nice "Historical Volatility" indicator which clearly shows that we are not living normal times.

I know, we all know that now, but I thought that it was nice to have a post about it.

As shown in the chart below, we are now at around 4, while during all 2019 it barely went over 2 !

A good indication that I will certainly use from now to adapt my lot size in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #251 ---
We have just broken the trend-line and SMA could follow suit very soon, still SRSI is low meaning that the signal, if any, will come well after the cross.

I have integrated the historical volatility into SRSI, I will use it to adapt my lot size accordingly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #252 ---
False alert!

The down trend 20-8 is well in place now and this time I anticipated nothing! It looks like I have learned something from the past and also just having more and more trust in the system.

The volatility is still high and I expect the leftovers of my initial trade to make a nice result by the time I close them so I'm just relaxed watching the movie.

No need to be greedy and enter for more, I will just wait the next trend turn.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #253 ---
And now is just a matter of adjusting the TL and wait

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Exactly that

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Broketrader, may I ask you if you could share the colour template of your tradingview? hahaha Love it

--- 帖子 #256 ---
No problem, how you do that ?

--- 帖子 #257 ---
It looks like that there is no "export theme/template" utility in trading view, if you find it let me know, otherwise I will just tell you "manually" which colors I use...

--- 帖子 #258 ---
So for the colors, first, in the main menu on top left, select dark theme.

Then,

Chart settings => appearance:

Background Color: #20272f

No vert, Horz grid lines => set opacity to 0%

Scales text: #d9d9d9

Scales lines: #787878

Crosshair: #758696

Watermark: No

Navigation Buttons: Visible on Mouse Over

Top Margin: 10, Bottom:8, Right:20

Chart Settings => Symbol

Here I use the gray scale only and give the position of the selected box from left (white)

There are 2 values left is for bull candle, right for the bear one.

Bodies: 5 8

Borders: 2 6

Wick: 3 6

Last Value Line: 6

I think you have it all there.

Find also below SRSI indicator with Historical volatility for 1H Time Frame
Attached File(s)   SRSI96-HV48.txt

5 KB
|
391 downloads

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Hi Broker Trader,

Following your trades and I must say you have done a great job by providing such simplicity way of trading for all of us here.

Would you mind sharing a bit on how to use the historical volatility in adjusting lot sizing? or is there other use to this system? I am actually trying to incorporate the system with ATR since it represent volatility itself, but perhaps the historical vol has its edge that I havent found yet.

Cheers,

WF

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Hi Wind!

I don't have a precise usage with it, not a formula that I apply to calculate a lot size, more a tool to have an instantaneous of current volatility conditions to eventually help in adjusting the lot size or stay calm with a current trade.

I think that the ATR can do the job too, what I prefer in HV personally is that it's an absolute value, while ATR is floating, you have to look in the past to compare, while I already have adjusted HV to show in red, meaning that volatility is at or near maximum, it's instantaneous.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Hello! This is cool, but please tell me how to apply the srsi96-hv48 ndicator with the .txt extension in mt4?

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Post 242 has an MT4 file

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Better Timed Entries

I have been working on my position building when signal arises and also on finding a method for better timing those entries while at the same time keeping things as simple as possible and not adding additional different indicator formulas. So I forced myself to reuse SRSI but on a lower time frame and of course different period and smooth values.

As everything in life, it's not perfect but watching at all trades in 2020 so far, it seems to really work quite well.

Here are my findings and the method I will use to build my position on next signal.

The chart below shows the last signal that we got for the 20-8 trend which is still in progress.

The time frame of the chart is 5 min. and on the SRSI window, there is the SRSI-96 (1H) in bold light pink and the new SRSI-168 5 min. in thin blue.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The pink circles show the 3 "waves" that I will use to build my position.

At wave 0, "The signal wave", SRSI-168 is in a depressed state, signaling a rebound from there, this rebound will form wave 1.

The peak of wave 1 is when SRSI-168 reaches or approaches the upper limit of the indicator, the dotted bold gray line.

Then you wait an entire cycle to have the peak of wave 2 and terminate building your position

The idea is to divide by 3 what would be the final position and then enter on those waves. Eventually giving more weight to waves 1 and 2, being the optimal ones, it's still important to enter on wave zero in all cases as you never know whether you will have a retracement or not (waves 1,2), and it's important to not miss the initial signal.

The SRSI96-HV48 script for Trading View that I posted previously, has the 5 min. SRSI-168 built in already, it will appear magically ;-) when you switch to 5 min time frame. I will post the updated MT4 indicator soon...

--- 帖子 #264 ---
sorry but how to apply the script SRSI96-HV48 .txt with historical volatility

--- 帖子 #265 ---
When you are on Trading View, click on "Pine Editor" and replace the text by the one provided, and save.

If you're new to Trading View I encourage you to watch or read the tutorials and documentation out there, there is plenty.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
I have a secondary 20-8 trend in place, 20-8"

If this one gets broken, I will put an end to my current trade and prepare for 20-9

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dumb People, "Olympic Games 2020, more than 50K people flock to see the flame"

"Despite the coronavirus pandemic, tens of thousands of people saw the Olympic flame in Japan on Saturday. Over 50,000 people flocked to Sendai station in Miyagi Prefecture where the flame was exposed in a golden cauldron"

--- 帖子 #268 ---
The trend line was broken, it's a bit early to be in but I'm in lightly, and plan to add if SRSI improves and that we don't see a new low...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #269 ---
We are again under trend line and it's again acting as resistance .

On the 5 min. front, we had a low at 1.0638 marked by a SRSI168 low.

If a new SRSI-168 low doesn't makes a lower low, then it could be a good opportunity to add a long...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Added in anticipation of incoming signal, I have now to not be too aggressive and wait for next waves as per post #276

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Buy signal validated.......

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Yeah! Nice move while asleep !

Seeing EU weakening yesterday evening, I was thinking about a fake movement but now the signal validates my early entries.

Again, 20-8 was a very nice trend that traveled 500 pips over 13 days. I didn't trade it perfectly given the early and heavy positions I took but I still managed to make a new high on my account, so I'm happy because of that and also because I see some progress with my trading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The plan for the next trade is to enter using the waves principle I explained in post #276

The Wave Zero or Signal Wave is done, waiting now Wave One to add to position...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Hey broketrader! Still in love with the system! Kindly assist i n the link to the 15m Indicator that shows the early entry. I have searched to no avail. Thanks

P.s

You have made 2020 for the likes of me!

Bororo

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Hi Bororo,

Glad you enjoy it, the indicator is at post #271,  keep in mind that it's for TradingView only.

I'm not updating it for MT4 but you can get the one at post #118 and change the input parameters to 168, 168, 10, 10, on the 5 min. time frame and have the same result, just be careful as it will freeze temporarily the terminal at beginning if you have too much bars in the chart.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Wave 1 completed.

I have this annoying tendency to enter too early because of the fear off missing out the trade. Hopefully I entered small at the beginning and bigger at bottom of the wave. I just removed my bad entries now that we are at top of it, maybe will add more at wave 2 and if so, try to do better...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Hey there,

I'm new to this strategy and I can't figure out how to display the SMA on the 5m chart on tradingview. Do you use the same file attached in the thread on both chart 5m and h1, or you're using a different setting for the 5m?

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Hi, yes, I forgot that I made a multi time-frame version of it, please take this one...

Edit: Corrected file
Attached File(s)   SmaSRSI96v6.txt

8 KB
|
378 downloads

--- 帖子 #278 ---
No more entries, I need to relax a bit now. I got all my entries as planned, in waves 0,1 and 2.

On wave 2, this time I did very well! waited until almost last moment and even felt that the low below the trend line was a fake so I immediately took 1.2 lots just to see the price rocket 40+ pips just after that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I just hope now that the trend gets some momentum, I will try to ride it to the end...

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Hi broketrader,

just want to post to say thank you for your system. It is very interesting. I don´t share the money management you use since it is very aggressive for me, but this is very personal. Hope you continue with this thread long time.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Hi Patas,

You're welcome!

Yes, the only thing to focus on, is the system itself, nothing else maters ! As I said on the first post, Money Management with all that goes around is at each own discretion !

--- 帖子 #281 ---
please upload your latest mt4 tempelate.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Sorry but I don't have any template for MT4 as I don't use MT4 to trade, only Trading View.

The links to the latest versions of the indicators have been updated in post #1 but there is nothing more or new than what I have posted already.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Thank you for taking the time to make the mt4 indicators.

Nice results and good luck with you system and the next couple of swings.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Wow! I was hoping for some momentum after my last entry just to see this thing skyrocket 250+ pips in a single day ! That was some momentum !

It looked so weak when I entered that I wasn't expecting that, but if you look at 20-8 it's the same repeating story.

I have acquired one simple mental trick which is to be on the side of the signal and trust it even if the chart at that moment seems to say another story !

AND THIS IS THE ONE SINGLE THING THAT I HAVE TO DO!

So we are now in 20-9 trend. Will it be as wild as 20-8 or just a one event impulse ? Nobody knows, and as you maybe think, of course I'm tempted of taking those huge profits before the weekend but hopefully, I have some margin, well, at least now, we will see at the end of the day...

I have the idea in mind that this run up could last one week more and peak with the NFP numbers of next Friday, so my plan is to keep the trade until next Friday if I can, the difficult part will be when my current profits will be threaten by the inevitable pullbacks that we will have in between, let's see if I can endure them, stay calm and with the trend...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Very good thread, subscribed! I spent 2 days to read the entire post, now I think it's time to execute what I've learnt. Thank you so much broketrader, green pips to you.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
broketrader Thanks for sharing!  This year will be a year of great trend movements.  Your system is very well suited for this.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Thank you!

I hope you will succeed with it

--- 帖子 #288 ---
As we are now at the bottom of the wave, given my floating profits, I can afford to add a bit more with a fixed risk of $100, 0.33 lots with 30 pips SL.

All is under control, I will continue to add the same on the way up every 30 pips with the same risk.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
You're welcome!

Yes, at least that was the case util now with the system signaling them very nicely! Let's hope that it will continue...

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Hello guys.

Nice indi and trading system btw.

Can someone code an alert and email notification based on color change?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Good day sir broketrader can you please help me how can I add into my indicator the MyStochRSI in my trading view

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Finally I couldn't resist adding more at bottom of following wave, I was feeling that the day would close at the highs, and it didn't failed.

Again, the SRSI on the 5 min time frame showed me where/when to enter, and that was exactly at a new low of the renewed trend 20-9"

Having some 140+ pips of margin from my last buy, I decided to keep all over the weekend and eventually resist any negative gap, we'll see...

No trading next week, I have been aggressive enough and all my entries are perfectly positioned.

If the trend continues as expected, my goal is to keep all my positions until Friday, maybe closing partially or not right before the NFP, I will evaluate at that moment.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Hello kaizen!

Follow these simple steps...

1. Go to trading View Site, and create a free account (click on the "JOIN FOR FREE" button), you need it to save your chart layout.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2. Then, once you log in the fist time, you will land on this page:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3. On the ticker search-bar, type in EURUSD [enter], you will land on this page:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4. Click on the "Full-featured chart" button and you will get the EURUSD chart like this or similar...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5. There, click on the "Pine Editor" button on the bottom of the screen.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

6. An editor pops up, erase all the text in it, and copy/paste the code I have provided.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Click Save and give a name to the script. Repeat this process for each of the scripts SmaSRSI and SRSI and you're done.

7. Save your layout so each time that you launch Trading View you have your chart with the indicators in it.

Click on top left menu and "Save layout"

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Once you have done all that, you can change the colors and plenty of things that you will have to find by yourself, just know that you can save that in your layout just by pressing Ctrl+S.

And when done, bookmark the page on your browser for easier access.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Sir,

Below few query from me.

Thanks in advance for answers below query.

Risk% how much?

How maintain trailing stop loss and how measure sl point?

Is every entry h1 or another tf? If yes which?

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Thank you very much sir!

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Thank you very much sir

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Well, I'm done for now, I made some tentatives to re-enter after the cross of the trend-line but it's very weak today so it could be changing direction.

Just added 0.5 lots to stay with the signal until it changes direction and even if it appears later than I'm now out too early, I'm anyway happy with the profits which should remain at about 200+ % for the month. Time to let things cool down and prepare for the next.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #298 ---
If I have ignored your post, is because the response to your questions are already in the thread.

So please read at least the first 10 pages of the thread before posting already answered questions, thanks!

--- 帖子 #299 ---
If you don't understand what you read, then, you should start there !

And if you ask again, I will put you, and your questions, out of here.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
I know that for new people following here, it could seem counter-intuitive to be long while the price has only be down since yesterday.

What I'm doing here is just following the system and even if I'm wrong from the result point of view I'm still right from the system point of view and that's what count!

In an couple of hours we will know if we have a sell signal or not, we are just at the limit now.

Please also note that there is a mistake in SRSI96-HV48 from post #271, its smoothK value (variable S60K) was 30 instead of 10 so it was not fully in sync with SmaSRSI96

Not really crucial as it's SmaSRSI96  who gives the signal but good to have it right, my apologies.

You can correct by yourself the value of the variable (you have to save the script and the layout) or simply get this new version corrected.

Attached File(s)   SRSI96-HV48.txt

5 KB
|
304 downloads

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Trend 20-9 is over as we just got the signal for 20-10

First entry with 0.5 lots, planning to add more on following waves...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Thank you BT, I am in...

--- 帖子 #303 ---
I hope you haven't entered your full position yet. As long as SRSI is not below 40, the signal is not locked!

I mean, if price jumps above SMA96, with SRSI above 40 we will have a long signal, so be careful, you can always add later on waves 1 and 2

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Hi BrokeTrader

I like your trading system.

Thanks for sharing your idea and indi's.

Subscribed.

Regards

EZ

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Thank you and Welcome !

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Amazing system and realistic

Subscribe

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Thanks and enjoy !

--- 帖子 #308 ---
I took one trade at the break-out, now there is a pullback at the trendline

--- 帖子 #309 ---
As long as the signal remains blue (short), you are ok.

At beginning of trends, pullbacks to SMA-96 and even beyond are normal things, that's why you have to split your entry in 3 and enter at waves zero (like you and I did) and then wait waves one and two like explained in post #276

I missed the wave 1 because I wanted to see SRSI-168 (5m) to be at, or over, 95 but it didn't happen and the the price suddenly fall.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Yes, that's what I did, I also entered wave one but a bit late.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
I think that we need to be careful, the two waves are too near, personally I will wait before entering again, too much noise right now thanks to the Fed...

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Finally entered that second wave one, but I'm not giving it much credit, I could be out of it very quickly if price remains above sma...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit:

As I thought, I had to close that position, price wants to stay over sma and I don't want to keep it overnight.

For the first entry, I will wait bull trend signal to exit.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Hey BT- I've been following now for a little bit of time but I can see so much potential in your strategy. I was doing some testing and I noticed something. Along with your wave theory on the HV.. There is a clear 'S' pattern on each trend change. The main theory behind is is that before a proper trend reversal there are 4 touch points--- 2 MA touches on both sides of the MA as seen in the screenshots. It's inverses when going from uptrend to downtrend vs down to up and you enter the trade on the 4th touch. We are in the middle of one now so I will test this theory. But check out the screenshots. I'd love to know what you think.

-Brian

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Hi dorkstorm,

Thanks for your enthusiasm and your research.

I see two scenarios:

1. You want to use those S patterns to have a confirmation of trend change, and trade only after that, then, you are creating a derivative system from this original one, and I won't support or encourage that simply because I don't want to deviate from my original system.

Understand that for me it's important to stick to the original system and nothing else and this without trying perpetually to improve it with filters or anything that I know by experience won't work.

2. If you use the S patterns to make more accurate and progressive entries like I do with the waves, then for me it's OK, I think that everyone has to find it's own way to be comfortable with its entries and the risk they carry.

Thank you and welcome !

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Following along even if not posting regularly.

Small lots for testing.

Good luck to all!

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Me too seriously following, so far good

--- 帖子 #317 ---
That's the way to go

Grow bit by bit your confidence in the system, Good luck !

Good luck to you too !

Regarding my trading, I re-entered wave 1 that I closed yesterday, it looks like it was at the right moment...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Added a long to lock my profits as we are now at the bottom of the wave, kind of insurance ..., I'm a little bit experimenting here...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit: It looks like it was a false rebound, insurance sold ;-)

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Let's see how it plays out

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Already sold for $16 profit, it was a false rebound and I prefer that.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
nice

--- 帖子 #322 ---
I closed all trades and this is my result so far in this week, I've been aggressive little bit also bought when at dips, but results are really good, thank you BT. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Well done, congratulations ! As the old saying goes "you can't go broke taking profits"

Next time maybe instead of closing everything, keep a small fraction of the trade in the direction of the signal till the end of it, even if it is 0.01 lot, just to see how it goes, you will see, it's quite difficult but it teaches you patience !

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Now that we have made a new low on a closing basis we can draw our trend-line 20-10

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #325 ---
BROKETRADER

thank you for the simple tradeable system.for 5 min chart what are the parameters you use

--- 帖子 #326 ---
It's in post #276

--- 帖子 #327 ---
thank you

--- 帖子 #328 ---
1

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #330 ---
hi broketrader,did you set sl these two orders? i set them sl at 1.10412.and let them runing

--- 帖子 #331 ---
intresting, im in

thank you for sharing

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Please share this indicator. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Got my third and last entry for this trend.

Not the best level considering we where just below the trend line but I wasn't in front of the screen at that moment...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Hi BrokeTrader, thank you for sharing your strategy.

I have been following you for about a week and I read the whole post calmly.

I think I understand all your reasoning apart from what you do for M5.

In this last post of yours, you write that you made it to your third entry but I don't understand which is the first.

The second and third are wave 1-2 respectively but the first?

Wave zero?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Ciao Francesco!

Hope things are getting better in Italy

Yes, the first entry in on signal, wave zero, second on wave 1, and third on wave 2, please re-read post #276

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Thanks a lot! We are recovering here. Some glimmers of light start to be seen!

I read the post more carefully and now I understand.

Another thing I just can't explain.

Your SRSI seems faster to me than I have in MT4.

As you can see from the image, I cut it about 3 hours later.

Thanks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Hopefully !

You are using an old version of MyStochRSI for MT4 (version 2) latest is version 4, Post #1 has up to date links to the latest versions.

Ensure that you have the latest versions of indicators, and if there is still a difference, it could be that you broker has different closing prices than those on TradingView, the platform I use.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Yes I tried to download the v4 but it is identical.

The strange thing is that in M5 it seems correct.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I will certainly find my size equally. I just need to practice some strategy.

I write this in case someone asks me the same question.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
I saw it, sorry I made the same mistake as previously for TradingView.

The right parameters (RsiLength, StochLength,SmoothK,SmoothD) are,

For H1: 96, 96, 10, 6

For M5: 168, 168, 10, 10

The version below has the right default values for H1.

Attached File(s)   MyStochRSIv5.mq4

10 KB
|
370 downloads

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Now we speak the same language. I had missed the correct Myrsi setting.

Now everything comes back to me.

Thanks and good continuation to all

--- 帖子 #341 ---
The terminal hangs from the indicator

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Well done here! Seeing the profits pile up. I have an inherent distrust in things and I left the trade too soon!.. Need to figure out how to reenter

--- 帖子 #343 ---
It hangs the terminal during the first calculation, give it some time or try to reduce the historical and chart bars: tools > options > charts

If you have read the thread, I had that same problem and I lost some feathers when re-entering so be careful.

My advice is to wait next top of the 5 min wave and enter there but only with a fraction of your position, not a full one as after waves 0,1,2 it could be a bit late and don't forget tomorrow if NFP day.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Attached File(s)   SmaSRSI96.mq4

15 KB
|
212 downloads

I modified a couple of strings by removing a for loop and inserting a newbar. In this way the indicator does not work every tick but only the first tick of each new candle.

This way it is lighter.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Thank you, well done !

My skills in MQL are lagging a bit since I left that platform some years ago.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
I also don't understand much about it but I have a friend who helps me.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Yes totally. How will you handle NFP tomorrow? Will you exit positions and watch to see where the trend heads? or stay in?

--- 帖子 #348 ---
I have also modified the MystockRSI to make it lighter.

I remember that the H1 settings are 96-96-10-6. For M5 168-168-10-10

Attached File(s)   MyStochRSIv6.mq4

13 KB
|
182 downloads

--- 帖子 #349 ---
! Ok fellows, this is a new version (6) of MyStochRSI which uses automatically the right parameters when you switch between H1 and M5

Thanks Francesco for the optimizations !
Attached File(s)   MyStochRSIv6.mq4

13 KB
|
608 downloads

--- 帖子 #350 ---
the calcualtion with your indicator is done only once per new bar, correct, but you do the for loop (hardcoded) 1000 times on each new bar - when only the 2-3 last bars are really needed for the calculation.

So I made a version where you can set MaxBarsBack and OnlyOnNewBar in the user input options (last one per default to "false" - not really needed imho for this 2-3 for loops per tick)

Update: Same changes done to MyStochRSIv6.mq4

--- 帖子 #351 ---
If my positions were near break even, I would maybe close partially or totally but at the time of writing, having some 100+ pips of margin I will keep my positions and see. I know that it could seem imprudent or even dumb not taking the profits NOW but while being careful with important news, I just don't trade them.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Hi Guys,

Closed my short for 90pips before NFP tomorrow.

Good luck to all for tomorrow. Doubt I will get back in but will be lurking on here

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Thank you both!

--- 帖子 #354 ---
I think that makes sense. Fortune favors the bold. It will also be a good learning experience to see how the system holds up around NFP. Looking forward to seeing how it all plays out.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
well nevermind

--- 帖子 #356 ---
@Jagg Thanks.

@Broketrader Did you close your open position in wave one?

Can I ask the reason for this management?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #357 ---
I closed the one from wave 2  just because price came back prematurely and didn't liked the price action at that moment, it looked like 1.0900-1.0920 was strong resistance. Well, we all know that it was premature  but the thing is that I entered too late, the right level was 1.0960 and I entered at 1.0946, it's only 14 pips you will say but I just didn't want to risk it and having 2/3 of my final position was OK anyway.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Yes, your reasoning is understandable. So now you have zero wave and one wave.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Yes

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Trend duration and Exits.

I have been thinking on a way of going out of the trade in an orderly manner while at the same time avoiding to get out too early or too late and still ride the trend to its end.

Finally the idea of getting out in the same way as I get in, that is to say in three phases, came to my mind as the perfect compromise.

Looking at the trend duration below, peak to peak, we see that the trend duration goes from 1 to 3 weeks so the idea is to close 30% at the end of first week if possible at the end of a major move in our favor. Then repeat that, another 30% out, during the following week and let the remaining 40% run until a contrary signal appears.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So according to this new rule, being at end of first week, I have just closed 30% of my position right now.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Finding the ideal exit point is always very difficult but a good indication could be the old inversion points for example.

When you open position instead how do you adjust to protect yourself?

Opening the position in the zero wave the price then went back 90+ pips. How do you usually regulate yourself?

--- 帖子 #362 ---
I don't know what do you mean by protect or regulate, let's say that the best way I have found to mitigate the risk in the beginning is to divide what will be my final position by 3 and enter progressively on signal and waves 1,2 like explained previously.

Now, I think you are confounding wave zero and signal, the wave zero is not the signal, the signal is when the Sma96 changes color which is sometimes in sync with wave zero, but it wasn't in this present trade. So the negative territory was 45 pips, not 90+, the signal came before the wave.

Then you have to calculate your lot size so that if even on negative territory for 50-100 pips you can still add on wave 1 and 2 while at the same time your losses are in check in case you are stopped out by a contrary signal. For example in this trade I entered 0.5 lots, so multiplied by 50 pips were 250$ floating loss, acceptable on an account of 10K, then I entered again at wave 1 while the first trade was still a loss some 30 pips, and then both turned green.

The key is to have confidence in the system, and trade by the rules, more easy said than done I agree, and accept to have losses from time to time, it's inevitable, it will happen.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Yes I have not yet understood this.

Could you take a screen of the first entry?

After cutting the average in H1 do you go to M5 and expect the color change?

I miss this step sorry

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Playing around with your strategy- its true. Trusting the system and the process is just part of the game. If you do it works out very well and I can attest to it now. I've actually been messing around on GBPUSD as it is fairly good with your system. It actually just changed color and I'm at 100+ pips already and theres very good movement on the short. I recognize this is EURUSD only however so I am watching very closely.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Maybe it's more clear with this...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Be careful with GBPUSD, I know that this system can "sometimes" work on it, like on other pairs as well, I was also trading EURJPY in the beginning, but I finally forgot it, it was too volatile like GBPUSD is. I have chosen now to only trade EU, and looking at the results, there is no need to look elsewhere.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
I'll take your word for it

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Ok now I understand everything and I found an error in the SMA.

I am attaching a screen shot of the error. Now I have put the default settings 96-96-96-10-10.

Can you check with yours?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   SmaSRSI96.mq4

16 KB
|
262 downloads

I also have another question regarding risk management.

Let's assume that my risk is $ 250.

The point is that if I open 1 lot with 25 pips against I will have burnt the $ 250 but with 0.50 lots no.

How do you base your inputs? How many pips against do you assume before closing?

I hope I have formulated the question correctly. My english is not the best.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
I tried on GBPUSD, quite good performance, but will it work for long term?

--- 帖子 #370 ---
You were right about the indicator, it's an error, I will clean up and verify things again during this weekend and post new renamed versions so people don't get confused with all the versions out there. Thank you!

On the risk question, I handle things quite simply, first, as you could see I don't use stop loss, why ? because my mental stops are quite far away, 100 pips is a good margin, that's what I use, and then I risk 10-15% of account for a full position at 100 pips loss.

Now dividing the trade by 3 is what helps you to stay calm on the first entry because as you divide the size by 3, you multiply your stop loss by 3 for the same risk, so you enter the trade and can go sleep without any worry because your trade has to go 300 pips against you to be a failure not counting that the signal will certainly tell you to exit well before that.

As an example consider the current trade...

Balance = ~ 10 K

Full position planed initially = 1.5 lots

Total risk at 100 pips loss = 1.5 * 10 * 100 = 1500

Total risk = 1500 / 10000 = 15% of balance

Entry 1: = 0.5 lots, total=0.5 lots, pips margin at full risk = 1500 / (0.5*10) = 300 pips

Entry 2: = 0.5 lots, total=1 lot, pips margin at full risk = 1500 / (1*10) = 150 pips

Entry 3: = 0.5 lots, total=1.5 lots, pips margin at full risk = 1500 / (1.5*10) = 100 pips

Now, you can have a look at where those stops are in the chart...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #371 ---
I've put together an "all in one" package/template including a new MTF MyStochRSI indicator version.

SmaSRSI96 in main chart and the MyStochRSI indicator lines in subwindow are programmed in a way they only show when we are in a M5 or H1 chart (nothing is shown when we aren't)!

The MTF indicator version shows you the H1 (pink) and M5 (blue) StochRSI lines when you are in a M5 chart - also the SmaSRSI96 representation in the main chart shows the H1 status when in the M5 chart.

Update: small bug fixed in v2 - so please only download v2!!!

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Thanks for the contribution !

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Ok now your reasoning is clear to me.

The more you increase the exposure and the closer you stop, still maintaining a minimum distance of 100 pips.

Perfect thanks

--- 帖子 #374 ---
I have updated post #1 with the latest versions of the Indicators that I use (version 7).

Both work now on time frames H1 and M5 only (MT4) an are optimized as per Francesco and Jagg modifications, thank you both for your contributions !

--- 帖子 #375 ---
the mt4 is not showing up on the one hr. its only showing on the 5mins

i mean SmaSRS196-v7

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Everything works correctly for me

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Hi, I watched this forum branch for a couple of months, the system is super. I noticed that The smasrsi96 indicator settings do not save the SMA line color and background settings, they are constantly reset to default, when changing the timeframe. And the indicator MyStochRSI, fly off the line type settings, and the color of the levels. And this bug goes from version to version. It is very inconvenient, because I have, say, a different vision of color design.

By the way, the indicator posted by Jagg has the same glitch.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
This looks great! Any chance of it for tradingview? Specifically the color changes and on chart indicator dots :$

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Hi Jagg,

Thanks for the indies.

Would you mind sharing the mq4 files for the SMA and the StochRSI please.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Read from post 1 on page 1 until now to get the full theory behind it.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
sure, no problem... SMA is still more or less the version from this thread and for the MTF StochRSI indicator I modified an MTF RSI indicator from mladen.

For this you have to use my template/indicators above.

BUT these dots are only a representation in the main chart when StochRSI level from M5 reaching >95 / <5 OB/OS levels - nothing special.

Made them editable in the new versions below... All-In-One-Package also updated with these new versions!

@broketrader I i didn't want to disturb your thread here (when more questions regarding my used templates comes in) - so feel free to contact me if you don't want me to post it here.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Well, I think that if people don't bother to read the thread to try to figure out its value and then are suddenly worried by some newly appeared dots, because they think they need them, I'll tell you, I don't care if you waste your time in responding to that.

That said, I don't want either the thread to be flooded by explanations to people to whom you have to say the exact moment at which they have to press the button to buy or sell because more explanations or decorations on the chart won't be of any help if they haven't figured it out already.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Thanks for spotting this defect, the indicators have been corrected and post #1 updated.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
hi broke trader! your my hero!

i have downloaded the latest version 8 of the smasrs96 and i am still having difficulty loading it on my mt4! it refuses to show on the chart but shows on the 5mins chart only

is there a setting i need to do? help me

i use mt4 build 1260(version 4)
fxtm broker

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Hi Bororo, it's working fine on mine so I don't understand what's going on on your platform...

Try this...

Go in the code and replace the following:
Inserted Code       if( Period() == PERIOD_H1 ){
SmaLength        = 96;
SRSILength       = 96;
SmoothK          = 10;
SmoothD          = 6;
}
else if( Period() == PERIOD_M5 ){
SmaLength        = 96*12;
SRSILength       = 96*12;
SmoothK          = 10*12;
SmoothD          = 6*12;
}
else{
return 0;
}

by this:

Inserted Code       if( Period() == PERIOD_M5 ){
SmaLength        = 96*12;
SRSILength       = 96*12;
SmoothK          = 10*12;
SmoothD          = 6*12;
}
else{
SmaLength        = 96;
SRSILength       = 96;
SmoothK          = 10;
SmoothD          = 6;
}

This will force the drawing on all time-frames but it will only be valid on H1 & M5

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Thank you broketrader for this thread, i subscribed since the beginning of the thread, observing and watching how the system works, thanks for sharing the system. it really has a good edge, when someone obey and remain discipline to the rules of the system. more green pips to you sir. thanks.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
They are only there in M5

1) Download the updated package #398

2) Overwrite all existing files

3) Open an EURUSD chart and apply the template from my zip

4) switch to M5 - dots should be there

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Ok, so now in addition to confusion, you're adding your own rules, you're out !

--- 帖子 #389 ---
just read everything from page 1 and use some critical thinking, my friend.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Why, when changing the settings in the code SmaSRSI96, the display of the indicator on the chart does not change?

--- 帖子 #391 ---
And why do you ask anything after unsubscribing from a thread ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #392 ---
thanks did it

but now it shows on every other time frame except the 1hr! WTF! noticed also it shows on other currency pairs 1hr time frame!........... i have put the last version back for now

pulling out hair moment!

--- 帖子 #393 ---
When have you heard about channels here ?

Nevermind, I won't give you a chance to respond.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
I'm just playing a little bit with the 30% trade stake I took out last week and re-entered as it seems that the trend is resuming its course...

--- 帖子 #395 ---
If you look at the 5m chart, we got a new low wave but price didn't made a new low, so I closed my previous re-entry + 10% of my initial trade.

I'm just micro-managing my exit...

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Have applied your indicators to tradingview. mine doesnt look like yours though.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Read post 306

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Nice thread and system. I subscribed both on you and the thread. Good work. I will follow this thread closely and try to implement the system in my trading.

Thanks @Broketrader

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Hi Brokertrader, I have been following your thread from the start and wanted to say thank you so much for sharing it, i truly appreciate everything you have done

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Finally I closed the trade on 20-10, I still wanted to keep 20% but I closed all by error, was doing it on my phone...

Both trends 20-10 and 20-10" were broken on a hourly closing but as long as there is no signal, all this could be a fake move or a bull trap so if price goes back under trend, I could very well consider a short, re-enter what I have just closed, we'll see...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Welcome Maroc-Ismael and Forex5151 and good luck

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Hello BT, there is a new buy signal on EU. Am in.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
We are beyond Sma-96 and SRSI is approaching 40 so we should get the signal in a couple hours I think...

Now, the 5m SRSI is at maximum, which is usual when the signal comes in, so I think I will enter conservatively specially if I see the price travelling slowly to the bottom of the wave, still too early to know.

My plan for next trades is as follows:

Risk = 15% of balance which is about 2 lots (over 100 pips)

30% on signal = 0.6 lots, 50% at wave 1 = 1 lot, 20% at wave 2 = 0.4 lots

It's also possible that I anticipate the wave 2 trade in wave 1 with some tentatives using tight stops, I will see when I'm there.

Will post a chart when the signal comes in...

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Hi bpola, I don't have it yet, the sun rises earlier in your place than in mine

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Maybe. .

Am in with small position. Will add as trend is confirmed.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Last hour close just confirmed the signal...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Bought EU half and hour ago.~ Also, I found it quite useful in USDJPY

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Everyone is free to trade whatever he or she wants but again this system is only for EU

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Im in as well.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Hi Broker trader. I was just wondering what do you plan to do when the market changes from this really trending environment to a really choppy environment on EURUSD. As i assume this is a trend following approach, it may provide many false signals during periods of consolidation.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #410 ---
I plan nothing but to trade the system as it is, I have been past (testing) all 2019 and there were choppy periods and it's still worked not so bad. I also hope that the entry in three steps (waves) can also avoid the major part of the losses during those times but this we still need to see if it's true or not.

Now, for those thinking that some filter or additional strategy could be added for that, forget it, I won't even discuss that, for me that's the major trap that traders fall into, trying to make a system perfect when such a thing cannot exist. We must enjoy trending times and be patient the rest of the time, I know that, and and I know that those choppy times will come, it remains to be seen how I will handle them.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
You system is good sir.

I go in early today, just exactly when the first candle cross the 100ma

And till now, the direction is still up up up up....

Thank you for putting this system out for free

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Hi Broketrader, I'm inside too today.

I was wondering if we are already close to the first wave. I'm wrong?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #413 ---
I agree about the mistake many people make trying to overcomplicate things. All boils down to how one handles their psychology and ability to follow rules without deviating from their plan. It took me a solid 1.5 year to realise that it's not the strategy's fault i was losing money but entirely my own fault and my lack of pateince.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Your system is good sir.

I got in early today, just exactly when the first candle cross the 100ma

And till now, the direction is still up up up up....

Thank you for putting this system out for free

--- 帖子 #415 ---
You're welcome, Good luck!

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Still not clear Francesco ? Look at the 5m chart below...

Wave zero is when you get the signal, SRSI-168 in blue oscillates near the maximum, wave 1 is the next touch of the opposite side and wave 1 is one entire cycle after. You can see them on the chart drawn by hand in pink. I hope this will definitely clarify things.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Hi, I'm new but i like your strategy. I applied as well on tradingview.

I'm waiting for the small pullback and enter at wave 1. Is it correct right?

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Now it's clear to me thank you.

I'm trying to understand when creating the zero wave.

I have to practice seeing this zero wave.

Now everything is much clearer to me

Thanks

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Thanks for this thread Broketrader, was reading the entire content and seems as solid as profitable.

I use to trade larger time frames basing my entries on supply and demand and like to try to catch reversals, which use to be lower time frames trend changes.

Your method will refine my entries a lot and offers excellent RR.

Also entered on last EU long trade, my 1st one with your strategy.

Thanks again and hope be able to contribute soon.

Best,

--- 帖子 #420 ---
It's simple, the zero wave is always the one you are on when you get a new signal.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
You're welcome, good luck with your trading !

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hi broketrader,

I downloaded your .mq4 but not sure how to implement or use it in mt4. I have downloaded stochastic rsi and it appears as indicator. cant seem to find the other 2 indicator which in available on post #1.

can you help me?

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hi chocolate!

I don't want to seem disrespectful but sorry I'm not google and I won't write a tutorial about how to install/compile indicators, it's not the purpose of the thread.

There are certainly plenty of tutorials and youtubes that explain that and you will find them without problem, the only files that you have to download from post #1 are the mq4 files. Good luck!

--- 帖子 #424 ---
hlo i want to learn about this systems how can do it

--- 帖子 #425 ---
No not at all, i understand. I will google and see how to do it. Once done that, i will get back to you on how to do the settings if there is any. Thank you for the indicator though. I see many people are benefiting from them.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
broketrader No need to be polite. If people cannot carefully read at least the beginning, then soon the branch will turn into a trash from such questions.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
I don't know why SRSI168 is pointing down as expected but price don't follow

So I have placed a pending buy for the remaining part of my first 30% entry above recent high in the case it explodes to the upside but I hope that normality resumes and that I can buy at a better price.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Price will follow...if there is one thing i am waiting for,its that pull back to wave 1!

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Hi, sorry, didn't see your message, yes, that's correct but you should have entered small on signal too, the signal instant can't be ignored or you could simply miss the entire trade...

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Maybe it's still not clear for everyone so I will repeat once more and for the last time !

If you post material not related with the system or try to add your own rules you will be banned from the thread.
Not because I could feel something against you, it's just a simple way to prevent you posting more shit in it.

It's in post #1, too bad that you all, the ignored ones, didn't take the time to read it, or just ignored it. Now you can play together in my ignore room, have a good time and don't worry, certainly more people will join in for the party.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Hope the style modification on the indicator I made keep me inside the post rules set...Please let me know to change it back before any ban please. I'm really interest to be part of the thread.

As per my readings we are now on wave 1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #432 ---
lol, I'm not as susceptible, I'm just keeping the house in order ;-)

Inserted Video

What I don't want is people adding it's own rule, filter, you name it, and posting it here because that would only lead to confusion for everyone not counting the myriad of questions that would come regarding those...

If you want be part of the thread, then be in and Welcome!

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Yes, we entered wave 1 yesterday evening (CET) and are still in, so I completed my first 30% buying and will start the 50% batch.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Hi first and read through all the pages here first and try to have enough screen time and enjoy with your pips

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Told you so! Am in! Thanks broketrader!

--- 帖子 #436 ---
I'm fully in from wave 1 and it's possible I add more with tight stops...

--- 帖子 #437 ---
very good system brader broke.... thanks for this ..

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Everything was going perfect until this

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It took me 2 lots and maybe the entire trade, be careful people...

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I'm out, will enter on next wave if any or new signal...

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Will the trend line hold?

--- 帖子 #441 ---
i want to contat with you how can it posible dear my whatsup num is +8801303372024 or any way pls reply soon

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Holding on to hope!

--- 帖子 #443 ---
If it recovers into 1.0880 during this hour we have a good chance that it was only a storm and price will be back to its normal course, I have re-entered my orders accordingly

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Looks like bulls are winning the fight...

I still alive on the trade. My SL was several pips below the last trendline (which was touched at 61.8% fib retracement btw)

--- 帖子 #445 ---
As long as there is no new high above 1.0930, there is no trend and bulls haven't still won, so too early to say.

And btw, we don't trade fibs, pivots, etc, here

--- 帖子 #446 ---
noted, thanks

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Hi Broketrader, interesting threadI am following the thread but I can not load Indicator on my MT4. Can anyone help me? I dowload V7 you upload and the file jagg upload but still not working this is what I get. Thanks you.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
How does your M5 chart look?

You set 'MaxBarsBack' to what?

--- 帖子 #449 ---
the exact same happened to me with v8 on mt4

--- 帖子 #450 ---
I try V6 and it look good. and I try v8 again with template the setting is 2000 it look like this

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Looks like you have too little data...

What setting you have in mt4 > options?

--- 帖子 #452 ---
here I just change to 10000, before it is bigger.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Sorry no further idea at the moment ...

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Hi.I'm having mt4, Can I get the indicator or it's not free?

--- 帖子 #455 ---
go to page 1

--- 帖子 #456 ---
The down  trend line was broken last night! Broketrader are we seeing the first failed move for the year?

If it gives a sell signal today, what to do?

I am a firm believer of this system though, as this current situation is new to me

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Your trend for me is nonexistent, as long as we haven't made a new high above 1.0930 we don't know where the low is, so we can't draw any trend.

There is nothing new Bororo, as long as the signal is there, we stay with it, eventually reduce your position if you're not confident but you shouldn't close completely until new signal appears.

If I have reduced my position, it's not because of lack of confidence but because I was too heavy and ad already some losses but i will stay in until a bearish signal appears and if it's a failure, then let it be...

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Agreed, I like your way of thinking.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Thanks...didn't know I had to wait for a new high to place the trend line! We move!

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Well, not just a way of thinking, follow the link...

"What is a Trend?
A trend is the general direction of a market or an asset's price. In technical analysis, trends are identified by trendlines or price action that highlight when the price is making higher swing highs and higher swing lows for an uptrend, or lower swing lows and lower swing highs for a downtrend."

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/trend.asp

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Hi Broketrader,

Have we already seen the second wave or not?

Is it okay as I marked it or should the wave be lower?

I would just like to understand these waves in detail because it seems to me the only thing that still eludes me.

Thanks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Hi Francesco,

It's a tricky question and was trying to figure it out also myself...

Looking at past trends, this is the only thing we can do to learn, the following waves come after a new swing high/low or at least a touch of the level of previous swing high/low, like a double top/bottom if you prefer, I think that this is what define them (the waves) the best.

Currently, between your 2 lows, the maximum price we got was 1.0888 while the previous high, the first impulse at wave 0 was at 1.0925 which is 37 pips away so personally I consider that this is still wave 1, sort of rebound. I would like to see 1.0925 or above and after that, have a low in SRSI168 to say that it's wave 2.

And the wave should also be lower like the first one in your picture, the second one is a bit too high for me.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
OK now your reasoning is clear to me.

I have already entered with the third size even if it is perhaps too early.

However, I took a low point so I feel satisfied.

Now all that remains is to wait for the price explosion.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #464 ---
I enter when price break the triangle.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
just for others ways look....

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Break that high damit!

--- 帖子 #467 ---
BrokeTrader - thanks for publishing this! I've just read the whole thread, and followed along from the beginning of the year. Makes sense to me and I will follow along with some test trades.

I really appreciate the commentary and you telling us your thought processes as you develop this indicator and take what you learn (about the indicator and yourself) and apply them to the next trade. More green pips to you!

Dan

P.S. Too bad you cannot change your user name at this point!!!

--- 帖子 #468 ---
I im correct, it seems like the price already broke the downward trendline on your post.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Grats on another successful push. Pays off to trust the system. I am curious what you guys think of the prevailing trend line here... Something to watch

--- 帖子 #470 ---
I think short term right now a bounce off your line down, but long term the larger trend looks bullish. I just went short, last trade of the week, hopefully it pays off then hope to go long next week

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Hi BT, when you will close your position. Do you just wait for sell signal to close your long.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hi Dan,

You're welcome and good luck with you incoming trades.

I appreciate people that take the time to read and understand rather than, well, you know...

PS. And no worries with my username, I have no ego issues

--- 帖子 #473 ---
If you have read the thread, you know that in the past I have been looking at daily, weekly and monthly charts to spot that kind of longer term trends.

Recently I have come to the conclusion that it doesn't make any sense to take care of them, not to just deny them or argue they are wrong/right views, but just because they are simply not in my trading time horizon.

I'm trying to become good in trading this system, it's the only thing I have to care about. Now if an up trend reaches the point of a major down trend, as your picture suggest, what should I do, close the trade ? No, because if you do so, you're not trading the system anymore but something else and I don't want to get lost in something else, just want to stay in something that each passing day I know more and more.

As explained in previous paragraph, here we don't trade higher time frames trends, supports, pivots, you name them. You went short because of that down trend touch before going long next week, good luck to you but we don't trade that way here, you haven't read the thread or not understood what we do here or maybe you're simply in the wrong thread.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hey broke trader, thank you. I am a newbie. Looooots to learn. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Hi gacon,

I don't really know, it's the trend which decides, but post #374 will give a good idea of what I could try to do.

This is the last call to exit as I cannot be long having a sell signal or vice-versa.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
We finally got that swing high impulse we were so impatiently waiting  , giving us that second swing low which allows us to draw the trend line.

Welcome to 20-11 !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The 5 min SRSI chart shows a clear lack of strength either to the upside or downside, we clearly see the Zero (signal) and one waves but then it had some difficulty making a top or a bottom, making the wave identification difficult. I think that the Easter prolonged weekend is the reason for it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Yup- I’ve read over this thread multiple times. Was just curious about mindset while approaching it. Clearly it’s shuffling by that point slowly

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Hi Bororo,

What APP are you using in your phone that allows you to use the mq4 file?

Due to my job, I'm looking for the possibility to trade the system from the phone. Would you be so kind so share with me your set up?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Its tradingview, the app....get it from playstore

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&sour...4XJGc5sKuKGsYE

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Thanks for your quick and kind reply Bororo.

I just downloaded the App.

How do you manage to apply the indicator from page #1 in txt format? It seems that in the app you can only add pre-existing indicators to the chart.

Thanks for your support!!

Regards

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Yeah.... You have to paste the script on PC first, then save there. If you don't save it won't show

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Good morning all, hope that your Easter went well...

A bit boring with this weak trend these days but we need to give it the benefice of the doubt, maybe things will accelerate a bit starting tomorrow...

Any other still in the trade ?

--- 帖子 #483 ---
I am still inside. I will reevaluate the situation in case the price goes back down to 1.0918

--- 帖子 #484 ---
I'm still holding my longs from last thursday, hope it will accelerate further, once again thank you, and have a good day

--- 帖子 #485 ---
hold them,but i set break even near 1.09

--- 帖子 #486 ---
still in.....some emotional ish battles though!

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hi BT,

Yes I am still in the trade.

I added on the test of the 96SMA but closed too quickly. I am still building some clear rules around exits and SLs as I spend more time with the strategy.

Currently, I am still in 1 position. I will exit this on a reversal signal, this is how I will exit the last bit of the trade going forward in my rules on exits.

I was looking at the last 4 years of signals over the last week and may I say the signals are great. Sure there are ranging periods and some losses but just need to use Money Management and ride it out. I will be trading 0.01 lots placing 1 to 3 trades per signal while testing and getting to know the system.

Here are my trades on my chart. Please let me know if you would like me to remove it if you want to keep your thread using only one template.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

* Using your MA indicator but just canceled plotting the histogram on the MA.

I agree with you regarding people following the rules of your thread to keep it as clean and constructive as possible.

Happy trading to you and all for the week.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
I'm anticipating a bear signal so I have locked current profits with a sell.

If bear signal comes, I will have my first entry for the next trend, if we rebound from here, well I will take a loss.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
I'm out of the trade for now. Since I came to the party late, I did put in a small order on the 9th, which got hit with the test that happened today. I also have a buy stop at 1.09711 but I doubt we will see that this time around. I'm planning on followning the strategy and waiting for the next clear signal before placing any orders. I use MT4 but am going to take some time to implement your signals on TradingView this week just to diversify my knowledge of platforms and also keep my nose in the charts.

Dan

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Hi GingerBoloks,

Thank you for you valuable information.

In fact I was planning to make a backtesting of the system, but only opening an order when colour changes, and closing when the opposite colour appears. (The other two entries are kind of subjective). I wonder if the big bearing/bulling periods will compensate choppy markets. Have you done anything like that? Can you please give us more details of the orders simulated for the past four years?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #491 ---
The trend line was broken on a closing basis, so I closed half of the remaining long.

Waiting for a bear signal to close the remaining long if we're not back into the trend...

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Thank you very much for this you legend! Could not get BT's latest versions updated in post#1 to work on my XM mt4 platform (works fine on IC markets so its odd) but your all in one does.

Also many thanks to you BT for sharing the simple well-though-out system and allowing us all to be a part of your journey. I have just caught up on the thread over the weekend and I look forward to seeing how the system plays out for the rest of the year. Many thanks!

Kind Regards,

Hampy

--- 帖子 #493 ---
You're welcome  and good luck if you are giving it a try

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Just closed some more as we are now under SMA...

Check your oxygen tubes we will be soon under the water...

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Good morning; yes I closed all the longs, are you thinking this as a start of bearish signal (zero )?

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Good morning,

Well your question comes a bit later... as my answer, sorry, I was sleeping, it's still only 5h45 am in center Europe...

But yes, I anticipated a bearish signal but the following hours proved that it was all fake, we got everything, cross of the trend line and SMA and finally also the signal but it only lasted one bar! And the price rebounded from there, and from there we got a fresh new long signal and more than that, the price traveled back above our previous trend line which forced me to close my anticipated shorts and enter a new long to be in sync again with the trend.

Bororo was asking previously if we were going to have our first failure, well this was it !

Regarding my failure, I still think that my anticipation was OK, we can't know in the beginning how things will unfold. What I think I did wrong this time was the timing, I entered additional lots too late after the London close and also late in the NY session and it's not the first time it happens so from now I will avoid to enter at those times even if I have to miss the signal, there is always a wave 1 to enter. This will be my lesson for future trades...

Now, I haven't a clear view of the duration of the remaining of the current trend but I think that by the end of the week we will be fixed. I will keep my entry as long as the trend remains valid but won't add more to it and just wait for the next signal. After a failure I think it's convenient to be prudent and I'm still green for the month and have to protect that.

Updating with a chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #497 ---
In my short experience, there has not been a 100% working strategy! But with proper management a 70% working strategy will pay you. This strategy has close to a 90% or more chance to succeed "if it is followed!"

I salute you broketrader! I salute all who have been following!

P.s the last signal occurred while I was asleep!

Edited

Added the chart I see this morning

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Same here, I have just updated the trend line to use the recent swing low...

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Hello everyone.

Current trade...

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Hello Broketrader,

In my opinion it isn't a failure if you draw your trendline with the candle's wick instead of the closing price. In that case you will see that the closing price at your signal was still a little bit over the trendline. And more surprisingly, as seen in my screenshot, you will also see the price has rebounded at almost the same time on a longer red trendline that I still have on my chart with daily price peaked in the 9th march and 27th march. Nevertheless I did not took into account these trendlines and was convinced the price will be bearish, and so I took a selling trade !! Hopefully, after this big mistake the 1h trendline continued during today to act as a big support.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Good luck with your trade, I don't know which system your chart shows but certainly not the one we trade here so please avoid posting charts not in relation to this, it's in post #1.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
ok will do.

I didnt notice the section on rules for posting.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Hi Kortak,

I think that choosing the wicks instead of closing prices is more personal than any other thing, personally I consider that everything below 1h is noise, that's why I draw my trend lines using the close and also because it gives you an exact moment to declare if things are wrong or not, that moment being the closing of the candle so no problem to anyone to chose how he draws the lines.

That said, I see 2 flaws in your analysis:

1. Using the trend line you draw, above your arrow where you state "wrong signal as closing price is still above the trendline" there is that green candle that follows which goes well beyond your line, and if you draw trendlines using the wicks, you expect the price never going beyond it, so now, after the fact you say closing price because that arranges you because at the moment the price was there, below the trend, you couldn't know that it was going to rebound, it could very well have traveled 30 pips more downside.

2. If you use wicks to draw trendlines, why you ignore the one at the beginning of the trend ? I think that's wrong and the trend line would have been like this instead...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And you see that this trendline gets broken as well.

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Trend-line broken again, first entry in anticipation as there is still no bear signal.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
i know this question has been asked multiple times along the thread but I need a solution to why the SmaSRSI96 only appears on my 5m chart. I have tried changing the script as guided from broketrader. I have also tried multiple versions. there is confusion can we get to the bottom of this for the sake of myself and others?

--- 帖子 #506 ---
I would like to help, I'm trying to figure out what could be the issue but I don't see, there is nothing particular about the H1 time frame in the script, it just uses different periods for calculation in M5 and H1.

As others here, including myself don't see the issue on our configurations, it must be something local on your side or at your broker. Maybe you could try to make a duplicate fresh installation of MT4 in a different folder with all parameters default and see if the indicator works there.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Sorry, didn't see your post, the 2 precedent days I was a bit exhausted !

Personally once I moved to TradingView for the charts I never went back to MT4, even the programming interface is better now!

Good luck with your future trades.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
same issue i have had....i just installed trading view for the system, then use the mt4 for trades. its not perfect, but hey!

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Hi,

I managed to make TradingView work with the correct set up in my PC and mobile. Unfortunately my broker doesn´t support it. So I will have to place the orders in MT4 in my mobile instead.

Has anyone done a backtesting of this system, only looking at the colour change for openning/closing positions? (Ignoring waves 2 and 3)

I assume the colour doesn´t repaint, right?

Green pips!

Regards

--- 帖子 #510 ---
EURUSD sell confirmed!

chart

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Yes, we can say good bye to 20-11, the 5 min chart shows the signal at wave zero completely depressed as expected, waiting wave 1 to add...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #512 ---
It doesn't look like it's wave 1 yet but I added given the retracement...  I'm in with 2/3 of my final position.

London closed, done for today.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
For anyone struggling to get the Indicators to work on MT4 I have attached a zip with:

- The SMA & SRSI indicators that worked for me & match exactly the same as tradingview Parameters

- A profile of two EURUSD charts, 1H & 5M

- A M5 Template ready to go & a 1h template.

This should work so hope it helps.

Edit*** Courtesy of Jagg - Go to Post #541 for updated Zip file

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Sr sir, i can't open it. I try reset mt4 but it not work

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Yes you're right, I think its because I was on a micro platform so everythings slightly different, Iv'e now re-done it on IC markets mt4 so try this Template and profile. Please let me know if it works fine so I can update my last post, if it does not then it is something to do with the bars back.

Edit** To make the 5m chart correct with both the 1h SRSI and 5M, delete both SRSI off the M5 chart, then add one back with default settings, then drag another SRSI over then first one but in the inputs Change the second row then says TimeFrame - 1H and put M5 where it says 1h and you should have the double SRSI!

Its important to add the 1H one before the M5 one or the levels disappear

--- 帖子 #516 ---
It works. Tks ^^!

--- 帖子 #517 ---
I answer to myself, in case someone is interested:

I have backtested this method only by entering in the first wave: The first colour change. Exited in the next colour change (and entered in the oposite direction).
Summary of 2019:

68 Orders

37 positive Orders (Avg +56 pips)

31 negative Orders (Avg -32 pips)

Average: +15 pips/order

Total: +1056 pips

Max consecutive loss: 4 orders, -251 pips

Max consecutive gain: 6 orders, +449 pips

Does anybody know how can I load history data in TradingView for 2018 and previous years? I can only load up to January 2019, and i would like to manually backtest 2018 also.

Regards

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Hi sir,

Thank you for starting and sharing your trading strategy. I have read through all 28 pages of the thread and I followed the exact setup for the indicators on trading view. However, the blue line on your chart is not showing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is the trading setup version 7 for trading view correct or is there something that I need to take note of?

Appreciate anyone's guidance as I cannot find the answer in the thread...

--- 帖子 #519 ---
how to remove this in tradingview
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and how to make mt4 show in m1 timeframe. not only m5 and h1

thanks

--- 帖子 #520 ---
click on this button

Attached Image

on the top right

--- 帖子 #521 ---
You can only see the blue line on the 5min chart.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Breakout?

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Too soon to say anything and you are zooming too much to have a clear view of things.

Look,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Currently we only have the lower low (1)

Once we have the new lower low (2) if that ever happens, we will know where the lower high will be and only then you can draw your trend line.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
i mean remove indicator and become like yours

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Hi,

Can someone tell me the difference between SmaSRI96-v7 and SRSI96-HV8-V7? Are the same indicators but with SRI and SMA in the second one thaw as two different indicators instead of one?

Can someone tell me if it's possible to load more history data than one year in Trading view?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #526 ---
You can download the new version 8 from post #1

--- 帖子 #527 ---
SmaSRSI as its name implies integrates both SMA-96 and SRSI96 and checks bear/bull condition to draw the sma with the corresponding color.

SRSI96 is available separately to show SRSI96 and SRSI168 for the 5 min time frame used to see the waves.

Like you, I can't have more history in TradingView, not sure but I think that you have to purchase a subscription for that.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
low! new trendline!

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Sorry I hadn't understood your question, you can download SRSI96-V8.txt in post #1, Same indicator without the Historical Volatility

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Yes, the new swing low is sitting now around 1.0840/50, and trend 20-12 is there but I see it a bit aggressive, I think that after price consolidates we will have to push the lower part to the right, we will be fixed tomorrow at close...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit, have drawn this solid one that for me looks more viable, we'll see..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #531 ---
I am a man who focuses on the eurusd pair this is rather interesting and I am looking to swing trade your trading seems very good friend !

--- 帖子 #532 ---
ok thanks

and how to make mt4 show in m1 timeframe. not only m5 and h1

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Good morning,

As expected, the trend lines didn't hold, too early and not really a top of wave but we are at it now (wave one).

Best moment to add to my trade, they will be my last entries for this trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Well the system doesn't trade m1 so I won't make any change in that sense, but you can modifiy the indicator for that, like I did for m5, by multiplying the value of the m5 periods by 5 and you're done. Understand that if I answer every single request to modify a bit for everyone's need, then I will spend my whole day doing that and I don't want to enter that game.

That said, my feeling is that if you're looking at m1 is because you want to make very precise entries, maybe because you will have very tight stops ?

If that's the case, then it's a recipe for failure, and if not, then you don't need the m1.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Nice call! You were spot on! It was too aggressive

--- 帖子 #536 ---
i see the structure and the pattern clearer on m1.. but its ok with m5 too...almost same..

thanks for sharing great indicator

today close sell EURUSD +45 pips

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Hi @broketrader how are you?

What do you think of today's moviement?

After the new low he turned very fast.

How will you manage your position from now?

Happy weekend to everyone

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Hi Francesco, I'm tired  let evaporate so many profits

Not managing anything anymore, I have reached my maximum level of loss (15%) so enough battle for today !

I insisted because I thought that 2 1/2 days was too short of a trend so my assumption was that the trend line break was a fake and that the down move would resume, well no, the trend break was the dead canary in the mine

Maybe the lesson here is to get out early or close partially and eventually re-enter if we are back in the trend...

Will think about it next time, now I humbly accept the loss without regrets and prepare for the next, there will be another trend another day.

Now it looks like we will have soon a buy signal but I will wait Monday, need to reset my counters and relax during the weekend, happy weekend too, thanks

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Improving the system. Better timed entries revisited
with post-mortem analysis of 20-12 entry and trend violation.

With the analysis of this week failure, I came to the conclusion that I have to change and improve my entries to cope with short trends or with trend-line violations which is the current situation as we don't have a new signal yet.

Until now I was used to one to three weeks duration trends, I think because the market was particularly favorable to my method but now as we see it consolidating, I must adapt to fast changes while at the same time not changing the original nature of the system and maintain a good control on risk with the three step entry method.

Looking at this recent failure,

What worked well:

Trend anticipation at the break of 20-11.

Adding on first retracement, when SMA was tested.

What failed:

Entering late on wave 2, on the expectation that the trend would continue.

Adding more after the trend break while in fact I should have closed the whole trade for a nice profit.

Conclusions:

The entry time window must be shortened and for that I will definitely remove any entry at wave 2.

Then, the main events that remain to build the position, are:

1. Previous trend-line break => Anticipation of a change in price direction.

2. Signal => Main Event, confirmation of 1.

3. Retracement => Last call to finalize.

Entry weight distribution at each event, entry step.

1. Anticipation.

At a later time, when the trends is confirmed, this will usually be the best entry, so a substantial amount of the final position must be allocated to this event. At the same time we must limit the losses in case of a fake move. I think that 50% of final position fits well those 2 constraints.

The entry must be cancelled as soon as the price goes back into the previous trend, this goes without discussion.

2. Signal.

At the moment we get there, the chances of a price direction change improve but it's also usually the moment at which we will have a retracement. We still need to enter if we are not too far from SMA-96 like 20-30 pips as we don't know how far the price will continue its course and if it will ever retrace later. The weight allocated to this event will be 20%.

3. Retracement.

We are now 50% or 70 % in the trade and this is the moment at which the SMA-96 gets tested more often than not, around 80% of the time and I wonder why I haven't seen this earlier! At this event we enter the remaining 30% or 50% if we didn't enter at 2.

And the good news...

With this new simplified and clear entry procedure, there is no need anymore to have the SRSI-168 indicator and to look at the 5 minutes time frame! This will add clarity and simplification and you know that I pay special attention at keeping things simple.

The only issue that we will encounter from time to time, except for the fake moves of course, will be the price not retracing to SMA leaving us with a position of only 50% or 70% of the entire entry, I think that it's the price to pay to be in control of the risk at each stage. I can live with that...

Some chart examples. 1,2,3 arrows show the three events/steps entry method, no more waves and 5 min charts needed !

1. Current 20-12 trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2. Previously 20-12 failed trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3. Previous 20-11 trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #540 ---
It's all fun and games until this starts happening for a while...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Hi Broketrader,

I believe that your analysis does not make a turn and that it is much simpler in this way.

Have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Money management is key.

All systems have periods of drawdowns. There is a distribution cycle between winners and losers. There were times like that and will be again.When it will be we don't know.

Thank you for sharing these areas of consolidation in history as recency bias can often be misleading.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Hi BK,

Thank you for your post and analysis of the past week's activity.

I would first like to salute and commend you for making your system and trading public as you have with a Trade Explorer and posts regarding your thoughts and entries. This is not always an easy thing to do.

Constant refinement is key to success as we all know. You have certainly done well this year so far and I believe you will continue with this success. I will be following and trading along with this system for a long time.

All the best with next week and I look forward to seeing your system at work.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
The screen below is 3 months, Aug-Oct but you choose to only show approx 12 days, the rectangle in red !

And if you had read the thread, I talk about that exact period in post #6 how fun is that !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #545 ---
BK,

Here is my activity for the past week. I hope you don't mind me sharing my trades here. ( I am happy to remove if you don't want it posted here.)

As you say, the signal of the color change of 96SMA can produce a signal that is often followed by a retrace and a test of the SMA area. I am using a limit order to add in that next bit of the trade to make it simple for me.

This is only my second set of trades with this system so still looking at a lot that can be improved from my side.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Hi GingerBoloks,

Thanks for the supporting words, you don't have to worry about me, the system is not perfect and will never be, I know that and I sleep well with that

I trade it firstly for myself, the goal being to go till the end of the year and see how the year went and if I was profitable, we are far from there so we'll see.

And yes, I'm being aggressive, pushing it to the limits but that's my business, still some don't understand that simple concept, well...

Thank you and have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
No problem for anyone posting their trades and discussing the entries and system itself, what I don't want is people adding additional filters, indicators, and then others asking for those and the parameters, and so, and rapidly all become a mess.

I see just one thing missing in your chart, the trend-lines ! Otherwise I see you had some good trades

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Yes, if consolidation are not overly exaggerated (which can happen too..) MM can save you not losing all the gains of the trending phases.

Still, you will lose a substantial amount of your gains in these and there is nothing one can do about.. all part of the game.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
I did not meant to doscourage you broketrader! Just served as a reminder.

You have a fine strategy there and applied with due & diligence it will definitely make returns in the long run!

Especially now that you have refined your entries.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Nice strategy getting closer to perfection. The Achilles heels i have seeing twice now is the fundamental/news. Yesterday the US stock appreciate so dollar goes down. Well done sir

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Hi Oracheal,

Don't fall in the trap of the perfect strategy, this is not one and that just doesn't exist.

What I'm trying to do is simply to find a way of limiting the risk when trading it.

Always be alert when you trade any strategy, including this one !

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Time to move to next trade and implement the new entry strategy.

After a series of three Lower Highs and Lower Lows, we got suddenly a Higher High plus a break of the recent trend-line, two reasons to initiate a long trade.

There is still the possibility of this being only a counter-trend given the short age of 20-12 (half week) so instead of adding 50% as Anticipation entry I will go with 33%, of final position, another 33% will be added at step 2, this will limit my exposure in the case 20-12 resumes.

On the MM side, I have also reduced my total risk for this trade to 10% of account instead of 15% previously, The current price is not far from the close at trend-line break, so still a good level to enter.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #553 ---
hi broketrader

this my option base from this strategy...

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Well I don't really know what to think about your post as whatever happens one of your 2 options will be right sooner or later.

In all cases, there is no need to predict anything but just follow the signals...

Now, just 2 remarks about your chart...

Your rising trend is a daily one, too high time-frame for this system, even if we are testing/breaking it now, we can pay attention to it but no really need to care.

And you cherry pick the points for your downward trend completely ignoring the top of the last up trend which for me is wrong.

Just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
i have believe that EU will goes down starting monday..just see later

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Well, I let everyone judge by himself as I don't want to open a debate about drawing trend-lines and everyone can have its own view.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Perfection is achieved....

Not when there is no more to add....but

When there is no more to take away.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
You may be right broketrader. Anticipation to upside movement is indeed supported by 0.618 fibo level too other than broken TL. Lets see if this hold true we may be seeing 1.272 fibo level or maybe even 1.618 level thus triggering the next uptrend movement.

I entered half of my position as suggested by broketrader as anticipation signal around 50% retracement level. Lets see how this go

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Well I think that if you apply any kind of  anticipation it could only be valid if price at least cross the 96 sma and the SRSI is closed to trigger but not quite.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
It's not important for me to be right or wrong, as long as I follow the system I'm doing right.

Now, I don't follow you with your fib price projections, why try to predict what the price will do when in fact you just have to follow the events ?

That adds complexity for nothing. Now, anyone is free to use whatever (s)he wants for its targets, I just want to emphasize that it's not part of the system.

That said, good luck with your trade!

--- 帖子 #562 ---
If you wait for all the indicators to be near the indication of the signal, then you're not anticipating anymore, you're almost at step 2. (signal).

Now, you've forgot one important event, re-read post #565, I anticipate when the break of the trend-line occurs as this is often an important sign of direction change.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Why are you not following your system.

1hour EurUsd didn't cross the 96 moving average and rsi as well didn't cross the 30 level.

system is still showing its sell signal

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Man, it looks like you don't understand what you read or that you just don't follow and don't read my posts so go back and read post #565 because I won't explain every time for everyone !

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Fine! the system has shown its best side. Trust the system and use the right money management.

Here I closed sell.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Well done ! Maybe a bit early if we are a the beginning of a new downtrend, but profits are profits

--- 帖子 #567 ---
It was too early to anticipate there even with a small counter-trend.

Next time wait for the SMA to be tested (3rd event) in a new swing and draw the trend-line from there.

Re-entered short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Definitely, I'm having it all wrong these days

20-12 trend-line broken and entered anticipation trade, let's see if we get the signal this time and price doesn't turn back under the trend...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #569 ---
What in God's name is going on now! I am off trading till next month! Cheers

--- 帖子 #570 ---
It cannot always be perfect trends and setups and it's fine for an individual to make a pause when he doesn't "feel" the market.

Personally, I don't want because these are, in fact, the best moments to verify if my strategies are solid or just pure crap.

Stay safe!

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Trading has never been easy. Making money in this business is hard but possible. We just need to quiet our mind to understand the chaos. All the best

--- 帖子 #572 ---
I closed my position at the break of the trend line. If downtrend continue, that's without me, I will wait for a new trend. Be careful everyone!

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Hi BT, I've read through the first 10 pages but wondered if you've made any comments around how you re-enter a trade. So for example, say you sell into a down trend and you close at 100 pip gain. You're happy with your profit. BUT the trend then extends further down and you recognise this could keep going for a while. Do you wait for a trend line rejection or are you looking more for an SMA96 rejection before entering in again?

Enjoying this forum, best one I've found on here. Feel everyone is equal and learning together.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Hi Gofitty, the best trend that illustrates your question is 20-8

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The trend had an initial angle and then it accelerated but in between, the first trend was broke like we were going to have an up-trend, like maybe what we are having right now.

So, with the latest entry strategy, I would have closed my short trade at (1), and entered a long 30-50% (anticipation), then I would have closed that long at a loss at (2) and re-established my previous short trade because we are again under the trend, then closed that short at a loss again and re-entered long 30-50% again at (3), and then closed again that long at a loss and re-established my short again at (4)

A bit messy transition period where you get losses but all is paid back largely when the down-trend resumes, we see it visually.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Swing trading is interesting, we have to put an eye on chart 24 hours, otherwise opportunity can be miss.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Ok thank you, that makes sense.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Hi Broketrader, You are a genius. I always learn so much from you. Thank bro

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Hi vuduong, glad if you learn something but don't exaggerate, i'm haven't seen any genius near me lol.

Well folks, we got a buy signal at a better level than my anticipated trade, let's see if it's confirmed in the following hours...

So far we had:

1st event, previous trend-line (20-12) break => first entry @ 1.0872

2nd event, Signal right now => already have an entry @ 1.0852

Waiting now 3rd event to complete my position. Wave 1 and SMA test.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
I think I will close my first entry at top of wave zero or before if there is no momentum as it's not at a good level end re-enter later at SMA touch.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Hello, i take a Long Trade at 1.0871. It's good ... ?!

Good Day !

--- 帖子 #581 ---
BT, how is your chart currently looking? Intrigued by your entry at 1.0829. Thanks

--- 帖子 #582 ---
There is no intrigue ;-) I closed my anticipated trade which was at a bad level and waited wave one to re-enter and I completed as this is the last event for my entries.

I admit that in post #565 it's maybe not completely clear but the SMA touch should come at wave one, the problem is that in this case we went beyond because wave zero wasn't strong enough but I still I think it's the right time to take the risk even if the trade terminates with a loss.

What I didn't see in post #565 is that I thought that we wouldn't have the need anymore of SRSI-168 which you see in the chart below in blue while in fact we still need it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #583 ---
New sell signal. The system says sell, so I sell.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
There is a connection between GU and EU #you were needed to see if GU is also near SMA or have a lot of momentum to cross it then your signal could be with high probability #it's not a new rule but you need to manually backtest it.

All in all your thread is incredible.
All the best.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
With you, thanks for the explanation.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Difficult week this. What are you going to do if a sell signal is confirmed in this last hour?

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Yes, we got the signal a couple hours before, not 5 hours ago like someone posted previously.

If I haven't closed yet, it's because we are still not under the trend, we rebounded on it so it's the last chance I'm giving it. I explained that in my response to Gofitty.

It doesn't look good I know but I'm only following my logic and if we get a test of the SMA I still have a chance to recover my losses.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #588 ---
I could get out at the rebound as I wanted. I had a chance and I got it, limiting my losses for my previous trade.

We have now a fresh bear signal and are at wave 1, but a bit far from the SMA and we have a series of news during the morning.

I will enter short but very lightly to be in sync with the signal.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Of course that there is a connection, the common denominator of both is the 'U' but there is no need to look at other pairs and search for any sort of correlation it just adds more complexity and questions to the equation.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Wow....money management is the key to success in Forex! Will go back to demo trading till I can get my funds back up. Still here though

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Set up an Oanda account to try their demo so I could connect trades to here and just thought I had myself a nice position only to realise I'd set the SL wrong. Will wait for a re entry.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
I understand that you got serious losses, sorry to hear that!

Yes, Money Management and personal targets are important but very personal, that's why everyone should have their own and that I don't want them discussed here, my risks and personal goals are only mine. It's the system that we can share and learn to trade, not the rest.

Take the time now to think about some rules in order to not jeopardize your account on a couple of trades.

Again, the system is good but will never be perfect and at times will be difficult to trade, like it is now. If you want to adopt it and make it yours, you need to accept that and accept the losses that come with it, just keep trading it with good money management while waiting for better times.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #593 ---
As you talk about the stop losses, I think I talked about that in the past but see that it's important that I drop a word about it again...

As you have seen so far, I never set any (visible) stop loss on my trades, because for this system to work you need to give the price plenty of room to move. For example, in the past, I have been 60+ pip in loss on a counter move, would you had been stopped on that move ? So think about it...

As an example of what I do for my trades to set my mental stop loss, I follow these steps:

1. I decide the risk that I take for the trade, let's say I want to risk 10% of account, so 10% of 10K is 1K

2. I have a mental fixed stop loss for all trades which is 100 pips, So 1K over 100 pips gives me 1 full lot.

3. I split that lot in different percentages over my 3 event entries as I have explained before.

Then sometimes I can add more if I feel that I'm at a good moment/level and could even add 1 more lot but on those trades I put a hard stop loss of 10 pips or so, making me risking only 100$ of the 1k initial risk, sometimes those trades pay, sometimes not but it's still worth taking them, in my opinion, as in the case of failure you only take 10% out of the initial risk, leaving you with still 90 pips of margin for the initial trade.

Now I'm not saying that you should follow this example, again, this is personal, just an idea to make you think about your own rules.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Sadly, I also do the same, I also lost some of my investment, but i will follow this strategy; but only problem that i found from this is that we have to spend most of our time in front of the screen,I would like to have some sort of alert (if possible). Thank you BT

--- 帖子 #595 ---
yeah i know! just was carried away with the success and overextended on the last sell signal.....thanks BT

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Sorry to hear that too, definitely hard times...

I'm aware of the screen problem time, thinking about but no solution so far... when I'm at work, the only solution I have found to not be 100% in front of the screen, is to check the hour closing price and not care in between, as I only use the close to validate anything.

Then for example when there is a new swing high/low in your favor, you know that you have plenty of time (usually more than one day) before needing to check again regularly even if you won't wait one day ;-)

You could also set your stop loss below a previous swing and relax knowing what is your maximum risk at any one time.

... all not perfect but some ideas...

--- 帖子 #597 ---
10% is manageable especially if you are ambitious with your take profits and you're therefore able to maximise big swings. I have created a system that works for me but it's very much inspired by what you've done here e.g. SMA96 + RSI indicator. However, I'm less ambitious and aiming for 50 pip gains and then finding re entry points. Therefore, my stops are smaller.

Watching and analysing this thread closely though as I would like to become more ambitious and think that comes with time, experience and confidence.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Hi BrokeTrade, could you tell me what the MyStochRSI settings are in M15? I would like to post in MT4 the same parameters that I have in trading view but I can't understand what they are for m15

Thanks

--- 帖子 #599 ---
You can try to modify the indicator by dividing by 3 the values used for M5 in the M15 time-frame but you will only see the 5m plot charted on the M15 time-frame. There is no M15 settings per se as I don't use M15 but H1 and M5 only.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Taking some profits, will reload later eventually.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Please delete that post, your screenshots show two SMAs and two SRSIs and I have already said that I don't want to over-complicate things.

We only need H1 to confirm events and m5 to see where the waves are. that's all.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Ok. I've deleted the post... Thanks for the original indicators btw.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Thanks  Post #1 indicators have all needed.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Wait for the rollback and go North?

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Yes, will add on the retracement.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
With this hour close and new swing high we are at the beginning of 20-13 trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Want to add more but was looking for larger retracement as I have to be prudent, the 2 next days we have FOMC and ECB rates and we will have some volatility.

I will take the risk then, if we have a spike at and even below the SMA. Now it would have been too early and I'm anyway to near of my current signal entry.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Price may go south now. See GU; the Euro almost always follows it...you may consider closing some long positions till a clearer signal emerges.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
If you had watched or read just a bit about what I do here you would know that I don't care about GU and whatever says your crystal ball I just follow my system which has already given me a clear signal by the way. No need of more of your useless science and comments, bye!

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Be careful can be a false breakout(or cross) on GU!.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Again, trusting the system and learning to stay calm and just wait in front of 60+ pips retracements seems to pay...

I'm not fully loaded on this one, only 70%, as I was expecting deeper retracements that didn't came this time and I don't want to add at higher prices.

Learning from the past to get better entries, near SMA, or no entry at all even if from time to time, like now, I'm not fully loaded.

With the base of this recent impulse, we have a second point to draw our trend, the 13th of the year !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #611 ---
I closed my long position on this one, big move and I'm happy with the profit with RR 3:1.

Have a nice day!

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Well done, very nice !

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Importance of not giving a shit about what others say, trade your way, ignore the rest.

--- 帖子 #614 ---
LOL, yes, very well said, it's a long time now that I'm not paying any attention anymore to fortune tellers, and more than that, I'm almost allergic to them, that's why I maybe look a bit harsh at times...

--- 帖子 #615 ---
sold EU on trendline break and close.......checking

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Yes it looks like, we still need a close below SMA for confirmation but have already entered 30% of next position.

We still must be alert, there is the possibility of a fake signal if we come back above the trend...

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Then it is the time!!! #I think

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Yes, the signal is there, I'm in 30% already, let's see what comes next...

--- 帖子 #619 ---
same here

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Well sometimes the market don't want you to make profit with stop hunting.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
what do you mean by that ?

Edit: Your red line was a stop ?

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Yes that was the stop loss before the spike that took it.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
You will have a hard time trading this system with such tight stops.

It's normal to cross the SMA and test the previous trend-line before a move, we see that almost all the time...

That's why I only enter 30% of my final position on the signal and wait for the retracement to add more.

I have now closed it for a small profit as I'm waiting for the retracement, we could bounce again near the SMA or even beyond so I think you will maybe have another opportunity to enter...

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Same🖑

--- 帖子 #625 ---
i like your indicator, may i have it?

--- 帖子 #626 ---
I agree with you, I'm just testing different type of risk management. For the moment the tight stop loss works great for me since early march with a total of profit around 20% risking 3% per trade. It allows me a decent risk reward ratio. My risk management is not the same as you, I close half of my position at RR 1:2 then set to break even and close after a trend break-out. I'm just a beginner and I'm learning so this is just a test for me. Of course I gladly take your advice into consideration.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
What counts is to have a (risk) plan from the beginning and it seems that you have one so all good

Then, remains to see if that plan gives you enough room to trade these swings, that's what you're testing like myself and think most of us.

I think that the system is quite good, the only issue is that it behaves like a wild horse at the beginning trying to catapult you out of the trade, so finding the most secure way to stay on the horse at the beginning to enjoy the ride once that the trend is established...

--- 帖子 #628 ---
its free here....and its not mine.

check page 1

--- 帖子 #629 ---
BT what do you say? Already 30% in? Waiting for news? Waiting for the next week?

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Currently it's one head-fake after the other.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Shake well before use🛠

Then, you'll get fantastic setups

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Yes, we are getting difficult shorter and shorter trends 20-13 and 20-14 have lasted a week for the first and even less for the second...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The reason I see is that we are approaching the end of this compression triangle on the 4 hour chart so the more we go to the right, the shorter the trends...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And it ends only begin of June.

Time to be careful...

--- 帖子 #633 ---
What to do when contrarian signals appear very closely.

I know that it looks counter-intuitive to continue to add to losing positions and moreover continue doing so after a sell signal appears.

The logic here is that since I began building a long position when the long signal appeared after trend 20-14, I don't want to switch between long and short that fast during a so weak and slow market.

So I'm waiting the price action to either invalidate my long trade by making a lower low, lower than last swing low or on the contrary validate it by making a new high higher than the last swing high.

So as counter-intuitive as it seems there is some logic in this, hopefully ;-), and most important, I'm trading according to a plan and with a pre-determined risk.

Let's see what the outcome will be...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #634 ---
thanks again BT, I'm still having some longs but initially i  had huge dd but all recovered now; initially thought that trend was against us but now all okay

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Here we go, get on the ride!

--- 帖子 #636 ---
You're welcome but don't claim victory too early, we have to clear that last swing at 08750 to confirm the up trend, we are still somewhere in between now...

--- 帖子 #637 ---
at least we are in sync with the signal again, always prefer that than being on the other side...

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Hi BT,

You have a big heart to share your system + transparent & brave enough to show others your live account = Genuine Steady Trader, nothing to hide and boost for.

Really admire kind of trader like you!

Wish green pips with you always! Cheers!

Btw subcribed your threat

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Hi JetSpeed!

Thank you, I also do it for myself, trading publicly it's a also a way of not cheating on yourself.

Welcome aboard and good luck to you too!

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Hi Brokertrader,

Just started reading through this thread. I've got to say, it looks like a really good system.

This will give me a good read over the weekend and in lockdown .

Thank you for sharing it.

Delta

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hi Delta!

I think it is, I hope you will find it interesting to read and maybe to trade...

Welcome aboard!

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Congrats BT! That’s a lot of green pips

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Thanks but all those are still floating until booked ! but at least they will give me some fresh air to breath during the weekend...

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Well you see, only took a small portion of them but still some profit for the trade and I'm being tired of this market that has no direction since begin of May...

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Hi guys

I found a method to use your indicator

Take a look

P.S Why on your myfxbook overview the last trade is buy? The trend on SmaSRSI is blue (short)

--- 帖子 #646 ---
You might try reading the thread first..

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Once that you get the indicator you're free to do whatever you want with it but that must remain private, you're method is not what is discussed here and if you read my last posts, you will understand why I was long on my last trade.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
You are on the wrong instrument. See thread title.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
I think new trend already started and I'm in it.

--- 帖子 #650 ---
I don't think it will last long but it could if we go over the recent swing high at  1.0977

Personally I have taken a trade a the top of the compression triangle that I talked earlier, this is a non system trade so don't take much care of it and beware that the SMA is almost flat and will stay as long as we remain in this triangle zone...

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Hi

We automated this trading system for Ninjatarder 8 platform. It has good results for forex instruments.

You can test it.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Interesting! Thanks for your work!

Now putting aside all the pairs that have EUR or USD in it as for me it makes no sense increasing the exposure in one or another if you already trade EURUSD, and putting also aside JPY (just because too volatile for me) I see that AUDCHF has the less drawdown if I understand your tables.

So this one could be a candidate if we would like to diversify a bit...

This is how AUDCHF looks vs EURUSD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Interesting, I think I will observe it and maybe give it a try in the next weeks, who knows...

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Zooming into April and May trends, definitely worth a look...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #654 ---
I reported you to the Forexfactory admins and asked to flag you as a commercial member. You should not be allowed to post in this part of the forum.

To all readers: On his website he tries to sell Broketrader's system for $500, and other free systems from Forexfactory.

See http://amntrader.com/AMNTrader-com-Swing-MNTrader/ for Broketrader's system.

See http://amntrader.com/AMNTrader-com-%D0%A1hannel-VA-MNTrader/ for this system.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #655 ---
I think that what he sells is the automation part for ninja trader because he's not hiding that the system comes from me as there is a link to this thread on his page and I think that legally he can do that but anyway I don't care, I don't have time and energy to spend on that.

Thank you for making us aware of it...

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Legally he can do that, of course. But doing it in this part of the forum is against FF rules. And for a good reason as most of such offers are cons. However one wants to see it, there is absolutely no difference between his site and the countless other websites selling the holy grail to beginners.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
I completely agree

--- 帖子 #658 ---
hello BT, thanks for the system, can i know what is the value of the STORSI indicator? i cannot locate it in the previous thread, i'm  just using the web platform of Oanda. thanks

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Looks like we are having a decent trend after the 4 previous tentatives, that's a good thing, just waiting for a new signal now ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Entered with 40% on new signal, my previous sell was an anticipation, will add more on retracement later, stop is around last swing high...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Will also initiate a trade on AUDCHF as it's giving a signal soon, stop is above swing like EU, will load 40% only, no more, just to learn to trade this pair...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Extending trading to Majors + EURGBP and EURJPY !

Starting from now, I will cut by a third my risk on EURUSD and distribute that risk plus some more over all the other Majors.

In all, I will be trading now EURUSD, USDJPY, GBPUSD, AUDUSD, USDCHF, NZDUSD, USDCAD, EURGBP and EURJPY !

By doing so I will increase my risk from actually 15% per trade to something like 26% ! This is for the worst case scenario where I'm in on all pairs and all terminate in a loss. So my risk on EU will be now of 10% per trade while all others will carry 2% per trade.

I will keep trading EU as I do now while the rules for the others majors will be different in only 3 points.

1. There is only one entry on signal.2. Profit targets are to be kept small, 50 pips seems to work well on all pairs.3. Stop Loss maximum is 75 pips even if previous swing is farther than that.

The lot size is calculated using the distance from signal (ENTRY) to previous swing high or low (STOP) which should always form a short term top or bottom but limited to 75 pips as said on point 3, if that distance is greater than that.

The trades should be entered with their SL and TP set from the beginning, that way I can forget about them.

These were all the setups for May on all pairs.

USDJPY: 150 pips gain 75 pips loss = +75

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBPUSD: 150 pips gain, 75 pips loss = +75

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDUSD: 100 pips gain, 75 pips loss = +25

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDCHF: 100 pips gain = +100

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NZDUSD: 150 pips gain = +150

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDCAD: 250 pips gain, 75 pips loss = +175

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURGBP: 100 pips gain, 75 pips loss = +25

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURJPY: 100 pips gain, 75 pips loss = +25

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So, overall in May, I would have had: 75+75+25+100+150+175+25+25 = 650 pips profit !

Now, as always, this seems all nice but it's still only theory as long has it hasn't proved profitable live and on the long run !
Meaning that I will give it a try for a week, a month or a year, I don't know, and then see if it's a way I can go or not.
.
.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Lol, another preacher man with its crystal ball !

I' have been trading this, 6+ months now, well not in all majors but EU and only using my MM on which apparently you know nothing but still know already it won't let me survive, damn I'm just wondering how I have been able to survive until now without you !

Hopefully we have you on board now... well I prefer not!

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Small Update:

a) Absolute stop loss used for lot calculation will be 50 pips except for GBPUSD and EURJPY where I will use 75 pips.

b) TP will be as per my own judgement (no fixed target).

Next Trades:

short 0.36 GU @ 1.21693

short 0.45 AU @ 0.65320

short 0.45 NU @ 0.60933

short 0.37 EG @ 0.89457

short 0.32 EJ @ 117.161

long 0.63 UC @ 1.40041

Some EU must be closed to reflect new risk and AUDCHF has to be closed as it's replaced by AUDUSD.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Having a closer look at UC which is a bit weak but still resilient.

Should it made a new short term low, I will consider closing it before eventually re-enter if trend resumes.

No need to let it go till the 50 pips limit, if price action is against me!

Edit: Same story for EJ!

All others are in their recent trading range as the market is quiet this morning.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Added long 0,60 UJ @ 107.753 a bit in anticipation but we should have a signal if it remains at that level the next couple of hours...

UC seems to be improving a bit, good sign...

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Why the switch from the 100 sma to the 96 sma?   Thanks.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Pure cosmetic, only because 96 rounds to 4.00 days (96/24) while 100 gives 4.16

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Took a loss on UC and reverted it to short, short 0.63 UC @ 1.39742
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Thank you for sharing this system with us. I follow with excitement.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
So it looks like it was not the best moment to try this as I got my first full reversal in EU and everything went upside down !

The 50 pips risk was a bad idea, the initial idea of using the previous swing was far better and would have been more relax to trade.

Entering on all pairs was not a good idea for a try, needed too much monitoring... consider only adding 1-3 if any, no more.

Needs to rethink if really reasonable to add any other pair to trade, as I have made already very good profits on almost only EU !

Think using signal impulse on EU to enter one shot quick profit trade (wave 0) as an alternative.

In case I would like to retry:

a) reduce the number of pairs and b) trade with only 0.01 lots, c) collect stats for at least 3 months, then conclude if it's worth the effort or not.

A lot of things to think about so I revert to EU only while I try to get answers to all this.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
I really like your systematic approach, watching closely! Thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Yes, regularly, I think when I'm bored, I do some shitty trading. When that arises, one important thing is to be honest with one self and try to get something out of it because otherwise it's just money spent for nothing. I think I have taken something out of this episode but only time will tell if I have fully understood the lesson.

You're welcome!

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Wow! Just got what I needed, one good push from last trend line touch at 1.10 to put the account again near the top.

I Could have bought at a better level as I missed the retracement to SMA in that big bull candle but at that moment I was somehow not focused on my trading, I was feeling like the system was derailing because of the choppy market we had in the previous weeks so when that happens, let the market do it's thing and just trade the system and have patience... still have to learn that.

When the trend was there, just added some heavy trades in the direction of the signal and it just worked so I'm happy with what I have but still plenty of things to rethink and review this weekend.

Have survived another month, need to relax a bit and clear my mind in order to have a clean month of June !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Congrats, nice to see you back on track.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Nicely Done!!!

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Nice trading.

Hope you do not mind me asking the following questions.

Do you have any timing on these trades?

or do you watch the charts every hour?

From reading your post i am not sure if your stop loss management is still the same.

In your first post you mentioned Stop Loss and Money management at the trader's discretion, Are you still using a mental stop loss ? or do you have a rigid one.?

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Nice win. You invested quite heavily in those trades, more than I've seen you do before. Any reason why you did that or why you were so confident to do so?

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Thanks, I have no issues with people asking, I only have issues with fortune tellers ;-)

The only timing is given by the SMA-96 and price action near of it meaning that a new signal will be generated but also when price is near the trend line (if you have one) if you need to re-enter the trend, like the latest trade that I entered, that's when I need to watch closely, otherwise, when the trend is well established, I only watch the closing hour or every 2 hours but sometimes also continuously just because I enjoy it.

My stop management is still the same for the system trades but I use rigid stops around 10-15 pips when I enter later with bigger lots like my latest trade.

For system trades I use previous swing plus some margin to calculate my lot size according to the risk I take but I don't set any stop on the trade itself, I prefer to close manually.

Now, these are the general rules but I often try alternatives, just because I'm not fully happy with my entries and exits, they are a work in progress but the overall system is there.

I hope this answers your questions.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Thanks, it was not a question of confidence, I only thought that it was worth taking the risk if the trend was resuming, I explain...

I saw the price going well under the trend and then retracing and closing right on the trend (candle A), like it did in candles B and C and that for me was a sign so I got the previous low as stop which was 10 pips away and decided to take the risk and go for 700$ on that trade which was about 11% of account balance (I had ~6400 at that exact moment), that is 7 lots.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So the most important thing when taking a trade is to know how much you are risking on it if you are going to take it, what convinced me at that exact moment was the price coming back to the trend, nothing else ! It could very well had crossed the trend on the next candle and I would have taken an additional loss but overall the trade was good, risked 700 for a profit 5600, that's a 1:8 risk/reward ratio, of course you don't know that when you take the trade but I would have been happy even getting 700 or 1K out of it if the price action had decided otherwise...

--- 帖子 #680 ---
I see a possibility of a reversal if current hour confirms the top pinbar, and that could be followed by a later test of the trend-line.

I plan to go short very slowly now and a bit bigger later if price action confirms...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Hats off to you sir, I am observing your system for over month now. I hope one day I could follow it consistently with proper risk management. The best thing in you is, you know what you are risking and what is your take profit. Maybe your experience is what gives you an edge over Forex Trading Loser like me. I keep falling but could not discipline my trading.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Makes perfect sense. I didn't realise on big trades you have stops so tight but I am pleased you do as it is something I have been playing with the idea of doing - wish I'd done it today as would have saved me 30+ pips on a loss. I notice with my system that at my signal the price almost always never comes back if the signal is a good one so seems a bit silly having big stop as you're taking a bigger loss for no reason. Trying to use my Oanda account today so that my trade results will get shown on here as I work on a mac and mostly use IG so metatrader is a pain. I feel like your system has a lot of things I can learn from and can add to mine so enjoying the watch.

Glad you're back in the positive! Seen a lot of traders on here get hammered this last week or so. Seeing good traders win is always good for my confidence.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Thanks!

You are right about the risk, I think this is anyway the most important thing to focus on, but except for the last trade where I did know where I wanted to exit, normally is to the system to tell you where to exit, so at the beginning of a trade I have usually no idea, except for the stop loss

Now don't be to rude against yourself, It's years I have been trading Forex and this is the first time I'm still green after 6 months, I can tell you that it has been a difficult path for myself too, and I'm far from saying that I'm at the end of the tunnel, as I said previously my first milestone is to stay green for a year, that would be really significant for me, maybe from there my trading will be more consistent and stable.

Good luck to you and don't forget that we are all in a never ending learning process !

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Some shitty pa at previous hour, hesitating in going north or south, it seems that we have now a good bearish move, let's see if we can close the hour below 1.11

--- 帖子 #685 ---
No kidding it takes time.  I don"t trade your system but  i have started to become profitable this year  and this is my 11th year with the markets.  although style of trading which i'm having success with i have only been using for the past 3 years. And  i would say the first 5 years were just b.s trying to find a holy grail system of indicators.

I think most successfull experienced traders would advise newcomers to ditch indicators, except maybe 1 and just focus on price action and market structure.  That will hasten the process.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Thanks for taking the time to reply.

so with a small initial entry your Stop loss is more flexible.

but when you enter late you have a tighter stop.

That's useful to know.

How about targets ? i see that some trades you exited quite quicky .

Do you have set targets such as previous HH or LL or rigid say 100 pips target?

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Well, being profitable with a system and if you're happy with your results for 3+ years is a great accomplishment, Congratulations !!!

My road of profitability is shorter but I think that I progress every month so maybe in 2 years hand a half from now I will be where you are now...

Tag a wall with "cisco92111 was here!" so I will see it and tag it when I'm there... that remembers me that movie "The Shawshank Redemption", if you haven't seen it go watch it ! We are like those prisoners in our losing prison and one day we are liberated and must learn to remain free, without falling again.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #688 ---
No, I don't have specific or rigid targets and yes, very often I get out too fast, it's something I'm working on and the good thing is that there will always be another trend to trade in the next days so I will have plenty of occasions to improve that, that's the beauty of trading the 1 hour instead of the daily.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Thanks

Appreciate you taking time to post your trades and answer the queries.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Possible pin bar forming at recent top, this is not system trade just price action so I'm not putting too much faith in it.

I will enter short small with a stop just above it, if it's genuine, the price shouldn't go above it and it will be a nice way to anticipate the next swing...

Also watching those near the top trend lines that could add more confirmation...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #691 ---
As it often happens it was a bear trap, no issues, will wait other signs and retry later...

--- 帖子 #692 ---
The stop loss was too tight, should have put at least 10 pips !

It did just like on the previous trade, getting bears under the trend line and closing above it so i'm trying a long trade with a stop just below of this previous wick.

Same trade but far smaller! I will either get stopped or close if I see a close under this top trend line.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
On the wrong side again, the first trade was right but too tight stop, so re-entering again that trade with a stop above high but will close it if it approaches the trend line again (fake break) or if it doesn't break the trend lines below in the coming hours.

If it fails, it will be the last trade in this context.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Finally went long at the bounce from the trend to be in sync with the signal and go with the flow. I could get some profits out of it if the trend still last some more days  or get a loss if it ends in the following hours or day, we will see, price action near or with a trend break will certainly convince me to close.

Have to learn to leave something like 20% when getting profits and keep that fraction until next signal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Hello BT and everyone,

just joined this thread while trying to get a hook on swing trading. I succeeded in downloading the RSI indicator ( spent the whole night reading this thread....quite exhausting.) but my problem is with the trend lines and how to measure risk when entering the trades. Is there a particular way the trend lines should be drawn? How does one measure risk when entering trades with this system? I would like to get my sails in line with the parameters of this thread before continuing. Please aid me in this regard.

thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
I can respond only with what I use for the risk and trend-lines, the best way maybe being illustrating it, so let's take the current trend.

Below you see the first event, when you get the signal.

I use the distance from my entry to the recent low swing to calculate my maximum risk and the trend-line is flat which in fact represents the stop loss. Of course this stop loss is a maximum, as price going below SMA again would generate a short signal and that would act as a "dynamic" stop loss.

So at that moment, you have to accept the risk you take as you don't know how events will unfold.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then, price move in our favor, making a higher low and a higher high, which is the definition for an up trend.

So you have a second point, the new lower low, with which you can now draw a trend.

Sometimes people use the wicks or extremes to draw them, the dotted line, but that's not my preference as I consider everything outside the opening and closing prices as noise in this time frame, so I use the closings to draw my trend lines and my experience on EU on 1H says the the closings are often more respected and can eventually give an opportunity to enter the trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then, the price continue its course making higher highs and higher lows always respecting the closing as you can see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Same picture, certainly more clear, using the line chart which uses the closings...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Again, everyone as it's own preferences, not arguing one is better than other, this is just my way of doing it.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Hello.

Tell me, what kind of platform? Are there any alternatives for the platform MetaTrader 5?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Hi broketrader

Thanks for the feedback about maximum stop loss and dynamic stop loss. I has given me a new way of thinking about stop loss placement .

Del

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Hi, please read shorter threads from the beginning. There are several reasons for this.

1/. It shows respect to the thread start, who may not wish to keep re answering the same questions. ie your question may have been answered already.

2/. On FF the thread starter is able to continually edit their 1st post. So as the thread gets too long to read from the beginning, they can update their 1st post.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #700 ---
trendline break?

disregard the entry, its my cent account i use to do risky trades!

--- 帖子 #701 ---
We are on the trend-line right now at 1.1205 and we have ECB intervention this afternoon...

I need a bit more downside to initiate my short position and close my long because there is still a chance of rebound from here.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
There are chances but as I said I will wait one or two more closes below it for confirmation.

PS. Your stop should be above the high, not in the middle of it, just my 2 cents ;-)

--- 帖子 #703 ---
i know! That's why i said disregard! lolz   thanks mate

--- 帖子 #704 ---
You saw that, last 10 min of the hour pushed the price back above the trend-line, this hour close will maybe talk more...

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Thank you BT for your strategy

i just finished reading the 19 pages of your system

Amazing one keep moving forward

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Lolz! Its a rocket!

--- 帖子 #707 ---
The dancing markat .

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Yes all normal given the ECB is due for a talk in 15 min.

I think we won't know the true direction before 15h CET

--- 帖子 #709 ---
follow the trend GO for long only....dont think the reversal as of now....the price is still above the 96 MA...

--- 帖子 #710 ---
We had to wait till 16h but I think that we now have it...

Glad I didn't fall in the fake break trap, Sorry Bororo and don't worry, I did exactly the same mistakes in the past, it looks like I have learned something...

--- 帖子 #711 ---
hahahaha! happy to help make you feel good with yourself! lesson learnt today.....Trade what you see and not what you think!

--- 帖子 #712 ---
If you knew me, you wouldn't say that. I never feel good because somebody else fails, that doesn't help me in anything, as I told you and you have been following the thread, you know that I felt there too and not only once.

Now I'm learning to remain as neutral as I can, whatever happens with my trades.

I'm starting to realize that the market can do whatever he wants at any moment. To realize also that every trade is unique and that I will never know, and never should try to anticipate its outcome.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
i didint mean it that way! i was just making fun......and i didnt fail, i learnt a valuable lesson.

thanks for making 2020 better for us!

cheers

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Took profits on what I think was my last trade with this trend 20-17 and also because I have to learn to take profits consistently.

Then I have been taking some random trades trying to be with the flow but there was not really a clear direction. My last short bias is from that 4H pin-bar candle which wick could be signaling a short term top but if there is no PA to confirm I could get out of it very quickly...

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Previous low broken, waiting for a lower high.....or was that last push it? Any how, I am waiting for the MA break and change in color. Have a lovely weekend folks!

--- 帖子 #716 ---
First of all, thank you BT for your sharing your trading system so generously!

I ran a simple backtest using the rules stated in post 1. Exit position when new counter side signal appears. I have uploaded two plots. In attachment `backtest_swing_trade.png`  is the pips profit and loss cumulative plot from 2015-01-1 till 2020-03-03.  In `swing_trade_dur_pip.png` plot is the relationship between trade duration in hours and pip gained.

A few points I see are:

1. The strategy performs only good after year 2018. Not sure if its because the parameters are tuned based on this period.

2. The strategy can capture some big movements, but also has too many small losses. Result in a net loss in long run.

3. Trades PnL are linearly correlated with its holding duration, Pearson correlation is 0.67.

4. Statistic shows that for trades have less than 10 hours holding period, there is no chance to win, but it doesnt mean we would definitely win if we wait 10 hours and then enter.

5. The mean pips PnL for trades with less than 48 hours are -27pip per trade,  for those above are +35 pip per trade.

Hope it can bring you some attention and ways to improve it. Also please note that my calcualtion/script/data may contains error. Dont completely trust it untill someone else can crosscheck it.

Kind regards,

XL

--- 帖子 #717 ---
In the goal of becoming a consistent, and hopefully winning trader, beginning with the next trade, I have decided to write down (report) my plans for the trade and at the beginning of every trend, so in the future I will have a clear statement to which I can refer and see how well or bad I executed my trades and if I'm improving or deteriorating.

These short reports will look like tickets in which I will detail all the aspects of the trade: Risk, Entry and Exit and on which I will also write back, at the end of trade, how the execution was done and of course, the result of the whole operation.

This will also give me a clear result by trend instead of by trade, as any trend will carry one or two initial trades but eventually some extra ones.

As with all the things I try and experiment, I don't know in advance if this will help or on the contrary limit my trading, if it's good or bad, so again, I will be pragmatic before adopting this definitely while at the same time being open to recognize if this really brings the consistency I could be happy with.

Have to try to find out...

So this is my first Ticket for future trend 20-18:

=========================================
TRADE 20-18 / BALANCE : 12 K / STATUS : OPEN

=========================================
MAXIMUM RISK (a) : 10% (1200) over 100 pips => 1.2 Lots

=========================================
TRADE PLAN

ENTRY (b) :

:::: Trade 1: Enter 30% (0.36L) on TL cross before SMA Signal.

:::: Trade 2: Enter 70% (0.84L) at SMA near signal.

EXIT (c) :

:::: On trend-line cross before SMA signal.

:::: On signal if no other clear sign.

=========================================
EXECUTION

ENTRY (b) :

(1) 0.25L @ 1.1318 SL 50 pips

.

.

.

.

=========================================
EXECUTION CONTROL : AP=As Planned / F=Failed

Risk (a) :

Entry (b) :

Exit (c) :

=========================================
RESULT :

=========================================
COMMENTS :

Entry (1) was near but before TL cross but is also

partial, 0.25/0.36 lots

=========================================

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Ok, certainly that your intentions are good, but certainly true also you have not read the thread and not even the first post where I clearly say “Please don't post charts or other material not related with the system or of different pairs.”

And there was a reason behind that, which is not that I think that I have the better system in the world and that the others out there are crap, no, it’s because I’m definitely out of that vicious circle where a lot of traders are trapped, and it’s the same reason why I don’t want any additional filter or artifact to the system I currently trade, so I will tell you, maybe it will sound familiar to you and if not, certainly for somebody else.

You know that story of the trader that builds or get a system, he trades, he wins, he get a losing streak, he realizes something is missing to his system, a yeah that MACD or STOCH filter was missing to filter bad trades, he trades, he wins, he has a losing streak again, oh! Bollinger bands or ichimoku clouds, how could he have missed them! He trades, he wins, he has again a losing streak, tired he realizes it was not the right trading system for him so he puts it in the trash bin, he goes back to FF trading system forum list looking for that new “state of the art” system because he’s convinced that his own was just crap. So he gets that new system and guess what… he trades, he wins and he gets a losing streak and the story repeats again and again and not because he’s looking for an acceptable or eventually good system, no, he’s looking for a perfect system which just doesn’t exist.

Now certainly that some are crap but certainly that some are good as well, the thing is that he doesn’t understand that a system is only one component alongside with psychology and money management, and on the system itself, he doesn’t understand either that adding more variables (filters) trying to make it perfect, only changes its nature making of it another similar but different system, and that by doing so he never knows if the original system he got was good enough to bring him the success and consistency he’s desperately looking for.

I know so well that story, but that was the past for me, not the present, period !

I think that now everyone understands why I refuse adding stuff to something which, not being perfect, gives me what I think is really a good edge and far enough to be successful as long as I align good money management and psychology with it.

If you understand that as well, please kindly delete your post (Edit > Delete).

Thank you for that.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Apologises. Been through all that too.

Post deleted respectfully.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
No issues, thank you

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Hi xialoei,

Thanks for your work! It reminds me again how important market judgement and money management will be when those times will come and that I sense that the system is not working as it should. Still as I said already I don't want to add more filters or try to improve it because I know it will only be a waste of time, I'm repeating myself like a broken record, but it's OK. I Prefer to focus in developing skills that will allow me to be aware to see at which moment I should pay special attention to money management and of course, above everything, the market.

Yes, I created the system based essentially on 2019 data and now of course present 2020 data, I had no data previous to that.

Now, there are several factors that your test cannot take into account:

a) Sometimes it's possible given the price action, to sense if we are in front of a fake signal or not, for example, let's say you ride a long trend, then it reverses and you initiate another trade and the retracement of that trade is big enough to generate a contrary signal, what is the price action on that signal ? is there exhaustion or on the contrary has the sma been crossed with strong momentum ? That needs human judgement that no automated test can replicate and no need to go into 2018, there are examples of that in 2020!

b) Trend lines are an important trait of this system and your test doesn't account for them. Not always but sometimes they are even capable of avoiding a fake signal or a second fake signal.

c) How an automated test can take into account incoming important news ? Impossible ! I, as a human, if for example I see that a signal is coming at 14H CET close, knowing that a 14H30 we have the NFP numbers, maybe I will think twice before entering, maybe I will enter small, maybe I will enter and exit at 14h25 if the price hasn't traveled a good distance in my direction, or maybe, I will enter and put a stop loss at BE, whatever I decide, it will be my own judgement and no automated test can simulate that.

Those are also the same reasons why this system cannot be automated and I could continue with more examples but I think that you get the idea.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Hi together,

try to backtest the both indis - but they are dont working. Any tips?

https://charts.mql5.com/24/972/eurus...services-2.png

--- 帖子 #723 ---
hello traders! broktrader hi! is it advisable to make another trendline? seeing that price broke the last and mad a high or we just simply adjust like mine? thanks

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Hi !

Sometimes I add "secondary" lines but in this specific case I will keep the original, for me the break was a fake, nothing more.

But that's just my way of doing...

--- 帖子 #725 ---
This time the trend is clearly broken, no doubt and we are close to the next sell signal.

I have a bit changed my plans for my entry, I will add on signal or on SMA, but my position will be only 30% of my final position, the 70% remaining will be entered on the next retracement if there is any! I will also add on further retracements with tight stops, I want to experiment again what I did on the previous trend and see how it works...

Will post a chart when the signal is here...

Edit:

Well, I just realized that entering 30% and 70% is not different at all from what I wrote in post #744, at least in that regard, I'm consistent... what I was thinking in fact is that I will get that position in 2 trades, one already there and the next to come.

On the retracement I expect the price to not travel more than 50 pips once he's back to SMA or near of it, so my stop will be 50 pips instead of previous swing high. This is because I consider that once the signal is there, the trend is somehow "locked" and that the price shouldn't travel very far on the other side of the SMA. Narrowing the stop loss allows for bigger lot size. Greed is talking but somehow under control as all this is only allowed once that signal is present.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
On H1 is broken, but i wait the same on H4 for confirmation

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Went above trend line but closed below it, seems a bit undecided but following hours will fix the direction...

Waiting touch of SMA to complete my 30% or cancel if up trend resumes !

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Closed above trend-line again, bears getting mad, bulls I don't know... we will see next close...

--- 帖子 #729 ---
hi friend, you have a good method here.

be carefull with your trades.

kind regards!

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Hi tnavi, thanks for the kind words and Welcome if you are following !

--- 帖子 #731 ---
What a flat day today....

The trend-line break looks like a cardiogram...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But let be positive even if we don't know the outcome... the more we shift to the right, the more valid becomes the trend-line break...

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Added the remaining part of the 30% on SMA touch, SL 50 pips away...

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Very nice SMA crossing candle showing the signal with its blue light for the first time but given the recent price action, it remains to be seen if it's genuine or not...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit: And for those interested, I'm updating on post #1 in real time my trade ticket that I introduced in post #744, I will post a closed ticked when the trend/trade is terminated.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
im in

--- 帖子 #735 ---
I'm in too!

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Each losing trade must be an occasion to learn something, get new ideas...

Thanks to this trade, I'm taking away two things, of which the second one I'm specially proud ;-)

1) The initial partial entry must be calculated using the previous swing plus some margin instead of the arbitrary 50 pips. In my case, that would have been 30% of 1K over 120 pips = 300/(120*10) = 0.25 lots

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2) To preserve the account and eventually financially manage a losing streak, when a trade is a loser, as maybe it will be the case here, it's only allowed to trade the remaining of the initial risk of the first trade in the next signal. For example, If I lose these 30% (300$) or whatever in this trade, only the remaining (700$) will be allowed as risk for the next trade, so as we repeat the process, we initially risk 30% of 700 etc. This process is repeated until we get a successful exit.

Cost of this lesson: 177$, plus maybe 122$

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Yes, the red line is the correct SL i think..

P.S 5 minuts ago i have make the same short channel

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Yes, and for the channel, often I draw patterns and on higher time frames as well but it's just to see where I am, I don't trade those.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
First: Thank you for this thread here. Its a great system. I know, here we are only talking about EURUSD, but in Gold it works amazing today. I hope, EURUSD will move direction in the next hours again, so we are loosing not to much money.

I think the channel could be a bullish flag - so i hope we can get out of this trade when its going down to the other Channel-Side. Again: Thank you for your work here. Its the first trading-system that makes sense for me.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Not important losing position it's Part of trading, the method is working good, position setup was perfect to short

--- 帖子 #741 ---
You are welcome!

Just two things: It's good to know from the beginning how much we risk so in case the trade is a loser, we know from start and accept how much we could lose, then no need to have hope, fear or anything... You don't read me or you trade another system. I don't mind about the bullish flag, again I don't trade any other pattern that appears on top of my system, I just draw them for the fun. Now, if you are short and price goes down and you exit while the signal is still blue, then you're simply not trading the system but instead deviating from it. My trade plan remains as originally, as long as I see blue, I will stay short until stopped out. If I'm stopped out and price falls again to SMA and signal is still blue (short) I will enter again short 30% of remaining risk, from there, if eventually and finally we go south and then retrace to SMA I will complete my (short) position.

All this remains valid until the signal color changes to green (long).

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Additional "filters" will improve/fix only the last loser. They will not help the system in general. There's only one additional thing we may be allowed to pay attention to, and that's context. Context in the view of this system is USDX and EURX (which EURUSD is a mirror of). The big picture comes from there, and that's the only picture we may get additional hints from for our trade decisions.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
A filter is some additional criteria you add to the system to enter or not the trade, an additional variable.

So you misunderstood me or I didn't explained well because these are not!

The trade is entered purely on signal, nothing else, when I say "the initial partial" means it's part of the same trade or setup, just that I cut it in two 30% and 70% to better manage my risk.

For the other sentence, when I say "To preserve..." it's also pure risk/money management... to eventually limit the losses in case I would be entering a flat market with several consecutive swings to the other side of the SMA. Reducing the size when you get a loser is money management, it changes nothing to the system itself.

As for the context, in the beginning I was also looking at DXY like most people do which is also a mirror and even to other pairs but I soon realized that there was no need to look elsewhere as all the information needed is in the pair you trade. I think that looking elsewhere is just distraction but this is only my opinion, nothing else, and not saying it's bad, anyone has to do whatever he needs if that helps him in feeling better when he trades, that's part of everyone own technique.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
And to emphasize, what I just said about the context, below is an extract from "Trading in the Zone" from Mark Douglas, this book is nothing more than my trading Bible, already read it 4 times and will read it more for sure, for me it's worth its weight in gold and even more and I can't advise you enough to get it and read it if you haven't already.

This is what he says about context...

"
An edge is nothing more than an indication of a higher probability of one thing happening over another.

Creating consistency requires that you completely accept that trading isn't about hoping, wondering, or gathering evidence one way or the other to determine if the next trade is going to work. The only evidence you need to gather is whether the variables you use to define an edge are present at any given moment. When you use "other" information, outside the parameters of your edge to decide whether you will take the trade, you are adding random variables to your trading regime.

Adding random variables makes it extremely difficult, if not impossible, to determine what works and what doesn't. If you're never certain about the viability of your edge, you won't feel too confident about it. To whatever degree you lack confidence, you will experience fear. The irony is, you will be afraid of random, inconsistent results, without realizing that your random, inconsistent approach is creating exactly what you are afraid of. On the other hand, if you believe that an edge is simply a higher probability of one thing happening over another, and there's a random distribution between wins and losses for any given set of variables that define an edge, why would you gather "other" evidence for or against a trade? To a trader operating out of these two beliefs, gathering "other" evidence wouldn't make any sense.
"
Mark Douglas - Trading in the Zone

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Just got the long signal now and should be cancelling my short but given the distance from SMA I can't consider entering long now but only on a retracement which could be the opportunity to eventually close that short so I will let it open until it's stopped out .

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Been stopped out, the current 0.1 sell is just speculation, I'm risking 50$ on it, 10% of my available risk for the next trade...

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Triple top followed by a new signal, let's see if this is the right one.

When we break previous low at 1.1238 we will know that we are in a new trend...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Finally in the EURUSD!

--- 帖子 #749 ---
I think this time we are locked to the downside.

I still would like 1-2 bearish hours to confirm but I profited from that small retracement to complete my position, I'm fully in with 2.5 lots. Also entered old friend EJ but with very small and limited to 50 pips risk.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
What a mess I did to enter this one

Trying to anticipate at the top instead of patiently wait the cross of the SMA and some more clear price action like the one I saw once that the SMA was crossed.

I really need to engineer something to avoid this!

At least I did well entering at the retracement just below the SMA, with a far bigger size than originally planned but this was because of the mess I did initially so Sunday I will be studying again my entries to avoid this in the future.

As for the rest of the trade, that pin-bar that crossed the SMA was the signal, I entered right after and was watching closely because an hourly close above the SMA again would have forced me to close at least partially. Hopefully, this time the price respected that barrier, made a new low and got even the previous low that generated the previous fake signal.

Trend 20-17 is finally gone and 20-18 is here but it's a bit early to draw any definitive trend, thus the dotted line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Looking like it will melt some next week

--- 帖子 #752 ---
congrats for your numbers bro!

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Gracias amigo !

But you're anticipating a bit, those are only floating profits until the trades are close, but I will do my best to ride the trend to the maximum.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Well now you see, always expect the unexpected !

I did not much things wrong this time except being a bit overloaded but my position was good from the beginning and also trading on the retracement just to see that the retracement was a reversal.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Is there no way to all i your system a part get out or close of positions? For example, in my system statistically 81% of my wins will result in the opportunity to take 100 pips. But so I never miss a win, and I gain a bit from some positions which would normally lose, I close half my trades at 50-60 pips then the idea is the other half are closed at 100+ pips.

Could you not have closed half your positions at 70-80 pips because you had more sizeable trades than normal, and then at least you were guaranteeing some profit or return from the trade?

Just feel that your trade and signal was good and seems there was a good opportunity to make some profit and still have plenty left if the trend continued. Would be interested in hearing your thoughts on this.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
You are right and for this particular trade yes, I could have taken some partial profits given that I had entered more than usual but that was not my plan initially, I just wanted to ride the trend and it failed and I accept that. I don't want to start adding "if's" to the system, if this... if that, you see ? Just trade it as it is and accept any outcome, being it a loss, leaving money on the table, etc...

I'm convinced that the only way to become consistent in my trading is to not deviate from the system and particularly during difficult setups so I totally accept the loss given that the trend just reversed.

What I really did wrong here is that I added on the second reversal while I should have kept the initial trade intact.

Hopefully tomorrow is a new day and there will be new trends to trade.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
That’s fair enough, you’ve got to be true to your system and play it as you made it.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Hello guys, I was wondering if anyone is having problems with the mt4 smaSRS196-V8 indicators. I had mine installed but it suddenly stopped uploading and is blank. Please can someone tell me what I'm doing wrong. I tried the latest version and others but its still not showing. what am I missing here.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
On my terminal they work correctly. Do you have any error message in the "Experts" or "Journal" tabs ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #760 ---
They work on my side also, but after some time they enter in some sort of calculation/memory loop (looks like a distorted sine wave on the "used memory" graph..), leading to a freezed mt4 so I switched to TV. These problems might be related, no idea.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
hello, is there an mt5 indicator for this system?

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Sorry for distracting, how can i download trading view platform ?

i get tired of trying

--- 帖子 #763 ---
On a PC, go to https://www.tradingview.com/

On mobile, search for it in PlayStore and I think iTunes Apple.

You need to setup a tradingview account (free) see this post.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
done..

Thanks broketrader

--- 帖子 #765 ---
I was waiting the close to close all my entries... and... have you see that hour candle retracing in the last 5 mins ?

The proof again that the close is really important, let's see now if the rejection of the SMA is confirmed in the next hours...

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #766 ---
From the experts it shows loaded successfully. Does it select systems? I've tried to reinstall the mt4 again but its still the same problem

--- 帖子 #767 ---
sorry but I have no clue about what's going on in your terminal, it's a long time now that I don't use MT4, if anyone can help, please, don't hesitate.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
HI Cossy, minimise the number of max bar back in input o let say 1000 instead of 4800.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
I just tried this out and its working again. I really appreciate your help. Guys thanks for the contribution to the thread its a simple but very profitable one.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Hi guys!

How are you?

So i need a little help... i read the 1 post and a couple pages more and i stiil dont understand the strategy

Can someone please give me a quick explanation on how and why do we enter and what tools do we use? How this strategt actually works?

Thank you

Jan

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Previous hour just closed on the trend-line.

Next couple hours will decide if the trend terminates here or not... watching...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #772 ---
I think that that was all for trend 20-18, of course, the close must still confirm that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The retracement was so strong that of course there was some money left on the table but that's inevitable and I have no problem with that. I still made a profit of 2K on the whole operation and given that the trend was apparently only a retracement, I'm happy with the result.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #773 ---
For me that impulse with so little retracement is proof of a change in market sentiment so I'm preparing to go long.

I will try to do as well in the next trend as I did in this one!

--- 帖子 #774 ---
What a trap! It made me enter 1 lot long but seeing the pa, I just closed and re-entered my previous trade...

--- 帖子 #775 ---
market throws a number of curve balls at you...

i admire the way you handle the last few trades...

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Yeah, I lost some feathers in the battle but as long as I'm globally profitable, it's OK but what a mess

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Good morning and good trading week to all !

The peak of Friday gives a higher point to draw a new trend from the previous fake bull signal.

As a touch of the trend is always the best moment to add to the trade, it's also the time to watch the price action carefully as any close on the other side of the trend would just mean a possible reversal.

So I plan to add another short if we approach 12100 but cancel everything if after that we close above ~12150 in the following hours...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #778 ---
It went to the other side so I think that we are done with 20-18 but who knows...

I took a loss of exactly what I wanted to risk on this (around 500) with the last trades, so everything is OK as I'm trading by the rules.

Now waiting a new signal to start trading 20-19 ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #779 ---
I'm long anticipating a bit the next signal...

--- 帖子 #780 ---
It's there, the first ray of what should be the next trend...

Waiting future retracements to SMA and trend-line, when there is one, to add more...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Day 1 after the entry call...

We got a very nice impulse of around now 100 pips, the only retracement we got was at 3 am CET so I couldn't trade it as I was sleeping

I will just wait the next one...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Adding now ! I missed the low of the candle by 1 pip, can you believe it ?

But I still prefer to enter now, I think this was the retracement I was looking for, even if my entry is not optimal and that there is still risk for more...

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Should have been patient a bit more so I added one more below but could dump them all if the hour closes at the lows of the range...

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Went too low so dumped it all as the retracement is looking like a reversal now

Edit: Will re-enter if we approach again 1.13 or make a tentative at SMA

--- 帖子 #785 ---
No way, it's a reversal, nothing to do except take the losses and wait for the next...

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Why do you think it's a reversal ?

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Well, firstly, by a reversal I mean that we could have a bear signal in the following hours.

The thing is that I don't want to be long and with losses at the moment I get that signal, I prefer to get the losses now if I see that the price action is not doing as I expected and eventually re-enter later if we are back to 1.1290 or higher.

Now, looking at the chart below, my decision was based on:

1) No follow-through on that bullish pin-bar,

2) Price leading towards SMA in a lengthy but consistent fashion, while I prefer quick tests followed by rejections like that pin-bar.

3) SRSI is near 60 which means that as soon as we will touch the SMA, a bear signal will appear.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A reminder for myself: Next time you see a pin-bar followed by such bearish candle, just close. I did it but a bit later...

--- 帖子 #788 ---
okay, thank you for your explanations.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Entered a short on signal and cancelled as I'm not really convinced.

I will wait confirmation with more downside movement and eventually enter on retracement.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Hi. Could someone please make me an ea that closes open trades based on the stochastic value?

I will manually place the trades, I only want this ea to close open trades.

Criteria for closing buy trades:

k line of stochastic has crossed above value 80

*please assign input to stochastic value so that I can change the value if necessary

Criteria for closing sell trades:

k line of stochastic has crossed below value 20

*please assign input to stochastic value so that I can change the value if necessary

please make this work on every tick and make the time period current

Thank you

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Wrong thread.

Put your request in Platform tech: like I will code your EAs and Indicators for no charge

--- 帖子 #792 ---
I remember looking at this thread in the early days and not giving it much thought. I come back a few months later and see that it has turned into a really nice methodology for trading.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Well, I'm half way to my goal of trading this system for a complete year without deviating from the original idea and if possible being profitable in the end.

Building confidence and consistence month after month is a work in progress which if successful should translate in good numbers in December but that still remains to be seen...

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Hi guys, everything okay? I find it a very interesting strategy, but when I load the indicators on my mt4 it doesn't work for me. Anyone else has happened? thank you!

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Since the end of the very nice 20-17 trend we entered a (usually) bullish consolidation flag in blue, which now seems to be morphing into a triangle consolidation in red as 1.12 looks like a good support.

We must be aware that we won't have a decent trending market as long as we stay in these areas but it's still (for me) important to make (prudent) tentatives to trade this market at least to measure how the system can survive in an environment it hasn't been designed for. Still if I had been blindly following the signals, I would have made small losses, or small gains like I did once you recognize that you are in a consolidation zone like now but that's not really relevant.

The important thing here is to recognize early enough these kinds of markets and adapt your trading, not your system, accordingly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #796 ---
I was thinking that the break would appear more by the end of the week than today but not, it broke both the triangle and channel consolidation zones during this Asian session. Unfortunately I couldn't enter earlier as I was asleep, but now that it has broken those consolidation zones it forces me to be in as such a bullish move can't be ignored. I have just adjusted my lot size (risk) accordingly as we are 50 pips from the SMA. Planing to add more when it retraces to near SMA.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit : I took the profits and entered short near at 1.1330 as I expect now a retracement to or near SMA.

I'm just trading the retracement here, not a position, my sentiment goes with the signal, bullish, and I plan to enter again long at or near SMA...

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Happy for yor profits. Time to fold. Take your money off. Stay green.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
If I had followed that kind of advice in the past, I would never had made the kind of substantial jump in equity that I made to grow the account from 1-2K to 10K and would still be trading around 1-3k today.

I don't trade to make quick 1 day profits, I trade a system that follows trends, so I will take what the trend will give, no more, no less. If the floating profits are substantial, it's only because my entry was over-sized, nothing else.

I don't want to look arrogant, because really I'm not, there is one thing that I'm learning to do also which is to not have fear, fear of a loss, fear of leaving money on the table, fear of anything else, I just trade and focus on the system the best I can, being aware of what happens and making the less mistakes possible, that's all.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Good to know you want to maintain discipline.

When should we exit trades based on this system?

Thanks. Your suggestions would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Tough to watch you implode. Why did you go so aggressive with sizing?

--- 帖子 #801 ---
A few weeks ago I wrote:

You answered with Mark Douglas:

This is not personally directed at you but let me respond with Mark Douglas, too, when he was working at Merrill Lynch. That was the same time when after 1 year of trading he had blown all his accounts and decided to turn to writing and start selling books instead:

"All customers are terminal. Our job is to make their trading as comfortable as we can, until they expire."

- Mark Douglas at Merrill Lynch -

People stop following their rules but violating rules is not the point I would like to make. The point I'd like to make is:

It was believing of "trading in the zone" that caused this losses.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Something bad happened and I have no excuses or answers yet for it, I only know that I'm the only responsible of it.

I traded like there was no tomorrow and I really don't know why so I need to understand that, everyone has his demons to fight.

I have to get back the spirit I had in the beginning.

Maybe find out alternative ways to get consistent small profits instead of trying to make a home run on every trade.

The day has been catastrophic but the story for sure won't finish here.

A picture for the records.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #803 ---
« A money wound is not deadly », you still have more than your deposit, read trading in the zone once more, especially the risk management part and start again with much lower leverage/risk per trade.

Wish you all the best.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
I know, at least I have that safeguard rule now, which is to not completely blow the account when I'm wrong.

Trading in the zone is always on my pdf reader on my desk. Thanks for the encouraging words, I'm cleaning up things and will restart with the basics as I describe below.

...

...

One good sleep night has been enough to understand what happened and today things are finally clear. I was under the influence of the 4h flag which was first broken to the upside and then tested, from there I just wanted to go long whatever my signal was telling because I though the price would explode to the upside. I was on the right side for a few moments but after, we all now what happened. So in fact I have been using that flag like a filter and it has totally biased my judgment while at the same time I was telling to everyone here to not add filters or anything as the system is good as it is. I have been violating myself the exact rule I was preaching here, my only excuse is that I wasn't aware of it.

Here is the flag. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My corrective action will be to consider patterns as indicators and once they are in that family to just ignore them as my trading is based on the indicator I use in my system NOT other indicators.

The proof of how blind I was yesterday, is my current long trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I should have entered short where indicated in the chart, so how is it that I'm long ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Remove all higher time frame flags, trends, etc and stay on the 1H chart with the only system I need

Welcome back on earth !

--- 帖子 #805 ---
If you use averaging what I see in your trades history then consider cashout frequently. Because the martingale/averaging/grid will fail 100% in the long run at some point. But it is ok to use those techniques but not with all your capital.

If you have capital 1000 usd then split it into 10 parts. Put in working account 100 usd and trade as you trade (you did quite well ). When reaching 1000 usd then cashout and restart again but this time with 200 usd. Reach 2000 usd - cashout and continue with 400 usd, cashout then when 4000 usd. And so on...

This is just an example - think how to split your capital and when to cash out. You have to ensure to have at least X attempts (10 maybe?) to restart even when blowing out the entire account. Don't keep all your money on account - use wallet to keep capital safe.

For example, you might lose the entire account 3 times in a row but you still will have 7 attempts. Ok if you lose 6 times in a row... well then need to improve trading skills before you continue (with the rest 4 attempts you still have)...

When using averaging always be ready to wipe out the entire account. That's not a tragedy when the rest of your capital is in the wallet.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
I don't use averaging, grid or martingale so you missed totally what I do, thus your post is totally irrelevant and useless.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
On July 9 opened deal with 10 lots after going in drawdown. Then again several deals with 5 lots. Please explain what it was a technique you applied then?

--- 帖子 #808 ---
I was only expecting a rebound from the top of the flag as illustrated in post #832 and I went aggressive because I though the rebound would be significant and this totally ignoring my system. I don't use any grid or averaging calculation or whatsoever, nothing of that.

Normally I should be trading trends on the 1H time frame, the start of those trends being signaled by the system as explained in post #1.

The risk I take on every trade is at my own discretion and don't need to be discussed here.

That's all, my last trades are completely dumb, so son't try to understand or get anything logical from them, except that they were completely out of what I should have been doing, again as I say in post #832.

Again, I think that my trading is good (of course I don't talk about the last 2 days), and that my money management is good as well even if it's a bit aggressive, otherwise I wouldn't have grown an account from 1K to 10K so I don't want to put everything through the window. But all this is true only if I trade my system as I have designed it and don't deviate from it so the only things that I have to put through the window are the time frames higher than 1H and all patterns without exception.

And that's what I have just done, from now on, I will exclusively look at 1H charts, nothing else, having on them my system and the trends.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
I sign with that sentence at every post and yet I have forgotten it.

Simplicity is the Ultimate Sophistication

So from now on, let's keep things simple and clear !

1 Pair, 1 Time frame, 1 system, 1 trend at a time, keep everything else outside !

--- 帖子 #810 ---
broketrader, You are a good trader. Believe in yourself, as we believe in you! You will succeed!

--- 帖子 #811 ---
I love that statement !!!

SOOO hard to teach people to stick to that.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
If I may, with all due respect, I don’t think the flag pattern was a bad idea, it reacted very well on the H1, for example the bounce on the lower channel on June 22, then the bounce on the upper channel on June 23 followed by another on July 2 and then on the broken upper channel on July 7, all would have produced great r:r ratio returns but one. I do not see anything wrong by spotting h4/daily patterns and trading them on the H1. Of course the hit rate might be smaller but the high reward versus risk largely outweigh that. Indeed if such was not your plan and losses occurred perhaps you shouldn’t have deviated, only you can tell.

But the problem is that such mistakes are gonna happen in discretionary trading, also in discretionary trading we have the tendency to blame the loosing trades while you wouldn’t (haven’t ?) if they were winnings.

I think the biggest problem was the leverage/risk being too big on your last trades and that triggered emotions which brought a downward spiral that almost blew up all the account.

Mistakes, different conditions, etc... are gonna happen, the only way to prevent it is to use low risk on EVERY trade.

In conclusion I think that your trading skill is good just the risk management was off on the last few loosing trades.

Cheers,

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Just a Speed Bump... Refocus and go do what you know to do!

--- 帖子 #814 ---
I will try, Thank you !

Yes, I think I'm almost at it, I just need to learn to apply the "keep everything else outside" concept.

In the absolute, what you say is correct but in the very specific case that concerns me, I'm convinced that it's not, simply because I don't have the habit, knowledge and feeling to trade those. You can replace "flag" by anything else like pivot, divergence or whatever and your statement is still true and I'm not telling that those concepts are worse or better, I don't mind, it's just that I simply don't know how to trade them and I have just given the proof. I mean even if I recognize the pattern, I'm just not prepared to trade it correctly, that's all. It's evident now that it was a dumb move to be trading a system for 6 months and then on one day suddenly trade a thing totally different.

About the mistakes, I agree when you say that such mistakes are gonna happen, let them gonna happen like just now, the important thing is how you react to them, if you learn something from them and what you put in place to avoid them in the future. I'm not capable of avoiding all the mistakes, again, I just gave the proof of it but I think that I'm capable of learning from them, the proof is that I have been profitable for 6 months and personally I have never reached that level in the past, and still my account is not dead yet. We must be honest about ourselves and recognize when we are wrong and try to learn from that while at the same time be careful not throwing away the part that made it possible to get there.

So I recognize that I have made a mistake, that it was costly but also that until 3 days ago, all was going quite well, so I will go back to do what I was doing 3 days ago or one month ago, and take the necessary actions to avoid my last dumb trades. As I said previously, and that concerns only me, one of those actions which is simple and clear, is to exclude patterns from my trading and it's a good thing because it's a thing less to take care of.

Thanks, exactly what I just said in my previous paragraph.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
It's day 1, no more decorations on my charts other than the system I trade and the trends that I ride, I hope that a new era begins for me.

Closed that last long trade of last week and entered a more correctly sized short trade as the system shows. see you on the next signal !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #816 ---
The short signal only lasted the night as a long signal appeared right now.

I will wait the retracement to SMA to close the current trade and enter long. If no retracement then I take the risk of going into Stop Loss which I have set here to 60 pips.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Nice one bro it's already going down

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Changing my plans. If price goes below SMA and continues, there will be a short signal again so my short entry will become valid and I will have to wait for the up trend to resume before eventually closing and going long.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
It looks like it's doing as initially expected (retracement to SMA) so I just got what I needed to close my short and enter long.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
You already bankrupt haha

--- 帖子 #821 ---
lol, and you already in my idiot's list

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Hey Folks, as I'm living interesting times, I thought it was the right time to ask you about your feelings regarding this system and how I trade it...

I just started a poll for that purpose, please feel free to answer, and no worries, I won't blame anybody regarding any answer.

The poll is open until the end of month, please take a minute for it, thanks you !

--- 帖子 #823 ---
[quote=broketrader;13054864]{quote} In the absolute, what you say is correct but in the very specific case that concerns me, I'm convinced that it's not, simply because I don't have the habit, knowledge and feeling to trade those. You can replace "flag" by anything else like pivot, divergence or whatever and your statement is still true and I'm not telling that those concepts are worse or better, I don't mind, it's just that I simply don't know how to trade them and I have just given the proof. I mean even if I recognize the pattern, I'm just not prepared to trade it correctly, that's all. It's evident now that it was a dumb move to be trading a system for 6 months and then on one day suddenly trade a thing totally different. About the mistakes, I agree when you say that such mistakes are gonna happen, let them gonna happen like just now, the important thing is how you react to them, if you learn something from them and what you put in place to avoid them in the future. I'm not capable of avoiding all the mistakes, again, I just gave the proof of it but I think that I'm capable of learning from them, the proof is that I have been profitable for 6 months and personally I have never reached that level in the past, and still my account is not dead yet. We must be honest about ourselves and recognize when we are wrong and try to learn from that while at the same time be careful not throwing away the part that made it possible to get there. So I recognize that I have made a mistake, that it was costly but also that until 3 days ago, all was going quite well, so I will go back to do what I was doing 3 days ago or one month ago, and take the necessary actions to avoid my last dumb trades. As I said previously, and that concerns only me, one of those actions which is simple and clear, is to exclude patterns from my trading and it's a good thing because it's a thing less to take care of.

You meant that you used huge leverage/risk because you deviated from your plan and that triggered emotions that were hurtful because you didn’t have the confidence to trade them ?

Then I couldn’t agree more, you are absolutely right, the flag or whatever pattern it might be called, if you don’t trade those continually/systematically you won’t have the confidence needed to actually profitably trade them.

I have been there done that. Sticking to your plan in which you have confidence is certainly the best way to not trigger emotions and to trade each set up cold blooded.

Indeed you did very well so far. You have been wounded but still alive to fight another battle at least, thanks for showing us your next battle !

Cheers,

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Sorry, English not being my mother tongue I know that sometimes I make it difficult to others to understand me.

The huge leverage trades were because I thought that after that flag break the price would explode to the upside, but I just didn't know the dynamics as I still don't know them, maybe it will explode to the upside but maybe that will take one month, at least, apparently not a few hours as I was expecting.

Strangely and hopefully, the losses I took Friday didn't hit me emotionally, otherwise I think I would be revenge trading right now and I'm not, and trust me, I know what revenge trading is, I have been there in the past and know how fast that puts your account to zero.

So I'm well and relaxed, because thanks to this, I believe that I'm a better trader today. Now I just have to make good trades and bring the account to a new high to confirm that my beliefs are not dreams, that's why I said in my previous post that I was living interesting times. It looks like sometimes you have to fall hard to see something you wouldn't have seen otherwise.

But stop talking the talk and let's walk the walk !

--- 帖子 #825 ---
To walk the talk there needs to be a talk.

So you are saying that a leverage of ~280 might happen again ? But not leading to a ~40% loss because from now on you are only gonna be in a trade that you have confidence in, being your usual set up ?

I don’t know which book you read from Van Tharp but he certainly explained it very well. “Trade distribution is randomn and therefore great care should be taken on money management”...

Isn’t it where you failed ?

--- 帖子 #826 ---
I meant win/loss distribution is randomn.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
A high leveraged trade could happen but with a tight stop like I have done in the past, the leverage is irrelevant, only the risk is important.

The ones that I will carry now even if you won't see it because there is no visible stop loss will have 30% risk at the beginning of the trade.

I know it's very high but that also says something about the confidence I put in my trading.

I don't remember if I ever read a book from Van Tharp but I know that trading more or less follows the law of large numbers. Your edge appears when making a large number of trades but what I want also to believe is that this system is good enough to reduce the number of failures in a way that you can take a higher risk and have enough winning trades in a row which pay largely for the unusual 30% loss that I will take from time to time. 30% being the maximum and on a single trade, 10% to 20% being the usual. I know it's aggressive and will remain as is at least until I bring the account to a new high. We will see if it works !

And to respond to your last question, where I failed ?

I failed at the moment I forgot what I was trading initially and moved to something different.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
What would it be if your trade with ~280 leverage turned out to be a 40% win instead of a 40% loss ? Would you have taken credit for because you thought it would breakthrough?

Which it did by the way, if you didn’t cut your loss too early because being too exposed with that crazy leverage the trade would have turned out to be a winner.

And even though if you had followed your initial plan/strategy, what makes you certain that it is going to work out, certain enough to risk that much on single trade ?

It is not uncommon to have 5 loosing trades in a row, even with a system that has a 70% hit rate, let alone yours that has so far a 40% hit rate.

Yet you only have learned, or admit to have learned that the set up was wrong...

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Your Trend Explorer shows very well where you failed, way too much risk.

Now you blame the “bad” set up, which was actually very good, best set up I have read about eurusd in FF since a few weeks.

This only because you had a few loosers mostly because you used too much leverage and bailed out when price reversed.

Being that confident by risking that much in one single trade is just nonsense, especially when it makes you change the way you trade that was actually good.

The next set up that follows precisely your rules might be a looser, and so for the 5 or even 10 times, but I am sure you are gonna find a way to blame something and gonna twist your rules, till you use proper risk management.

Welcome to Trading !

--- 帖子 #830 ---
time to fold dude! Take your money off and stay green

--- 帖子 #831 ---
In the beginning I thought you wanted genuinely understand my way of doing things, now you look more like a know it all guy that just want to give his lesson for free so I think it's better to stop the discussion here.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Sorry, but some folk on FF telling me to take the profits is not part of my trading system.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
This system at least has helped me to be more consistent and focus only on a single pair and not go to discretion with different pairs, I try to follow the entry rules of the system, the difference is that I use an R: R 1: 1 with TP and SL of 50 pips and a risk per operation of 2.5% once the operation is open, I forget about it and I don't worry about looking at the chart until I see the price approaching the moving average again. In this last month the account will have increased by approximately 15% with that RR. (sorry for my bad inglish)

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Your graph is clear indication that the system is profitable. Discipline will be extremely important.

Cheers~

--- 帖子 #835 ---
A new higher high is the clear sign that trend 20-23 is now in place.

My entry was almost perfect on the retracement after the signal and after having closed my previous short with acceptable losses, my second entry is also at a good level. No more entries for this trend, I will look to exit the trade the moment the trend is broken plus additional weakness in the price action.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #836 ---
You were right, I even congratulated you on your low drawdown and high profit factor. Now that I have understood your way of trading I am just surprised that you didn’t understand that yourself by blaming a few losses instead of your excess risk, I am even more surprised that what I said seemed “know it all” while it is just our basic economics, and I said it very politely.

Making money in trading is veeery easy, the hard part is to keep it, you just proved that and still don’t want to admit that it was because insane risks was taken.

Again it I said very basic economics and your trend Explorer showed the consequences, you are back to square 1, eventually time (experience) will tell you.

Anyway I heard you and won’t be posting anything more unless someone quote one of my post.

Good luck in your journey, cheers,

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Just an edit about “Van Tharp” and this will be my last post.

Indeed I confused the book “Trading in the zone” being from Van Tharp.

I have read Trading in the zone, good book but if you like to read about Trading “Trading your way to financial freedom” by Van Tharp is definitely a must read too.

Cheers,

--- 帖子 #838 ---
There was a false break of the trend, things we have to live with. Logically, it forced me to exit and to re-enter once the price was above the trend again.

Some pips lost in the operation that should quickly be recovered if the trend resumes making a higher high.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Not much trading this and last week.

I thought that a reversal in trend was in the making but instead, the up trend got stronger and the price being near the SMA was a missed opportunity to get the risk and enter long. Now that it has accelerated, I will just wait for a short signal even if this trend takes 2 more weeks to finish, there is no hurry.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #840 ---
are you following the rules anymore?

--- 帖子 #841 ---
It doesn’t matter if he is , when trading at ~1% a pip anything will fail.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
How do you know what amount equals 1% of his trading capital?

...

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Check out the last couple of closed trades on his account since a few weeks and compare pips with loss in %, then you might understand why it is down 92.6% over the month...

--- 帖子 #844 ---
His account does not necessarily (most shurely not..) show his total trading capital, does it?

Anyway, as a trader you should be able to  ignore any personal MM and use all the good stuff gratefully...

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Of course it does, haven’t you seen it ?! It is on the top of each page.

It clearly shows the capital, went from 15735 to 758.

Well, if you learned a few stuff beside the lesson that without money management nothing holds, then sure. Just sad that his Trend Explorer couldn’t mirror that. We will never know if his « strategy » was actually good.

A sad pattern occurring every time on FF, just because of unrealistic profit expectations that can only be fueled by excessive risk...

--- 帖子 #846 ---
I've been following this thread casually for a few weeks and it seems to me that there are problems with this strategy, namely you are trying to catch the big trends but staying in often only averages out to 15 pips a day.  Not much.  You need to take profit when you are up 100 pips in two days which seems to happen a lot.  Then get back in when it returns to the MA.

As always the trends are easy money with a trend following strategy, the killer is the consolidation phase.  I was thinking you need to buy above the MA and sell below.

How about Buying when the price resumes with the trend as in the pic and exit when the mini trend is broken?

Then get back in when the price comes back to the MA.  If it breaks down thru the MA then you sell.

My 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
I have enough of your know it all attitude, while at the same time you only show a demo explorer not traded since 14 months, what the fuck ?!

You don't know what my MM is, you don't know what my owns evils are, you don't know what's going on on my mind and you don't know who I am. I have been here since 7 months and you just seem like you were waiting for this to fail to open your mouth as if you knew what was going on since the beginning and as if this thing had terminated just now.

You are transparent so we don't know you're lurking here, what a courageous guy you are, but you don't miss an occasion to open your mouth.

Now, you will not only be transparent, but also out of here.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
No worries, I'm not lost, or maybe that I have been a bit but working on my issues right now. My last trades were non system ones and was instead trying to figure out the top when I should definitely acknowledge that I'm not good at all at that and while instead I should have entered on the retracements. The issue here is to find a way to be patient when I'm out of a good trend like the one we had right now. I know that trends, even the good ones, don't run forever but it looks like I'm not convinced yet.

You are right when saying that I have to take out some profits on a certain amount of pips and then re-entering back, It's something that I will definitely add to my trading, for the rest I have definitely a different view but it's true that consolidation phases can be an issue if the swings are big enough to generate a signal each time, it's also something I'm working on.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
What builds a character is not the things that happens to him, it's how he reacts to those things...

I have been fixing, I think, almost all the issues that were distracting me from the core of this system, mainly, higher time frame patterns, price action and even some comments here on FF.

On the trading system itself, I have added a second mirror trade which has a short TP. That's why from now you will always see double entries of same lots at the beginning of a trade and I will add also on retracements like I have been doing in the past. All this adds some risk but this is compensated by the overall risk reviewed lower as I explain below.

So, as said, I have been also reviewing my money management, in fact I have been carefully redesigning it, and this will translate in less riskier trades overall but which still be for sure too much for the vast majority of people looking here. The main reason for this is that my plan is to reach the 10K level on my balance quite quickly, 3-6 months and I think I have 50% chances of success, I fully accept the fact that in case of failure my account will show zero but on the other side, in case of success, the risk will be reduced gradually from there and this should drastically reduce the risk of ruin.

It's a paradox. It's when my account is at a minimum that I have the better feelings about my system but I know that it will all depend on the simple fact of having trends, at least decent ones, and on my ability to respect my rules, working on that too! Regarding the market, I know that 1, 2 or 3 months of consolidation could ruin the plan but I also accept that fact.

Regarding the poll, honestly I think that only those that have answered 50% had it right, because it's the market eventually giving decent trends who will really decide and not me even if I trade the system correctly. But I want to say thank you to all those that responded yes to the poll as I take that as an encouragement !

No need to elaborate more on hypothesis and theories, I just wanted to write this post to remember what was in my mind just now, what are my plans and not forget that an eventual account crash could happen and even be eventually normal given the risks I have accepted to take.

And in such event, just get up and start again.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
I have got to find your patience within me...You inspire me to be better Mr BrokeTrader

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Thanks! That's what we all try to do I think, become better traders.

Regarding the patience, personally I now focus on what I "could" (if I can't yet fully) have the control on, the way I trade, because I can't control what the markets do and give and knowing that the results will be good if trends are there and less otherwise.

Every passing day that I trade by the rules is a success regardless of the results, then you sum days to have weeks, and weeks to have months, etc... I guess that this is how we became patient.

If that gives some inspiration, then good, all I can wish you is good luck !

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Question:

Are you (at this point) waiting/looking for your exit or adding to your position? Do you have a target in mind?

FYI - Kudos' on pulling some profits - Woot!

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Well I will do both at the same time...

Instead of playing binary each trade like I was doing before I'm now slicing the trade in smaller chunks as you see, taking the profits on some of them and also leaving other run till the trend reverses, the advantage is that if the trend reverses now for example, I'm already out with some profits, if not I can take more profits on the remaining but also add more on the retracements and thus compounding the previous gains because we never know if a trend will last 1 week or 1 month.

The delicate part when adding is to do so when the retracement is near enough of the sma so in the case of reversal, when the price goes to the other side, your inevitable loss on your last trades is kept to the minimum.

That's what I'm trying to do now, I have been testing this and it looks better than simply enter and exit once and for all on trend signals, but again, I need to experiment this and see how it goes, everything looks always good when done on past static data and another thing is to do it live and on high volatility, so we will see what happens.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Got it...

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Miss your posts... Just Say'in...

--- 帖子 #856 ---
If I post less, I'm still here trading this (now almost) old SMA system.

Trying to take off but this month of August has only been a range so there was nothing to expect and I don't want to crash the account even if there is 200 left only, just to restart the day after doing the same with new capital.

The encouraging thing is that even with these ranges I have had nice floating profits once or two and this is really promising. The fact that I missed them is not an issue, I'm in peace with my trading these last 2-3 weeks, my trading is stabilizing, I have been working all August on that, and I know that the profits will come the day the trends are back...

What I need now is 2 decent trends in a row to take off, with that, I think that I could be trading in the thousands by begin of October maybe, otherwise I plan to increase my account every beginning of a quarter to 1 K on order to have some capital at least every new quarter until I take off, if that happens some day ;-)

--- 帖子 #857 ---
I like it BT!

--- 帖子 #858 ---
What is your opinion (if any) on the volatility coming our way over the US presidential election? Are you trading mindful of that or just listen to the charts per your system

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Sorry for my late reply, I'm overbooked right now until begin of October...

No, I don't mind the elections or any other event, I just trade the system even if right now it just give me profits that evaporate and turn into losses. I will be patient...

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Just as said, happened again from +20% to nothing!

Account reloaded for the next quarter...

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Stud!

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Yeah! Tempted to close them all but afraid of missing the real thing, the great trend.

So I will leave them at least as we don't break the current short term trend because I'm also a bit tired of seeing those 20/30+% turning systematically into -10% !

--- 帖子 #863 ---
I hear you...

2 months of itty bitty trends \o/

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Really enjoy this thread.  I am still Practicing with it. was wondering why am i not getting the indicator to show on my trading view platform on the 5 minutes chart

--- 帖子 #865 ---
First time in 2 months+ that I see something interesting worth a post...

On the weekly chart, we just broke to the upside a multi-year downward channel that was just tested and we seem going off from it now...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And on my main chart, the hourly chart, we just also broke the most recent down trend in red which has his top around 1.20.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Both signs could mean to me that a nice up trend is in the making so it's not the moment to take any early profits but instead just let things run as usual with the risk of course of all of it being fake, the coming weeks will tell us...

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Channel have been broken and retested.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
The bullish signs are still there and could indicate the first nice trend of this autumn...

On the daily chart, we are back into the rising wedge that stopped the previous great up-trend and this means that there is a possibility of a break to the upper side.

I think that the main reason behind this is the hypothesis of Trump losing the elections and bringing some chaos in the US weakening the dollar in the process.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the hourly chart we have had some false signals, which made me have at some moments both long and short orders, this was because while following the signals I didn't want to kill the long orders that were still aligned with the current trend as long as that one wasn't violated and it hasn't been until now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have good profits and need to refill the account and the temptation of closing it all is there but maybe this could be the next great trend I have been waiting for and if true, it could help me to really take off again so I won't touch those half lots for now and trade the signal in parallel with smaller lots maybe until the US elections if I can...

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I was wondering, based on your strategy, should I be looking for buy trades or await break and confirmation of trend line for a sell trade? Thank you.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Hi!

My goal at this point in time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Hi!

Yes, it's a clear possibility given the range in which we are now.

I'm long given that we crossed the SMA to the upside but have not much faith, haven't doing anything good in recent months...

--- 帖子 #871 ---
OK - Let's go make something special happen!!!!

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hey !

I hope you are all fine and in good shape at the beginning of this new year.

During this long silence, I took profit of the time to question myself about my trading. A long story short I finally came to the conclusion that I lack the

necessary consistence and patience and maybe time also to trade properly and just by my own rules without breaking them.

That's why during all that time I have been developing an EA that trades just the system discussed here with some custom adjustments and extras.

The EA will not be published as it has been a lot of work (currently version 66), and I still don't know if it will be profitable live, and also because I think that everyone

has enough material in this thread to create its own.

So my posts from now on will be mainly to update about how the EA is doing.

The goal for me being letting it do its job whatever the result are and above all not entering any manual trade !

I wish you all success in 2021!

--- 帖子 #873 ---
For the records, this is what the EA reports for 2020 Back testing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course 2020 was a great year in term of trends and I don't expect 2021 being as good but whatever positive result I get lets say if possible more than a bank account ;-) , I will be happy with...

--- 帖子 #874 ---
is this ...... end of your manual trading?

can i get your ea?

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Hi, good strategy. I have been following the strategy since you started. I would like to try manually even EA..

--- 帖子 #876 ---
All is in the thread, good luck !

--- 帖子 #877 ---
is the trade explorer your ea results?

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Nice Broketrader!!!! I look forward to seeing the results of your coding labor

Would love to test drive your EA if/when appropriate... Cheers to 2021...

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Yes, all trades so far are only from the EA.

Hi visionxp, Thank you !

Unfortunately I won't publish the EA, it has been and it still is a hard work that I just can't give away as is, and more than that, even if the back-tests show promising results I still don't know if it's really profitable live, sorry to disappoint.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
No Disappoint... I have enjoyed learning from you... Thank You

--- 帖子 #881 ---
The back test result was amazing. Did you use it in live account?

--- 帖子 #882 ---
That's what I'm just doing since the beginning of the year...

--- 帖子 #883 ---
How is it going till now? Do you using the same .set file like in the first post?

--- 帖子 #884 ---
It's going like you see in the explorer.

Yes, 80% is based on same logic as explained in this thread plus some extra trades based on observations.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
First month where the EA traded almost without problem.

The flat result reflects perfectly what happened, one small down trend that produced some profit followed by almost flat market which erased the profit, making the month flat. Looking forward for the month of February.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the meanwhile I have been able to improve the profit of the EA without deteriorating its drawdown, character and profit curve.

I will be posting every month one year back tests from current date to see how it evolves during the year and if the live result curve follows the one from the back tests.

One year back tests from end of January.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Nice Job BT!!!

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Thanks! It took some time but went well, anyway it's just a good start.

Remains to be seen if it keeps the gains like in the back-tests before the next up leg.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Keep it up BT.

Have been following your thread since beginning, can see you're improving especially to take partial profits. very good move.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Very intrigued. Not many successful pure trend trading threads around. All the best broketrader, will be watching this thread with keen interest.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
I will, thank you.

Well, it's a bit early to say it's successful  Let's wait at least the end of the year...

I know that as soon as some sustained trend is there like right now it produces very good results, the problems arise when the price ranges for a while, all the difficult work and what I try to mitigate is there, thank you !

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Do you average orders upwards as the trend goes in your favour?

--- 帖子 #892 ---
No, I enter 2 orders on signal, one big and one small, the bigger one has a tight sl and tp, the contrary for the lower one which runs usually until a reverse order is present.

I have tried in backtesting adding additional orders on different ideas, occasionally I could increase the profit but I always increased the drawdown and this is what I try to keep under control as it's already big, which is around, but less than 50%, a level I can live with as the account can be doubled quite easily with 2-3 good trades, I just decided that the 50% level was the red line to not cross.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Well, I met the bad and the good in an Interesting February !

The bad,

I had nice floating profits of 40%+ at some moments without realizing it was time to take profits and move on like it happened very often in the past (I know).

Because of that, of course, the profits evaporated and some revenge trades added more losses, yes I'm trading manually again.

The Good,

Because all of that I again worked on the system again trying to figure out how I could determine the optimal end of a trade entered by the EA so I could close it manually and just let it go for the next. The result has been that I just came out with my best system ever, at least on paper, lol, and what does it mean ?

It means that this could just be a turning point in my trading for the better, if I'm able to trade live what I have been drawing on my charts past year with this new system, it should translate in more than good results. We will see if the practice meets the theory.

I'm back to manual trading for now and I just entered my first trade with 1 full lot at what is the secondary entry which I could spot correctly. The primary entry (the best one) was already missed, I know exactly at which moment I have to exit and will wait that moment, what I don't know is if I will be able to spot it clearly and correctly.

Looking forward to trade this month of March!

--- 帖子 #894 ---
I'm done for this first trade with a nice 154 pips profit !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And I'm in for the next even if I could be a bit early, but difficult to say right now.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Bad Ass brother!!!

--- 帖子 #896 ---
lol, just checking if it works live like in paper and of course one is not enough...

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Down trend no 7 finally terminated.

As I was suspecting, I entered too early and only 2nd and 3rd entries were correct for the next trend, took note of that.

Still learning so it's ok, and knowing where I was, I had the patience to wait for the retracement without being too much worried even at -100 pips drawdown !

I just closed it when on first opportunity with a -8 pips loss to correct the situation.

Now the situation is normal, meaning that my entries are at the right place to ride the current trend no 8.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Are you using the 100 EMA??

--- 帖子 #899 ---
It's not 100 anymore (read post 1), it's 96, and yes it's the system explained in this thread plus some private improvement.

Ah! and it's not EMA, it's SMA, read post 1.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
As the previous months did, march showed me the good and the bad...

We had 2 really good trends 7 and 11 where I made some profits but I still didn't trade those trends well enough...

In between we had trends 8,9 and 10, a range where I totally messed up and lost all my previous profits.

Well, I think you always have to pay for any lesson...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So I have been thinking and re-thinking again how I could ride the better possible those nice trends while navigating at the same time those troubled waters without too much damage for the account...

Looking at the waves numbered in red, I found out that the common characteristic between a well formed trend and one that reverses and reverses again forming a trading range, is the initial wave, the first wave, the one that changes the SMA color. So the game now will be to take profits on the first wave and re-enter on wave 2 in the trend's direction or in the other direction if the SMA color changes. With this I should be able to ride any trend while limiting the losses on trading ranges.

I have now to learn and experiment it live to see how possible it is to implement it live...

Until the next ;-)

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Nice Job BT!!!!

--- 帖子 #902 ---
I'm done for today with these 3 trades that just catapulted the account to a new high !

All entries were correct and even if the first showed a -75 pips drawdown it still returned +92 pips thus the importance of having confidence and patience.

Still the right thing to do here was to close Trade 1 at BE on wave 1 and re-enter on wave 2 having a total of 2 entries, I didn't close it because I had Trade 2 in profit which would have served as rescue plan for Trade 3 so overall I would have closed Trade 1 at a loss, a substantial one but I knew it and took the risk.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It's just the beginning of a new trend but as I stated in an earlier post, I'm learning to take profits on pushes and re-enter on retracements, so I will wait for it and re-enter.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Thanks!

--- 帖子 #904 ---
An amazing day & week Sir, very well done!

When will you be changing your FF name?

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Thanks!

But you know it, one good trade means nothing.

Last year I went over 12K starting with 1K, and then straight to zero LOL, and yes I had a good trade today but I'm still not there...

This year, same guy, same system but with improvements and lot of homework done.

I'm focusing in reaching small steps every month, so we will see...

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hello everyone, the strategy is very profitable ..... in my opinion it must not be changed and upset but patiently make things simple .... enjoy

p.s. sorry my english but i'm italian

--- 帖子 #907 ---
eurusd .....

--- 帖子 #908 ---
why does your and mine looks different

its eurusd FXCM ,trading view

--- 帖子 #909 ---
I'm using an improved version that removes a bit the noise, I will clean it up and upload the file soon...

--- 帖子 #910 ---
You can now download the updated file on post 1 ( SmaSRSI-2021.txt )

--- 帖子 #911 ---
thank you I will update it

--- 帖子 #912 ---
ok a target!

--- 帖子 #913 ---
my congratulations for your really analytic thinking and technical approach !!! scientific background is quite recognizable (simplicity is a must) :-)

not usual to find a trader like you

entries based on price position vs average are really ok...since they are the necessary (unfortunately not sufficient) condition for any profiting trend-following trade

the real challenge is the quest for the best exit rule, either based on trailing stop ("...when you're happy with the reached profit..." just to mention one of your posts) or based on some timely (i.e. not too late) exit signal.

that's my quest...and I understand yours too!

good luck and thanks for sharing your views and your efforts.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Keeping things simple, that's what I try to do.

I think that any system can be right as long as it is yours, I mean that that you have found the keys to have success with it.

I'm not fan of any stop because you are easily stopped out on any noise, I prefer to let the system tell me when to exit.

In my opinion, the entry is also or even more important, if you are in a good position from the beginning, you gain confidence as the trade goes in your favor and you can still make profits even if you completely miss the exit.

Thanks and good luck to you too!

I hope that you got some inspiration or ideas that could help you in your trading.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
hi

what settings and what moving averages do you use for 1h tf  in the second photo?

thank you

--- 帖子 #916 ---
It's the first time in the last 2-3 years that I see a 1H trend lasting for one full month with no significant retracement, Wow !

I have been placing shorts near 1, 2, 3 and 4 blue tops which all were correct if a retracement had occurred but that didn't happen.

They all failed and I was out of gas at top 5 as the previous failures erased my account in the process.

So what's next ?

I still believe that the system is good so I had to design a way to spot those failures to make it better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In short, the system remains the same but with an additional rule to get out of those trades with little or no loss everytime I see the red (2,3,4) waves providing support to the prevailing trend.

Finally at top 5, the 2nd red wave clearly makes the change in direction of the trend. Hopefully I entered well before but I hesitated as I didn't have yet this protection rule in place. Next time it should be easier knowing that I have a way to exit that tells me that the current trend has not finished yet.

Let's see what this brings...

--- 帖子 #917 ---
I'm a little confused.  If you stuck with your original system you would have ridden this trend all the way to the top before you got the reverse signal.  Instead it seems you've been trying to pick the top each time and selling into an established uptrend.  Sorry if I missed something.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
You are right, but I have also found that if I can anticipate a trend direction change by any mean, it gives me the best entry position possible before the direction changes, which is clearly a top or bottom ! Except of course in this case where the trend lasted forever and you get 2,3,4 false changes. So the game now is to find out if a trend change anticipation will materialize and if not, to get out with small or no damage and try the next one.

I'm also thinking that the best solution would be to have both working together, I mean, to enter 2 trades, keeping one until direction change is confirmed and trying to anticipate with the second. That's what I'm working on right now...

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Hey BT here's a variation on your strategy.  Trade the trendline breaks.  What do you think? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Hi Don M,

Have done that in the past but my issue was the false breaks.

But anyway whatever I could say, if you think it has some potential and your paper trading is OK, you should gave it a try and see, we are all unique and you could very well master one thing that I didn't in the past so you should more listen to your instinct rather than to what I or others could say.

And on your chart I see more positive numbers than negative.

Personally and despite my recent losses that are more due to my greed and some deviations than to the system itself, I'm still with the original system and doing research on it, until I find the right way to enter, stay and exit.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Hmm, I think I'm at a turning point in my trading...

I went back to the basics because I knew I was missing at least one thing, which was how to enter near the SMA and how to differentiate a touch and go from a  reversal and finally I found a way to identify these with very good accuracy.

So I'm now happy with this new tool. No need anymore to chase the tops or count the waves, I will only follow the SMA direction changes when the price closes  beyond it on certain conditions and this will radically simplify my trading and improve my peace of mind.

As a bonus, an additional thing that I discovered when backtesting these new entries and collecting the statistics was the balance needed for periods where I will accumulate successive losses which appear inevitably during flat markets. Until now I was simply ignoring this fact thinking that I could get quite large risks and get a win in the second, eventually the third trade after 1 or 2 losses, too optimistic and simple.

So I have been backtesting since 2020 till now and the largest accumulated pip loss that I got was 148 pips where I had 74 pips of realized losses from 3 trades + 74 pips of drawdown on the last winning trade. With that, I decided to size my trades to allow a maximum accumulated loss of 300 pips which should translate in a drawdown of 50% for the previous example, in fact it will be a bit less as I recalculate the lot size after every trade but I know, this is still big as a risk and this is because I have ambitious goals and I can live with that until the balance grows significantly.

Now, of course, all this will need to be verified with future trades because if you had seen my backtest results of projected trades you would be like me, you wouldn't believe it.

So I will be disciplined on my entries, patient with the trends and also conscious at any time that all is OK on any ongoing trade and for that I will document every  trade to assess the level or quality of execution, that should help me to check that my lot size and entries are always correct.

Maybe it will work, maybe it won't but I wanted to write a word about it so maybe I can refer to it in the future.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
So here we are for my first trade after my previous upgrade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I entered initially on point A and added 2 additional trades all the way down which was too much so I closed 2 of them to correct my lot size and improve a bit my entry but this is less important as the main point here is to execute the trade correctly.

My Lot size should be : Balance / ( 300 pips * pip value) = 1472 / ( 300*10) = 0.49 Lots

So I'm a bit over-sized with this one but I will keep it as it is for this first trade.

Edit: Note how the change in trend (SMA color change) comes well after my entry, that's why I was looking for extra criteria to enter, and that's because, when the change in trend is confirmed, sometimes the price retracts to SMA but sometimes not !

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Good job BT.

Basic is always king.

I'm glad you realised about not picking tops and bottoms, that's a killer.

Also, to take note on risk management part which is most crucial of all.

Wish you all the best and good trading! I'm sure will see you at the top again!

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Thank you!

Yes, Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication but it's a long road and tons of time spent studying the charts to get there and when you are it's obvious that it couldn't be otherwise ;-)

When you look at it, in fact, the system it's only 2 indicators, one public (SMA 96) and one that I keep private because it's a way to protect my hard work.

And that brings me the only and unique thing that I need, the Entry. Which at the same time is also my Exit, Take Profit and Stop Loss, how could it be more simple ?

And for the risk management, it's still possible that I could need to adjust it, but for sure it's already more realistic and robust than my previous one.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
And here is the first one...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There was a reversal period from 19h yesterday till 10h this morning, and during all that time, only one fake signal, a cross of 0.8 pip while I was asleep but which I wouldn't have traded anyway.

Let's see if following hours and day close confirm the touch & go.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Hello, i tried to find if there is a post here regarding how can we set a view with that template on MT4, do i miss that post?, something is wrong with my MT4 platform that doesn´t recognize the indicators.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Trend 16 just terminated and its corresponding trade as well with a profit of +78 pips or +31 % ! The entry and exit were 100% correct.

Entered a sell for trend 17, Lot size = 1926/(300*10) = 0,64 lots at 1.21853, Lot size and Signal are correct, entry is correct.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's see how this one goes...

Trades history since last reset.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Second trade 21-17 ended with a loss of -57 pips as shown below.

I had a signal to reverse earlier but it was weak and limit so I preferred to wait a bit more before reversing end entering 21-18.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Third trade and second consecutive loss with -22 pips.

The signal is at the limit again like before but I traded it with the risk of it bein a fake one, we will see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My win rate is at it lowest, 33%, the system is being tested right now...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Another one which should be the last for May, this time positive with +14.5 pips, and I'm in for the next 21-20 trend...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My win rate is neutral at 50% and I'm in long for the 21-20 trend. All executions are OK so far.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Trend 21-20 terminated with another minimal loss of -8 pips.

It looks like now the pair has found it's direction in 21-21, let's see tomorrow if NFP confirms it or if it's just another fake swing...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Win Rate is at a too low 40 % but the balance is still above the initial value of $1234 after reset.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #932 ---
300+ PIPs - Nice brudda!!!

--- 帖子 #933 ---
lol, yes, thank you but they are only floating profits until I close...

After a bunch of fake trends we are finally getting some direction, to the south...

Keeping the trade until I get a new opposite signal, so finally it could be less or more, no one can know.

I will publish a detailed post at the end of the month along with the month results.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
An update on previous trends...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Again 20-21 resulted in a loss during this flat period. I could have done slightly better if I had closed on the orange circle but I was feeling that it was just another fake move so I preferred to wait a new high for confirmation which came on the yellow circle. That forced me to close 20-21 at a loss and open a long for 20-22 but that signal got rejected just on the following hour by an engulfing candle and this for me was a clear signal of a reversal so I immediately closed and reversed my position at that moment so I had a short position on an up trend which is unusual but hours later that position got confirmed by the price crossing the SMA on the green circle so I was again in sync with the trend and the system.

For the following crosses of the SMA to the upside, A was out of momentum so I knew it was fake, then, the momentum arrived for a second tentative right after B, when the price was already declining so it was fake as well, the SMA remained blue (bearish) all the time, which was also a good confirmation.

Later on, there was a good momentum at C but the SMA remained impenetrable and then the momentum faded before D (FOMC). I was lucky that it went in my direction, but if it had went on the other direction and crossing the SMA I would have need several hours for confirmation so I was relax and the FOMC didn't generate any stress on me.

Now I think, I'm in good position for 20-23. I care about the profits of course but I don't care if they are 300+ pips or only 150+ pips as long as I'm trading my system correctly, the results will follow. I have been reading threads here and there on FF, and it's interesting to see how people try to guess when the pullback will come or that this is definitely a retracement in an major up trend that should resume soon, people are still long or want to enter again long when maybe a new medium to long term down trend could have just begun and they still don't see it only because they are in love with the previous bullish trend. The difference here is that I don't care anymore of that and don't need to guess when or why the price could or should reverse, I only need to follow the SMA which will show me the direction to go and that's all. I'm becoming a trend follower in the purest form possible.

Regarding the account and results, this flat period of May-June sent my win rate as low as 28.6% but the losses were small so only previous profits went away and still not the initial deposit since my last account reset. The total drawdown from balance peak was 33% which is in line with my 3 year back tests and my current trade should erase all that and print a new high in equity, we will see...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Can we get TF M15 template?

--- 帖子 #936 ---
In any case not from me, sorry.

As you can read in the title, this system catches the 1H Swings, swing meaning that positions can be held several days/weeks and not intraday as the 15 min could be, and this is what suits best my trading style as I can't be all the day in front of the screen watching each 15m close.

But maybe the most important, if you change the time frame I think that you completely change the system itself.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Thank you. I will try to do it and check if it work or not. I hope if I can't get it how it work, you can help me.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Don't take it badly but I won't help you because I'm pretty sure it won't work and I'm just not interested in it.

It's almost 2 years now that I'm on this one, only this one, trying to make it profitable and I really believe that the time could be now so I don't want to focus now in something else, I think that you can understand that.

But if you really believe that you can make it work, then I cannot be against your beliefs, create your own thread and base your system on mine, I don't have any copyright on it ;-) an I will follow with interest.

But anyway, what's the goal of going lower than 1 hour ? speeding up profits ?

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Thank you for your reply and give people to use this system too. And yes, I understand that.

I'm not always in front of my computer, by speed up profits in 15 minutes, I think it's gonna take long, unless if got lucky.

I just want to learn how this system work because I always in 15M timeframe. Just want to compare 5M - 1H with 15M only. Nothing else.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
No problem, just Remember that I also use a private momentum indicator that is not published here to confirm my signals which are quite simple, long when 1H closes above SMA and short when 1H candle closes below SMA, with this, you have 80% of the system, then I think that the momentum confirmation can be easily reverse engineered simply by comparing my entries that are published here with any free momentum or oscillator indication.

I remember having tried in the past, 15 min and 30 min time frames without success, more fake signals so I forgot about it and having manually back-tested my current system on 1H, the results were more than good, so no need to go below, I say that because it could save you some precious time...

But I understand that everyone has to make his own tests.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Well well well, my trading is going faster than my posting...

20-23 Terminated with +265 pips from a peak of +340+ pips and with it, all previous losses erased and better than that, a new peak in equity reached.

After what I logically entered 20-24 long with a short bias but never mind, what I need to do is to follow the trends, nothing else but again, like in post 963, a new high got rejected by an engulfing candle so I prematurely decided to close my 20-24 long for a +24 pips profit and try 20-25 short which is not yet born.

I'm again in that contradictory situation of being short in a long trend and this is because I assume that we are just retracing 20-23 and that maybe the down move could resume very soon...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

These 2 positive trades bring back my win rate to something less frightful.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Thank you broketrader. I've been learning about swing and also thank you very much for the advise. It's really save a lot of my time and I can do something else beside watching the chart all days. I will share my result later

--- 帖子 #943 ---
You are welcome and all the best for your trades !

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Hi broketrader

my understanding was that all indicators used for your strategy can be' download from your #1 post....so no private momentum indicator.Am I wrong?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Hi,

All the indis are available in post 1 and you can use them for the original system explained all along the thread, That said, in order to be fully transparent, I use one additional private indicator for confirmation that is not shared here.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Thanks...I guess this additional indi does not prevent the system to enter once per swing (i.e. having a case  with a swing without any entry)

--- 帖子 #947 ---
It does exactly that, that's why it took me so long to work it out and also why I can't give it away... but if you still follow the sma without it you will only have some additional fake entries that will net some negative pips, yes, but you still should remain positive overall.

As an example, I took one big trend which was one of the worst seen lately in question of fake entries, it's trend 20-12 of last April.

One big move of +320 pips from end to end but with 6 false crosses beyond the SMA which resulted in a loss off 120 pips, still the trend resulted in a net profit of 200 pips!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Thanks for the reply.

Are you saying that the secret indi avoided you to exit at any of the fake crosses during the 20-12 trend?

--- 帖子 #949 ---
My technique does not filter out the average crosses....but I use a trade management to minimize the losses in case of fake signals

--- 帖子 #950 ---
It would have, unfortunately I hadn't it yet at that time, I started trading with it 4 trends later, from trade 20-16, see post #950

All good then, I think that the important thing if you want to adopt this technique of trading if to adapt it to your own style, find out what works for yourself, use it and make it yours.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Sizing your trades according to your current balance helps you also to keep your account afloat during flat markets, then you decide how aggressive you want to be with your trades, the more aggressive you are, the larger the profits and the drawdown will be of course, I say more about it in post 950.

I could experience it from half May to half June, where my indy didn't help and I got a bunch of losses in trends 17,18,20,21,22. All those erased only the previous gain made in 20-16 only and my initial deposit wasn't hurt, then, the last trade 20-23 put back everything at the right place with a new high in equity.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Use of averages is good for this: they provide an automatic stop loss while letting the profits run....the fact is that on slow timeframe (daily bars) you can get up to humdreds (500-600) pips profit in a some months time.....while natural stop losses (i.e. exit at the opposite crosses) can happen in a few days time and amount to 150-200 pips ( just using eurusd as a known reference)

So at the end expectancy may be' positive....but capital growth seems quite slow. To make it faster you need to add early exits (hence trade management) techniques.

Don't know whether you share this general view on any average-based trading technique

--- 帖子 #953 ---
I don't mix higher time frame averages with these 1H swings, or any other time frame indicator by the way, and this is only because I want to keep it as simple as possible, so, only following my SMA is largely enough for me.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
I did not intend to suggest any modification of the timeframe for your system. I just made a considerations about the general validity of average-based techniques.

do you think your strategy can be applied (with the needed adaptations) to daily bars?

thanks

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Sorry, I misunderstood you.

Honestly I don't know, because I haven't spent any time in it but I'm more inclined to believe that it could/should work in higher time frames than lower ones.

In this technique, the close is very important and when having an 1H close on one side of the SMA you could still have one 30 min close, or three 15 min and so on on the other side, so the same applies for higher time frames.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
A first profitable month in a new era of trading !

A first complete month of trading after my reset and the first indication, not confirmation, saying that I'm really at a turning point.

It was a profitable month despite a bit difficult start, the market being flat since mid May until trend 23. My win rate went as low as 28.6% at trend 21-22 with a drawdown of 33.5% from my previous balance peak. Still 3 trends later I have a new positive peak in balance mainly due to a good 21-23 trend.

It proves that the system is resilient during non trending times even trading on high risk and also that it's capable of quick recovery when trends resume.

With this result I have almost achieved my monthly goal which was to reach 3K (balance shows currently 2,8K) and if ongoing trades terminate well I should beat my July target of 4,5K but it's still too early to say and tomorrow NFP could put everything upside down.

On the psychological side, the sky is clear, maybe a bit of greed on this last trade, otherwise no other sentiment that could derail future trades. I'm focusing on execution and learning to be patient before taking profits, last 265 pips trade took 2 weeks to conclude but it's perfectly in the window of the swing trader that I am and in any case, the system and the trends decide what they want to give, not me, I just follow them.

My June trading,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Happy for you mate. Keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Thanks!

Yes, I will try, it's just the beginning ;-)

1 month of good trading is cool and the results are there too but I still have to prove to myself that I can do it the next month and the next, and so on...

Just learning to become consistent, cool and patient while trading, we will see...

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Retrospective analysis of past failures in comparison to the actual system.

Trend 20-1 and 20-2 of January 2020

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Well, this trade is badly documented, I don’t explain very well where I enter, where I exit and why. That said, in the picture the SMA cross + SRSI signal looks like  giving a winning trade but it still terminated in a loss.

Then, in post #127 I talk about the next one…

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Again, my entries and exits are not well documented. On this one, it looks like I entered short at the right moment but then went long after the pullback that sent the price over the SMA while the SRSI was still not giving any confirmation, and then when the trend resumed down I remained long ignoring and having no trust on my own system ! My money management was bad and certainly some revenge trading helped to blow the account with only that trade !

How do these trades look today, seen with the perspective of the current system ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here they are,

20-1 Is giving a profit of 55 pips and there is absolutely no reason to have a loss on this trend.

20-2 was more difficult as it retraced beyond the SMA and my momentum indicator is indicating it’s a valid signal so I have to take the long trade 20-2A, then, shortly after, I got a new bearish signal for 20-2B. So yes, this one was difficult and I always have to follow the system and accept the losses, there is no discussion possible about that !

On the money management side, The whole month was still profitable thanks to 20-3 and 20-4 trades that came after, the net profit was of +83 pips in total. So what would have been the result with my current money management which has a risk of 300 pips per trade ?

Let's do the math with a start balance of 1 K.

20-1 1000/(300*10) = 0.33 lots => 0.33*55 = 181.5 => Balance = 1181.5

20-2 1181.5/(300*10) = 0.39 lots => 0.39*-27 = -105.30 => Balance = 1076.2

20-2A 1076.2/(300*10) = 0.36 lots => 0.36*-55 = -198 = > Balance = 878.2

20-2B 878.2/(300*10) = 0.29 lots => 0.29*-6 = -17.4 => Balance = 860.8

20-3 860.80/(300*10) = 0,29 lots => 0.29*-6 = 17.4 => Balance = 878.2

20-4 878.2/(300*10) = 0,29 lots => 0.29*110 = 319 => Balance = 1197.20

So Everything is fine as I still finished the month with positive results of +19.7% profit for a max drawdown of 320.7 (1181.5-860.8) which is 27% from 1181.5.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Retrospective analysis of past failures in comparison to the actual system (contd).

It looks like I didn't manage to take a profit out of 20-3

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And worse than that, I took 20-4 correctly but closed it prematurely  I'm measuring how bad I was at those times...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What the hell  ! Stop thinking and just be happy following a system that you took ages to develop.

This time I'm doing the same shit I did on the previous trade, man how bad you were

And the inevitable happened...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...same post

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...same post

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At that time, I was also trading with trend lines that I know now I don't need anymore...

Let's see how these 2 look today,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Two clear and profitable trends totaling 116 pips, there was a cross of SMA at "A" with no momentum => no signal, the only contradictory signal was at 'B' which crossed the SMA by 0.5 pip but was rejected the hour after and momentum was gone, C had no momentum signal so it was not valid.

I clearly see the improvements and my progress since 18 months now..

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Retrospective analysis of past failures in comparison to the actual system (contd).

Same story repeating itself like a broken record...

Again I took a good start at the start of the new trend...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Only to dissipate the account, 2 posts later

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Money management was totally out of control, 7 lots for a 2 k account when it should have been 0.73 lots with my today's standards (that are already high risk), well that's only 10x my current risk, when greed is over you, you are blind

Today's chart shows that I should have banked a 10 pips profit on that one.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Right after that miss, I realized I needed to change and improve things, that's when I merged the SMA and the SRSI in one single indicator...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now trends would be more clear and easy to trade, but we are still one year from now, so still a bit of work to do...

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Retrospective analysis of past failures in comparison to the actual system (end).

One month later, after simplifying things merging SMA and SRSI, I started complicating them again, counting waves with a SRSI derivative that I thought would gave me better entries...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Had some successes but more failures, I put even back the SRSI indicator on the low panel, I was feeling something was missing...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And I traded with that until January when I started thinking that maybe I was just not capable of having the consistency and patience to trade this system correctly so I went with an EA...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But traded with it only 2 or 3 months, I was bored with it.

And then started again trading manually, this time counting waves like before with the goal of anticipating the change in trends...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That was anticipation and guess work more than following a system that gives you a clear signal and it finished like before, with the account blown again

When suddenly in May 17 I thought and still think today that I found what I was looking for.

A simple confirmation signal giving me a Yes or No you can or can't take the trade when the price crosses the SMA...

But the most important thing is that this indicator is just telling me that with the SMA I have already 90% of what I need and that I don't need to look elsewhere to execute my trades and be profitable over the long run, it took me all that past variations of it to understand that now I have all I need and that it just remains to add patience and good execution to it to be successful and a bit of realistic money management of course.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Shitzky Brudda... You Got This

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Nice job BT!!!

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Thanks!

I had to make some adjustments as I found that the last version was not tradeable live, only statically when everything was printed on the chart.

Now I took the time to use the replay mode feature in TradingView and traded the whole 2019 year and got 90% identical results to the static tests so it should be OK.

Last 2 main trades 30 and 31 from July 26 where done with those adjustments and I made a good recovery from them so I'm optimist for the future but I'm still in the process of building confidence in the system...

Here are these 2 trades, there were some losing noisy trades in between that are not printed, they were due to lack of confidence...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Another one #26, 4th in a row closed in profit with +21 pips and next one #27 long trade opened...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Previously to this one, I had also closed #25 for a 10 pips profit.

Trades were renumbered 31=24, 32=>25, etc due to errors in backtest.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Congrats for getting back to even + WOOT!

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Thank you !

It seems that I have found my way of trading and some peace of mind along with it, so I'm just trying to do that, to trade the system the best I can and it looks like the results follow but as you know, this is not a sprint but a marathon so it's the long term that will speak. I still have to learn to stay with the system during storms like the one that is coming Friday and allow the drawdowns as long as the system says so, so we will see...

My only goal in mind right now, whatever the account shows, is just to trade well month after month and verify that I can remain consistent like I have been this month, with my first checkpoint being the end of the year. If I can achieve that, it will be already a good achievement for me and the account should show it as well, we will see...

I don't know where you are in your path to success but I wish you all the best too!

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Peace of Mind is a good thing!!!!

My Path - I am still playing small as I figure out my system to stick to - getting close

I am looking to make 10 to 30 trades per day (depending on opportunities).

I use the 1hr timeframe as my benchmark and trade the 5 minute turns in the 1 hour direction.

I have had to work hard at eliminating the self defeating habits (Like trying to catch tops and bottoms & pulling trades to early).

I have learned a lot watching you trade and your extraordinary patience. Thank you for being so transparent - Appreciate you!

I am looking forward to consistent monthly profits! In Time....

--- 帖子 #970 ---
I have found out that creating a rock solid system and building confidence in it is of the utmost importance.

The psychological aspect of trading is inversely proportional to these two.

I tried the 5 min in the past but it was too fast and volatile for me. I quickly found out that my actual life wouldn't allow all that time in front of the screen. Like many, I had the ambition of becoming a day trader, maybe for the challenge, for the fun or the adrenaline, I don't know, I just had to admit that it wasn't for me.

I can't count the times that I have blown my account, not happy with the system so tweaking it until nonsense, not happy with the profits so putting larger trades and finally seeing loss after loss, not happy with myself and betting like in the casino for double or nothing. The cure for me (I think, because it's still a work in progress) was again the system which in turn allows for large enough positions to satisfy my ambitions, I don't believe in the 2% risk mantra.

I'm happy if what you can see here is of any help, I distill my patience from my system (again) as I don't have specific targets to wait for, but it's true that when having good profits you are sometimes tempted by taking them before the market turns the day after. I accepted the fact that I will only get what the trend is willing to give and be happy with that.

You are welcome !

Being transparent is also a way for me to be honest with myself, when you fail in presence of witnesses you cannot blame the market or anything else for a loss or a blown account and hide behind that, you need to search for the truth and that's when you make a step forward.

Thanks for the kind words and all the best for you as well !

--- 帖子 #971 ---
August 2021 : + 168 Pips

I wasn't going to trade during this August but with this new updated and fresh system in hands I couldn't wait to put it on the fire even if it was vacation time and knowing that volume would be lackluster and movements could be a bit erratic and slow.

Finally it did well, and even very well ! On July 22, the account was showing 1K, down sharply due to previous losses, and today, one month and 4 perfect and winning trades later, it's showing a balance of 3,4K, no less than 3 times the initial balance and bringing the account to almost break even. These results are far beyond what I was expecting.

August 2021 ends with 3 trades closed, 24, 25 and 26, totaling 168 pips and an open trade 27 that should close in profit and bring already a good start to an interesting month of September.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No anxiety at all during the most awaited event of the month, the Powel speech at Jackson Hole last Friday 27. I was just thinking that it would put an end to the trend and to the trade and that was perfectly fine as I'm a trend follower and I'm learning to accept whatever a trend has to offer or wants to take.

Still interesting to see how the SMA was violated (close on the other side) at 3 am that same day and how it went below that low during the event, some stops were taken out there...

Same movie this week with Friday NFP if there is no turn before, but with just more chances for me to close in profit this time should the NFP go sharply against me but whatever happens, again, it's the rules that say when I have to close a trade. Not a Powel, a NFP or any other event! I think I know that now.

I think that I can't tell it better than Mark Douglas:

“You create your own game in your mind based on your beliefs, intents, perception and rules.”

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Finally Trend/Trade 27 came to an end.

I had to be patient for this one as it lasted more than 2 weeks but the rewards are there, +148 pips and +39% growth in balance !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I could have closed the trade earlier and at a better price but I wanted a clear break of the trend which came now and also very near of a SMA cross which should be the second confirmation signal for a direction change and for the new trade 28.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Cancelled !, It's back on the bull trend so am I.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Cancelled as well.

PA undecided, so will wait a bit for it to resolve before getting in again.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Finally short again with I think this time a valid close far enough (~ 5pips) from the SMA with this new entry which is 3 pips below the original one.

Let's see if this one survives. I see now the importance of my first sell signal which was at 1,1878, lesson for next time...

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Hi there , somebody please re-upload newly Indicator and a good looking Template ?

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Hi, the first post contains the latest versions of the indicators for both MT4 and TradingView.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
I'm done with trend/trade 28 with a small profit of 16 pips and turned bullish with trend/trade 29

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #979 ---
but I don't know why newly versions (8) of indicators don't work in my mt4 (build 1340)

old versions work fine e.g (V.4)

--- 帖子 #980 ---
I think that question was answered in the past posts but don't remember exactly when.

And sorry, I'm not giving more support for MT4 as I use TV for my trading.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Which trend line you are using for, can you tell me about its name, properties, etc plz ??

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Nice Work BT!!!!

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Read the thread and you will know.

Thanks but to be honest I'm half happy of this one...

True that my equity is at a new high so that's definitely positive if we say that the result is what counts at the end...

But I over traded a bit on this one with higher risk even if I had my hand on it all the time...

And all of this was because of my original mistake of exiting too early the original trade.

So you see, it's still a work in progress...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #984 ---
I'm saying goodbye to trade/trend 28 and entering trade/trend 29 @ 1,17355

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Just took a loss on trade 29 as the trend turned south, and a small profit on 30.

I'm on the sidelines now waiting for an entry level.

I Will try trading the swings within the trends so next trade could very well be a long even in the main signal is indicating a short for now !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Just entered in the direction of the new Swing.

I even had a better signal at 1.1689 (red line) but was asleep at that time, let's see what this one gives...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Another one that is lasting an entire month !

I'm still wondering why I exited so early with 16 pips while the whole setup was still valid and it still is !

Even the two small contrarian signals couldn't invalidate it !

The right execution in purple would yield now 280+ pips !!!

Something to think about and to learn for the the next trades,,, Patience,,, sit on my hands as long as the trend is valid!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The positive note is that I finish the month positive with a tiny 1.3%

I'm back to basics and will try to not deviate from them till the end of the year !!!

--- 帖子 #988 ---
On the sidelines waiting for next signal. . .

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Entered new long trade in anticipation of trend 29 after H1 close beyond the last H1 stop downtrend.

It still needs a close beyond SMA and SMA color change for trend change confirmation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #990 ---
As long as the system is, I'm still making too many mistakes that should be avoided.

1. Trade 28 (blue) closed too early => +16.6 pips instead of +239.9, 223 pips lost !

2. Trade 29 (green) closed too late => -59.8 pips instead of -43.5, 16.3 pips lost !

With new clearly identified swings violations, the trades should have been executed as per the violet lines so I expect to avoid those mistakes in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #991 ---
I have messed again with my trading and sank the account in the process and I'm the only one to blame.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My 2 goals till the end of the year :

1. Trade properly according to my rules.

2. Recover the account.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
You got this...

--- 帖子 #993 ---
My greed killed me again but haven't decided yet to give up...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not focusing anymore on recovering till end of year as it will be impossible but instead going percent after percent...

--- 帖子 #994 ---
"Yet" - What kind of talk is that?

Incorporate some profit taking benchmarks - Yes

You absolutely ROCK!!!!

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Hi bro how are you.

bro you can list down all the reasons why you are losing money.  Hope you will improve a lot.  Best of luck

--- 帖子 #996 ---
I don't know if it's first or second degree, if that you're laughing at me or encouraging because English not being my mother tongue I could be sometimes missing the meaning of an expression but it's not important because whatever it is, certainly I deserve and accept both, I don't rock but my system does, I know it, I'm just not capable of executing correctly so I need to focus in finding the missing ingredient...

Hi, I'm fine, thank you! That's just what I'm doing and have already defined some issues with goals to fix them:Issue: Adding additional trades to the original one because of greed or will to recover quickly.

Fix: Only allow 1 single trade from begin to end, it already embeds the maximum risk I can take per trade, no need to add more. Issue: Expecting fast results from a system that needs the trend to develop to show results.

Fix: Instead of adding to the trade as in 1, expand my time horizon to a quarter and only measure results every quarter, not every trade or month. Issue: Lack of commitment in respecting system rules and trading capital.

Fix: Stop depositing thousands in the account as it's already red more than 6k, From now on, I will only deposit a couple of hundred at end of month to help accelerate the recovery but only if I can demonstrate that all my trades are executed correctly during that month. And as Winston S. Churchill once said

"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm"

The enthusiasm is still there but it's true that I'm a bit tired.

Till the next

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Bro I have observed all you trade in h1 and h4 tf. If you allow me,  I want to share my observations and brutal criticism.  I am hoping you will find few good points from my criticism.  If you ok with criticism let me know.

Best of luck

--- 帖子 #998 ---
I only trade the 1h time frame, go ahead with your criticism as long as it's constructive.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Ok Lets start. I tried to personally message you but your message options is off that is why I share publicly, Hope you don't mind.

1. You are trading one currency pair EurUSD, Buy observing your trade entry and exit, I don't think you understand EurUsd move well.

2. I don't think you have solid MM plan and position sizing plan.

3. You try to target home run but when market conditions change you seems don't care your trade and you hold the trade.

4. You don't use partial close.

5. You have to improve your market structure understanding.

6. You open good trade and you perform very well when market is trending, when market is not trending you lose more.

7. In slow market you open too many trade. but you don't close few trade in possible Point of inters (POI)

8. I don't think you test your system properly, If you objectively test your system you would not use this system at all.

9. You need to have exit plan, you can use ATR multiplier, ADR levels, RN levels, your personal intuitions etc

10. You believe every strength and every weakness of the market, You follow CS pattern but without proper back test data

11. You don't have awareness about what is moving the market currently, I mean major economic news like ECB etc.

12. if you trade only one TF H1, I think your making mistakes, To understand market order flows, you have to watch at list W1 chart at the beginning of the week, MN chart at the beginning of the months, D1 chart once a day.

13. With proper observations you have to identify what's are looking for and what's your avoiding. Market is changing so you can not expect same setup that will work every day.

14. I see you trade Trend continuations a lot, I think you would be much better stock trader, In eurusd Trend continuations works but differently, Familiarize yourself with mean reversion,   if your trend trader,  trade the trend with your mean reversions, By doing this you will be advance trader.

This are the observations, I draw from your trade and my little knowledge, You may disagree, you may agree few, If you agree few go and improve those.

I may be wrong in my observations, Since I did not  follow you before.

If you take those positively, I think you will start improving, Best of luck.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Always encouraging... I never laugh at anyone but myself

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Not that it matters too much, but consider changing your name to something neutral or more positive to your trading endeavours.  "broke"Trader isn't a good name in my opinion.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Finally a first good week after my previous fall.

Added an additional piece to the puzzle that allows me to take profits quicker even without a good trend, it seems perfect on back tests, I don't know if I will be able to trade it correctly in the future but it worked quite well this week and this even without executing it perfectly.

Made 4 winning trades in a row with 3 of them at +55, +52 and +56 pips on an almost flat market, for a total of 150+ pips which is the equivalent of what I could make before on a good trend so no doubt this is the way to go.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Deposited 160$ more on my account, got some bonus from the broker and in addition to this week gains, the account has recovered a bit to -87% from -99%

A good first step I'm happy with.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Maybe you should watch all major pairs and trade only pairs that are trending nicely.  EURUSD is a mess right now.  Look at USDJPY for instance.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
How's you BT??? Happy New Year

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Not now. Messy times are Ok, I just need to learn how to handle them, it's a work in progress...

Hi Vision!

I'm Good thanks, and as you can see, I have not yet given up on this , just decided to shut my mouth until I recover

I hope both of you are well too, I send you my best wishes for the new year !

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Happy New Year to you!

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Yes - Healthy Happy and always learning...

2022 Here we are!

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
@broketrader

I am following you since you opened TE live. My heart goes out to see you keep coming back without any changes or improvement. Either your system or phycology not working out. I am nobody to you but please can you take a break or lower your risk for a while to see how it goes. Take it in positive way

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Hi @AKCodingEye !

You are not correct on one thing, even if the results are not there yet, believe it or not, there are changes and improvements ongoing. The problem is that it all works very well on replay but not live because of the points I explain below.

You're half correct regarding system and psychology, I had to adapt the first, the system, which is still globally the same but with some important tweaks. And I'm in the process of completely changing the psychology, I have a problem with patience, I go for fast and large profits and explode my risk which is already large from start.

To put an end to this, I'm now setting short goals to my trading. I have divided the year in 4 sections of 12/13 weeks each and have categorized those sections,
Novice, Beginner, Competent, Proficient and to finish being Expert if I ever reach that milestone. I consider myself now as a Novice trading my own system until I can prove to myself that I can trade it correctly for 12 weeks where I will progress to the next category, you see the idea...

It will be a long, full year process, every week has 5 days, I fill every day in green as long as I haven't broke any rule that day.
So my only goal now is to do that week after week, day after day, every day is a win.

On the money management side, I have also decided to stop putting money through the window like I have been doing these past weeks, so the plan is to limit the deposits I made to 100$/week, as long as the account is less than 1K. There is no sense in putting more, if I don't trade correctly with 100, I won't do it with 1k, and you will see that if I trade correctly the account will grow very fast meaning that I won't need the deposits for very long.

As I told previously, I'm a bit silent now but it's mainly because I'm focusing on the job that I have to do on myself but if you want to know a couple of things about me it's that I'm not afraid of failures and that I won't stop until I succeed. For me, there is nothing really serious in life except death, so take it easy because that's what I do.

Thanks to be on board and for your interest!

BT

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Absolutely love your last post my friend... Stay focused on your desired outcome - You Got This

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Believe it or not but I have reached a new level with a very advanced version of this system that I cannot publish here for good reasons.

Lol, I find myself writing like the guy that wants to sell something, but no worries, I don't want to sell anything except maybe some hope for myself lol.

It has been a very long and lonely walk in the desert... I'm thirsty... I see palm trees... are they real or is it a mirage ?

In any case, I wanted to draw a line in the sand with this post, start posting my new trades and see where I will go from here...

This one was the first of it, I did know how to enter but not completely how to exit. It was not 100% good but good enough!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now the system is ready and complete and I'm waiting for the next signal...

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Welcome Back BT...

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Thanks, did never left, was just waiting for the next trade signal that came few hours ago.

This, and future ones, will fully follow the (updated) system, let's see how it evolves...

Good luck with your trading as well!

BT

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Second in a row with a nice profit, +258 pips / +54.7%

The trend was broken well before the exit but I wanted to fully execute the trade according to the new rules.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
After 2 successful trend trades this was a only a quick retracement trade with a fixed target of 80 pips.

Currently waiting for the next move to confirm...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Nice Job on your recent trades BT... Woot!

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Hi Vision,

Yes I'm particularly proud of the following one:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With 500+ pips, it was almost perfect.

I see now that the euro is consolidating and that it could go even higher as the main up trend is not broken but I needed to materialize those gains as last trade did exactly the same and then reversed and finally got a win transformed into a loss so I just didn't want to repeat it.

My goal was to reach 1k to start 2023, now it's done with the double of it so I'm happy, there is still one and a half month to go but I think I should do it ...

Next year goal is to have methodology, patience and profits ;-)

Hope your trading is going well too...

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
i saw your last trade that was perfect. with 500 pips. now whats your plan??

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
If it breaks the consolidation to the up side, I could enter with a lower lot size and continue with the trend.

Otherwise I will wait a signal to the downside and trade it normally.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Three good trades and consolidating.

Last three trades were profitable and above all executed properly according to my rules.

There were smaller ones with few pips that were taken in anticipation of signals but those signals didn't came so I closed them as soon as I saw it.

Lesson learned as the last move up above SMA was almost giving a signal near the SMA and I could even be in a profitable long trade right now but I finally didn't take it and didn't anticipate anything, and even if the area is now filled in green the move was not strong enough for me to enter.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
I'm trying to be ready to start off 2023 on the right foot.

I must make 2023, the year in which I became methodical, patient, professional and consistent with my trading and not treating it like a game where I just put money through the window.

Methodical in executing my system signals to the letter, without questioning them or trying to anticipate them.

Patient by applying the method and accepting periods of no trading. There will always be another opportunity another day.

Professional by accepting that no system is perfect and that losses are part of the game. Learn to take the losses when needed, accept it and move on to the next trade but learn also when to take profits.

Consistent by just keeping in mind and applying these previous three points continuously without deviating from them.

Just be focused and make things happen.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Hello, long time you are out of trade.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
I have been trading "other" weaker signals without success so I think I will just forget those.

Now I'm waiting a "true" signal and I don't care whether it will take 3 days or 1 month to come.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Going with Momentum.

Finally I wasn't out of trade for long, only 4 days.

In my back testing I see periods of no trading up to one month but it seems that we are getting some direction these days.

Don't be confused by me getting a position after that big NFP candle which by the way, put in context, is not that big but still around 100 pips.

So why entering at top right before the NFP news and then entering again at NFP low when being in a loss with the first trade and even entering a bigger trade ?

Looks like cost averaging trades in the hope of having the price soon back where it was before the news like it finally did...

If it was that I would have closed my first trade right now with a small profit and set a stop loss at break even for the bigger trade that is 77 pips in profit now.

That would put me in a very comfortable protected position like a majority of traders would do but that's not what I trade.

The NFP was only an opportunity for me of having a second trade with a better price in the direction of the momentum shown by the first trade because that is where the momentum is right now, not elsewhere, price well above SMA96 and near the top.

Does it means that the trade will finish successfully with a good profit ? No because momentum changes constantly so there is no way to predict anything, the only thing I can do is trying to guess in which direction it's heading and go with it.

A chart says it all...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Good stuff BT... Learning a lot from your post on your process for developing your system - thank you.

Great double down move... Woot!

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
All good if you can extract some juice from what I write here

Direction and Momentum are key words.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Positioning for the next up move ?

Very good data from US was still not enough to break the main trend. This could mean consolidation.

Large institutions eating all the sell orders they can and positioning before next week where Inflation data and FED rates decision could be the catalyst for a good move to the North or to the South!

Current momentum and direction are still to the upside but the momentum has been well degraded during that Friday move in the direction of the trend line.

I need some movement to the upside in the next hours to stay with my longs. On the contrary I will have to close them and go short.

I will know what to do by Monday morning after the Asian session.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Monday came and I got what I needed to keep my current trades.

I'm still with the trend and some momentum is still there, let's see what the inflation numbers have to say today..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
This is the part I need more patience in... You are over 100% and still holding... My impulse is to always pull a heavy profit. Kudos on your trade BT!!!

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Yes, I'm gently learning to be patient...

I don't look anymore at the percent I make on a single trade, I'm just holding because I have no exit signal telling me to exit, and who knows, maybe tomorrow all my profits will evaporate because of the FOMC but I trade a system, not the news, otherwise I would have been out today as a precaution before the inflation numbers.

On the other side, I know that at some point I also need to take profits so I have a target at 1.0870 1.0800 and till there, two things can happen, 1 we reach it and I take some profits or 2, I get an exit signal before if the FOMC puts everything upside down.

That's all for now ;-)

Edit: Target 1.0800, not 1.0870

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Today I have been given some edumaction...

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Do you provide TV indicators?

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
The situation repeats again.

As in quoted post #1056, things have turned south again on Friday. This time is even a little bit worse but the trade is still in profit and I'm following the system to the letter so all is fine.

Maybe that peak to 1.073 was a climax and a failed tentative to reach my 1.08 target and we are turning south right now but I can only take profits when some target is reached or when it changes direction, not just because I have "good" profits.

Monday will again decide where it is going...

Trade well!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
yes no doubt you are trading the system, and you have good patience but you should book half profit IMO

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
No problem and it's good to have opinions but if I book half profits now, then I'm no longer trading the system which says that I have either to reach some target or wait for price to change direction to close my positions.

As Mario Draghi could say, "I will do whatever it takes" to remain methodical, patient and professional just to become consistent, it's in this post.

Last word, I don't want to take "what could look" a good profit from the market, have been there and done that. I prefer to wait and see what the market and system are willing to give and accept it.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Maybe breaking new bullish flag...

An overview showing some technical formations that made the recent up mode.

Bullish flag A was made of 108 bars, current (maybe bullish) flag has actually around 100 bars, so we should soon see the end of this consolidation period.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
The consolidation continues...

The bullish flag A was broke to the upside maybe with a false break B which is now consolidating into another flag C inside a symmetrical triangle D !

What a joke, consolidation into consolidation...

Hopefully we should exit that triangle tomorrow...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Fresh volatility coming in.

Last symmetrical triangle was broken to the upside but price went south below it cancelling that move.

Previous tops acting as support to recent low which was still not violated so it's still trending up and now forming a broadening formation or megaphone, indicating that things are becoming more volatile.

Momentum dried severely but if that megaphone brings a new swing to the upside, to around 1.0660, that would bring some fresh positive momentum that I need to keep my trades running.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
We are almost out of consolidation.

It looks like this last trading week of the year will pull the EU out of its consolidation phase and maybe to the up side.

Some flags and triangle were cleared on the H1 chart, another H4 violet triangle was also cleared. The last blue megaphone top that needs to be cleared will coincide with the recent 688, 699 closes and with it, it will form a daily double top. That previous daily top is at 682, if it handles to be above on the daily close, I think that the road should be clear to the 800s otherwise we could be at an intermediary top and see some significant down move.

On the momentum side, even if it was not spectacular, and this was due to the lack of volume, there was a nice continuous price push to the upside since yesterday that is still in place at the moment of writing so for me we are clearly going up so I'm keeping my longs in place.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
False break suggests south turn.

After a break to the upside of the top descending triangle, we are now back into it suggesting a false break with a potential start of a new down trend.

The momentum is degraded a bit but it's still too early to get out, I will wait to see if Asian and tomorrow's session both give confirmation of this recent move.

I'm moving my sentiment from Bullish Strong to Bullish Mild.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
I like the mystic chart look - woot!

The daily MACD supports your post... May have another up swing though...

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Yes  it brings some life to the graphic, they call it "Tokyo Night" in TV

Well, all movements are a bit erratic now so I'm not expecting quite a lot, we will have to wait next week to get some real movement I think.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
False break turned out to finally be valid (at least for now ;-))

After a short incursion inside, it finally bounced up nicely forming a fresh recent high and a double top with the top of the triangle.

It if follows the theory, it should reach the 730 level (blue line), then we are not far from my final 800 target, if not this year, maybe next, if, if, if...

The momentum is back with me but my sentiment remains bullish mild as we are low on volume in the last days of the year and this could turn very quickly next week.

Eight minutes before entering the last trading day of the year.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
All is in place for a good start in 2023 !

That consolidation triangle is definitely cleared and the double top as well as we had a bar closing higher.

It's only 100 pips away now from my target and it has the potential of going even higher (1.0850), we will see that I guess next week.
My plan is to wait for it to touch the 800s to close my largest trade because taking profits is part of the game. I will let the other trade run to see where it goes.

Given the recent price action my sentiment is back to Strongly Bullish until it reaches my target level where I will turn back to mildly.

Regarding my trading abilities, I have been doing well since November and this running trade is teaching me to be patient which is a very important aspect of the game. Of course two months are only a good start which already translates in good numbers, but more important, I'm learning to have trust in what I do and above all leaving the emotions of fear and greed aside and focusing on just trading well, theese recent results are just beyond all my expectations so I'm committed to continue in this way during 2023, executing to the letter not touching anything.

The EU chart below shows clear pa now, I'ts always clearer at the end but I must admit that I had trouble reading it at some points.

If you look at my previous posts, you will see that I talk about flags, expanding triangles, etc..., not really a clear view of what was happening and I was aware of it so I went looking for other charts and naturally I found the US Dollar index (DXY)

That's when suddenly all became clear ! From December 22 it was clear that we were in a nice symmetrical triangle and by chance I published a post #1067 on that same December 22 titled "Fresh Volatility coming in." (it's on this page some posts above) published at the end of the day.

On that post, it's very clear that I didn't know in which waters I was navigating. If I had had this DXY under my hand, I would have known that the consolidation would still last for a while. In this occurrence, the DXY chart was very clear while the EU chart more difficult to read.

So from now on I will keep an eye also on DXY only to confirm my EU sentiment and post its chart when needed.

EURUSD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

DXY on December 22 23h00

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

DXY Right Now

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Three years of some retrospective.

A new year begins, it's I think a good time to look back and see from were we come, but also were we are going...

After a chaotic start in 2020 due to COVID, EU tops at the beginning of 2021 an then starts a bear market that accelerates in 2022 to reach parity and below in September 2022.

From the second top in 2021, it was a perfect down trend as not a single Lower High was violated until in late 2022, there a couple of higher lows are showing that we just entered another market.

It's all in the chart.

Happy 2023 !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Amen...

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
New year, new direction...

Wow! That was a severe change in direction and I had to finally close my trade and take a small profit in regard of what was on the table a couple of hours before but that's fine, I'm executing correctly and I don't feel even a small frustration about it like it happened sometimes in the past. It looks like something is really changing in my approach to trading.

Anyway, I'm starting the year with 2,3K when my goal last time I reset my account with 400 in November was to start the new year with 1K so it's goal achieved and maybe next trade will be better...

After this change, it looks like the momentum is now on the bearish side but it's bed time here so I will wait tomorrow morning or this night if I wake up like it often happens to enter short.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Congrats on reaching your goal!!!!

Yep - It's time to break out in 2023...

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Keep it up BT!

May I know how often will you monitor a trade after entering?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Thanks!

I will try to break out in my way of trading we will see if the bottom line follows...

I watch it like the milk on the fire  It's a saying we use here to say "almost always", but it's more for fun and because I like it than a real need.

When a sudden change appears like yesterday, then it becomes more necessary in the following let's say 24 hours to see if the pressure given by the sudden momentum remains there or not that's when I monitor it constantly, because I know that I will maybe have to act.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Looking like a bear trap...

At the time of writing, end of Asian session, it looks like the move of yesterday was nothing more than a bear trap but it was enough to put me out of my trade.

The bearish pressure is gone now so I cannot enter short as I thought yesterday, the confirmation is not there.

If the trap is confirmed we should then see a new up leg and this time certainly reach my 1.08 target and that could be a new move to reach an even higher target but later.

There is also the possibility for this move to be a correction, in this case we should see a new down leg maybe violating a recent low which could lead to a larger down move but for now the up trend remains intact, only recent lows have been violated but not major lows so my bias is still Bullish.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
No clear decision today.

Bears trying to get through recent supports, Bulls pushing them back above, me watching.
No follow through and not new real direction taken today, recent up trend still in place.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
NFP Trade, or not...

After a recent pull and a bit of consolidation, the down pressure remains and It's enough right now to enter a short trade but I have a rule saying that when the major trend is bullish I can only enter a contrarian trade (short) if price comes near of the SMA on a closing basis, right now we are at 80+ pips from it.

So the overall picture that I see is still bullish as we are above the 55 day SMMA but there is a large room for a good correction at least near that same SMMA .
It's useless to try to see farther than that as conditions change almost every week.

Adding a Timeout to my trades.

I'm almost adding new things as soon as I see that something could have been done a bit better.

I have been thinking about what could have been done regarding my previous trade on which I took 11% profit which is not bad in absolute terms but on which at some moment I saw more that 100% floating profit.

After examining all the trades in my backtest, I saw that there were not a single trade that lasted more than 3+ weeks so from today I will
monitor the duration of any trade and close it when reaching around 4 weeks. I don't think this should happen too often so it's a good additional feature to improve the performance while adding a bit of additional security in the process.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Agree with you BT. Perhaps should consider taking partial profit. Frankly, I can feel the pain of seeing profit gone so far before coming back to Breakeven or entry point.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
No issues as there was no pain felt, just wondering what could be done to improve without changing everything else and that's just what I did.
There will be other trades, other days and now I'm better prepared for those and it's all part of the learning process so I'm fine with it.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
No trading today.

It seems too early to me to break that pennant but who knows...

The NFP acted as I expected, strong but still not changing the short bear sentiment and then came the PMI with a push of 100 pips to the upside. Strong momentum and enough to forget the short I was planning to enter but not enough yet to go long, maybe Monday will decide of it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Consolidation broken and new highs made

Finally that consolidation period was short and it broke to the upside.

The momentum was sustained so I could enter long again and at the time of writing the momentum is still there, no weak sign, meaning that the bulls want more and sign for more push upwards. but we will need some correction at some point it's already 250 pips from recent low!

Trade open, no target yet.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Continuous bullish momentum.

As expected, recent momentum has pushed the price again to a new high, it was clearly visible that there was no other possible outcome whatever the CPI numbers would have been as there was almost no correction during this last period of consolidation. I have a possible target at 1.1030 where I could decide to take some profits on current trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Consolidating last push.

We are in another consolidation zone, there were moments in which momentum was lost but it invariably went back in the following hours which means that the bull interest is there so the overall picture and sentiment remains bullish.

My current trade is reaching it's half life, I will still let it run for another 2 weeks unless it reaches my target sitting at 1.10

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Still with the trend.

Another push to the upside after recent consolidation has just created a local new up trend.

Trade is at 58% of its allowed life time. I can stay in a trade for long but not for ever, see post #1082 on this page, this one is now living since 2 weeks.

On the bottom line, it's showing 40%+ profit right now and some of these are now locked as I will close it if I see several and substantial closes below the SMA or a substantial decrease in the momentum, those are my stop losses.

On the target side, I have 2 identified, 1.1010 and 1.1040 maybe we will reach one, both or none, I will decide if I should close by looking at price action once we approach those levels, otherwise I should be put out by the stop losses I just talked about.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Kudos" on your locked in profit... Woot!

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Adding fuel to my trading.

I Have been working on a way to enter kind of scalping trades when I'm already in, with a standard system trade.

The logic behind being that as the main trades should end most of the time profitable the same outcome should apply to the scalps.

But how do I know that my trades are ending most of the time profitable ? Well, I don't know it, I measure it, so if the win rate over the last 10 trades is good enough, I will proceed, I will avoid them otherwise. it's simple and should be efficient, but let's see...

Below, along the current trade, I identified in yellow circles where those scalps could have been taken.

Always easy on paper, lol, let's see in real...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Finally it came to an end.

Another good trade with 147 pips profit and 26% gain.
Entered a counter-trend trade that should have a short life and waiting more negative momentum to eventually enter a bear trend trade, we will see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
End of my Novice period.

It has been three months of good trading...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since I reset my account beginning of November with depositing 400$, the account has grown exactly 8x to 3200$

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Learning to be patient, to execute as per the plan with no anticipation and no precipitation.
Still a lot of work to do to prove that I can do it, at least I have all I need for it, its just a question on continuing what I'm doing.

Starting this next period of 4 months with the "Beginner" status, just to remain on the ground and not forget that I still have to figure out how to detect when the system starts to fail and adapt my trading accordingly while patiently waiting better days, a work in progress...

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Ready for an excellent week! Woot!

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Hi BT.. Just downloaded your indicators, SRSI96-V8 and SmaSRSI-2021.

I am planning to use them in a combination with price action.

I have already read in your relevant post how to use them. I have two questions;

1) Can you send the most updated versions of both indicators?

2) Can you tell me about your strategy? (what are your criterias to enter a trade, when do you exit, what is your win rate, what is your RRR, what is your profit factor etc.)

By the way, I am trading on 1h EURUSD, too.

p.s. In your most recent posts I can' t see SRSI96-V8 on your charts, not using it anymore?

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
This system is on pause right now as it seems not to be working with current market conditions.

I'm still monitoring it and waiting patiently for it to be back...

In the meanwhile I will be trading a complete different one from today which looks good in both periods, past and present when this SMA worked and not anymore.

For now it seems that when I find something good it just stops working the moment I go live...

Explorer reset to track my performance, let's see.

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
First ongoing trade, parameters for entry cannot be shared for the time being, not even know if this one will work.

Orange line is my SMA 96 which helps to identify the current trend that I still use for my trades...

Stop/Target levels on the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Previous one ended with a loss but entered again on the same direction and looks like I'm in better position now but nothing is done until either TP or SL is reached...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Have a risk/reward of 1:8 on this one...

I also asked support on why my explorer cannot anymore suddenly be attached to the thread, but still visible on my profile, waiting an answer from them...

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
First Trade on new system

After some initial tuning I finally set my first trade which became a winning one and while waiting for the outcome I finally came out with clear rules to trade. This one works on EU H4, and has a risk that is between 1 (30 pips) to 2 (60 pips hard stop) for a reward of ~4 to ~8, depending on market conditions, I still use my SMA 96 to indicate overall market directions.

This first trade was perfect with a 1/8 risk/reward which finally paid 8.5x !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The explorer finally came green

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Waiting now for next signal and trade...

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Hey BT! It's been a minute! What's the new strategy? I can see your entries are before the break.... Take care

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Wouah! Yes, it's been a minute, nice saying

Still on my road to become a pro(fitable/fesionnal) trader as you see, both at the same time if possible, lol.

For now, I can't say much about this new one, except, it's on H4 time frame and that it's profitable in my manual back tests over the past 3 years so I need to know if I can do the same in live. I still use the SMA96 on H4 for overal trend direction but nothing more.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
How are you BT? Things going well in your new approach???

Be Amazing!

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Hi Vision!

Thanks for the message!

Which new approach are you talking ? the new one or the new new one

The latest one I just started it live seems promising but it's a completely different one.

These are the trades I did with it, still some open visible on the explorer on my profile.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Maybe one day I will open a thread for it...

And you how are you doing ?

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
For those that were interested in my trading, I just opened a new thread here that I think will be an interesting one.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...-swing-trading

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
could publish the parameters of the indicators for MT4


===== 附件下载链接 =====

SmaSRSI96-V8.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3598076?d=1586066316
StochRSI-V8.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3598075?d=1586066316
SmaSRSI96-V7.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3597696?d=1585996559
SRSI96-V8.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3608372?d=1587072080
SmaSRSI-2021.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3909749?d=1617864577
TSO Stochastic RSI.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3517381?d=1577461776
MyStochRSI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3517424?d=1577465075
MyStochRSIv2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3517535?d=1577480969
mtf-ma 2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3518619?d=1577730263
mtf-ma 2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3518620?d=1577730263
MyStochRSIv3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3520915?d=1578046325
MyStochRSIv4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3522817?d=1578351015
Powered_Trend_Signal_Arrow_Alert - 2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3523092?d=1578385515
Swing.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3546307?d=1580885344
SmaSRSI96.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3549101?d=1581173932
SmaSRSI96.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3549102?d=1581173933
SmaSRSI96.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3567248?d=1583079285
SmaSRSI96.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3568313?d=1583179181
SRSI96-HV48.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3581518?d=1584465500
SmaSRSI96v6.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3588548?d=1585155295
SRSI96-HV48.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3593374?d=1585639230
MyStochRSIv5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3595758?d=1585818932
SmaSRSI96.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3596116?d=1585841910
MyStochRSIv6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3596148?d=1585844493
MyStochRSIv6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3596162?d=1585844881
SmaSRSI96.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3596164?d=1585845049
MyStochRSIv6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3596167?d=1585845587
SmaSRSI96.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3597312?d=1585934028
2020-04-04 v2 H1 broketrader - EURUSD Swing Trading ALL IN ONE PACKAGE.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3597709?d=1585998236
MyStochRSIv7_MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3598100?d=1586075547
SmaSRSI96.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3598101?d=1586075547
2020-04-05 v3 H1 broketrader - EURUSD Swing Trading ALL IN ONE PACKAGE.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3598103?d=1586075592
EURUSD 1H SWINGY.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3607463?d=1587013081
SwingMNTrader.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3640389?d=1589925140
