===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
I have been trading this method for about a week but it has been in development for several months. It's designed for daytrading (not for scalping or position trading) which is the approach I am most comfortable with.

I have a reputation in certain quarters for being anti-indicator, probably because when I see charts that look like an accident at the fireworks factory, my hair catches fire. I believe that indicators have their place when they are on the chart for a very specific purpose (and the user knows what that purpose is).

Accordingly, this method has only two indicators:

ALF (Adaptive Laguerre Filter) was created by John Ehlers, a true visionary who adapts Digital Signal Processing techniques for use in futures trading. You may want to visit his website at www.mesasoftware.com. In the Technical Papers section of the site are many interesting and free examples of his work. ALF functions as a continuously self-adjusting overbought/oversold line. Buy when price goes above the line, sell when price goes below (similar to a Stochastic except that ALF is both the 20 and the 80).

TVI (Tick Volume Indicator) was introduced by William Blau in his book "Momentum, Direction and Divergence". The book contains many other excellent indicators and delves deeply into smoothing techniques that introduce only minimal lag. TVI measures the relationship between incoming ticks for a given volume. If upticks outnumber downticks the TVI rises, and vice-versa.

A screenshot and the necessary indicators (plus a template) are attached below.

If you have an hour or so with nothing more pressing to do, set this up on a M15, M30, or H1 EURUSD chart and take a look at the last few weeks of trading. It sounds presumptuous of me to say this, but I sincerely believe that this approach needs very little explanation. Entry and exit points and times when you should not be trading are quite clear.

Download the indicators and template at the bottom of this post. Copy all 4 indicators to the yourmt4/experts/indicators folder and the template to the yourmt4/templates folder - then close and restart MT4.

I'll drop back in tomorrow and, if there appears to be some interest in this method, I will deal with a few of the fine points (and the not-so-fine points).

Update 3/19/10 - A few words about the TVI indicators.

You may use any of the three TVI indicators (but make sure all are in your mt4/experts/indicators folder). Both TVI_2color and TVI_Histogram show the data using 2 colors as a visual aid - the actual data value shown is identical to that of TVI.mq4. Both will repaint the current bar as the data changes (which they should). TVI_2color will also repaint the preceding bar when the direction of the trend changes. This is deliberate and unavoidable - because of the way MT4 paints the chart this is necessary in order to keep the line unbroken. As you learn the method you will see that this is not a problem because TVI nearly always changes direction well before ALF creates a trade signal but if it bothers you, use TVI_Histogram or just TVI by itself.

Update  3/27/10 - A mathematically  correct ALF

I mentioned at one point in the thread that I had been lazy when translating the ALF code from EasyLanguage to MQL4 and did not provide the correct calculation when the Median parameter is an even number. This update corrects that lapse.

Update 3/29/10 - and yet another mistake. ALF is now (I hope) mathematically sound.

Update 4/4/10 - After several weeks of live forward testing (the best kind) I have determined the following:

1. The slope of ALF is not as important as I originally thought - the relationship between ALF and PA is critical.

2. I have changed the settings for TVI for my own trading. Rather than the default (12, 12, 5) I now use 8, 8, 5. Check this out and see if it appears right for you.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
The TVI didn't come through on your template.

I put it on. What settings do you use?

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Sorry about that - use this one. I've also replaced the template in post #1.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Definitely like to see more and get the full picture.

Looks interesting

Brian

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Nice.

So basically we wait for the Laguerre filter to go flat and then take the direction that the TVI tells us to.

So what are the finer points?

--- 帖子 #6 ---
I'm interested in the finer points as well.....thanks for taking the time to share.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Don't trade when either line is horizontal, particularly when ALF bisects PA.

Wait for a decisive move through the ALF or an open clearly above/below confirmed by TVI.

Don't trade when ALF and TVI diverge - doesn't happen often but it does happen.

Depending on the magnitude of the trend, ALF will close in on PA and provide a good exit. Some trades are better exited by change in TVI.

I routinely switch between time frames (M15, M30, H1) to anticipate the best place to enter/exit.

Stops can be placed a few pips above/below ALF as appropriate.

Keep an eye on the slope of TVI - it's important.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
still TVI color didn't show up..try put it manually but still only blank window with no TVI line.any idea???

--- 帖子 #9 ---
my mistake forget to put the TVI.mq4

--- 帖子 #10 ---
bookmarking this thread fro updates . I like this minimalist approach ill start practicing using this method to get a feel for it thanks.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
I caught this one just then on the EURUSD M15.

There's a solid break of the ALF with a big heavy candle there, in addition the TVI indicator alerted a change in colour.

(actually I was considering a trade around this area anyway, I had a feeling that price would bounce off 1.3700 today)

--- 帖子 #12 ---
took the same trade....also took one on the eur/aud for similar reasons.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Isn't the ALF horizontal?

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Not going to argue with the results so far....

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Nice and clean!

One question about the TVI. On your template you are showing the 0.0 level. Do you require TVI to be positive for long/negative for short trades, or are you looking at color and slope only regardless of TVI's numerical value?

Cheers,

Jesper

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Subscribe.

Appreciate the simplicity - a breath of fresh air.

Will begin testing.

Ron

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Unfortunately we can not depend on TVI_2 color cos it can change after the bars have been closed.

Regards

Kristjan

--- 帖子 #18 ---
TVI_2color is having an alert function

can this be extended to show the curency pair for which the alert is sent

regards

Udo

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Try this

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Interesting system and would appreciate some finer points explained - from a very brief observation TVI only repaints during current bar - not sure I understand the difference between ALF and MA  -10 ema gives similar profile (less smooth). What is benefit of ALF - apart from smoothness

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Thank's for that proposal,

as I have no clou how to code, it would be great if you could integrate your code into the indicator

thank's

Udo

Attached File(s)   TVI_2color.ex4

4 KB
|
1,528 downloads

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Lou G

Thanks for sharing this.  Based on the attached chart, have I applied your rules correctly?

Also, what are the rules for adding to a winning position...?

Cheers,

Chngster

--- 帖子 #23 ---
can use this methode at smaller TF, like TF1 or 5?...what is best setting ALF and TVi  for those smaller TF?..thx

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Forgive me if I do not answer each post individually. I will try to answer every question.

TVI repaint? - No, only the current bar can change.

ALF horizontal? - This is a somewhat gray area and requires a little "feel" which you will acquire with enough screen time. If there is a clear open away from ALF and TVI is on a steep angle, go ahead and take the trade if you like. I try to wait for ALF to move a bit even if it's only a pip or two.

TVI zero line? - This has no trading significance - get rid of it if you wish. It's only there because it was there in Blau's book.

ALF/TVI on D1 chart? - If you can make this work, more power to you. I would not trade this method on anything longer than H1 (or H4 at a stretch). My objective is to get 1-3 trades per day with a high success rate and I am overjoyed to get 20-30 pips on a winning trade. Most of my trading is on M15.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
interesting looking method, thanks.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Living as I do near Chicago, I trade the NY Open from 7am - 11am my time. I waited 3 hours today for a good signal and wound up with one trade, net +14 pips for the day. Better than a loss...

--- 帖子 #27 ---
I wouldn't because that would be scalping and I hate scalping (though I envy those who can do it profitably).

I don't know what to do with the setting for shorter TF's - try it and let us all know if it works.

As far as settings go, the defaults are what the creators of these indicators recommend and I have not tinkered with them. It may be that there are slightly better settings for the recommended TF's. Feel free to try other settings and share them if you find something really good. The only caveat would be re: the Median parameter in ALF - be sure you use an odd number if you change it. I was lazy when I translated the TradeStation code to MQL4 and did not code the median calculation "by the book". An even number will not crash the code - it just won't calculate an arithmetically correct mean

Thanks to all who are posting. I hope the simplicity of this method works for all of you.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Try this

--- 帖子 #29 ---
I'll  add the currency symbol to the alert in TVI later today and post it in post #1. An oversight on my part - I have all I can do to watch one currency pair

For those who know how, feel free to add it yourself per the code generously provided by Walb99...

--- 帖子 #30 ---
There is some problem with the TVI indiator you posted in first post and also Various versions in susequent posts.can u please update it when saved the indicator is saved as .php attachment and changing it to .mq4 also does not solve the problem.can u please change the indicator to original.mq4.Thanks.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
This is a problem with the site somewhere. It works well soetimes for some people and not at other times.

However, you can download the indicators/templates by clicking the attachments image on top right side of the page.

The image which shows a paper clip with 12 written alongside it , at this time.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
ALF provides more subtlety in the way in tracks price. Because of the adaptive nature of the algorithms, ALF changes very little when PA is static or ranging. Conversely, when PA pulls away ALF tracks it at a distance and allows for retracements without overreacting.

Check out Ehlers technical paper "Time Warp Without Space Travel" at www.mesasoftware.com - the benefits of Laguerre Filters are covered thoroughly there.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Download by left-clicking the link. It should never save as .php - must be something you are doing but I don't know what it is.

EDIT - okay, I was just able to duplicate your error by right-clicking the link instead of left-clicking.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Is there a way to enable TVI_2color indicator to send email alert when the color changes?

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Instead of

Alert()

put  SendMail( )

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Thanks Lou for explaining this

--- 帖子 #37 ---
There you are right that the TVI does not repaint but TVI_2color repaints (meaning when the candle is closed the line can change the color after candle close) that is for sure. I have no intres what so ever to say here thing that are not true. When I spot it again I will post the screenshot about it, till then be aware of it.

Friendly regards

Kristjan

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Yes, as I look at the code I see that can sometimes happen - I did not intend to question your honesty.

However. due to the way MT4 paints charts, there is no other way to change color and keep the line smooth. The other alternative would be to use the single color TVI and open the Data Window to be sure direction has changed. If you prefer that approach, I'm sure the method will work just as well.

Best,

Lou G

--- 帖子 #39 ---
No offense means, I gone through the code and found that TVI does repaint last bar.

You could leave the indicator run for a 20-30 bars, then reload it and u could find the repaint.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Attached is the TVI shown in histogram form - this should (hopefully) take us away from repainting discussions and back to trading (which is the topic of the thread).

Good morning for me, as shown below.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Don't have time to say much but many thanks Lou for sharing this with us....it is already proving invaluable and I have a feeling I will come to lean on this template more and more.

Got more to say but have to run.....

--- 帖子 #42 ---
You're very welcome.

Here's the same trade from my previous post on the H1 chart. Illustrates the value of looking at more than one timeframe.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Hi Lou,

Like the TVI histo...

Should the default settings remain unchanged?

Attached is what I show for those defaults.

Thanks for sharing.  Appreciate the input.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Lou,

Have you tried other pairs than EUR/USD, in other words, have you picked the pair based on back-test performance and eliminated other pairs, or did you chose the pair for different reasons, or are you actually applying this to other pairs as well?

Also, have you experimented with other settings than the standard ones? Interestingly, if you configure the ALF indicator to [LookBack = 5] and [Median = 2] you get a line in the price pane of the chart that mirrors very closely the movement of the TVI oscillator. So if you have two ALFs, one with standard settings and one modified to be faster, you could actually trade this as a cross-over system and enter a bit faster than if you wait for the single ALF to pick up direction.

I am attaching a sample chart to illustrate this. The reddish ALF has standard settings, the blueish one is modified as above; slope pretty much traces the TVI -- I see this on other currency pairs and timeframes, as well.

jesper

--- 帖子 #45 ---
http://i42.tinypic.com/29wa44o.jpg

I like your idea jesper!

The thing about a simple template and system/method is we (me included) like to immediately complicate it.  How many hundreds of times have we seen this happen.  :-)

I myself am a template tinkerer, and always tweaking my trading templates.  Here is my current variation of ALF.  I simply put mtf bollinger bands on the template, with the lightest being the 5, the next lightest being the 15, up and through the color black which is the 240.  BB's are useful for many things, but primarily I use them for S/R and tp points.  One little hint.  If you see a grouping of 2 or more BBs you can be sure that at that level there is stiff s/r.....etc etc.  I also added a Market Price as I hate squinting and the Daily, Weekly, and Monthly Pivot.

http://i41.tinypic.com/108ekig.jpg

BTW - Lou if this template tinkering bugs you let us know and I will gladly refrain from posting my variations of your theme.  Again I appreciate you introducing us to these 2 indis.  I myself like a combination of super simple charts looking for obvious S/R points, PA action etc as well as a main chart I use which is a spaghetti factory.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Default settings? - are not cast in concrete. The defaults are the settings suggested by the creators of the indicators (neither of whom are Forex traders) so there may be better settings. I'm making steady pips so I haven't played with them, but I might...

Other currency pairs? - I really have not looked at any but can't think of a reason why this method would not work with them.

Tinkering? - feel free to add to the stock method if you can improve on it. Or even if you can't but just like the way your additions work

Thanks for the interest and thoughtful contibutions. My hope was that this simple approach would help new traders who were struggling - maybe it will if the thread stays alive. Looking good so far...

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Hey All,

Thought I'd share a trade I took with Lou's system here.  Took it off of 15m close of LH candle even though it had yet to cross below the Alf.

Notes on chart should explane the rest.

Good trades to all.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #48 ---
nice trade

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Hello Lou,

Thanks for the system. Look at my chart. This what I get. The indicators do not show up.

Can anyone help please?

--- 帖子 #50 ---
You must also have TVI.mq4 in your indicator folder.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Thank you Goldhouse.  It is funny how sometimes one can forget little important things.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hello Lou,

If you have time to take a look at this, there still seems to be a small problem with the coloring of TVI. The histogram bars that I highlighted were increasing and should thus have changed color, but didn't.

Reloading the indicator (actually, reapplying the template) fixed this, as shown in the second attached chart.

This is the first and only time I've noticed this; other charts with the indicator on the same instance of MT4 behave just fine.

Not really a major issue, but if it is easy to fix it would be nice in order to avoid confusion.

Cheers,

Jesper

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Hmmm - I have not seen this (and I keep MT4 running for hours each day). Thanks for the heads up - I'll go over the code and keep a close eye on my charts. In the meantime, you can always reference TVI,mq4 - I didn't write it but it appears pretty bulletproof.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
interesting looking stuff just got everything loaded but the TVI2 indi getting the php error also

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Lou G:

New here in this forum. Interesting concept - one question - does this only work with one specific charting software or can it be adapted for any package?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Left-click the link (instead of right-click) - should get straight to "save file" that way. That's how it works in Firefox, anyway.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
I intended to post all my own trades in this thread but today I broke one of my own rules (traded against TVI) and lost. Still 4 for 5 this week, though.

May I recommend "Trading In The Zone" by Mark Douglas? Most have probably read it but if you have not, give it a try - great book, not selling anything (except the book itself) and the best trading advice I've ever seen.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
It's a bug in Internet Explorer. Simply go to the office clip next to the page count in the top-right corner of the window to show all attachments and download from there. That takes care of the php issue.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Thanks, Jesper. I've been a Linux user for so long that I'd forgotten about IE and its problems.

On another note, I just recovered from my earlier loss (and then some) on the EU. Now 5 for 6 profitable trades this week,

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Hey Lou

Great week for ya! Congrats! I would luv to see all your trades for the week for study over the weekend.   Er, you can just post the TVI trades!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Hello Lou,

I have tried the system on M5 and it looks very good.  When I get a chance I will post some charts.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
I didn't save all the chart gifs but at least 3 of the six trades are posted here - check my posts.

EDIT: actually, all 5 wins are posted.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Hi Lou G, quick question, have you tried this system on renko? Is it better on usual chart? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Arite, cool, just found the thread and put the chart together today, so my bad.

Will check it out.  Cheers

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Here is my renko verson of it.....amazing!!!!!

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Can you post your templ for renko and i see two more lines other than ALF, can you please explain, Thanks in advance,

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Fantastic Derivation of ALF,Can you provide Renk set for meta4 and explain how to enter and exit, Tnx

--- 帖子 #68 ---
I've looked at it but have not traded it. Probably don't need the TVI if you use Renko - trend changes are already clear enough. Also, be sure to enable wicks...

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Hi Lou

I also noticed this almost immediate watching the Indy during the opening of the Asian session.  Like jesperw says, refreshing or reloading the template takes care of it. I did happen multiple times, but on the 5m. Didn't notice it on the 15m or 30m. I entered off of my favorite E/Yen 5m chart watching the 30m TVI just before the A open, catching a nice move. Demo for now, don't know if I can trust the 5m though.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #70 ---
I sure would love to, but I do not think the starter of the thread will

want any distraction from the original purpose of the thread.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Just so you know he said it is ok to post variations.  I posted one with template and indi's ....i would be interested to see your renko indi.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Hello,

I think I'm missing something here. The Renko charts are not time-dependent. I mean... it draws a new candle whenever price drops or rises a certain amount of pips. So in theory... it is possible that no new candles will be drawn for a very long time (if the price ranges). This being said, it is unclear to me how we can superimpose time-dependent indicators (like the ALF and the MAs) over a non-time-dependent chart (the Renko chart)... and how is the result relevant in any way.

But please post template and indicators... and I'm sure that will answer my questions.

Happy trading!

Marius

--- 帖子 #73 ---
These or other indicators used on renko chart simply will be much stronger, becose they eliminate some range periods, where there is less action.And only make new data when something hepeaning not just becose of time going ahead.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
This is the template setup I use.  You can see that it uses just the simple indicators found here in this thread, with one exception.  That exception is the MTF (multi time frame) Signal Bars indicator in the upper right part of the screen.  That particular indicator, which I do not have the source code for, displays an interesting view of combined MACD, RSI and EMA settings for the various TFs (time frames).

In my daily trading (and I trade on a live ATC account), I rely heavily upon pin bars first, and indicators second.  Again, for the newbies, a pin bar is a very long wick appearing on a standard candlestick. The name 'pin' bar comes from Pinnoccio (or however you spell it), the legendary wooden figure whose nose grows longer and longer every time he tells a lie.  So, in forex every time I see a pin bar, I know it's lying to me, that a reversal WILL occur.

So, now for MY interpretation of this chart.

At point A on my GY M15 chart (15 minute GBPJPY for the newbies), there's a huge green pin bar that was lying to me, trying to get me to go long, but with the help of the TVI (it was shrinking at point a1), I decided to go SHORT.  Kept a fairly loose S/L (Stop/Loss), as the GY tends to fluctuate quite a bit before getting to the profit point.

At point B, another pin bar tipped me off, but I didn't get confirmation until that bar closed and I saw a double bottom emerge on the next bar.  I could see the TVI was steep and rising, so I closed my SELL and entered a BUY.  This was confirmed as the correct decision with the TVI changing color to green at point b1.

When the big skinny pin bar at point C arrived I was undecided.  So, the safest thing to do was close the BUY and take my profit.  Point c1 on the TVI was of note to me, but the flattness of the price around point D kept me out of the market.

Finally, another pin bar of significance at point E arrived.  But as the TVI at point d1 was uncertain for me, I waited until two bars after point E to enter a short trade.

It worked, this time, and at point F I got nervous and closed out of the trade.  I had some good profit and didn't want to loose it, and the next candle was green while the TVI crossed over at point f1.  I'd rather get out and watch when the market goes flat as it did from point F to point G.

At point G, however, two things happened to convince me to go short: a Doji candle (just above G) and the TVI crossover to a red downhill slope.  I took a SELL.

The big pin bar at point H made me get out prematurely, but by now you must know that I'd rather be safe than sorry.

Right after H there was a double top where I could have gotten in short again, but the TVI was confusing to me, so I stayed out.

Point J looks to me like market consolidation is still going on, so I'm still out of the market right now.

This template works for me on all pairs, but I'm posting it here to see if anyone else has any luck with it.

Thanks guys,

Ed

--- 帖子 #75 ---
I find it very difficult to keep trading on the 15 minute charts (except for the yen pairs), so I normally stick to the hourly charts.  Here's my trading on the GU (GBPUSD) H1 (hourly) chart.

At point A I detected a pin bar, and the TVI was green and rising.  So, I went long with a BUY.

The TVI rounded over the top and went red, plus I saw a green gin bar at B, so I closed my order.

Market went flat for a few hours until C, where I saw a small red pin bar AND the TVI was red and sloping down. I went short with a SELL.

The market went flat 3 hours after that, so I closed my position.

At D there was a very strong long indication: a a red pin bar, b) a double bottom set of candles, c) confirmation by the TVI green crossover up.  I went long with a BUY.

At E the market went flat again (that was at US market close, 4 PM Eastern US time), so I closed my order.

At F it was 5 am Eastern time (which was near the open of the London market), I saw a double bottom appear AND the TVI went green.  I went long.

AT G it was 7 AM Eastern and I closed the order.  The reason was that there was the high pin bar next to G which was confirmed by the next red candle.

I should have gotten back in at H, but missed it.  The market went flat again.

At J there was a pin bar and the TVI was red and descending.  I was not certain, so I did not take what would have been a winning trade.

I waited until L and entered short on the strong TVI downward indicator.  Point M on the chart is my exit point.  The TVI is rounding and this hour's candle is still green.  The heck with it; I'm out.

Don't know if this makes any sense to anyone, but it's the way I trade.

Cheers,

Ed

--- 帖子 #76 ---
I still have not seen any erratic behavior by TVI but here's a repost of the indicators from my live trading version of MT4...

--- 帖子 #77 ---
The TVI.mq4 and the TVI_2Color_alert_symbol_tf appear to match, except the second one has colors on the line.  I overlay your TVI histogram over the TVI and get get a great visual display.

Thanks for the indicators.

Ed

--- 帖子 #78 ---
That's the way I trade as well (but I use M15 for a hint that a trade is forming and to decide if I should exit). Nice work.

To clarify the above, if you see ALF closing in on PA on the M15, check the H1 - what you are seeing on M15 may be a retracement.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Thanks very much, guys.  Nice charting and good advice.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
My first trade today.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Same trade 2 hours later on the H1

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Thanks for the explorer bug tip I forgot about that got it with firefox no problem. So here is a chart from last night just wanting to clarify. The red line shows a candle that from what I gather would have been an ideal entry according to this method. I would put the stop at the top of the candle. Now do you plan on trying to make this an EA?

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Very nice explanation. Nice amount of pips, too.

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Hi enewbold

just to add to your analysis. TVI its also a very fantastic tool for spotting divergence between price and TVI. this is seen in the attached picture at points A and point B

If this is combined with the pinbar and the double top or bottom then we will make some good trades

kos

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Just closed the trade I posted earlier for net +38. PA is showing signs of slowing on the M15 and it's Friday, meaning that the position traders will soon be closing out for the week.

Note how ALF is homing in on PA on the H1 chart - a good sign that the trade is running out of gas.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
why did you wait till the green down arrow before entry why not the red down arrow?

that would have given more pips, any reason?

kos

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Good entry, either during the bar you have marked or (if you are more cautious) on the subsequent bar.

No plans for an EA - this method requires a fair amount of human reasoning which can't be programmed.

Anyone who puts in a reasonable amount of screen time with this method will quickly get the feel of it.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
nice, do you have an indi for automatic divergence detection ?

--- 帖子 #89 ---
I was sleeping (literally). I trade from the beginning of the NY open until the end of the London session - then my day ends. I entered at 7am CST.

I should add that it's perfectly fine to ambush trades with this approach - I do it it frequently. Check the M15/H1 TFs - if the trade looks strong, jump in.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
i'm thinking to add a close deviation channel over ALF, then validate entries and closes when prices closed outside.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
RE: my earlier trade today. As the coffee was brewing I booted up Linux and loaded the M15 chart. Saw the trade in progress but with a green bar on TVI. Changed to H1 and checked ALF - looked good, bending down nicely (not horizontal) and confirmed by TVI there. Hit ALT+s to run my sell script. Went out to do some errands. Came back at 9am and at about 9:30 decided to close out for a pretty effortless +38 pips.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
No Sir, I have been doing that for so long that they are easy-spot for me

kos

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Many thanks for having pushed that nice system, have a great WE.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
You're welcome. Put in that screen time I mentioned, wait for clean, by-the-book setups (today's trade was a perfect example) and you will prosper. Probably...

--- 帖子 #95 ---
oh yeah i do

what i like with this system: the less the better spirit, easy to follow , easy to catch

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Great idea, Kos.  Will start doing that with each chart from now on.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
I'm glad to see some experienced traders following this thread - my original idea was to present something very simple for the less experienced but still sophisticated enough for the rest of you (and me).

If this approach is useful to you, throw a vote - that way we will draw in more of the newer traders who are basically floundering...

--- 帖子 #98 ---
OK

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Anybody catch this this morning?  I got a few pips on the Euro, didn't do quite as good as Lou.

I told myself to check for 30m, 4hr setups but when I saw the Euro setup this morning, I  jumped in, not as quick as Lou, about twenty minutes later, and just watched it.

The cable 30m turned a couple hours after the open right into a nice looking 4hr setup, quick 100 pips if you moved on it.

Cheers+good weekend

--- 帖子 #100 ---
This may have been explained but my TVI indi doesn't change colour,have I installed it wrong?

--- 帖子 #101 ---
TVI.mq4 does not change color - TVI_2color.mq4 and TVI_Histogram.mq4 do.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Returning once again to the trade I posted earlier today - this is an example of using the interaction of ALF/PA to exit. Works best if the trade has given a good move (30+ pips or so). ALF catches up with and intersects PA.

For more ranging-type trades, TVI direction change may be a better exit.

You may note that I could have gotten another 10-20 pips out of this trade. I refuse to feel bad about it - Mark Douglas (in Trading In The Zone) has observed that the second biggest fear of traders (right behind an outright loss) is the fear of leaving pips on the table.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Very nice. Good to see this approach working well on GU and H4 just as well as it does on what I trade. Keep it up...

--- 帖子 #104 ---
I reposted the indicators here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...9&postcount=77

just in case I inadvertently had a bad one out here.

Copy TVI.mq4 and TVI_Histogram.mq4 to your mt4/experts/indicators folder, then exit/restart mt4.

I have not personally seen this coloring error (and I leave mt4 running for hours) but one or two people have had it occur.

Any problem, let me know (no need for a pm - just post here).

Have a good weekend everyone,

Lou G

--- 帖子 #105 ---
It's a very easy way to watch multiple currencies, to look for the best setup.

I have set up profiles with my favorite 5m entry chart where I can set short stops, (of course you could use the 15 alf chart), a 30m, and a 4hr. Draw your vertical line every 30 minutes and bump the chart to 4hr.

Looking forward to next week, Lou, you do good work!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Thanks, my friend.  See you Monday (or Sunday night).

--- 帖子 #107 ---
A big Thank You from what feels like the original struggling trader!!  Your system teamed with one of several trend following things I've been trying from Rednose and Xivali that have also been so generous looks like the answer for me--really appreciate it!

--- 帖子 #108 ---
am sorry ... but when i made back test for the TVI _histogram

it seems to me that the indicator repaints

so please any one can confirm that this indicator doesn't repant

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Depends on what you mean by "repaints". If you mean that the current bar changes color, this is normal and is not repainting.

I suggest you re-read post #1 -  I recently updated the indicators there and added some information about the TVI and the two TVI color indicators that should put your mind at ease.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
i don't mean the current bar ... i mean for example

the indicator make green bar then after number of candles the green bar turned to red one

does the indicator do like the above  example ?

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hi,

I´ve tried to attach the TVI Histogram, but it´s only a blank window for me.

What´s happening?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Hi Marine,

I've been looking at this too.  After using the system for the entire week I have yet to see a past bar on the TVI set one color and then change color latter several bars after.  Once that bar closes on any given Time Frame it has not changed.

IMHO this is not an issue to be concerned with using Lou's system.

Hope this helps you with your research.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Go back to post #1 - all three TVI indicators (TVI.mq4, TVI_2color.mq4, TVI_Histogram.mq4) need to be in your yourmt4/experts/indicators folder. Then close and restart MT4.

--- 帖子 #114 ---
When To Trade

The Forex market is basically divided into three sessions, the hours of which are as follows (all times are GMT):

Asian    00:00 - 08:00

London   08:00 - 16:00

New York 13:00 - 21:00

Note that there is a dead spot between 21:00 - 00:00 where (generally) little trading takes place. In addition, after the close in London, volume drops off dramatically leaving the period 16:00 - 00:00 with much less activity. Therefore, you need to pick a 3-4 hour slot between 00:00 and 16:00 for your trading window. The beginning of the London session is best, the New York (which overlaps the London) is second best and, if you have no other choice, the Asian is doable but less active (though there are some days with big moves).

I've posted a simple indicator called WorkTime.mq4 which will draw a green vertical line when your work time begins and a red one when it ends. I've found this helpful for visual backtesting purposes - it will help you to see what you can expect from ALF/TVI on a day-to-day basis.

MT4 does not make it easy for us to set this up. We have no control over the times shown at the bottom of the chart - these are established by your broker's server time and those servers may be anywhere in the world. The easy way to set up the start/end parameters in WorkTime.mq4 is as follows:

Be at your computer at the time you plan to begin trading

Pull up an H1 chart, mouse over to the current candle and note the hour from the bar at the bottom of the chart

Enter the hour as the StartTime parameter

Add 4 to StartTime and enter as EndTime (don't go over 23).

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Oh,

i´m sorry! I was mindless...

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Another way  to look at this (and a more practical one) is that one should be primarily concerned with the current bar since that's where we're trading. This is not to say that I think repainting  would be okay

Cliff, thanks for posting - I wouldn't want anyone to get discouraged about the method as a whole over this repainting thing. Take a look at post #1 again if you would - I've added an explanation about TVI that I hope will mitigate the continuing distractions.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Yeah, Lou,  mine has the glitch but it doesnt bother me.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Nice work Lou and thanks for sharing. I saw a post from DinoFX earlier and was thinking the same thing overnight regarding using a channel to confirm the cross of ALF.

I added a couple of 5-Period smoothed MA's, one of the high and one of the low. Therefore you only trade the ALF cross (subject to TVI), if the candle closes outside of the Channel.

It's quite effective, not perfect but then what is !

Attached.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
If you mean the glitch in TVI_2color - yeah, you're absolutely right. It's basically meaningless as far as the trading value of the indicator.

Just for fun, overlay the TVI_Histogram and TVI_2color in the same window - you can see what the repainting of the line is actually doing. I'd rather that MT4 would allow me to draw a smooth line without tinkering but it won't. Maybe in MT5...

--- 帖子 #120 ---
I want to thanks everyone with introducing their strategies and such. I am curious as to how you place your stops I know it depends on your account balance risk tolerant  percentage account. You place stops right below/above blue ALF line as Lou stated and Lou  or anyone do you place behind the last bar close  below/above blue line thanks.

I would use mini lots of 2 and after 10 pips let the other pip run move my stops to break even. However, I am studying other strategies demo.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Actually, I have not been following my own advice - I've been using a flat 20 pip stop on my trades.

Just above/below the ALF is a good general rule but use common sense - if price is 50 pips away from ALF, you probably don't need that large a stop. Conversely, 10 pips is probably too little.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Hi Lou G,

Thank you for sharing strategy. Just fininsh reading thread and will start trading this strategy Monday morning. Will post results here.

Cheers,

--- 帖子 #123 ---
this is amazing, how this system is rated so quickly, it started on the 16th march and 4 days later it is a 5-star rating.

Does that attest to the effectiveness and simplicity of the system as day trading strategy?

kos

--- 帖子 #124 ---
I don't know how the rating system works. I'd like to think that the method works for many as well as it does for me - I'm not that good as a trader and developed this to keep me from overtrading and only taking trades with a good chance of success.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
thanks for the suggestion Lou. As far as 5 star ratings. I know so far it works good for me I use  TRO_SupReshhill for support resistance level I found from some where on the forex factory forum. THis way I won't buy near the resistance area or support. usually I see  I think this style or method is used not necessarily to ride the wave but to get in with high degree percentage the trade will move in your favor and be happy with 10-25 pips unless you are glued to the screen for longer periods to follows. It used like SMA moving average but much smooth.

My goal is to see if I can use eur/usd and another pair or two in order to achieve about same number of pips   but will shall see if time permits.Otherwise, I will try to find a part time job to trade around the less activity trading  hours that fit my schedule. If anyone having success trading other pairs let us know.

Hope everyone success and keep it simple and don't overtrade.Use small micro lots to get a feel for it. I have a separate account for trading micro lot like 10cents a pip so i can be "live " feel of trading while experimenting. this is my way of "demo".

--- 帖子 #126 ---
The screen shot below was taken Sunday night (when I wouldn't be trading anyway) but it's a great example of what "Do Not Trade Now" looks like, no matter what time of day you see it.  No correlation between M15/H1, two horizontal ALFs, etc.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
thanks for posting the TVI indicator. I am adding this to one of my templates and has shown to close out trades very well.

This will be a handy tool to help improve my trading.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Morning all,
Just thought I'd post a little 5 pip sclap to start the week off on the right foot.
Although ALF is flat on both the 1h and 15m, this was taken as a scalp.  SL is break of last Lower High.
Short entry from break of center BB.  Price is south of ALF and TVI is pointing down.
There may be more in this trade but I took it with the intent of gaining 5 pips from the trade and closed it accordingly.
Good trades to all this week.
Cliff

--- 帖子 #129 ---
I'm short EU at 1.3489 as of about 20 minutes ago - let's see...

EDIT: I bailed out at 1.3472 for net +15 pips.

There was strong support at 1.3500 going back to last week. That was broken eventually and, when TVI turned down on H1 I took the trade.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Nice play, Cliff.

As you can see, I did something very similar a bit later.

The astute will notice that I did not wait for my own exit rules to take effect. My reason? Mondays can sometimes be a bit jumpy with a lower daily range than other days of the week - just a "feel" thing, really.

Going back to an earlier post, this may prove to be a premature bailout but I steadfastly refuse to feel bad about pips left on the table if I have made a decent profit on the trade. This may not be the end - there could still be a retracement.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
EU appears to have settled into ranging rather than trending. I think I'm done for the day.

Those who traded the M15 without looking for H1 confirmation probably did better than I did - perhaps this is true in ranging markets. Time will tell.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Seems like professionals are accumulating below 35

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I'm not very well-versed in VSA so I can't reliably identify accumulation unless someone calls my attention to it

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Took +15 pips net during the 09:15 candle (and after the news activity).

I'm not totally satisfied with the exit strategies for this method (as I've found that I generally don't wait for them) so I'll devote some time to improvement.

On the whole I'm very comfortable with trading this strategy. The results speak for themselves - 7 trading days, 8 wins, 1 loss.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
well here is one I took not sure if I followed the rules per se.  I use my own exit rules but the entry as far as I know was by the book.  Almost 50 pips on the trade

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Looks good to me - the rules (such as they are) aren't all that rigid.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Lou, Thanks for sharing your setup.

Can you go over your exact entry rules again? Sorry but I've read the whole thread and still not sure.

Also how do you put 2 indi's in 1 window.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Just drag and drop both of them in the same window.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...32&postcount=7

Long when PA breaks above ALF and TVI is up - reverse for short. Best if ALF is deviating from horizontal in direction of trade.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Thank you both for your replies. I'll be following along to see if I can grab some pips.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Hello traders

For your own information.

I´m using this system for Scalping in TF 5M. I have added only a filter, the indicator FREEDOMBAR in 60 and I only take the trades in the direcction of the main trend that shows FREEDOMBAR.

In EUR-USD and in the last three days 25 trades only 6 negative. The exits.. when de candle touch a pivot point.

I´m happy .

1.000.000 thanks for this system LOU.

Regards from Spain

(I hope you understand my english is basic)

--- 帖子 #142 ---
this indi shows me only one blue line "1" ? How does it work ? Could you show any picture as an example ?

--- 帖子 #143 ---
oh¡¡ Sorryyyy is posible that the indicator freedombar needs the indicator Heiken:Ashi_Overlay, I send you now with a picture- If you have a problem... tell me.

You must configure freedombar in timeframe 60. Blue means up trend, red means down trend in 1hr. If freedombar is blue you must take long trades and if freedombar us red.. short trades.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Thanks a lot - it works now ! Will give a try.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
I think you should start your own thread.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Sorry, was not my intention to intrude . Do not get me wrong, my intention were good

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Nice and Simple Strategy Lou!

I'll devote some screen-time to it to get a feel for it. Just eye-balling reveals that best to wait for curve on ALF+ slope on TVI. Also, since you're only doing it on EU M15, just a thought you might consider opening up UC alongside as they are negetively co-related most of the time. Just to add up some pips.

Good trading to you!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Not a problem - I just think it makes sense to actually trade a method as it is presented for a bit before deciding that it needs improvement.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Actually, I switch between TFs frequently to get a sense of the trend (or lack thereof). UC, huh? I'll take a look.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
I've been doing quite a bit of visual backtesting and am now not certain that the curve of ALF in the direction of PA should be an entry requirement.

I'm not ready to back off this completely, but I have said consistently that it is "best" if the curve is present rather than "must". Don't mean to waffle here, but this method is a work in progress...

Also experimenting with settings for TVI to improve its usefulness as an exit signal - 8,8,5 looks promising.

If you have interest in trading this method (and I do believe it has great potential - I have 10 wins, 2 losses in the past two weeks) do a little visual backtest of your own and post your opinions.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
From what I have been watching on the charts over the past week, I think more important than slope of ALF is what TVI is doing on higher timeframes. I like the histogram and have it configured with different colors for positive and negative, increasing and decreasing values. A screenshot is attached for reference. In the chart, dark blue above 0.00 is a strong indication to trade long, dark red below 0.00 is a strong indication to trade short. Light blue and light red are weak indications.

I'm an MTF trader, so this leaves me a bit biased, but looking for entries on M15 I would confirm that TVI on H1 is either pointing in the direction of the entry or at least positive for long entries/negative for short entries. In other words, I wouldn't enter on M15 against a strong signal on H1 in the other direction.

Respecting H1 it then becomes fairly safe to enter on M15 (or M5) when price action relative to ALF and TVI slope/color (regardless of positive or negative value) agree, as originally described here. ALF can probably still be flat at the time of entry. On the chart posted, a strong indication for longs is showing on H1 TVI, so I wouldn't go short no matter what M15/M5 is saying.

Jesper

--- 帖子 #152 ---
I have noticed the Levels being a factor also, I like to scalp so I have been watching the 5 with just the 15m as confirmation. But just using the TVI 2 color indy, I mark the levels -.15 and +.15. When the TVI passes between(short from above, long from below) with a 15m confirm, well, I'm not missing many of those. Just caught a sweet 15 pipper on the Cable. A RSI of 8 set at 55-45 seems to match this TVI move often.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #153 ---
You trade very much the way I do.  I agree completely about the slope of ALF - I've missed good entries by waiting too long. I haven't done much with M5 only because I feel it needs a little more close attention than I'm up to early in the morning

By the way, I really like your color mods to TVI_Histogram.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
I'm glad to see that someone is able to scalp successfully with this - I found out the hard way that scalping is not the best way for me to trade but I always marvel at the skill of those who can do it well.

Interesting use of levels - I had not thought of using them.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Lou,

Good system.

Attached are MTF ALF and TVI indicators. Since the markets are closed, cannot verify them but looks good on charts.

On a M5 chart the ALF _240 is a good trailing stoploss or emergency stoploss while the ALF 60 provides multiple entries in the direction of the trend.

Have not tried it but seems viable.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
And here is the template.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Thanks, Pat - some who have posted here are MTF traders and I'm sure they will appreciate your contribution.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
See post #1 for an updated AdaptiveLaguerreFilter.mq4

As I mentioned at one point along the way, the median calculation in ALF was not mathematically correct - now it is.

Not an issue if you are using the default value of 5.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Please illustrate entries, SL etc on the chart. Thanks

--- 帖子 #160 ---
The Basic sytem - 5Min Chart with ALF5, ALF60 and ALF240, TVI_Histogram5 TVI15 in the two sub windows.

Basic System Entry Rules from post 1,

MainTrade

- ALF 60 Crossed Below ALF240

- Main Trend is Down.

- Trend Just Changed

Rule 1 if PA is below ALF5 and TVI5 is red, Short with stoploss of highest high(my interpretation) while PA was above ALF.

Rule2 Confidence in the trade: ALF60 is LESS THAN ALF 240 and stepping DOWN.

As the trend gathers strength, the PA will indicate this with as series of mini trends and consolidations.

This presents an opportunity to crete an AddOn trade.

Same rule of the basic system apply for an AddOn trade, so long as Rule 2 shows strength. Larger Step size.

Upon AddOn, Stoploss for all trades is ALF240. If there is a spike you loose. If there is a spike and you require a close above ALF240, then a hidden stoploss comes into play.

Anyone who trades the markets has to have faith in the system. The concept that ALF60 is less than ALF240 and both are stepping down and gaining strength offers the ability to increase "calculated risk" and therefore higher return.

In a trend, the trending is usually violent, impulsive and, even with constant vigil hard to predict. ALF moves with the market and flattens out when the market is not volatile. This is where the faith in the indicators comes into play. So long as the higher TF ALFs are behaving as required, this concept of adding on trades to and existing trend yields much higher returns. The market travels 100 pips, you make 300.

Requires patience, faith in the indicators, and ability to take calculted risk.

Stick to one system.

Pat

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Hi Lou,

Sounds interesting....Will feedback you with some demo testing....Great Work

Looking forward for some profitable trades and less loss trades..

Good on Ya for sharing

--- 帖子 #162 ---
I am fairly new to trading full time, and quite frankly I have found people make thing way to complicated, they use way too many indicators, moving averges, and just turning the charts into unmanagable entities that cause you to get into trades that go the wrong way. When this thread started Lou made it simple. Then things went downhill from there, by the end of this thread the charts went so technical without adequate explanation. The indicators went way off base, people got off subject or tried to impose there own methodology that is not the subject of this thread in the first place. By the time i went thru this entire thread, I was in the red, but when i went back to the basics and simplicity of the orginal intention at the beginning of this thread those indicators showed me I should have never opened the trades in the first place. Most people are visual, we are looking for that system that works for us and us alone.

I have tried many many different systems, methodolgies, and indicators. i the one thing I have found is that the more simple the more less stressful and more monies I make.  Dont get me wrong, there are the guys out there that are coders they write the indicators and we need them , however most of us just want to trade and make money. We want an safe entry and a safe exit.

For my self the higher time frames are no issue, it the lower M5,M15,M30 is where I get me butt handed to me with no money in the wallet. That is what i am interested in and so dar i am finding that simplicity is the key.

Lou keep keeping it simple.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
wellsaid bro, didnt try this method yet but willing to give a try, as you said we all are here to make money....so why not keep it simple.....and if this thread to grow.....all of us need to share their entry charts...so newbies could learn if entry went loss or made profits....this will encourage newcomers

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Hi Lou,

can you please give some more information about the corrected calculation?

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Thanks Ravin, I try to follow the KISS Method as much as possible ,however sometimes I get caught up in the hoopla of trying new methods and styles. As you can see I entered a trade on the AUD and the indicators were correct and I even waitied for the close, where I made the mistake was I went to reading more of this thread and backtested some of my ideas and did not watch the trade, as ou can see it went north on me and when I got my head out of reading I was in the red. Luckly I use pivots, a 5 and 10 EMA and knew where it was going and I was able to cover my trade, if it does not go any higher then I will get back some pips and even get a little more in the bank. Lesson learned , ...when trying something knew, Demo or watch it closely as not to let it go to the red.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
from your setup chart i see that u made the sell entry on the divergence ...can you clarify....may be i am wrong

--- 帖子 #167 ---
The Stoc was breaking 0, TVI was going into a neg. and a pivot was looking like 8953, the long term was looking at 8866. But now I dont know, I went to reading and back testing 2 different methods and the next thing I know I look up and this frakin thing has gone up 70 pips. i have a stop loss at 9166 and from the short term it may hit it. I have an opposing trade on the cad and it in the same positionlong to 1.0454 with a s/l at 1.0154

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Hope didnt risk too much on this trade as Lou says putting a stop loss above or below few pips the ALF is good.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Also Once the trade is going your say 10 pips+ way better to adjust the Sl to BE so to avoid losses

--- 帖子 #170 ---
EasyLanguage, (the Tradestation equivalent of MQL4) offers a median function which is used in the original Ehlers code - MQL4 does not, meaning it has to be coded the old-fashioned way. When I originally translated the code I was lazy and did not provide for the Median parameter being an even number (in which case it's necessary to calculate the average of the middle two elements rather than simple selecting the middle one).  This code corrects that - not a big deal either way but I do like to do stuff correctly.

EDIT:

Whoops, screwed it up again - corrected ALF uploaded to post #1

--- 帖子 #171 ---
That stop placement is a good general rule but needs to be adjusted in some cases - I touched on this in an earlier post.

Another good general rule is, "don't set a stop for more than you expect to make on the trade". I've been using a 20 pip stop for the trades I've posted here and, in practice, I usually don't let it go that far against me.

Temper all "rules" with good common sense - if totally mechanical systems really worked, spot Forex could not exist

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Mondays can be problematic - with little or no news the market is often a little flat.

20+ pips on this simple trade (and I'm glad to get it).

--- 帖子 #173 ---
I am used to longer trades and trying to learn ( the hard way) about the shorted time frames, I finaly just got out and regrouped better to take a small loss than to take a large one. Shorter stop loss and higher lots, in 10 to 30 pips trades seems the way to go, as long as the plan is is place, time to just study it and trade when it looks more defined.

I am just one of those hard headed folks that hate losing, I am from Texas, so we tend not to give up or give in too easy. Sometimes that good and sometimes thats .....not so good  However, better to pip out than not to pip at all.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
welldone master

i am at work so no trades..so i wil try in few hours...i live Saudi Arabia

Also nice to see you have few indicators on your templates...so as to not to complicate though..

Always better to Plan your trade well ahead...and close it once it has reached money management is very important...

--- 帖子 #175 ---
If you have not read "Trading In The Zone", I highly recommend it. The author emphasizes the fact that, to trade successfully, it's necessary to have an "edge" that you trust. This is how casinos make money.

I use the ALF/TVI because I sincerely believe that it gives me the "edge" I need. I'm not a "natural" trader - in reality I'm risk-aversive and it has taken a lot of effort for me to get to the point where I can pull the trigger and place a trade. I'm sitting at 11 wins, 2 losses with this approach and my confidence in my "edge" is steadily growing.

I trade with real money, no demo-dreaming here, and my risk per trade is at a level which will be moderately painful if I lose (but not so painful that I will not be able to pay the mortgage). This approach works for me - may not work for all but I think it's grounded in reality.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
As has been said by many, 10 pips a day can make you a great deal of money...

--- 帖子 #177 ---
The ALF uploaded to post #1 is now correct (really).

Let me emphasize that if you are using the default value of 5 for the Median parameter (which I do), none of this confusion will have any impact on you...

Sorry for any confusion/inconvenience.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
I have seen severaal plans and they work only partially, when the market chages so does the plan, as i have said earlier trying to keeps things simple is , for me the way to go, i may have to wait for a trade, and not all trdes go for profit, but most do and like Lou when I Know i am right then I trade the amount comfortable for me, for most it would choke em out, but for now I just want to be able to learn to trade the 10 to 30 pips action, instead of the 100 to 200 pip action, that way I get a long term plan and a short term plan going. so far short term is eating my lunch, time heals all wounds and  I will keep hitting the wall until it breaks and the signal light goes off in my head.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Hi All, Though this may not be the right time to put a trade , i tried my 1st entry and this is my set up

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Looks reasonable to me - I hope it works for you.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Only concern though is that ALF is horizontal....not much of activity so could range imho..that can kill my trade...so next time i will try when the ALF too either sloping up or down  The trade is done on demo...

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Personally, I don't like to trade after the London market closes (16:00 GMT) because of the falloff in activity unless a strong trend is in progress.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
First of all, I want to thank Lou for putting this thread together!  I love the simplicity and cleanliness of the charts.  I have added a couple lines to my chart just for support and resistance.  I use the Fibonacci pivots because time and time again price respects these levels, and I have added the big numbers of 100 and 50.  This is my first trade using this system and I thought I would post it for review.  I waited for price to break previous support @ 1.3455 +- and entered at the white line.  Then I closed at the other white line @1.3423 for a profit of 31 pips because price was showing signs of stalling at support 2, and 20 pips is my daily goal.  I am very happy with this trade.  As I write this price has continued to go down and looks like it will test 1.3400, but I agree with Lou that we should all read "Trading in the Zone", which I am almost finished with, because I am alright with leaving some pips on the table...

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Below see my trade for today - a textbook example including an exit when TVI and PA meet. Net +28 pips.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
I waited until a bit later to enter but otherwise we were on the same page - nice work. I wish they could all be this obvious...

--- 帖子 #186 ---
I wish they were all this clear too!  Looks like you waited till after the news.  Smart man!  I was watching the GU also, and it was an ugly picture... Keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Hi Lou,

Congratulations on this clean and simple strategy. Will check and follow it and try to add some charts (trading only the early European hours) when I am sure enough to do so. Hope your thread will stay alive. Doubt it though, as there is not much to add. Very nice.

PBB

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Thanks - it works for me and hopefully for many others.

I deeply envy those who can trade the Frankfurt open on into the London open - best place to gain some significant pips.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I trade from 7-12h Brussels (gmt+2), sometimes a little longer, but I always stop before the US figures start to come out. Those early European hours are great and from where I live I luckily still have a long day for doing things that really matter.

Thanks for posting your strategy.

PBB

--- 帖子 #190 ---
You're welcome.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Hi there, nice and simple... but tvi 2color is not showing up on my metatrader chart.

any help?

BB

--- 帖子 #192 ---
You need TVI.mq4 in the yourmt4/experts/indicators folder.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Lou G

I wish to send you greetings for this so pure and so simple system. For last 3 years I checked so many, many systems based on almost everything. And my eyes are bored as hell with complicated, hard to pure analyse systems with 9-10 and more indicators  at once.

Conclusion - Holy Grail does not exist but ... we can use a fundamental rules of trading to improve our trading skills.

One system is good in trending market, one in flat trend. It is masterpiece ART to recognize the the market's behaviour, yes, I'll repeat this - ART, based on inside feelings and long experience.

This system looks interesting, so interesting that I'll join it to my own trading schemes. If I can help a bit - please try a small upgrade, very simple upgrade.

Please notice that UPTREND and DOWNTREND = TVI histogram above and below zero level.

Its only idea - nothing elese, I hope it can help just a bit

The RSI 9 with three lines at 30, 50 and 70. Below 30 is oversold (check to close short positions), above 70 overbought (check to close longs) and the 50 is a signal line - in uptrend signal to buy, in downtrend signal to sell.

Here is the picture - it's better than 1000 words

Best regards and Happy Easter,

Jarek

PS. Sorry for my english, it's not my primary language and I dont have to use it everyday (so I prefer reading than writing)

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Your English is fine, no problem.

Several people have mentioned the TVI/zero line - I've watched it and will continue to do so but I'm not ready to make it a rule yet. However, if it works for you, do it that way. There are very few firm rules in this approach and I think that's a good thing. Fewer rules and fewer indicators requires paying more attention to PA (which is the only indicator that really counts).

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Hello every one!

Happy Easter To you.

I decided to try this approach on 4h tf. I looked through many pairs and it seems to work fine. If anybody likes higher TF you are welcome to try.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
I will be trying this system on the 4hr charts too.  I have been studying them this week, and like what I see across the majors.  Just on the GU alone you could be up 300 pips from one signal at the end of last week!  Looks very promising!

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Hello close neighbour Soondoock

TF H4 sounds interesiting, but in fact it's too high time frame for me, I prefer M15 scalping for 10-15-20 pips, two-three signals a day beetween 8 am and 4 pm (Im trading forex during my primary work).

H4 means high TP and high SL and many signals starts at night (by GMT +1 time), it's a bit difficulty, also the signals are very rarely. But, as Lou G said, as it works for you - its ok

Im still impressed as Laguere Filter works as support/resistant area for price action. It's very valuable.

Успіх в торгівлі

Jarek

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Jarek, Thanks for you kind comments. Also I hope Lou G does not mind us to talk about variations of his system. Telling the truth I had successful experience using 15m approach but also I had bad trades. I trade usually at the beginning of the European session and Price moves from up to down reverse. So I often enter position according to the rules (sometimes with confirmation on 1H) and often price go against me candle closed opposite direction and according to the rules i close my position. But system looks good. I think I just need more skills to trade it. Anyway, Lou G, can you tell GMT time you usually trade?  Also Lou G, can you make a list or basic rules and optional, and i will compose them to pdf file so everyone can read and understand them.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #199 ---
I trade from about 12:00 GMT until 16:00 GMT. This period is the last 4 hours of the London market and the first 4 hours of New York. There is almost always a tradable (and profitable) move each day during this time period. Generally speaking, the first half of any of the three markets is the time most likely to be successful.

Rules (such as they are) are very simple - trade a direction change in the TVI filtered by ALF. If TVI is moving down and PA goes below ALF, sell. Reverse for long trades. TVI nearly always changes direction before PA crosses ALF so that gives time to give PA a long look and decide if the market is actually moving or only ranging. I like to see a clear, definitive break through ALF, even if it means I get to the trade late.

If ALF is horizontal and PA is cycling around ALF, it's not a good time to trade - wait for a real move to start.

The cross of the zero line by TVI may or may not be important - several posters have mentioned this but I think the jury is still out

As with any method, you need to put in some screen time to get the "feel" of what a good trade looks like.

Timeframes are up to you but, as I said in post #1, this approach is set up for M15 to H1, maybe M5 at a stretch. I have seen no convincing evidence that it's good for scalping or interday trading.

Exits are possible when ALF and PA meet after a move, or when TVI changes direction.

The attached chart shows both a good trade and a viable exit. There is room for an aggressive entry or a conservative one - these are pretty obvious. Exits at either the intersection of ALF/PA or the TVI direction change would have been good choices.

As you can see, the "rules" are more like guidelines - this is as it should be. I hope this helps...

--- 帖子 #200 ---
I'm still astounded by it too - perhaps the most useful indicator I've seen.

Most of the indicators we use for Forex were developed for Equity trading and are not suitable for Forex without a great deal of tinkering - John Ehlers is primarily oriented toward Futures trading and his indicators work well without a lot of adjustment.

Actually, it's possible to trade based only on ALF. I came very close to starting this thread with only one indicator but decided to add TVI for a little extra clarification.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
I deeply appreciate Soondoock's offer to create a PDF for the ALF/TVI trading rules. I feel that I have not been responsive enough to his request for rules and I've responded to many specific questions (RE: stoploss and other things) by talking about "feel" for the trade. Many less-experienced are probably saying "but what do I do if I have no feel..."?

The answer is, proceed carefully, don't overtrade, and the feel will come with time.

I seldom place more than one trade during my trading window and sometimes none at all. I use a fixed 20 pip stop. In the three weeks of this thread I've placed 14 trades with 12 wins and 2 losses. Only one of the losses went all the way to my stop - the other lost 14 pips. Average pips for the winning trades is probably around +15 to +20.

Some things about trading just can't be condensed down to fixed rules. I wish it was otherwise...

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Thanks for clarification Lou G,

Please check my comments on you pic. It that correct?
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Exactly - don't trade when ALF is flat and bisecting PA. If you entered at the open of the bar following the NFP news release and exited at the intersection of ALF/PA (or at the TVI direction change) you would have profited by 20+ pips - who could ask for more?

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Another example (from Thursday, 4/1/10).

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Nice,

I ve made a raw variant of PDF. Check it please. We can add anything to it. more pics will be good not only with good but also with bad trades.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Try this experiment in pattern recognition:

Open A M15 bar chart and compress so that you can see several days.

Add ALF

Notice the places where PA appears to "peel away" from ALF and ALF begins to follow PA. These are the spots to look for.

This experiment is actually how I first got the idea for ALF/TVI. Obviously, each and every one of these "peel away" spots does not result in large profits but many do.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
I wish to have ALF with two coloured line as moving average: green for ALF going up and red for ALF going down. This can be helpfull. Unfortunately, im not programmer and I cant improve the ALF's mql code

--- 帖子 #208 ---
chojnak,
Interesting thought there...
but what color would be best color for when the ALF is flat?
I'm not so sure a two color ALF would actually help as PA is the key to this setup.
Just a thought.
Cliff

--- 帖子 #209 ---
I've changed the recommendation for TVI settings from the default (12, 12, 5) to 8, 8, 5. Also added an update to post #1.

Slightly faster response with no bad side effects that I can see. Needless to say, if you are content with the default settings (or any other settings) continue to use what works for you.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Lou , I also tried the 12 12 5 TVI setting over the past week along with 8 8 5 and found much better results with the 8 8 5. I also realized I had much better results on a 30tf to h4 tf than any other. i may be wrong but i think during high news week (such as last week) the lower TF have too much noise in them. We will keep playing with it this week and see what happens.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Hello every one.

here is my 15 pips for today.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #212 ---
I was unable to trade this morning (circumstances beyond my control) but this is a good example of what could have been done.

Nice quick profit of 15-30 depending on your entry point. Good trading, my friend...

--- 帖子 #213 ---
SOONDOCK  I see you took the trade when TLV Histogram BAR going  up above the line . Do you consistently trade this way or regardless if the bar is green and below or above the line. I know LOU dont see it as important cause  you can still BUY  that way .

--- 帖子 #214 ---
If you wait for TVI to cross the zero line you will be giving up many pips (on some trades). Do some visual backtesting and you will see this is true.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Soondoock, that is a cool indicator you have that shows the alternate time frame.  What is it called so I can track it down?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Hey forex wolf.. I believe it from stratman and the THV thread...Here is a link to some neat mini charts from stratman

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=198729

Bluesteele

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Hi there,

yes it is Stratman's mini chart.

Concerning the zero line, I did it unintentionally (did not wait for cross). But I agree with Lou G, by the way I read the book by William Blau and about TVI. In his book he uses 32, 32, 5 settings and zero cross as a basic signal. But any way I was looking through the history and was amazed how this simple strategy can be different in performance. It is all about correct time period to use it. The period Lou G mentioned is very good. If you are not a piphunter and care about your account this is great choice. Also I apologize but it seems that starting of EU is not good time to trade but starting of Asia session is also perform good. Need to check it.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Concerning 4h TF. There were good sell signals to follow, but did not have access to pc so no trades done. Any way it seems that this trading approach can be traded any TF. Thanks Lou G.

Have a nice trading all.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hi Soondoock,

You mentioned that the start of EU time is not a good time to trade, can I ask what times you checked? I have been looking at EU from 6.00 untill 13.00(London) and that looks ok so far.

Thanks.

pbb

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Well may be that is my bad English.

I mean that during the beginning of EU session there is often "morning flat". ALF line is almost every day flat. So it takes long to wait for signal. That is my opinion and the way I see it. I found time proposed by Lou G is fine. 12:00GMT -16:00GMT
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Hi Soondoock, i thought Lou G mentioned the best time is 1st 4th hours (US Session) and last 4th hours (Europe Session)?

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Please read this post.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=200

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Nice Histogram you got there....   Please could you upload it ?

--- 帖子 #224 ---
It is from the first post. I think he just changed the colours

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Hi Lou,

This is fantastic tool.

Could you upload your template file that show bith TVI indicator and TVI Histo superimposed. It looks good. Can you tell me how to do it?

Regards,

Anjani Singh

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Lou G,

Can you please explain this statement?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Hello,

My settings on TimeFrame M15 is as given below:

ALF settings:

LockBack = 20

Median = 5

PriceType = 4

TVI settings:

r=8

s=8

u=5

Is above setting correct or do i need to change some values?

Regards,

Anjani Singh

--- 帖子 #228 ---
My trade for today (so far)

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Several traders pointed out that the downward (or upward) slope of ALF is  a bit too long to wait to enter - a definitive move through ALF by PA (see the trade for today) is more important. Therefore, I'm deprecating the slope of ALF as an entry requirement. We live and learn...

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Yes, correct.

RE: your question about TVI window - use Navigator to drag TVI_2color into the same window as TVI_histo (or vice-versa) - no template required.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Hello,

Lou G, you stole my trade (joking).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Thanks Lou.

I was not aware that I can superimpose just by using the navigator. Another learning. Thanks a bunch.

I have one suggestion:

Can you create one your video of your trading station how you do the trading? This would be fantastic learning for everyone especially the newbies.

Regards,

Anjani Singh

--- 帖子 #233 ---
just now went long GBPUSD when i saw the slope going up and the TVI got a small green bar... but quickly stop loss...

anyway to prevent that?

--- 帖子 #234 ---
I had a lot of losers with flat one. The only way for me then to look at M5 for earlier confirmation

--- 帖子 #235 ---
I posted on this subject a while back (for the less-experienced - others already know).

I trade 12:00-16:00 GMT because that's early morning for me (7am  CST) and covers the overlap of London/NewYork). I would prefer to trade London alone but it does not fit with the rest of my life

I do look at the Asian open each day (6pm for me) and will trade then if there is activity.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Nope. As they say in Contract Bridge, "you have to lose your losers".

I don't follow GU - what TF are you trading? Post a chart.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Closed out at 1.3367 - +26 pips.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Hi Lou,

How do you apply the stop loss? Do you use trailing stop loss?

Any insight would be good.

Regards,

Anjani Singh

--- 帖子 #239 ---
what pairs u using? i only look at EU and GU..

Attached is the GU chart. i go long when is around 1215 becos the slope is going up.. but who knows it went down after that...

--- 帖子 #240 ---
20 pip stop. Near ALF is also good depending on the distance between ALF/PA. Longer TF may require larger stop - use your judgement.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Thanks a lot. This has helped me and made me some more wise. I will apply this in upcoming trade oppertunity.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
When PA moves definitively through ALF the slope will not begin immediately - I jump into these and don't wait for slope. If the move is more gradual it's better to wait for slope change.

I hate to keep using the phrase "develop a feel" but if you put in the screen time (either live or careful visual backtest) you will get it. Basic pattern recognition is the key.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Is it possible to create EA out of this? Have you attempted to do so?

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Yes, exactly - all should have seen this. Pattern recognition, screen time, don't overtrade, cultivate patience to wait for the market to move.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
In my early years in Forex I wrote probably 50 or more EAs - the "feel" I keep mentioning can't be programmed (or at least not by me)

--- 帖子 #246 ---
ya, i tink looking back to M5 for confirmation do help

--- 帖子 #247 ---
I've had 13 wins, 2 losses since the inception of this thread (all charts posted here) and others have also posted successful trades.

I don't expect to continue at an 87% hit rate forever (but it's been fun). Take the time to look at the posted charts and see what they have in common.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
I won't take this (at least not yet). I think it's a retracement - but I could be wrong.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
I think Mr. Blau is primarily an equities trader (or a position trader) but I like his indicators - they need to be fiddled with for use in shorter TFs.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Here is what I see. The TVI was red, so no buy.

Also I tried GU but it seems that this strategy works best with EU.

Lou G, sorry If I bothering in your thread.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #251 ---
You're not bothering anyone. I believe there are some here who trade GU successfully so that's not the problem - I don't see a "definitive move" of PA through ALF in your chart so probably not a good time to trade in either direction...

--- 帖子 #252 ---
i enter the one candle before that and TVI was showing green and hence i thought can be a good buy...

so all of you used it on EU only?

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Look back about 20 bars - there was a "definitive move" down through ALF that looks like it was good for a decent profit. That's the pattern to look for.

I did some visual backtesting on GU and EY over last weekend - looks good on those as well. WAIT for a good signal...

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Still could be a retracement on a longer TF but a flat ALF is bisecting PA so no trade.

Also, coming to London close soon - I personally won't trade after that unless a good trend is in progress. That is not the case at this time but I will watch for another hour (screen time!).

--- 帖子 #255 ---
now is still quite flat..

dont know would there be any movement after FOMC meeting...

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Those of you who are uncertain about the whole "feel" and pattern recognition component should try this...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=207

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Some may fear entering after that "definitive move" - see the example below. This is not a trade I took but a good example. Had you sold at the point indicated, PA never went more than 10 pips against you and resulted in a very good profit.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
is this a good buy for GU?

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Why!........Its the sacred "Price Action" of course!

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Yes - you read my mind. I just logged on to ask if anyone had caught it and, if so, to post their chart   Good for 20-30 pips so far.

Hey, how do you attach a thumbnail? I've been posting charts as attachments...

--- 帖子 #261 ---
just save ur attachment as gif or jpg and click on attachment and upload from file...

Mine still have not close trade yet, when long at 1.5228

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Thanks, I'll try it - looks better than the way I've been doing it. Keep a close eye on that trade...

--- 帖子 #263 ---
I hope all you Cable traders saw this...

--- 帖子 #264 ---
But ALF was still flat at the entry point ?

--- 帖子 #265 ---
My chart still didn't show as a thumbnail - I'll have to play with it some more....

Maybe another minor glitch due to the fact that I run MT4 under Linux/Wine - there are a few small problems from time to time.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
oh.. no wonder.. linux might have some problem with it..

i keeping a close eye on GU

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Yeah, I know. It appears that the original rule needs some discretion (pointed out to me by several traders)...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=243

Does this make sense?

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Got it.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
If it's any help, the subsequent bar (which would be an even better entry point) does show a 1 pip increase in ALF - may need to use Data Window to see it though. Or, the bar after that shows a clearly rising ALF and an entry there (at 1.5206) made a good trade.

I don't mean to waffle on the rules (or guidelines, if you will). I watched this thing like a hawk for many weeks during its development but evidently not enough to see every nuance. Bear with me - modifications to the original guidelines as outlined in post #1 have been very few and not drastic in nature...

I also tried to address this very early in the thread:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...2&postcount=24

Jeez, creating rules that work is 'way harder than trading

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Hi Lou,Based on PA, i took short position for EU @ 1.3364 20:32GMT. Is it ok or did i do the mistake?Let me know.Regards,Anjani

--- 帖子 #271 ---
I think your broker's server is not on GMT - it's 18:05 GMT now so the server is probably GMT+2.

That said, I would not trade between 16:00 and midnight GMT unless a very clear trend is in place (which it is not). I don't see a definitive move through ALF either so your trade may not do what you want.

The time you choose to trade is as important as any other factor. The first 4 hours of any of the three trading sessions is almost always the best time for that session.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Hi Lou,

Sorry i goofed up with the time it is gmt+2 hours.

I am going to cut the loss. My bad sense for going for this trade.

Regards,

Anjani

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Just got TP for my GU but only 10 pips. Long at 1.5229... should have let it run.. haha

By the way, i think is about time to go long for EU.. what you all think?

--- 帖子 #274 ---
If you don't want the 10 pips ...

I think I'll wait about 3 hours and see what EU does on Asian market.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
MT4 should allow the user to set the chart time - it would save lots of confusion.

Wait for PA to move away from ALF and TVI to move in the same direction - when ALF and TVI are both flat it's a good time to wait.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Hello again,

Just check the picture.

Interesting, isn't it ?

Best regards, J.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Hello ChojnaK

Very nice, could you post your indics and template please ?

Thx

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Yes. I also notice you're using a semafore alert indicator.  I use it all the time too.  How's your trading doing with this setup?

Cheers,

Ed

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Gopsat,

You can do it yourself, it's pretty easy.

LWMA 55 red, LWMA 21 green, LWMA 144 orange, Laguerre Filter, two TVI, one with 32,32,5 settings and zero line (as original TVI for general trend filter and confirmation), TVI histogram with 8,8,5 as a trigger. And trend line.

That's all.

Enewbold,

Semafor is good tool but only when used in main trend and the price action with semafor's alert.

Regards, J.

PS. Please, do not focus on my MT4 screen, my templates etc. Focus on original Lou G system

My screeshots are posted only as "idea".

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Up to now I have not been posting my losing trades but here's one from this morning. Short EU at 1.3339 12:15 GMT. An unsuccessful attempt to ambush a downtrend... -12 pips.

Exited due to TVI reversal and upward break of ALF.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
+52 pips, two shorts. In fact I missed one signal for long in early morning GMT+2 (about 10-15 pips to win).

Im using ALF as support/resistance for price action, it's a very good indicator for this.

J.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Good trading, J.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Lou G, thanks.

Unfortunatelly Im a 'roller coster trader', I earn many pips when I have a good day and lose too much when my mind goes away.

I wish some day I'll handle with it, just some day...

Keep working Lou G, it's a good system

J.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hi Lou

Thanks for your valuable contribution, generousity, and help. I consider this system a great addition for newbies like me.. I hve just notied a perfect setup on AUD-USD on 15M. What do you think Lou.

Kind Regards ForexZak

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Hi there,

Yes AUDUSD had a good setup. But i would take it after the second bar closed above ALF, as a confirmation of good signal was a cross of zero line by TVI.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #286 ---
You're welcome. I don't follow AU so I don't have a chart handy but good luck...

Post a chart so we can see your trade.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Hello Lou G,

I would like to find out is it possible to add signal (alert) to TVI to have alert on zero cross and to ALF for Price cross?

Best Regards

--- 帖子 #288 ---
There is already an alert on TVI when color changes - I'm still not quite ready to give the zero cross the emphasis some feel it deserves, only because I have seen so many setups where that would have been a "way too late" place to trade.

Also not sure about an alert for ALF due to the potential for a signal almost every bar when PA is in a tight range.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
I was asking because I am not a full time trader and work in office and have to do other stuff also. So this is just for the "pay attention" purposes.

Any way I hope you would not mind if I ask coders to do it ?

--- 帖子 #290 ---
No problem.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Support around 1.3340, resistance at 1.3360. EU seems to be in a fairly tight range. I may hang it up for today.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Same view Lou G,

I made only 1 trade today was greedy and as a result closed at BE.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
HI Lou, i'm the new recruit from far east. Find your system simple to follow. As i had just finnish reading this tread, shall be putting in some screen time to check this out. Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
what do you guys think of long EU and GU now?

see attach

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Heavy resitance short term at 1.3372-1.3380 on the EU...flat look to the TVI as well...

--- 帖子 #296 ---
This may also help...

Central banks buying EUR dips

Not all the central banks have forsaken the struggling EUR/USD. An Asian regional CB has been rumored buying on the latest dip into the 1.3340s and traders see Chinese bids in the 1.3320/25 area. We could be headed that way again, now at 1.3337.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Hit TP 10 pips for GU... waiting for EU now...

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Both EU and GU hit TP for 10 pips each.. thanks

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Lou, been wanting to thank you again, since I'm getting more and more proficient with your method.  I've added volume to the  bottom of the chart that really helps--if i could have had an alert based off of it i may have been able to catch the nice move in the Asian Tues first thing.  You know, I think there might be something about price action that is not clear to many of us.  Don't many of us think of price action as where price has been on the chart when isn't pa really price 'behavior'?  When it starts jumping around and pulling away from alf 'convincingly' as you say,   It makes sense when you refer to 'screen time' being so beneficial, it just doesn't show itself in backtesting---except I remember a vhands deal that would backtest on the expert advisor that you could speed up and slow down that was pretty neat.   Something I've wondered about--do you think that TVI is somehow giving us a peek at some (unseen) forex order book?   I was trying to figure out how this order book thing might work when

you started this thread .  Generally speaking I'm not that concerned with the underlying characteristics of tools--but what struck me initially about your thread is your excellent grasp of what's really going on here--it really seems to really help an individual successfully trade it.  Well, sorry to ramble--been wanting to hear your thoughts of this for a while and to thank you again.  I just need a way to get the trade of a liftetime every week or so -- ok, we can settle for monthly.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Hi Lou Very good simple system  accurate with nil waffle.I use it  as advised on the 5 min charts using GBPUSD GBPJPY and EURJPY gmt 7am to 2pm. And gettin good results. I have just added a Fisher Yurik histogram set at 15 for my exits, will exit when crossover off 0 line takes place not before. Keeps you in the trend. Cheers Happydave

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Hello Traders,

Here is my morning trades, may be a bit risky but both closed +20 pips.

EU trade made when TVI crossed zero line under ALF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EJ the same as EU trade. Also had nice setup on GU but price moved to fast so skipped it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Hi Lou,

Thanks for sharing this simple system but great, Iam a new membre but i follow this system for a while. About TVI we have to wait for the changing in color for validation or also above/below 0 level ?

best regards

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Took +10 between 12:45 - 13:00 GMT and bailed out - very indecisive market so far.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
There seems to be some disagreement about that - I usually trade at color change if PA moves well through ALF. Others seem to want to wait for break of zero line.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Kind of Wild

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Another + 10

--- 帖子 #307 ---
The chart below shows why I am hesitant to base trades on the TVI zero line. Entry at the arrow was good for +20-25 pips before the zero line cross. This happens often.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Final result +25

I'm embarrassed that I did not hold out for the 25 pips - I bailed out at +11 as shown on post #308.

Still, 2 winners and +20 for the day is a decent result. I hope some of you were with me and did better than I...

London close coming up - I'm done for the day.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
I am with you Lou!  I got my 20 on the EU, and 2 trades for 20 each on the GU.  Very happy with 60 for the day!

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Excellent - just goes to show that what I said in a post a while back is true. A lot of you people are much better traders than I. But, I'm getting there...

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Those with successful trades - please take a minute to post your charts. I get the feeling that some of the less-experienced are thinking that this approach is too simple to work effectively - they need to be disabused of that notion...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Certainly Lou!

I think the markings are pretty self explanatory, but anyone with questions please feel free to ask away.  The yellow lines are where I entered and exited.

FYI, I have been trading for just over a year so I am a newbie, but I just finished reading "Trading in the Zone" by Mark Douglas, and recommend that anyone aspiring to be a professional trader read it many many times!

I have bounced around so many different "systems", and feel like I have found something that is straight forward and "easy" to trade.  I feel like I have found my "edge" in the market.

Thanks again Lou!!!

Tim

--- 帖子 #313 ---
You're welcome, Tim - and thanks for posting.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Hi Tim,

Thanks for posting the charts. Do you do any confirmation with H1 chart before taking trades? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
The last 2 were sized down 1/2 so I was still happy with the total.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Sorry, this is more correct---somehow those 1st 2 trades I thought there was more volume.

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Hello Yesbee1,

I look at the H1 and H4 charts to see the overall trend, and the only effect that might have on my trade is weather I go for 10-15 pips (counter trend) or 20-30 pips (with the trend).

In general when I see price close above or below ALF, and there are no big numbers or strong S&R I will enter the trade.  Something else I have noticed that happens quite frequently is price will breakout of the ALF, then pullback and touch the ALF then take off in the direction of the original breakout.  This can be a strong indicator.  It happened today which is when I entered (3 bars after the green horizontal line on the EU).  This however is a bit more technical so I don't mean to confuse anyone.

As you can see from the pics I also have some arrows on there.  They signify a 5,8 EMA cross.  Just something I am experimenting with...

FYI...  I live in California and only trade from 6:30am - 9:30am my time.  I can almost always find a favorable trade setup during that time.

Thanks for the question, I'll try to be less wordy next time...

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Hi Tim

Thank you for the info. Thanks to Lou for sharing such a simple and effective system.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Hi, forexwolf. I am a newbie here. would you mind to share your colour changing histogram ?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
I've been working out how to deal with the TVI showing trade setups when changing color and direction but having not actually crossed the zero line.
My solution has been to combine the TVI at two settings. 8_8_5 and 5_5_5.
The charts attached should be self explanatory but feel free to ask for clarification. You can see that this setup applies to most TF's with proper MM/RR. This setup can be applied to any pair.
Rules for conservative trade entry are as stated by Lou.
Rules for aggressive trade entry are very well described by Forexwolf. (I look at the H1 and H4 charts to see the overall trend, and the only effect that might have on my trade is weather I go for 10-15 pips (counter trend) or 20-30 pips (with the trend).
In general when I see price close above or below ALF, and there are no big numbers or strong S&R I will enter the trade. Something else I have noticed that happens quite frequently is price will breakout of the ALF, then pullback and touch the ALF then take off in the direction of the original breakout. This can be a strong indicator.)
Using the two different TVI settings together helps to identify the pull back and limit risk at entry if PA does go against your position.
When the TVI's seperate can help identify a pull back and then continuation.
On another note, I have also been applying divergence studies/setups using the TVI. Seems to be dead on when at extremes of Over Bought/Over Sold.
Hope some of this will help with trades for all.
Thanks again, Lou, for bringing these two indicators to our attention.
Cliff

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Trade for today. Stopped out at BE. Was good for 17 pips but I thought I'd let it run to 20. It didn't. Never mind. More to come..

Nice and simple strategy.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Shorted immediately when I booted up and saw this. Not much selling pressure so I bailed at +15.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Not sure what you mean by an order book - TVI is simply a triple-smoothed ema (like TRIX) of the relationship between upticks/downticks over a period of time - can get you in fairly early in a trade. Can also whipsaw you very easily which is why there is ALF - to filter the TVI signals and (hopefully) tell when it's a good time to trade.

I like seeing all of you trying to find ways to improve on this - my feeling is, anything within reason if it helps you pull the trigger and does not over-complicate the simplicity of the basic approach.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Hello Cliff,

That is a good Idea to use two different TVI's.  I set mine at 12, 12, 5 and the second one at 24, 24. 5.  It seems to provide even better filtering with Alf on M5.  I enter a long when PA is above ALf and all the colors are green.  For short, I do the reverse.

I will post some results whne I get a chance.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Hello there!

For opening of trade I use this indicator.

(The comment to indicator indications.

On the indicator: dark blue columns UPWARDS - a trend ascending, DOWNWARDS - a trend descending. A green line - the recommendation on opening or closing of items: UPWARDS - it is opened BUY, DOWNWARDS - it is opened SELL. Transition of a green line to zero level - we close a position. A red line (the last 4 bars) - recommended level of StopLossa, numerically this significance in the left top corner the first significance. http://codebase.mql4.com/ru/6138)

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Curently in EU trade on 15 m TF...Played first entry looking for break of OB/IB setup off Bearish engulfing candle at 35 Mid Number area...market moved up unexpectedly on Greece getting their bail out...so emproved Euro's outlook...took next two trades at 80 Big Number area...also continued PA/TVI Bearish divergence...

Will update as trades progress...may do adjusted take profit as this is very near London close on Friday...Euro near future an unknown...Gold on the move up weakening the USD...

Cliff

--- 帖子 #327 ---
The price has jumped aside from pivot level. The indicator has shown - to close

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Hello Hero,

I'm not sure how to upload the indicator with those setting, so I uploaded a template file.  I will also include if anyone is interested the Fib pivots indi, and sweet spots indi (this marks the big numbers for me).

Tim

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Hello Cliff,

Thank you for pointing out the divergence on TVI!  That is a great thing to keep an eye on!  Can be very powerful!

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Hi! Does someone know something about autoclicks in trading? it's about requotes, please let me know, thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Thanks forexwolf. you are very generous. hopefully will catch more green pips. thanks again and god bless.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Hi, Lou G.

When I try to down load your indicators and templet all I can copy is the short cut and not the files. what I'm I doing wrong.

Thanks

Rich

--- 帖子 #333 ---
You are very welcome Hero!!!  Let's go get em'!

--- 帖子 #334 ---
That's a bug in Internet Explorer - use the paperclip icon in the top right corner of each page and download from there - or use Firefox...

--- 帖子 #335 ---
hi forexwolf,

i download ur indicators and template..so what is ur entry like? where is the sweetspot indicator (is loaded) and how come your TVI histogram color is different when is below 0? there are two colors below 0, what does that mean? thanks

--- 帖子 #336 ---
hi everyone. not clear exactly when to enter. must wait ALF curved? Thanks to all in advance

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Here is a short I took london open today...entered at pullback to EMA 6(red line) exit at TP@20 pips.

I've found that waiting for price to pullback to 6 is a proving to be a good entry. Can be easily seen in backtesting.

Cheers Lou..you've got a good one here mate

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Excellant entry...Glad that you've posted your setup to entry for those trying to grasp this super method...

I'm in CST and took several short trades on the huge gap open in the EU and GU...still in them...GU came within 3 pips of giving me a quick 50 pips before turning back up...

Good trades to all

Cliff

--- 帖子 #339 ---
bro, u there? i now using Lou G indicators cos urs i dun know how to use... sweetspot, and the histogram.. pls advice..

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Nice work - wish I could trade London but it doesn't fit with the rest of my life.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Just a Gap trade I took at 4pm CST (Minnesota) at Sunday open...just waiting for gap to close or close to it and then take profit ...should be able to sqeese about 100 pips or so out of the move...if it doesn't close today I'll just let it ride untill it does...

I've got proper MM/RR in place to protect myself from me...

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Good entry points in the highlighted areas - either decisive move through alf OR slope change with tvi confirmation is reason to enter.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Hi Folks

Please see one of the trade 2day.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
When NOT to trade looks like this:

--- 帖子 #345 ---
I have read few pages of this thread ... I don't understand how the indicators work ...

When I saw ALF ... and its relation with PA, for me it's almost equal to how I see MA. when PA above ALF, bull ... when PA below ALF .. bear ....

I know I'm missing much and probably some people still confused because there's no clear explanation on how to trade this method.

Really appreciate for any help from anyone

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Take this long:

--- 帖子 #347 ---
I chose to take the +20 due to Monday (usually a slow day). Others who are more courageous are still in this trade...

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Sure there is - many have posted winning trades. I just did so; +20 pips is a good day (for a Monday).

1. - PA moves through ALF confirmed by TVI (or TVI changes direction eventually confirmed by PA crossing through ALF).

2. - Study winning trades until their characteristics settle into your brain (pattern recognition and screen time).

3. - stay alert once in the trade - no one can predict how far a move will go.

Hope this helps...

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Taking the +20 was a prudent move here...very thready low volume in the market this Monday...

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Izzy Pizzy...like Lou says...

--- 帖子 #351 ---
And can always re-enter later if things develop that way...

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Hello Everyone,

We can see new people find this thread read it and trying. That is great. There may be some confusing points. Some people trade basic rules others add there own indicators and modify system.

But I want to warn you all, that any system needs to be tested and understood for 150%. Concerning trading time. If you will follow rules and trade only London and NY sessions, I mean if you will follow all the signals, you will have more losers. It this case you should care about your R:R.

This is my own opinion. Overall the system is promising.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
A move through resistance (1.3515 or so) and upward moves by ALF/TVI needed before I would consider re-entry.

Soondoock is correct - it's not something that can be traded mechanically. I actually wonder if there is anything that can be.

RR is always on my mind - I use a 20 pip stop and am looking for +15 to 20 (or more) with a good win percentage. I was successful on 16 of last 20 trades, which is just fine...

--- 帖子 #354 ---
A method with mechanical rules that can be traded profitably would be, in effect, an EA or trading robot.

I won't go so far as to say that this is not possible - only that I have not yet seen one. I've been here on FF for quite a while and seen EAs come and go without ever reaching long-term consistency. The computer between your ears is still the best one.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
The blue line is the entry point of my last trade (posted earlier). Red line is the stop - let's see what happens to those who stayed in the trade rather than exit at +20...

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Okay - as you can see, a chance for +20, a second chance for +15 and plenty of time to save the trade with +10 before the end.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Hi Lou:

Do you use trailing stop loss? If yes can you point me to some script that does just trailing stop loss. When profit has jumped to 15pips then trailing to begin at 9 pips and every 5pip change upwards, the trailing stop change by 2 pips.

The intial SL = 20 pips.

Regards,

Anjani Singh

--- 帖子 #358 ---
hit my SL of 20 pips when long EU... sigh

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Let's see a chart of the trade...maybe someone can help for future...

When did you enter long?

Cliff

--- 帖子 #360 ---
No, I don't - just keep a close eye on my trades. I've seen trailing stop EAs here on FF - look around a little bit, maybe in the Programming Discussion Forum?

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Yes, absolutely - post your chart with an arrow showing where you took the trade and someone will help you...

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Decent Trade Manager is Update Stops.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Here's my previous trade with some imaginary trend lines. Note the higher lows (green TL) preceding upward break through ALF supporting entry at the up arrow. Worst case should be close the trade at the X (+10 pips) after seeing the lower high (red TL).

--- 帖子 #364 ---
This may help some identify entry points and exits...

Keep in mind that even good entries can turn on you...

Which means you don't have to wait for your SL to be hit

if you see an opposite trade taking over PA...

As Lou stated on the first page of this thread:
1. The slope of ALF is not as important as I originally thought - the relationship between ALF and PA is critical.

I'm using the TVI for the moment as a mini fan to see if it helps with identifying an entry as well.

Questions???  Feel free to ask, but I think the chart pretty much explains it.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #365 ---
I have all kinds of guppy charts, so i like your fan and put it on a chart. When they line up in order with a gap between, it could id a bigger move.  Worth investigating

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Good eye Goldsufer...

What I'm looking at is the relation of widening gap in TVI lines, their relation to zero line and the PA setup with ALF entry rules...

Also, added TVI 3,3,5 to the mix...

So far looks very good...

Cliff

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Hello KPForex,

Sorry for the delay, but it was a big party weekend at the ski resort where I worked this winter!  Still recovering...

If you look back on pages 21, 22 I explain what I look for to enter the market.  Please review that and let me know if you have any questions regarding those posts.

I use the sweet spots indi to mark the 100 and 50 areas of price.  Just good big numbers to keep and eye on as price will react around these numbers.  The histogram coloration has to do with the "strength" of the TVI signal.  I use it more for a visualization of when the zero line has been crossed. I just like how it looks....

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Yeah, that was a great idea, i shoulda thought of it!

initial glance does look interesting, be watching with you.

cheers

--- 帖子 #369 ---
That's really interesting, Cliff - keep us posted.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hi, please see attached... i draw a white line.. this is where i enter trade..

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Hi Cliff,

Please show me, if is possible, how can I put in the same chart 3 different TVI.Thanks in advance,

Folio

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Kp...entry would be on the next bar to the right of the one you have marked when it breaks the low of the Outside Bar to the left of the bar you have marked.  This is the traditional entry and SL is then Outside Bar's high pulse spread.

This is aggressive entry and more likely to fail if market is not active or the trade is against the trend.

Hope that helps out.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Folio... simply place one TVI on top of another into the same TVI window...drag and drop as it were...colors flavored to your taste...

I am only experimenting with this...finding success with just two TVI settings at 5,5,5 and 8,8,5 as well...

--- 帖子 #374 ---
News trading now - resistance around 1.3600 (EU). I'm waiting...

--- 帖子 #375 ---
TVI and ALF are flat as a stick on M30 and H1. Damn it.. market is not moving on even big news these days..strange!

--- 帖子 #376 ---
In retrospect, that could have been a good trade (M15, 12:45gmt) for 20-30 pips but I didn't take it - kudos to any who did...

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Rough seas, Cap'n.

Who's old benjamin and why was he right?

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Old Benjamin, the donkey is the eternal cynic in "Animal Farm" by George Orwell.

Just took +20 (EU, 13:45gmt) and glad to get it - very rough seas indeed...

--- 帖子 #379 ---
A few posts ago I mentioned my results from the first 20 trades placed using this method. Why 20 trades?

I'm using a technique suggested by Michael Douglas - keeping track of my results by trading in 20 trade sample cycles. Mr. Douglas explains in detail why this an important thing to practice. I won't bore everyone by repeating it all here - suffice it to say that I think it helps a great deal.

1st cycle - 16 wins, 4 losses.

2nd cycle - 2 wins, 0 losses (so far).

Not boasting, trying to be encouraging. If an admitted poor trader (as I've confessed to repeatedly) can do this, anyone can

--- 帖子 #380 ---
I'm not satisfied with my trading today - the chart below shows what was possible. I talked myself out of the first long (+20) and bailed out on the second (+20) when I could have gained twice that by simple following my own guidelines.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Hi cce,

Thanks for answer but to me doesn't work

folio

--- 帖子 #382 ---
LouG thanks for the system and all your trade examples thus far, hope you keep the good work up on this thread.. As for this trade, It has been said on this forum many time b4, better to be out of a trade wishing you were in, than been in a trade and wishing you were out...

Rebel

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Thanks for the encouragement - I will persevere and, hopefully, encourage others. I feel strongly that ALF/TVI (the method) is much better than my ability to trade it - and that's a good thing

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Sorry I did not reply sooner - busy morning. Looks like you entered a bit late - watch for TVI to change color and then as soon as PA crosses ALF, that's when you should look to enter.

No need to hang on until your stop is hit - as soon as trade turns against you (often TVI changes) bail out and live to fight another day.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Hi Lou G:

All this time I thought you were referring to Benjamin Graham.

Your system looks good, very clean. Much nicer than what I've been working with. I set it up with the TVI w audible alert and the worktime indicator. Going to try it in the London session (1am here) and watch EURUSD 5m,15m,1hr charts.

Take care,

John

--- 帖子 #386 ---
why has it gone so quiet in here? anyone????

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Hi Lou,

Thought we are not supposed to trade when there is divergence betwee the two indi's?

Rgds

Eddie

--- 帖子 #388 ---
The best setups I like is when ALF is flat and TVI gives great slope..there was no doubt in my mind about this one. As usual entry at pullback to 6 EMA and exit at 20 pips.

Also I think TP@2*ATR(20) is a good one to take since ALF also uses 20 periods in its calculation. Again each one at its own discretion.

Lets c what US session has on offer.

Cheers

Punter

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Hi:

I guess I was a bit premature in my entry. Saw it poking below the ALF on the 15min and the 1hr TVI was switching back and forth so I jumped in. I set a 20 tp so I ended up capturing almost the entire initial move.

This is my first session trading this system. Not sure if having 5min chart open is more of a distraction than a help right now.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
That's the ticket.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Slope of ALF has been deprecated - when PA (the third and most important indicator) breaks ALF, time to act.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
News in 30 minutes, sit tight...

I don't trade during news - too many negatives (high spreads, requotes galore, etc.).

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Very nice - good analysis and result...

--- 帖子 #394 ---
hi,

i clicked on the template link on post 1, i save it in the template folder, however when i restart metatrader the template is not in the list. can anyone help.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Tried long at the arrow, PA not cooperating, exit with small loss...

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Did you also download all indicators? If you're using IE, try downloading from the paperclip icon in the upper right corner of each page...

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Bernanke is about to talk in about 20 min...I'll wait till he stops talking!

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Yes - EU range-bound since the NY open 1.3600-1.3640 or so. Good time to wait...

--- 帖子 #399 ---
On Sunday evening I usually look ahead on FF to see the news for the coming week and make some notes on the calendar - I had today marked as a questionable day for trading (at least for what I do).

I'm hanging it up for the day - a small loss earlier and so it goes...

--- 帖子 #400 ---
There are two template directories in MT4. The correct one is like ./MetaTrader4/templates

It should contain some .htm files as well as .tpl files

The other (incorrect) directory is like ./MetaTrader4/experts/templates

and contains .mqt files

On a side note, you should not have to restart MT4 to see a newly added template.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #401 ---
I'll be away from trading 4/15 and 4/16. Please post questions/comments here and I will be back to respond to them on 4/19.

Good trading to all,

Lou G

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Great observation...playing off the pull  back helps minimise risk as well...

Thanks for the setup...

Cliff

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Had a second winning day with the ALF TVI system. Thanks Lou!

Entered based on the 5min, then stayed in based on the 15 and 1hr.

I completely missed out on the 100 pip drop at the start of the London session, but I'm happy with my 20 pips. 20 pips and proper money management are my daily goals.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Looks like you traded straight into some high impact news. I'd be very careful trading news time. It can eat up SL's in blink of an eye!

--- 帖子 #405 ---
I'm a few days new to FX and am now trading on a micro account.  So far, this system is the simplest to understand for a newb like me, and the most effective!  How do I rate a system?  I wanna give this a full 5 stars!  Thanks Lou!!!

Nothing beats training yourself up with real money!  Bad thing about small trade sizes is, when you lose, you lose big, you win, you win peanuts...

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Hi Punter:

I was planning to get out before the news - it seems like there's often a small push in the wrong direction right before a release. I assume it's because volume shrinks and speculating can push price more easily? Didn't seem to happen today, maybe because there were more news events scheduled after the first one? So I ended up staying in. Probably not my smartest move. I was still a little miffed that I'd missed out on the earlier 100 pip move.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
I am not the one who pays too much attention to news and best avoid news times. There were enough hints dropped today : mixed news today for USD, one -ve, other +ve then -ve. Its quite clear the market was not able to make a move for quite a long time. What do I do..happily sit on my hands and listen to music.

Can you tell when a 100 pip move is going to be on this pair next week?

No one knows the where price is going to the pip. Make a plan, trade it..its that simple! It will help you sleep better.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Just curious as to what time frames other traders are watching and what seems to be working best as people are able to forward test.

Are most people watching multiple time frames or do you find it works better to just watch one?

I ended up entering on the 5min, then staying in because the 15m and 1hr looked good when the 5min got iffy.

I haven't tried entering on pullbacks yet, but I see some posts suggesting keeping an eye on the 6ema that sound promising.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
I thought Renko might go well with this... have you been using AFL-TVI with Renko with success? And can you post your Renko MT4 indicator?

cheers

f451

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Lou why didn't you enter at the first down candle crossing ALF when the TVI was red? That would have netted you the pips...

--- 帖子 #411 ---
I only come across this thread and system a week ago and have spent a lot of time reading previous posts and studying the system on the charts.

I think it is one of the simplest and best I have come across as long as you are patient and disciplined.

I have found the 15 minute charts the most reliable athough you could scalp the 5 minute charts with success, but with more losses due to whipsawing.

The only modification I have to the standard setup (read it in an earlier post) is to add a 24:24:5 TVI into the same window as the other TVI with different colours.

If you can stand a little drawdown on potential profit let the trade run until you get a change of colour of the 24:24:5. Maybe best to take 50% off the table at a set TP and let the second run.

Congratulations on an excellent system and thread.

gregb

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Hi Lou,

I know you said that the TVI does not repaint - IT DOES. I just watched the 15 min 4.00 bar on Alpari uk turn green so I got out of my trade, the next bar was green and closed above the alf - the very next bar went quickly down 33 pips and closed below the alf, on closing the TVI went all red again back the last two bars, as if green had never happened. No way you can back check this method now

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Forgot to mention this was on cable

--- 帖子 #414 ---
I am confused now - i decided to put the TVI histogram on the chart as well as the TVI 2color that I normally use. So I downloaded it added it to my folder and rebooted Alpari - Guess what, the green lines are now there under the bars.

just going to have to keep my eye on it from now on

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Hey pippindog,

I concentrate only on the M15 chart for the actual trade, but I do have a H1 chart open just to see what the short term trend is because that will sometimes effect my TP.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Ok - just to make sure I was not going mad I have just watched it on a minute chart - It does repaint badly

Any one else noticed this.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Hopefully most everyone else is showing more discipline than I have today.

Had I simply followed the trading rules as Lou laid them out, I could have made my 20 pips goal in the first trade and been done early. Instead I got too clever, was watching three different time frames and two different methods. I second guessed myself out of profits and have no idea what I was thinking to rack up a -29 pip loss in there. Up all night, tired, +3 pips for the day. (first trade for +5 pips got cut off pic)

I usually mark my trades as I go so I can see if I'm screwing up, but I didn't do that today and it shows.

My point I guess is that we could have the best system in the world, but if we fail to follow it, we end up with results like this, or worse.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Hi Puntalara:

I think what you might be seeing is the end segment of the indicator change color as the current price value changes - just as the candle will change with current price but then be locked in once it closes.

I'm not sure that's really considered repainting. Since the program that draws the indicator can't know what the final price value will be until the candle closes, it uses current price to draw that segment - just a limitation of representing price action the way we do. I haven't noticed any changes to the indicator once the current candle closes.

If that's not what you're seeing, maybe some else can address it better.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Just pop it on the min chart and watch - it will change the color on three candle bank sometimes - BUT if you then change the time frame to say 5min and then back to the min chart again its all back to normal. Confusing aint it

--- 帖子 #420 ---
You might want to do a lil reading (Lou's posts mite be a start). This has been discussed previously, not an issue.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
IMHO...

Key to this gem of a system is PA...the TVI's main function is market sentiment...From page one:
(Both TVI_2color and TVI_Histogram.....will repaint the current bar as the data changes (which they should). TVI_2color will also repaint the preceding bar when the direction of the trend changes. This is deliberate and unavoidable - because of the way MT4 paints the chart this is necessary in order to keep the line unbroken. As you learn the method you will see that this is not a problem because TVI nearly always changes direction well before ALF creates a trade signal but if it bothers you, use TVI_Histogram or just TVI by itself.)
So the repaint issue is moot since a trade is not triggered when the color makes a change...

The PA above or below the ALF helps us decide which direction to trade as long as we keep the trend of the moment in mind...From page one:
( 1. The slope of ALF is not as important as I originally thought - the relationship between ALF and PA is critical.)
Which is why the 15m chart works so well...easy to keep track of the hourly trend and to know if trade will be counter trend or with the trend...

Sometimes the minutia of what we look at on the charts to trigger our trade can get in the way.

Hope some of this helps...

Cliff

Trade well and follow the trend, not the so-called "experts."

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Ta guys, feel a bit of a dope now

Should of read ALL the thread first shouldn't I

--- 帖子 #423 ---
No worries, Mate...just part of the learning process, eh?

This really is quite a good system.  I look at the ALF like a line drawn in the sand at the beach...you know it is not permanent, that it will disappear at some point...that change is the PA.

The TVI just gives one a bias as to market direction and can also be helpful in defining divergence.

See ya in the trenches.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Hey there pippindog,

Could I try out your 15 min template, please.  Seems like a good layout and color combo to me.

Thanks,

Ed

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Hi Ed:

This is the one I'm currently using. I think it's the same as Lou's original. I open a 15min using 2/3 of the screen, then a small 1hr next to it to show longer term trend. May drop the 1hr and use something else for longer term trend soon.

If this isn't what you wanted, let me know and I'll try to get the right thing posted.

Take care,

John

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Thanks for sharing. Will start testing in a demo soon.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Thanks for defusing the repainting issue in my absence - hopefully everyone who is new here will read the posts on the first page of the thread. I've tried to keep post #1 updated with current indicators and guidelines (including a few words on the repainting question).

--- 帖子 #428 ---
After an earlier modest loss on a short, I'm rebounding...

--- 帖子 #429 ---
I bailed out of the previous trade at +25.  PA seems to be slowing a bit (and it IS Monday...)

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Hi All,

I took my first live trade using Lou's system and took 15 pips (I won't bother posting a chart as it matched the same entry Lou made on his trade).  I had been sim-trading this method for a few weeks now and finally decided to go live.  Just wanted to thank Lou (and all the others who've contributed) for presenting their methodology in such an easy to use format.

Over the next few weeks, I'll try posting results on markets other than EURUSD as it seems to have general applicability to many markets.

Thanks and Good luck trading All!

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Hi Lou,

I met a situation that  TVI just past to green but PA is already above ALF, Tell me please, if it is a valid one.

Thanks

best regards

gopsat

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Post a chart - hard to answer without seeing the setup.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
That was a nice little move, wasn't it?

Several members are trading Cable with success and I seem to remember someone posting a chart on AU - I can't see why this approach should not work for any pair.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
win 10 pips just now on long EU...

i found out that it can only be used during US Session as what Lou G suggested... cos i hit my stop loss during e asian session.. is that true?

Nevertheless, i uses 15 Mins as my main and 30 Mins as confirmation..

--- 帖子 #435 ---
you can use during Euro session .

--- 帖子 #436 ---
The first half of any of the three major sessions (Asia, London, New York) is generally the best time to trade with London being best followed by NY and Asia. Depends on when you are able to trade based on where you live and on your schedule. I like the overlap of London/NY - there is almost always a profitable trade between 12:00 - 16:00 GMT.

I seldom let a trade go against me all the way to a 20 pip stop, especially if TVI turns the wrong way.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
10 minutes to the close in London so my trading day is over.

Two trades today - minus 15 pips and plus 25 equals net 10 - pretty thin soup but better than a loss

--- 帖子 #438 ---
If you have no other viable trading time available, the Asian open is still a possibility - revise your expectations downward a bit and you can still make some pips. See the chart for last evening's opportunity. This does not happen every day but it does happen...

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I'm planning a research project to answer the question "should only short trades be taken when TVI is below the zero line - and vice versa".

It will take me a while to get this done - I plan on dumping the necessary data to a csv file and writing a quick and dirty Python program to do the analysis but it may be worth the effort.

Several members have raised this question and I hate not knowing the answer....

Stay tuned.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Hi LOU,

As I said in my previos post, here is the setup that I told you. The TVI turn green but the PA is already above ALF

Thanks

best regards

gopsat

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Yes, it looks like a trade to me.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Hello everyone,

Have not posted for a while here. So here are my results using this system + fibo pivots.

Pairs are different as you can see.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #443 ---
hi all, is there anyway to make a EA out of this system?

What most important is able to program the ADF to enter short when the PA is below e ADF and long when the PA is above ADF for a 15 mins TF? the tvf is not very important n is not a must to include it.

if anyone is able to do it, then jus need 1 more indicator which i now testin it to confirm e entry which also take reference to H1 TF...

please let me knw asap... cant wait for e EA... lol

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Nevertheless, i let u know the criteria. Please see print screen as well.

Entry for long:

Condition 1: For 15 Mins TF, if PA above ALF.

And

Condition 2: For 15 Mins TF, the latest blue arrow pointing up

And

Condition 3: For 1 Hours TF, the latest blue arrow pointing up.

Execute: Long

Entry for Short:

Condition 1: For 15 Mins TF, if PA below ALF.

And

Condition 2: For 15 Mins TF, the latest blue arrow pointing down

And

Condition 3: For 1 Hours TF, the latest blue arrow pointing down.

Execute: Short

The TP can fixed at 10 pips which i think can be guaranteed to hit TP. As for SL, can fixed at 20 pips. I still trying out...

Anyone can come out with a EA based on the above conditions?

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Ea is just a set of rules. EA will trade all the signals. And I do not think ea will be profitable. And I wonder why do you need EA? is it so hard to trade one or two trades per day to be happy?

--- 帖子 #446 ---
haha.. i understand.. but just want to see whether can we create more pips out a EA... it would be beneficial to those who cannot glue to their system all day as i understand not all of them are trading full time...

just a thought to see whether it can be done...

--- 帖子 #447 ---
anyway now i enter short for both EU and GU and TP is 10 pips each..

see whether it works..

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Well I can say that everything can be coded. I have a few ea which built on unique indicators you never find on the web, manual trading using them gives nice result. And EA coded according to the same rules gives about 1000% since 1 jan 2009 till now... But forward testing has very different picture. So I think Ea even much harder to trade, you should optimise it every time. I do not trust EA.

The main problem of beginners is that like you said: just want to see whether can we create more pips out. Do not be greedy. Brokers never give you alot so trade wisely. To be successful we must make fixed amount of pips constantly. And the more time you trade, more you risking.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
noted, thanks for your advice, Soondoock...

--- 帖子 #450 ---
hit TP for EU for 10 pips

now left GU still "dangling" there.. lol

--- 帖子 #451 ---
i move my GU to break even, because the blue arrow point up in 15 Mins TF

--- 帖子 #452 ---
I am not sure about GU. I have a few Fibo lvls near price.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Hi All,

Day 2 of trading this live and I decided to sleep in for an extra 20 min. (what a mistake!). Had wanted to be up at 5am Los Angeles time (8am EST), got up at 5:20 instead and took a small trade after the fact based on Lou's rules.  I've attached an image. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good trading all!

--- 帖子 #454 ---
A fast +15 pips - anywhere in the highlighted area was a good entry. The arrow is where I entered.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
IMHO, an EA of this method will eat your account for lunch...

Soondoock is right:

Wait for good signals, trade once or twice a day, cut your losses when trades turn against you, strive mightily to make each day profitable.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Nice work -- you got out right in time! Lack of sleep pays (see my earlier post from today - I slept in this am and it cost  )

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #457 ---
went short just now and hit my SL.. any body know hw to prevent?..

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hello, what are the parameters of TVI it seems you have same settings for both but your histogram is green and 2color line tvi is red.

If you entered short on the opening of the candle you marked, then you supposed to have +15 on the trade if entered on close about +10. I avoid trading for an hours because this time is always with wipsaws. Price moves up and down.

And I have a bit different picture of price. Also It seems histogram is repainting. When you keep you MT4 work for a few hours and after that you reload the template you can see that tvi change colour of the previous bars.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #459 ---
my tvi for both is 8,8,5... is that correct? actually i entered a candle after it...so i hit my SL... i always keep my MT4 work on... so i dun know that it repaints... how do i prevent that?

--- 帖子 #460 ---
I think you can not prevent it.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
i just long GU, u think is ok?

--- 帖子 #462 ---
If you entered at the close of the bar yes, it seems ok. +20 you should got. But you should wait for bar close, if not you risk to see bar closed in opposite direction. So according to the what I see on your chart you do not follow rules.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Possibly a retracement - longer TFs are below ALF. Good time to wait...

--- 帖子 #464 ---
There is no way to prevent trades from turning against you, but...

IMO, stops are not made to be hit - they are there to protect against disaster (your DSL goes down, computer crashes, etc.). If trade turns against you, get out - there will be another signal coming up.

Study charts of successful trades - they seldom reverse by much.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Good trade - by the book...

--- 帖子 #466 ---
In at Price cross of ALF and upward TVI, out at + 15 pips (I pulled trigger to get out at 13 pips profit and slippage was bonus). I jumped out of trade for a few reasons, 1. 1.3400 is big number once crossed I have noticed historically will go back to it (and a little more) to retest. 2. no real news events but speeches. 3. After sharp move a retrace of 50% is not unexpected.  4. Price reaching previous support line.

Nice Job on this method Lou,

Mark

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Check this H1 chart - ask yourself "what is PA direction - is this a retracement?"

I honestly don't know so I'm still waiting...

And, I could be WRONG.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Gee, do ya think?

The courageous could have taken +10 but I did not do so...

Congrats if you did...

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Actually, for the shorter term (15 minutes chart) and the last move from 1.3442 down to 1.3358 , It is at least a 50% retracement (now showing a 61.85 retracement) maybe truning into a short term reversal.

When I took the trade I did look at the 1hr and the 4 hr and noticed overall the trend is down for this week so far and both were currently below the ALF.  Since I realized that this trade was against the overall trend I decided that whenever I got close to 15 pips profit I would close the position.  I originally targeted 10 pips then switched in mid trade to 15 then switched again to get out with 13.  Bad I know, but greed then fear took hold a bit and I tried to correct.  I also would have exited if the TVI changed color or if we peirced the Alf downward by 5 pips (which is a 1:1 risk reward plan).  My position size was half of my usual size.

I try not to over analyze when getting into a trade but when exiting if I see more than a couple of warnings I get out.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
me too I got out around 1.3395 around support on 15minute chart. I left one pip to play looking at 30 minute TVI turn green and price action moving steadily up but TVI and price below ALF down on the 1hr. I have to see if I should be patient with the 1hr for "better" confirmation.

1.3403 are price action shows eur/usd losing steam i remove my last pip  out from play.

Also, I have to be aware of using my  take profit and leaving one pip to play and stop loss better.

I think it might be better to leave profit from the table as a whole rather than leave a pip or two in play Ill have to see.Like lou said stop loss is mainly for emergency. If it does not  look right just get out.

thank you lou for introducing this system to us.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
See the highlighted area - this is what a good trade looks like. Note that PA never turned more than a few pips against the trade...

--- 帖子 #472 ---
You're welcome (and EllisEdi is too)

Good analysis and I'm glad you guys made a few pips - I'm feeling cautious today...

--- 帖子 #473 ---
I usually do a post trade analysis fo my own records.

This trade was a bit too risky to enter. With no major news for investors to speculate on, I was lucky to get the pips I did. The technicals seemed to be there, but I should have realized that price will probably hover around in a range for the early US session.

Well, that sucks. Positive reinforcement of a bad decision. This trade is in my trading journal marked as a lesson to learn from.

Mark

--- 帖子 #474 ---
I wanted to take a bit of time to thank Lou for sharing this method with us. It is a clean and simple method with room for personal analysis to help filter trades. Thank you Lou for sharing this method and continuing to post your trades and thoughts.

Mark

--- 帖子 #475 ---
You're welcome, Mark - haven't seen you since the Renko days, glad you're here.

Just tried a short - EU at 1.3375 - but no selling enthusiasm. Lost 5 pips.

Guess I'll hang it up for today - what a blah market...

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Hi All,

Just took the short trade below on the Canadian Dollar for 9 pips.

Good trading All!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Hi Lou G

I have some difficuities about retracement in this Strategy (ALT/TVI in 15M)

My question is, how do you treat the retracement please.

Kind regards

gopsat.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Took a short EU @ 1.3325 but no selling enthusiasm developed. Closed trade at +1 pip.

Perhaps everyone is waiting for the Euro news in 45 minutes.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Hey all,

This looks like a tough day with 8:30 unemployment claims and 10:00 Home sales numbers along with G20 all day in europe leaves me thinking of staying on the sidelines today.

Also of note is big resistance around 1.3300 (from 3/26 and 4/08). This resistance is the lowest in quite a while (almost a year).

But after all this analysis I took a short trade at 1.3323 and out for a quick +10 pips. A nice entry signal except for the TVI which, while the right color, has already been to a nice low recently (in the london session). I jumped out early due to all my concerns listed above.

Edit : Whoops i noticed I put the arrow on the signal candle not the entry candle (which is the candle after the signal candle) ...

Mark

--- 帖子 #480 ---
When PA passes the point at which the reversal occurred, enter in the direction of the original trend (if ALF/TVI are in agreement). If that point is not reached it isn't a retracement, it's a reversal.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Last trade analysis:

Not bad,  I knew going in that it was to be a small +10 pips unless price took off in first 15 minutes.  The setup was too good of an example of a "textbook" entry signal for me to pass up.  From a technical standpoint the TVI had me a bit concerned, along with the fact that we had such a big move in the London session with only so so 8:30 news to push it a little lower.

These are some of the thoughts that run over and over in my head before and during my trade.  I need a thought silencer for my brain during the trade LOL   ...

I also need to get used to posting.  It is a little daunting putting yourself out there for all to see.  Respect to all that do this on a Regular basis (You especially Lou) ...

Mark

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Good going - nice to see this approach can work on the Loonie as well as other pairs.

Keep it up.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Good analysis - it's been a rough couple of days for the EU and tomorrow may not be good either.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Crazy day for me. Tomorrow is Friday, so I think may be to take a rest.

It is better to miss an opportunity than to lose money.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
hello

im thanx for your system Lou !

i checked it and connected with teb ema mtf method instead of useing alf...

it works pretty well

for now 7wins 2 smal lost

check it out if you want

my posts:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=159
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=162

regards

--- 帖子 #486 ---
i go long GU @ 1.5388 for 10 pips TP now....

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hi Lou G

Now, no problem with retracement, it's ok, I want to know what is your percentage of winning with this strategy, because I want to compare if I am right or not.

Thanks in advance.

Best regards

gopsat

--- 帖子 #488 ---
i have read the thread and still i am confused about how to enter and exit and what the stopp and target shall be ??

also does not the orginal strategy work i mean everyone is trying to change it   with different things

best regards

--- 帖子 #489 ---
but does anyone find this interesting? ALF with 7 pd. price channel. H4, Heiken Ashi candles. We are long when price breaks upper band and HA body closes above ALF. SL is lower band,or a close below ALF. Vice versa for short.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Long on GPB/USD

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Enter when PA opens above/below ALF and TVI has changed direction.

Exit when PA reconnects with ALF or TVI changes color.

Make your own profit targets if you want them.

I use 20 pip stop. You may use whatever makes you comfortable.

See chart below. One winning trade and one loser are  marked.

Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
First 20 trade cycle - 16 wins, 4 losses = 80%

Second cycle (in progress) -  5 wins, 3 losses = 63%

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Support at 1.3300?  News coming in - I'll wait a bit ...

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Yes, the original strategy does work. However, it is the nature of some to add their own favorite indicators. I don't mind this as long as the basic method is not violated. IMHO, more is not necessarily better.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Hi All,

Took a trade on the Canadian Dollar again today -- short for 11 pips (it had more legs but unfortunately I scare easily).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Happy Trading Everyone!

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Support at the red line punctured - enter at the arrow - good for +15 so far.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Now long. Market very choppy. No more trades til' Monday.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
I agree - time to call it a week.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
just missed by one tick, but holding. EDIT: TP reached.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Will close at 16:00 GMT. Perhaps re-enter when market re-opens for next week.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
I had to leave the house for a bit shortly before 14:00 GMT.

Look what happened while I was out

--- 帖子 #502 ---
I did catch this for 12 pips. Along with 12 pips on short, 24 for the day using the tools in this thread. Thanks, Lou. Actually I entered late on this trade at 1.3335 rather than at 1.3328, the candle close. So should have had an additional 7 pips. Too busy typing to mind my trading!!

--- 帖子 #503 ---
You're welcome - I'm glad someone got something out of this.

Murphy's Law never sleeps (or maybe it was O'Toole's Rule)...

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Hi

I tried to add a few different TVI Indicators to various charts and nothing draws. I tried the templates - same problem. I love tje ALF indicator but can't get the TVI to show.

Any suggestions???

--- 帖子 #505 ---
You need to download TVI.mq4 as well - the other two use that as the source of their data.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Yes...interesting...and the colors...very cool...
I'm not much for HA myself, always switching back to standard candles...but I like the idea of the Price Channel Indy you have there...seems to be based on Fractels but gives one a sense of direction...
The attached chart is setup for trading this coming week so that I can experiment with your layout along with Lou's.
I have the Price Channel set to 7 period and shift 2... This seems to help with identifying the break...
Stoch's are there 'cause old habits die hard...
Thanks for the suggestion...
Cliff

--- 帖子 #507 ---
actually representing H/L for 6 pds. before current bar. It is set at 7 pds., but with no shift. It looks as though entering only on signals produced at close of 8,12,and 16:00 GMT hrs. will score pips. Manual back test of 2010 suggests a positive expectancy. Would be great if someone else also checked to verify results. On M15 chart I use 10 pd price channel. The channel serves primarily as an emercency SL, and as an indication of meaningful price movement beyond a mere close above/below ALF.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Simply buying a break of upper band and closure of HA body above ALF with opposite band as emergency SL, and exiting position on adverse candle close. Opposite for a sell.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
thanks for the answear i dont know if u already do this but it looks like the setup have a better chanse of being a winner if we only enter after the setup bar has closed and that it is a down bar a blcak bar for shorting and also that it is not toutching the indicator it is free. same but opposite for long. stop 10 pips tp 10 pips

best regards

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hi Lou G

This weekend I was thinking something not foolish, if you or somebody else could have an indicator that make an alert (message and sound) when PA touch ALF in both direction.(buy or sell) It will be very nice for stop or re-entry. What do you think of it ?

--- 帖子 #511 ---
I think there would be too many alerts during ranging markets. I gave this a lot of thought before deciding that the TVI was a better place for alerts.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
short

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Nice. I've been using ALF and TVI as well and it seems very reliable. On both 1HR and 4HR timeframes.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Hi guys this is a screen short of the trade i took this morning with Lo's system on my demo account. I will try it more and more and post results.

thanks

--- 帖子 #515 ---
In the,"Month of trades," example above two trades were taken without TVI 12 12 5 confirmation,the Buy at 125.01, and the sell at 124.56 for losses of 95 pips, and 35 pips respectively. I will be keeping TVI on my charts!

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hello pipzap,

you can tell me that the green and red  indicator is the price?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Good - I was wondering if anyone was trading EY.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Excellent - good stuff, Pippo.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
hi, what is the other indicators that you are using? the one that crosses with ALF? thanks

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Hi,

Could anyone tell me if this was indeed a valid long trade?

Rgds

Eddie

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Hi guys,

I  pips eventually closed the trades on a profit of 42 pips for eurusd and 28 pips for usdchf.

The green and red indicator is a non lagging moving average indicator that follws price closely. If u apply it on your chart, it helps you stay  in the trade longer and make more pips.

Green signifies an uptrend and red colour means a downtrand. I also use it to exit my positions. It helps me stay longer in the trade even when ALF crosses PA.

You can try it and see how it works for you.

Thanks Lou.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
It's not clear exactly where you entered but it sure looks good

--- 帖子 #523 ---
I just took this recent. Here is the screen shot.

The system seems productive and great.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Hi,

The eurusd hit my TP of 30 pips. usdchf is ongoing, now at 26 pips up. Aiming at 40 pips though.

Thanks again to Lou as my confidence in this system is building up.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Hi Lou,

I entered on the fith last candle from the end. The TVI had turned green and just started curving upwards. I took 27 pips.

Apart, form the time of day, is there anything you think would have kept you out of that trade?

Eddie

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Thanks. So what is ur criteria for long and short? when the two lines crosses? and how abt ur SL and TP? thanks

--- 帖子 #527 ---
hi pipzap,

would u go short for GU... see my attached chart.. thanks

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Morning folks,

Basically what helps me stay in the trade longer is by viewing the general trend of the market on the higher timeframe (4hrs). This helps me to make my trading decision and to even stay longer in the trade.

Entries are made whenver their is a cross between the ALF and the Nonlag MA. Stop losses are usually not more than 25pips for eurusd,usdchf. I like to have it a little bit widers for EJ, GJ cos of their volatility.

Exit are made whenever the Nonlag MA changes colour. (From green to red for upmove and vice versa.)

Thanks

--- 帖子 #529 ---
My decision either to go short or long will be based on the trend i see on the higher TF. As at the time you were saying, if the trend of GU on 4hrs is down (sometimes i check daily), then i will go short since it agrees with my ALF and MA.

I do not put TP cos i watch till my NonLagMa changes colour, then i exit my positions.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #530 ---
i see.. thanks... then i make a mistake as i went short for EU an hour ago when there is a cross... so did i make the wrong choice?

btw, what pairs did u trade? thanks

--- 帖子 #531 ---
I downloaded your NonLagMA indicator and placed it in the indicator folder. Unfortunately I cannot get it to appear in the custom indicators file. Any suggestions as to why it is not there.

gregb

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Hi gregben,

You have to close your MT4 and reopen for the indicator to appear

Kind regards

gopsat

--- 帖子 #533 ---
i close my EU (short) for 10 pips because i was about to go out and have no time to take a look at my chart and now when i am back, it had gone further..i got short at 1.3364 and now is 1.3313... almost 50 pips.. should have wait for it to go further.. sigh...

so u every hour take a look at the chart? and close it when e nonlagma change colour? thanks

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Nope - that's a good trade. Keep doing it.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Pretty text book entry.

The exit could be let to run more but it is late London and mid US, so I exited at fixed 20 pips.

Mark

--- 帖子 #536 ---
And you got out just in time...

Well played.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Wow, that is quite the spike.  I wonder what Fed Chairman Bernanke and ECB President Trichet are saying ... ?

I usually do not pay attention to speeches or testimony events.

Mark

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Hi folks,

been out since morning. Just came back now.

Just want to show you how my trading went today.

I entered 3 positions today EURUSD,USDCHF and USDCAD and all of them hit my TP of 40pips each using Lou's system. Could have made more but i had to go out. I came back to see that using the NonlagMa, i could have stayed in the trade and make not less than 100 pips on each trade.

I attached a screen shot of the trades.

I will also post loosing trades if i have one but so far, it has been great.

How have u guys found the NonLagMa? has it been of help at all?

Thanks again Lou.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hi Lou,

What would keep you out of taking a long at the red line. TVI has turned green. The previous bar closed above ALF. Only thing I can think of is that the PA was not moving 'away' from ALF.

Input appreciated.

Today I took two trades on EURUSD. The first trade was long and BE, could have been 20 pips if I had placed a limit. The second trade a short for a quick 20 pips.

Eddie

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Overall market trend would lead me to suspect the possibility of a retracement - time to wait and see. This is the part of all methods that cannot be accounted for with indicators and is the most challenging part to learn - what I have referred to several times in this thread as "feel" which can only be learned by putting in lots of screen time.

Sounds like your trading is going okay - today was a difficult one.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Thanks Lou and pipzag for sharing.

Question for pipzag : When you say you try to confirm trend on H4 or daily, do you also use the color of NonlagMA for direction or something else ?

Also do you wait for close of candle to enter and to exit ?

Would be nice to have an indicator with arrow, alert and email when:

- Enter Long when: On H1 NonLagMA crosses AFL from below with TVI green and NonLagMA green on H4.

- Enter Short when: On H1 NonLagMA crosses AFL from above with TVI red and NonLagMA red on H4.

- Exit when on H1 NonLagMA changes color from entry.

That way we could do some backtesting.

I'll share my results when I have more trades with the above setup.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Hi:

I'm using Lou's setup w ALF, TVI_2color_alert_symbol_tf, and worktime indicators - loving it. Thanks Lou!!

The problem I'm having is any trendlines, text, etc. I put on a chart disappears when I toggle between any timeframes. This only seems to happen on charts that I have worktime on. If I open another chart and throw some stuff on it, I can toggle without losing anything. If I delete worktime, I can toggle time frames without losing anything too.

Has anyone else had this happen or does anyone know how to prevent it? I like the worktime indicator, but it's not really usable like this for me.

Thanks,

John

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Price action is the most important signal. You want positive white candles if you are trading that direction. That should be your entry signal with confirmation from your indicators.

EURUSD has been moving like a snail lately. Seems to lose steam on M15. Pairs with more volatility might have pushed up a little before trailing off like that.

Attached another option for breaking up sessions. Might need Inputs adjusted.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Hi Agent 6488:

Thanks for posting the assiansession indicator. That might be just the thing. Can you post the .mq4 file for it?

Thanks,

John

--- 帖子 #545 ---
i go long for EU... see attached chart.. what u all think?

--- 帖子 #546 ---
I don't have it for that version.

Try this one:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1596

I think they are still working on trying to get that one totally stable. They were saying it begins to draws itself a little earlier than it should. Not sure if he updated the file yet. Looks OK to me.

This version marks all of the sessions, and creates a channel to show the high and low of the Asian trading session. You'll likely have to adjust Inputs based on your MT4 broker time vs. local time.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Got a good piece of the up move at 12:00gmt EU m15.

To all who have posted charts on this page - looking very good!

Once you get the "feel" of this approach you will make steady pips.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
I replied to your PM but if you would like a detailed explanation of retracements/reversals, try this thread:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=80290

This is important basic stuff that all traders need to know.

Best,

Lou G

--- 帖子 #549 ---
This trade deserves a bit of watching ...  It is a counter trend (short term) but both 1 hr and 4 hr agree with the direction.

We will see what happens ...

Mark

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Me too - looks good so far.

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Woot !!! Another successful ALF (A Lou Favorite) ... LOL

Exited @1.3189 for +20

Because - 1.  Traded into Resistance with no real news to help drive price.

2.  5 Down arrows in a row so expect a bit of a pull back.

3.  The system rules I am using say exit at 20 pips unless strong indications to let run

Mark

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Send fan mail to John Ehlers

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Hi Lou G

Here is a charte which i enter a long, will you please tell me if my entry is good or bad

Thanks

kind regards

Gopsat

--- 帖子 #554 ---
If you don't mind, will you post your market hrs. indicator?

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Looks good to me...could be a retracement so watch it carefully.

Countertrend trades can be tricky.

Not to be annoying, but here's how I see it - a good profit already made:

--- 帖子 #556 ---
i hit my SL for this..  because i did not reference it to H4 chart...

sigh... lesson learnt

--- 帖子 #557 ---
is there any way to create a pop up alert when the NonMA crosses with ALF? thanks.. so that we no need to scroll all over the place.. haha

--- 帖子 #558 ---
In trading we are confronted with three questions:

Direction - Which way will PA go?

Distance - How far?

Momentum - How long will it take to get there?

TVI provides direction. It's not always right but it's right a lot. ALF acts as a continuously variable RSI - above ALF is long, below is short, providing entry points.

The time of day you choose to trade provides momentum. This is not guaranteed either but, if you trade during the first 4 hours of one of the three major trading sessions, momentum will usually be there.

Distance is the mystery and cannot be predicted. Trade management is the only way I know to cope with this. Watch open trades like a hawk and, if you are in profit, get out at a sign of weakness - you can always re-enter later.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Recently completed trade:

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Hi Pippopotamus

My chart is a 15M

Thanks

Kind regards

gopsat

--- 帖子 #561 ---
from yesterday.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Really good analysis and results...

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Whoa - what just happened on EU?

--- 帖子 #564 ---
hahah... is it good to go short again on EU? see diagram.. thanks

--- 帖子 #565 ---
It looks like the Technicals support a short BUT BEWARE the FOMC announcement is coming out at 2:15pm Ny time.

Mark

--- 帖子 #566 ---
LOL I was reading his SYSTEM series the last few days,,,,good read.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
ya, i understand that.. so i did not go short.. i just sit back and relax...

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Hi Lou,

Here is an example. If the current candle closes above ALF, will it then be a valif long as TVI turned upwards already? Should we be weary of that red trandline?

Eddie

--- 帖子 #569 ---
I`ve installed the indicators and the template but i still need to learnbecause i didn`t get it

--- 帖子 #570 ---
great analysis on the pull back anticipation. Imagine doing this for a living like some people here?

amazing.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Trading countertrend is always risky.

You can either skip the trade or revise your profit expectations downward and take the chance anyway. Your choice...

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Hi pipzap,

I like the indicator you attached. Thank you!

I think it works best on 15 minute time frame. But how to avoid false signals?

--- 帖子 #573 ---
hey LOU during the summer eur/usd gets cool down a bit do you still trade eur/usd and look for opportunities or look for other pairs or simply take a break>?

--- 帖子 #574 ---
I've honestly never noticed such a predictable slowdown but perhaps I have not been paying attention.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
hey guys,

Just want you to know how im doing with the trading system.

I've entered 9 positions all together, 8 winners(25 pips average) and 1 loosers today with 25pips.

Guess Im still doing fine.

Will always post results.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #576 ---
To avoid false signals on lower TF with the NonlagMA, you have to check PA on higher TFs and look for a suitable entry on ur chosen TF.

Dont know why i prefer using 1hr TF. I think lower TFs are too fast for me. Nevertheless, thats just the gist behind it.

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Hi pipdigging,

On the higher TFs like the 4hr, PA remains the best means for me to confirm the trend of the market. believe me u dnt want to go short on ur Lower Tfs when there is positive blue long bar on the higher Tfs. The colour of NonLagMa is an advantage too.

For my entry, after ALF has crossed the present bar, i like to wait for the next bar to open and move 2-3 pips in my desired direction before i place my order. Nonlagma colur change and TVI are also an advantage.

Exits are made when Nonlagma changes colour. I have the colour change to be of great importance cos it helps me stay in the trade longer despite little pulbacks.

I hope i have been of help?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Thanks for your reply!

--- 帖子 #579 ---
I could not get your NonLagMA.ex4 indicator ( from post 526 ) to load into the custom indicator file on my M4 platforms. I subsequently downloaded from another site a NonLagMA_v4 file and got it to work. Could you please give me the parameters that you use in the inputs file of your indicator so I can try that setting.

Thanking you in advance.

gregb

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Hi Gregben,

This is the settings for the NonlagMa

price-0,

lenght-21,

displace-0,

pct filter-0.0,

colour-1,

colourbarback-1,

deviation-0.0,

soundalertmode-0

thnx

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Many thanks, up and running nicely. Should be good to keep in trend longer. I also use an extra TVI with 24:24:5 settings which is also good for extra pips.

Gregben

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Hi pipzap,

is there anyway to create an alert when the ALF and NonLagMA crosses? so that we need not scroll thru the charts time and time.

Btw, u do scroll all over ur charts to see whether conditions are met? thanks

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Oh sorry, dont know how to do that.

I scroll thru the charts.

Anyone in da house wanna help wf dt?

happy trading!

--- 帖子 #584 ---
I opened position for 2 currency pairs today. EJ for 12 pips and AU for 18 pips.

Not so bad for a slow day. Could have made but im going out now, guess its better to close at a profit than a loss.

How are you guys doing with the system?

Im getting more confident in the consistency of the system.

Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
I long GU ... and close when at 45 pips TP.. haha.. cos it hit Resistance.. so i just close it... cool... think i going live soon ... haha

i taking a look at EJ and UJ now.. but haven enter yet.. just wait...

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Hey all,

I wanted to post a trade I passed on due to the size of the signal candle. It happened this morning.

on EUR USD :

The setup : Major news happened 2 candles before the signal candle ( unemployment claims came out worse than expected (weakness for USD))

the Signal Candle : size 48 pips (body 38 pips) , Crossed ALF downward, TVI has been down for entire US session and part of London Session ( past 11 candles), TVI about to cross the zero line and has been going down since color switch.

The Candle size is too big for me. Another point against entering is that the TVI has been going down for a long time. Also the candle leaves price close to resistance of 1.3220.

From my experience, most price swings on the 15 minute EurUsd chart are 30 -60 pips. This one candle took that range itself without logical news backing it. This looks like a correction of speculation from earlier price action.

Mark

--- 帖子 #587 ---
[quote=EllisEdi;3683848]Hey all,

I wanted to post a trade I passed on due to the size of the signal candle. It happened this morning.

on EUR USD :

Hi EllisEdi,

Wouldn't there be a valid sell two (or five) bars prior, which would have given you the possibility to be already short on the 48pips bar?

gr pbb

--- 帖子 #588 ---
i long UJ @94.24 now .. with 25 pips SL.. and TP not set...

--- 帖子 #589 ---
I was just using that big signal bar example as something I look out for while considering a signal.

As for trading the chart...

Yes, they are both valid entries. The one from 5 bars prior is a bit questionable to me because it closes within the consolidation of the last move. The signal from 2 bars prior is a bit better as it closes outside of the consolidation, but it has a long bottom wick. Now, I was not trading during that signal candle, but if I was, I may have entered short then exited when price did not break lower than the signal candle but did break higher. It is difficult to tell what I might have done because sometimes I will set a 20 - 25 pip stop exit target and try to let it run, but recently I have been trying to exit sooner say 10 pips (plus spread).

Lou once explained that the best setups were when price barely moved against you at all after entry and I have been experimenting with that type of rule.

Mark

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Thanks for explaining! I also understand that it's 'feel good situation' when the price doesn't move against you (barely). However it's impossible to predict what the move will be after you get in. Smaller stops (10pips for instance) might be a good thing. Somehow we have to get back and see what the outcome would have been using different exits. I tend to use an atr exit, which allows larger stops in more volatile markets.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
be wary of having too many indicators just my humble opinion

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Good trades guys.

keep the pips rolling in.

thanks to Lou.

Lets repeat the profit making tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Hi Guys

Here is a loosing one Any comment please ?

TF is 15M

--- 帖子 #594 ---
it was risky because of 1h trend

id like to use mtf alf set to 1h to se where is alf on 1h or at least 30m and not play against it

not always but usual

see here - that orange is alf for 1h

http://img411.imageshack.us/img411/6356/gpb.gif

lucky you now its going down

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Hey Lou, was wondering if you have played around with AFL and MTF AFL on lower time frames. Also I can say I have not seen AFL discussed much or used much for that matter on these boards. Any other discussions out there on the subject? Thanks in advance.....PTL

--- 帖子 #596 ---
For me it was not losing trade because candles never closed above ALF.

And your sl must be bigger then 20 pips for GU.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Your entry was a good one. Your stop would need to be above 1.5385 (the last swing area) and your take profit around 1.5325 or a bit lower to get at least 1:1 risk : reward ratio. This trade would have worked out then.

On a side note ... When using a smaller stop exit, I like to enter when price goes lower then the candle that crossed the ALF (when price is moving fast) or on the close of the candle immediately after the one that crossed when that candle closes in the same direction as the trade (in a short, the second canlde must close down for me to enter)

Experience and screen time will help you get a feel for your prefered currency pair.

Sorry about previous analysis ( i deleted it) I misread your indicators (too many for me)...

Mark

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Hi all,

A quick trade from this morning. Short EUR USD on cross of ALF with TVI pointing down and near to cross zero line. Tp Exit set to 20 pips. Stop exit set at 10 pips.

Additional analysis that i noticed (GBP/USD on downward push) TVI divergence with price (Price highs going up while TVI highs going down)

Previous support near 1.3290 so exit is good.

These additional analysis points only confirmed my decision.

Mark

--- 帖子 #599 ---
I did it again, entered into a risky trade.

I entered short right into a support area of 1.3305. It was also a major round number area of 1.3300. Before the trade I reasoned that price usually likes to break through major round number areas by a bit before retracing to previous levels or retesting the major round number area and continuing in the direction of the break.

This is where my screen time with this pair has paid off.

Mark

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Ditto to your last few posts (especially your reply to gopsat77). I was about to post similar suggestions but you beat me to it...

Screen time and patience are the keys.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I took the trade as indicated for a really fast +20 pips.

I've been using a new version of TVI for the last couple of days and find it helps me stay more focused on PA. It very definitely does not repaint (it waits for the previous bar to close before the signal line appears). Use it if you like it

--- 帖子 #602 ---
EllisEdi thanks for your indepth "play by play  analysis"

I am trading min lots live and I got in for 20 pips each EUR/USD and usd/chf . Reading passages from Trading in the Zone book recommended by LOU, helps me realize that I should never get upset leaving profits on the table and stick to my rules and look at the big picture. dont get emotional accept it for what it is. no indicator can teach you that. I will download the revised TVI LOU just displayed.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
hmm nice idea Lou

but here is something strange ?

thease green signals ?
http://img8.imageshack.us/img8/6276/eurj.gif

cen you explain?

regards

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Looks like the two TVI's are using different settings.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
nope their are the same look at screen

i did 4printscreens and copied it to one because mt canot open propertis for more than 1 indi at the same time...

check it if u can or mayby atach one more time versions of txi that you actuali use - mayby i downloaded some strange old version?
http://img685.imageshack.us/img685/6...3019434.th.png

btw thanx for your system i didnt belive in it till today - i drope off idea to connect it to tebs 5/12 emas system - yours is much easier and more effective

realy great job !!

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Hi Lou,

This new indicator looks great. I found the old tvi difficult to deal with. Sure, you should actually only look at the slope, though after trading for a while you would find that colors would change. Maybe you should not make a big deal out of that. It's not just annoying, it leaves you in doubt, especially when in doubt (which occurs about ... % of the time in trading). Without repainting there's no room left for second guessing. I have attached some indicators which I think have almost the same behavior as the tvi (in my humble opinion) and don't (maybe only a little slope smoothing) repaint.

Thanks for this wonderful system and please stay on board.

PBB

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Nope, I posted the version I use - don't what the problem can be. Compare to the histogram version below - all is ok. Use something else if it doesn't work for you...

--- 帖子 #608 ---
strange

i reinstalled mt4 and now its ok;]

i checkt so many systems on it and mayby something crashed up

now its ok;p

from pn i try to make it work using only your system;]

thanx one more time!

regards

--- 帖子 #609 ---
You're all welcome!

I'm amazed that this thread has more than 600 posts. I do read them all but only have time to respond to selected ones - I answer all with problems and some from members who really "get it" in order to call attention to their experiences as inspiration for those who are struggling.

Most who fall into the "struggling" category simply lack trading experience and, as we all know, the only way to get that experience is by trading and learning from mistakes (and from successes).

--- 帖子 #610 ---
yeah i known what hapend befour!

when i add the signals to let say eurousd

then save a temp.. it is saving a temp WIDHT signals from eurousd because signals are just vertical lines;p

and when i load it to other chart it loding also fake signals from eurousd ;]

we just need to load temp without this signals and then load signals to each charts one by one;]

chers !

--- 帖子 #611 ---
thx for youre posts Ellis. can you say more to this plz? What do that event telling us?

thx as well to Lou G for share this system info with us here.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Hi,

pls always use wider SL for GU, EJ, GJ cos of their volatility.

Foe EU, ur stops can be tight.

That positon could have been won if ur SL were wider than that and if you have a confirmation of the trend on the higher TF.

Best wishes

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Hi all

A great thanks to all of you for these comments, I really learn from you. If Lou G allow me , I will  continue to post my chart in this thread. Thanks again.

Nice weekend to you all

best wishes

gopsat

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Hey Lou G

Question for you or anyone else that could imput, What if the TVI does not turn down (red) or up before the PA moves below/above the ALF, would you enter when the TVI changed or only take trades when the TVI turns before or at same time PA moves past ALF? I notice most of your pic post of trades you took seems they they happen about same time.

Also could you direct me to the post where you explain your target/risk setup?

and do you trade this on more pairs than the EU and on different TF than 15?

Thanks so much

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Usually, TVI changes slightly before PA passes through ALF. That's the time to trade.

I use 20 pip stop so I try to get at least that much in profit but it's important to be flexible - if PA moves reverses to ALF or TVI changes directions it's time to exit.

There are lots of examples of good trades from myself and others - check them out.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Thanks LOU G,

So if the TVI Changes after the PA moves trough the ALF that may be a time to pass on it is that correct? The best trades are when the TVI changes slightly before the PA Move.. Also I assume when you said "PA passes through ALF" that means that it closes trough the ALF.  IS that correct?

Thanks for you help

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Other than going against and extream trend is this a valid long signal?

--- 帖子 #618 ---
very  good EA

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...95#post3690595

--- 帖子 #619 ---
good morning.

I would love to ask for small help.

i can see it you  can write program .

there is an indcicator and it would like to be  asked give buy sell alarm mark . a supplement is needed for him

greet  Jan

--- 帖子 #620 ---
how does the TVI_signal works? i apply it and saw many vertical lines.. how does it works? My setting is 8,8,5 on a H1 time frame...

--- 帖子 #621 ---
lou can i ask u something?

befour this i saw a lot of your post at c4 scalping

do you think that this its les risky and more profitible?

regards

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Market is flat - look at TVI, no movement either way. Wait...

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Line appears when TVI changes direction - see post #631

--- 帖子 #624 ---
It's a valid signal but maybe not a good trade. EU dropped 100 pips starting in Asian session - do you think it will reverse?

News at 14:00 GMT - wait and see what happens after that.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Once a colorchange appears at the tvi histogram and that bar closes, the tvi signal will appear on the next candles open. Now you know this and once you get familiar with it, you can delete the tvi histogram.

One thing worth mentioning is that when you add the tvi signal to your template and you use that template for another pair, odd lines can show up. It's then best to delete and reload the tvi signals indicator.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
It's also a UK and JPY Bank Holiday. That must be the reason for a narrow range on the eur, despite the Greece bailout.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Hi Lou G

Excuse me for this question, What is the exact condition to take a trade with TVI signal, ALF and TVI Histogram.

Thanks in advance

Kind regards

Gopsat

--- 帖子 #628 ---
TVI_Signal and Histogram tell the exact same story - just a simpler way to clean up the chart.

PA below ALF plus red vertical line equals short and vice-versa BUT...use common sense and wait for a definitive move. What is "definitive"? Study charts of successful trades posted here until pattern recognition sinks into your brain.

Trading can't ever be 100% mechanical.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
pbb is absolutely right - Mondays are often problematic.

TVI and ALF are completely flat and ALF is bisecting PA (meaning PA is above, then below and so on). This equals "no trade".

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hi Lou,

I just came across the thread, and I found one opportunity to test it on M5 today. (Haven´t been able to test M15 & H1 yet). But at least it can be used on lower TF to scalp some pips off the table.

Below is USDJPY M5:

PA above ALF, TVI above 0, pointing upwards.

Trade one gave some 15 Pips, and Trade two gave some 30 pips (used yesterdays high at exit). SO total 45 Pips.

Will continue to test, as the method seems simple enough, put in some PA and it can be very profitable.

Thanks for sharing Lou

(In case anyboy wonders, the light blue line is a SMA 60)

--- 帖子 #631 ---
I am still analyzing behavior of price when TVI diverges, but from a pure technical standpoint when the TVI diverges from Price it means that the price movement is running out of strength.

I spent the weekend analyzing old charts and TVI divergence and have found nothing quantitative.

Mark

--- 帖子 #632 ---
No impact whatever from news at 14:00 GMT.

IMHO, not a good trading day.

Maybe I'll go to the golf dome and work on my short game

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Well, I hope some of you jumped on that - it certainly wasn't me...

--- 帖子 #634 ---
This entire week may prove problematic, especially for those trading on longer TFs. Bank holidays. ADP on Wed. NFP on Fri. Personally, I am reducing position size by 50% until Mon.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
I totally missed this trade (shame on me) but it's an excellent example. Anywhere below support (red horizontal line) would be considered a "definitive" move.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Hi Maxwell,

What block size are you using?

--- 帖子 #637 ---
It will also cause you to loose all of your horzonal, and trend lines, so use the tvi signals on seperate chart

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Well it was a nice drop and left room for a nice retrace for 20 pips that I got, I knew it was risky but just wanted to make sure It was a valid signal. thanks

--- 帖子 #639 ---
What about the short your ignored? may I ask why

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Hey MR Vadar, where is Maxwell's Post at

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Thx for reply Ellis.

--- 帖子 #642 ---
forextek,

Look at post #66

--- 帖子 #643 ---
guyz, is anyway to keep tvi alert box on screen or to get back up plz?

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #645 ---
May I ask another Question for all the vets here, First how do you get two indicators in one window ie Histogram and tvi color. and I noticed some MTF charts seem to be able to show more than 5,15,30,60,4hr, ect, See some that have 2 hr, even 1 min. Can someone give some imput please.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Click the indicator that you want to load from the navigator and "drag" it to the same window.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
hi, anyway to create an alert when both ALF and NonLagMA crosses? anybody can help? thanks... in this way, we would not miss out anything.. thanks

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Hi forextec,

If I understand right, shorts are only to be taken when PA are below ALF.

Since I am posting in Lou´s thread, I thought I was going to show trades taken by this method only.

However, I were scalping that level yesterday but not with this method, basically because it was a Resistance level on my H4 chart and the ATR were above average for the day.

Hope this clear things up a little.

-PiFellas-

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Hi Lou G

If you can make any comment of this trade please

I think it's good to me but I need the view of an specialist to say if I enter too late or too soon.

Thanks in advance

Best regard

gopsat

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Hi Gopsat,

I am in it, short @ 1.01366 with a target @ 1.0117.

update: hit my stop @ BE

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Hi Lou G

Here is another one, I was out for positive 20 pips

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Hello,

I went thru the posts and i saw that people have really understood the concept of Lou's system.

Just want to post my trade update today.

I opened position for EURUSD and USDCAD and im up by 53pips and 39pips respectively and still moving.......

is anyone on that presently?

Planning to go live next week and as surely, i will post screen shots of my positions.

happy trading.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Nice system. But from my point of view, this system ius not yet fully complete. Your entry and exit are kinda late..?

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Hi pipzap I have not been able to get the template or the two gif indicators from post #1 onto my MetaTrader 4 spent hours on it but no success with the bugger. so just wondering if you could post a link to your template ,

not being lazy but working with old eyes

I have the TVI indicator

thank you and all who have posted

JayalFX

--- 帖子 #655 ---
If you are specific with the indicators, i might be able to help.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
bro, i thought u only enter when there is crosses between ALF and nonlagma?

--- 帖子 #657 ---
20 GBPUSD

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Well the PA did close below the ALF right before your long, but now I see the TVI was changeing up right then aswell, then pa wient about ALF, so good for you .. I am just trying to learn the system not trying to call you out,, good luck my friend

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Did everyone take this trade?

--- 帖子 #660 ---
yeah ! me

same on eur-jpy

but on demo

just couple moore weeks

Lou what is that green arrow on your chart? you pained it or some indy help you pick out  "good trades"?;p

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Exited just a moment ago +40...

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Note that TVI color change makes a good exit (RE: previous post).

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Does anyone have any doubt about trend direction when looking at this chart? Not a good idea to trade against this...

A very successful trader (Jacko) who has a long-running trade journal here on FF said: "show this chart to a six-year-old and ask which way it's going".

My point in this post was to explain why the up signal (second green line back) should not have been taken - sorry, forgot to put the up arrow on the chart.

Everyone clear on this?

--- 帖子 #664 ---
at close of 08:00 GMT hr. Have already TP'd E/U for 38 pips(late entry!). Others pos., but moving slowly. All on H4 chart. My G/U trade.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
First of all.....to Lou....great thread....I have been following (and trading) it for a few days now.

Question to Pippopotamus (what is the indicator you use for the 7 period price channel)  .......I love the simplicity of Lou's charts....but I want to back test a bit with Pippopo.... price channel and HA

Another question for Pippopot...are you trading only off the 4 hour?

I have found that I prefer lower time frames for this method, with higher time frame confirmation for price trend.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
The Price Channel ind. I use is found at...Trading Discussions...Price Channel Trading...Post#21. I trade on H4 chart only. I am eager to see the results of your back test.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Now you've got it - trade in direction of trend.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Another person get it - nice trading.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Not sure what you mean by gif indicators - can you explain?

--- 帖子 #670 ---
I put the arrow there to show the entry point.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Entry at 1.3104, exit at 1.3055 equals +47 pips (net spread) - what's wrong with that?

--- 帖子 #672 ---
to me.

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Well, I did leave some pips on the table...

--- 帖子 #674 ---
early. GBP pair trades have stalled. ADP paranoia setting in.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Lou, if you can invent a system that picks tops and bottoms to the pip....you may as well then focus your energies on: world peace, a cure for cancer, climate change......and then next week......

LOL

Seriously though great system!!

I took a few profitable trades, but did not hold them long enough (I am at work and had to leave my desk and did not want to leave the trades open)

Notes to myself (and anyone else who cares)

* stick to the 15 minute time frame (still using higher time frames to confirm direction)

* wait for the candle to close before entering

* hold trade until I get a clear signal to enter (moving stop to break even quickly

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Short at 123.77. TP 122.15. Presently,I am happy with the way this trade has developed, but wary of looming news releases.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
zipzap  thanks for reply  when I eventually get the template in program files experts templates on

my MetaTrader it shows up as a gif file and metatrader wont open it

it will not copy to this reply but it is a round orb peirced by a little triangle and a little square picture offset on the edge

the same with the indicators when I place them into experts indicators

hope that makes sense , it seems that f/factory icons are not compatable with my MetaTrader4 ? and I do not know how to change them

Allan

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Allan - you need to drop templates into Crogram FilesMetaTrader - "yourbroker"templates

NOT Crogram FilesMetaTrader - "yourbroker"expertstemplates

When you save a file, you will see a "save as type" option.....see image

Choose either .tpl or all files and then save as .tpl

Let me know if this helps

--- 帖子 #679 ---
speaking of templates....Pippopotamus.....can you please post yours.....I am a HA moron....I can never get HA candles to look the same way as others. Do I chose candles, or standard bars? If you post your template I will be able to tweak the chart to what I want....but get the HA candles to look right

thx in advance

PGPB

--- 帖子 #680 ---
What to post?? The indicators are at your fingertips here at FF. My settings/technique have all been posted already. The channels you see on my chart made by dashed lines are 6 pd. Keltners at .75, and .12, to which I sometimes refer to guage momentum over last 1 or 2 candles. Often I use .75 band as SL instead of PC. Such things are discretionary.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
yeah....no problems on all the indicators....it is just that my HA candles never look like anyone elses HA candles....in my preferences I have up candle green down candle red, bull candle green bear candle red.....I am a pretty experienced MT4 user....it is just those darn HA candles.

Anyways...if you don't want to post your template no worries...I will figure it out

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Lou great system easy to use for most part. Rules are fairly simple. What I struggle with is when not to use it. I understand not to go against the trend ect, even not to take it if there was already a huge move awayfrom AFL. What about the other short signals before the one you pulled the trigger on, like the red line right before the one you shorted, and there was one before that, why not those?

--- 帖子 #683 ---
I think it does seem to work better with 15 min TF with higher TF confrim, However I think it works well with the 4 hr aswell if you willing to have loose stops, made pips on tvi up last week, and tvi down this week both EUR and GBP took 80 pips both ways. Still small about open short on GBP from 1.5268

--- 帖子 #684 ---
hey guys,

i eventually closed my positions on eurusd and usdcad for  171pips and 149pips respectively. It's still moving but i cant take it anymore.....

Did anyone catch such massive pips too?

This system rocks!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Agree with that. The system is great, but you can argue why some trades are taken and some not. I understand the overall trend, that was clear yesterday. However, there are also charts posted on this thread with countertrend trades. Sure, when paper trading that's no point, afterwards there is always some argument why one should or should not have taken the trade. With real live trading that's a little different. I do understand the screen time / PA feeling that Lou has, it's his system that he created and that gives him the edge. This is a great system but it uses discretion and as Lou says, that needs screen time. Maybe you can use some trendfilter, I don't know....

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Morning folks,

I'm in on eurusd (buy), eurjpy(buy) and audusd (buy).

Its moving real fast......

I'll tell you how it goes...

happy trading

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Hi Lou G

Look at this chart, It's nice to have pips like this every day

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Hi Lou G

Look at this also, it's really nice !

But if you have any comments, it is wellcome !(if anyone know how to have imoticon ?)

--- 帖子 #689 ---
I was sleeping then (literally). I trade from 12:00GMT (or so) until London close. Those would have been good entry points as well.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
continues to sink like a stone.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Not to be a wet blanket but...

Many of us have profited from the EU's troubles. Trending markets are fun and easy to trade - just hop on and take profits at retracement points.

Spend a little time reviewing the techniques for trading ranging markets using this approach - that's what comes next

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Below find the TVI indicator I use now. The chart is simplified once again and, I think, for the better.

Candles are colored based on the direction of TVI. Those which move against TVI are not colored.

Candle colors are selectable and the width of the histogram may be changed to fit the compression of the chart.

There is an optional alert.

The current bar may change color in a jumpy market but there is no other repainting.

To install:

Put TVI.mq4 and TVI_Candles.mq4 in the yourmt4/experts/indicators folder.

Put ALF.tpl in the yourmt4/templates folder.

IMHO, no need for any other indicators, TVI or otherwise

And, of course, you will need ALF.mq4 - get it from post #1.

EDIT - had to reload TVI_Candles.mq4 - sorry for any inconvenience

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Great work LOUG on the new template... hope you keep posting your trades.

Rebel.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Thanks LouG

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Possible retracement EU M15 - if PA moves convincingly below 1.2800, I may re-enter short.

The very brave could have taken 20 pips or so on the countertrend...

--- 帖子 #696 ---
would you enter a trade on M15 chart so late in the London session?

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Probably not but yesterday the downtrend continued through the entire NY session.

Point is moot since volume has dropped off considerably - I'm through for the day, I guess.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
If you downloaded it please do it again - got the source code from the wrong folder - sorry for the inconvenience. corrected version is here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=701

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Really neat, Lou. I'm sure you've noticed how well this works alongside that system II link you recommended---short at 1.2876

Thank You!

--- 帖子 #700 ---
You're welcome. As you've observed, the retracement pattern is common to all trading methods.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Urantian can you post this link again, I must have missed it along the way

Thanks

[qute=Urantian;3699619]Really neat, Lou. I'm sure you've noticed how well this works alongside that system II link you recommended---short at 1.2876

Thank You![/quote]

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Ok so I am getting it then thank Lou

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Hi I would like to try your system. I use firefox to download but TVI candles won't show on charts. only get black and white. Please let me know how to fix.

Regards

--- 帖子 #704 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=80290

--- 帖子 #705 ---
thanx Lou ! the idea with candles is fantastic !

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Hi Lou G

Thanks for sharing these new indicators, really you are great !

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Hi, I am a newcomer to Forex trading and I am not sure whether I am reading this thread correctly.  Seems like the entry requirements have changed gradually since the first post.

I entered into a losing trade at 0000 GMT today.  My basic understanding (well, apparently misguided understanding) is that as the PA breaks on ALF on the up, we should take a look at the TVI line. In this case, I went long on GBP/USD at 0000 GMT.  Well, nastiness ensued.  Manually exited at -40 pips.

Would be grateful if some experienced old hands here could let me know what I did wrong in the picture attached here. I am pretty sure I completely misunderstand the rules somewhere.

(a)  Do you only trade when ALF and TVI are pointing in the same direction e.g. up or down?  I understand that someone mentioned that the best trade is when ALF is flat and TVI is at a good slope?

(b)  Do we need a full bar to settle below/above the ALF for a valid entry to take place?

If someone could let me know whether I need more filtering indicators here to make this system more robust, I would appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Hi Lou,

I am following this thread since the first post. Your system allows to make some profitable trades even a newbie like me. Your last template is awesome! Trading was never as easy. Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
is hard to read. Can you repost with an active chart? Please indicate where you entered/exited trade. It will be easier to help you. Using Lou's latest TVI Candles with template, signals are very clear.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Be sure you have followed the instructions in post #701 - check that indicators and template are where they should be:

Look in Navigator and verify that AdaptiveLaguerreFilter, TVI, and TVI_Candles are shown there.

Click the Templates icon (far right on toolbar) - is ALF there?

if no joy, post a chart so we can see what you are seeing...

--- 帖子 #711 ---
I suggest you trade EU on M15 with no more than a microlot until you get your sea legs. This method is simple but needs some experience to trade well.

Direction of ALF is not a factor - direction of PA (price action) is.

TVI is the primary indicator and gives direction - ALF filters that direction telling when to trade.

An open above/below ALF is generally a good sign.

Be aware of the overall trend and trade with it until you gain experience.

Avoid news times like the plague

--- 帖子 #712 ---
just before news release. Be careful - more news coming up...

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hi Lou G

I took it !! EU

Thank again for these indicators.http://content.sweetim.com/sim/cpie/...s/0002006E.gif

best regards

Gopsat

http://content.sweetim.com/tbsig/sig.asp?img=ad1

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Good - now don't forget the "be careful" part.

As Pippo has already pointed out, the rest of this week is problematic due to news releases and general mayhem for the Euro...

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Two good trades so far today - news in 5 minutes

--- 帖子 #716 ---
http://img59.imageshack.us/img59/9827/adsq.gif

i head "this feeling " ;d

Lou why you did not take long at 7 00?

--- 帖子 #717 ---
A few have asked why I do not take every trade - good question. I take those I "feel" will be successful. I am often wrong, but I persevere.

The chart shows results for today so far taking every short trade and associated exit "by the book".

--- 帖子 #718 ---
I tried to quote your last post but something strange about the way you are posting charts - could not get rid of the chart...

Anyway, the answer to your question is that I prefer not to take trades against the trend, especially on a busy news day.

To post chart:

File - Save As Picture - Active Chart (as is) - OK

then provide a name for the gif and put it where you can find it and upload that gif.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
There may be strong support at 1.2700 - just a thought.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
OK sir !

Thanks

--- 帖子 #721 ---
+75 pips

Great system Lou....thanks!

PS. I decided to keep it simple rather than mess around adding a bunch of indicators to this good simple system

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Nice to hear someone say that besides me

Excellent trade.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
mayby becaise i dont upload it as Attached  but to imageshack.us and then paste link using  Inserted Code [ IMG]http://....[ /IMG]
without space

ps Lou do you play now only eur/usd ? why?

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Please do it as I suggested - easier for you and for me and for FF.

EU has lower spread - not a great reason but it's how I think. That's not necessarily a good reason for others. Many trade GU, EY, etc. with no problem.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
"By the book" exit of previous trade. Some will say, "but you left pips on the table". This is true but I'm trying to show that you can trade this method with fairly rigid adherence to rules and still make a pip or two.

Rule says "exit at change of TVI direction or cross of ALF".

--- 帖子 #726 ---
I like the above chart Lou.  So what do you use for determining down trend ?

--- 帖子 #727 ---
I keep 3 iterations of the TVI line type indicator on my charts. 6, 9, and 12 5 settings. Helps me see where the trade has been, and where it is heading. This additional info allows me to discern better whether to take a trade or not when a signal occurs. On H4 chart at the close of 08:00 GMT hr. yesterday Eur/Usd TVI 6 6 5 changed bias from down to up and has remained so as of this posting. TVI 9 9 5 has undulated, barely perceptibly so, between up and down since close of 12:00 GMT, yesterday. These undulations are so slight, they may be the result of the way TVI is calculated and displayed. I think. The bias at this setting, as I write, with about 2 hrs. to go before candle close, is up. TVI 12 12 5 is still clearly down. From all of this I infer (not rocket science) that the rate of decline has slowed. Personally, I will be averse to taking additional shorts on H4 TF. I am now waiting for a reversal. Of course, ANYTHING is possible. Tomorrow...NFP.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
If you keep on winning every trade you will make a M15 trader out of me!!

--- 帖子 #729 ---
a Valid Alf / TVI trade but counter to the trend.

Entered Long on the close of the candle(that closed up) immediately after the candle that crossed the ALF signifcantly. This means there was some momentum.  TVI was moving upwards (green) but under zero line.   My exit plan was +20 pips which coinsides with previous support. So I was watching very carefully on a lower time frame (1 min) for price movement exhaustion. I almost exited at +15 pips, but decided to move stop to break even and wait for one more wave (on 1 minute).

Mark

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Lower highs and overall slope of ALF. Also, breaks through support. The usual stuff

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Don't confuse the newbies, Pippo  I don't win anywhere near that often - I just don't post the losers as I feel it's not instructive.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Good one - you are a brave man...

--- 帖子 #733 ---
just a feeble attempt at humor. pippo

--- 帖子 #734 ---
me too.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
i took +15

guess lucky me! :]

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Counter trend trades are for addrenalin junkies ... LOL .

I should mention I knew this was a risky trade and that my trade was 1/4 of my normal lot size.  I do not recomend counter trend trading to someone starting out.  There are enough pips when trading with the trend.  When I counter trend trade I fully expect to lose, this helps my mental attitude while in the trade.  I only take them when I know I can carefully monitor them.

Most of the time I like to pass on counter trend trades.  I am still working on forcing myself to pass on them.  Sometimes I go all "gambler" and take them anyway.

Mark

--- 帖子 #737 ---
I hate to make this the first post here Lou as your method seems very interesting. New (and old) traders are quite likely to learn even more from posting (some at least) losing trades.

Anyway I trade lower highs and higher lows with what I see as the right candles. I use an 8 lwma but the adaptive laguerre seems very interesting.

Once again pls do not take offence there's none intended.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
... based on Williams Fractals. I'll post this indicator below for the benefit of the less-experienced but I'm not making it a permanent part of ALF/TVI.

After using this for a while, you can see the SR levels in your mind's eye and do it without the indicator...

Whoops, forgot to post the chart:

--- 帖子 #739 ---
None taken - I think I have posted one or two losers but generally believe that those who are struggling need to see "do this" rather than "don't do this".

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Good - that's the way to do it. Counter-trend is difficult. See EllisEdi's post on the subject.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=745

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hi Lou and others, sorry if this is a stupid newbie question  but where can I check when exactly there are news to avoid trading during news?

--- 帖子 #742 ---
The main page of Forex Factory has the best news calender out there ...

http://www.forexfactory.com/

Mark

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Thanks a lot Mark

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Opening page at FF.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Market rejects drop below support...

--- 帖子 #746 ---
i took +12 here - it look like realy strong support here!

ps im traying to filter out it somehow. on 5min 200ema is great bellow seel above buy

so i think that ema 66 should be good at m15 (66*3 =~200)? check at history for me look good ... what do you guys think?

--- 帖子 #747 ---
seems a cool system. what kind of results u peeps been geting?

--- 帖子 #748 ---
E/U was at these levels on IBFX daily chart was 3/11/09, more than a year ago.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
A fast +25 in a VERY jumpy market - note close below support, enter on next bar, stay alert, don't get greedy...

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Here's where we are now

--- 帖子 #751 ---
London is closed - I'm hanging it up until tomorrow.

Thanks everyone for your participation. I hope you all made some pips today - it wasn't easy and Friday may be just as tough...

--- 帖子 #752 ---
of Fractal S/R and 6 pd. Price Channel on E/U H4 chart. FC in red, PC in gray. Newbies, don't be confused by this. It is just a curiosity. Best to stick to the simple, solid method that Lou demonstrates.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
I like it. Please excuse me. I'm off to buy an ALF T-shirt...EDIT: If I may, IMHO, if I interpret the chart correctly, this bodes well for the continuing success of ALF/TVI trading. Please correct me if I am wrong.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
I certainly hope you're right.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
LouG thank you very much for this awesome system.

1 question though since i am newbe here and i dont think i can attach anything.

i was using the euro/CHF and was doing fine by using 1 lot sell. made around 30 pips and sold. then around 14.30 GMT it gave an indication to buy. since the line went into green.

however at 20.30 the green line went into red again, but when the green line was active of TVI2 .the bars actually never went up but further down

so why didnt TVI2 suggested a red line instead of giving a green line? because now i lost 100 pips.

not that it actually matters. using demo account  but just curious why it happened.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
fast +15 from the morning

--- 帖子 #757 ---
HI Lou G, just took a trade just for fun EURUSD, made 3 pips. Think it's much simpler and easier (was struggling with the previous set-up, as i'm a newbie & idiot in trading). I love the alert!. Guess you are having an idiot-proof set-up here, just like the idiot-proof camera.

Thanks Lou

Raymondetc

--- 帖子 #758 ---
I bought at close of 08:00 GMT hr. at 1.2731. SL 1.2611. TP 1.2887. Looks like US employment stats news release is unfavorable for my trade.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Indecision on the part of traders?

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Strange day - mixed US economic news (new jobs and unemployment rate both up), no joy for the EU.

I may not trade today - NFP Friday is my least-favorite day of the month...

--- 帖子 #761 ---
I dislike the entire NFP week. Typically trade .50 normal pos. size. M15 traders have not profited from this down move since news release?

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Has EU bottomed out?

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Manhattan experiencing a light, but steady chop.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Hey there trade4fun,

I have a couple of questions ...

It always helps to post a chart of setups, do you have one?

Are you watching for signals on a 15 minute chart? If so, 100 pips is probably way to much for a stop exit. This system in its base form is to be a 10 - 20 pip stop exit (when on EUR/USD) for the EUR/CHF I would guess it is the same or maybe less right now because the EUR/CHF daily range is smaller than the EUR/USD. Also price swing about the same as EUR/USD (30 - 60 pips per swing).

Warning my opinion---

The EUR/CHF has been ranging for quite a bit with big breakouts. Most candles have been under 10 pips or bigger than 30 pips. This is a warning to me that it might be better to switch currencies until candle size is not so radical and things calm down a bit in the EUR/CHF. there are also a bunch of news events for the EUR right now that is not normal financial news (i.e. Greece bail outs and stuff like that) If you are not following that entire situation carefully you could be on the wrong side of a trade when they decided to announce something unscheduled. Other pairs such as EUR/USD are still effected by the situation but also have many other factors to help balance the price movement.

End my opinion---

Now, as to the indicator. The TVI is an average of trading volume (ticks). Because the total of ticks is not permanent until the close of the bar, this TVI is calaculated at every tick during that bar and can and will change during the life of that bar. The TVI2 indicator actually calls the TVI indicator to get the value and then maps either a red color or a green color in the proper point. Now based on the way MT4 refreshes automatically, most code does not force a screen update when a new value is produced, therefore the value will get updated but not the color graphic. When the auto screen update runs the color should update. I have noticed a bug in the screen update and occasionally the color does not get updated until a screen update is forced. This can be done by reapplying a template or doubling cllicking on an indicator and clicking on the ok button.

I have kind of summarized the issue here since you are probably not a programmer.

There is a solution, but it would involve re-writing the indicator to include a forced screen refresh. The side effect to this is a slower trading platform and a kind of flicker. I have been told by metaquotes that this is fixed in the upcoming MetaTrader 5.

I had planned on playing with these indicator, but i have not had enough time as of yet and with an easy workaround (manually refresh) the need has noty been great.

Mark

PS

In the basic version of this this system, the TVI is supposed to indicate which direction you should enter  Green = long  red = short.  The actual entry is supposed to be based on price crossing the ALF.  I suggest rereading lou's posts in the thread to make sure you have the system correct.

Mark

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Hey all,

A Quick +20 pips.  I took this trade because price bounced down off of the ALF, TVI was in the proper direction.  I realized I was trading into a previous support but the support area was big enough that with the news still driving price I could squeeze out +20 pips on a valid signal.  Also my target profit was still above the round number 1.2650, this increased my chance of success as well because the EUR/USD likes to test most of the "50" areas.

Mark

--- 帖子 #766 ---
beforehand, I will close my Eur/Usd trade at 16:00 GMT, barring some kind of miraculous reversal of PA. EDIT: Stopped at 1.2611. See you Monday.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
I wonder, could the refresh problem have something to do with what release of MT4 is being used (and who it was downloaded from)?

I spent many days with the indys running on demo for hours at a time during the development phase and never saw problems like this, in fact I just put TVI_2color back on my chart after reading your post and watched it go through a direction change just fine.

I'm trying to encourage members to move to the new candle-oriented version - haven't seen any refresh problems it that so far either.

I know you to be a more accomplished C coder than I, so any suggestions you may have are appreciated.

Best,

Lou

--- 帖子 #768 ---
EllisEdi's post regarding possible refresh problems troubles me - here's a repost of the indicators in question.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
I am running metatrader with different brokers and have the problems with the tvi 2 color and histogram too. The tvi candles and vertical signal lines work fine.  These candles are just perfect as they clean up your chart.....

Thanks Lou for that, it's a great gift!

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Sorry, my response to your post was non-responsive - I just woke up, booted my machine and was not quite awake yet.

As I said in my reply to EllisEdi, I have not seen refresh problems such as you described. Try reloading the indicators in question from post #773 and let me know if your problem gets solved...

Better yet, here are the actual executables - download and copy to yourmt4/experts/indicators along with the source code from post #773.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Lou,

Your MT4 code is clean and well written and is written as it should be. The bug I think is in MT4. BTW, On my platform the bug does fix itself after a bit.

I am using version 4 build 255 from FXDD. Only rarely have I seen any hickups in displaying the color. (Attached is an example of a drawing issue for the histogram indicator.) By adding a WindowRedraw(); command it forces MT4 to redraw the objects. I have not tried this for long (just put in the line this morning) so i am not sure if this will fix it.

i.e.

WindowRedraw();

DoAlerts(i);

As for the question that trade4fun asked, the question was a little unclear to me and I made a couple of assumptions I probably should not have.

Instead of speculating I will wait till he re-posts

Mark

--- 帖子 #772 ---
yes it hapends

there are some bugs

start using tvi candles - woorking ok

or if you wanna stay at histo etc ehen you see shit like this on tour chart just reload the template and it will fix tbe errors for a while

ps im still looking for some filter

i checkd f/e moving avagree in color best for me was 6-8 period at h1 and take shots on 15min only in direction/color of that ma in colour..

but now i see that this sma on 1h give me same results as the ema 66 on 15min ;p

did somebody found something interesting about filter?

regards and have nice weekend!

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Aha, I've seen that before! The drawing error you show is caused by the way MT4 calculates the max/min of the indicator window - if you check the actual values of the histo and the 2color in data window, you will see they are both the same. If you change the TF of the chart it will correct itself. WindowRedraw may not remedy this.

You are correct - it is an MT4 oddity (hate to say error - Slawa gets testy)

--- 帖子 #774 ---
thanks for your reply.

let me show you the picture in question. i am attaching it right now. hope it works.

as you can see between the 2 red lines. tvi_2 produces a green line. however in this case the buy would have been a lost.

again just curious why it happen. because the indicator is pretty good overall in the M15 timeframe.

also a small idea of mine would be, if there is a timeframe say between 2 or 4 hours where the currency value aint changing much. would it not be a a good idea to give an orange line? to show your entering a dangerzone? that way your sure that if you entering now either sell or buy you could lose.

again i am just a newbee in this. and have no idea if it is good or not. just an observation.

anyway back to learning mql4 programming.

trying to finnish my first indicator

--- 帖子 #775 ---
There is no signal to buy in the area you indicate - a buy signal would only exist if PA rose clearly above ALF.

Also, in an overall downtrend such as the one shown, it would be VERY risky to trade counter-trend.

See post #564 for an explanation of ALF, TVI and PA.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
IMHO there is no better filter than ALF - there are a few that are almost as good but you're certainly welcome to keep searching...

--- 帖子 #777 ---
yeah i get that there is no 100% working filter;]

i checkd over 30 indi and 50 types of MA width diffrent lenght/price/mode

always we miss some good treids or we get in to some wrong trade...

there is nathing beter then the alf ant your expirience ;]

gues practice make masters;]

--- 帖子 #778 ---
behind the curve and rather eccentric with my set-up, but I just love these tools.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Hi your set up with the tvi indi, how do you get the 3 lines my tvi and tvi 2 colour only generate 1 line?

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
put 3 copies in same indy window. ALF template using TVI Candles is preferred modus operandi. Signals are very clear. See post #697.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
What settings do you use for the three and why? I tried to set it up for MTF, example on hr chart put on at 12,12,5, and one 6,6,5, thinking one shows for 1hr and one for 30 min but does not seem to work that way

--- 帖子 #782 ---
All works now thanks

--- 帖子 #783 ---
6 6, 9 9, and, 12 12 5. I trade in the direction of TVI 9 9 5. When 9 9 5 slope is not easily discernable, the other 2 are used to help decide the issue. The TVI signal lines Lou provided make this configuration obsolete, so this is probably just another case of indicator overload on my part.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
this morning, I see that the train has left the station without me. Friday's stopped trade now appears even more costly. Conventional wisdom...good moves don't develop from Sunday candles...bah! Too soon old. Too late smart.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Thanks. A few very nice set ups today.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Those able to trade the early part of the London session should have made pips today - I was late to the party (so far).

--- 帖子 #787 ---
+30 and +50 on two different trades

I could post my charts, but there is nothing much to see....price goes through ALF with some conviction......TVI is in agreement.....simple ....simple.

I am done for the day.....I figure 80 pips is a pretty good day, and although I am sure there will be lots of other opportunites today.....there will also be lots tomorrow....and the next day.

Lou....thanks!! Although this is not the only system I use.....I sure like this one.

PGPB

--- 帖子 #788 ---
using Lou's TVI candles. TP was 1.2848 and has been reached as I write. I waited for a price below prev. swing low, so good for only 24 pips.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Short at 1.2898 (as soon as candle went red, didn't wait for close) - +50 pips in no time flat.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
That's the spirit - take what the market gives you, don't be greedy

--- 帖子 #791 ---
for European Union economy. Euro blown here and there.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
I followed the rules and still made my +20 pips quick.

I was a bit concerned with the lack of news today (other than US supreme court nomination) and the fact that price has not yet closed the gap from sunday.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Lou G

I have been following this thread daily, and i am following your posts,  to learn from you.

i like your indicators and i am trading with them in a demo account.

started last week with 500 usd and i have now 908 (1 loss 6 wins).

But i really want to ask you if you intend to create a "visual arrow  indicator" as an alert to enter a trade, like you did in post 790.

Sorry my english.

Thank u.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
M15 trading? What has the world come to?

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Each break through support is a possible trading opportunity.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
while waiting for the main course...

--- 帖子 #797 ---
your chart above...Just why I waited to enter. Price Channel and Fractal S/R.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Lou, tanks for sharing your sistem, it looks to be very simple. I´m tradin oil with your tools.

I notice that your sistem can be refine with momo scalpin  (15m, H1), (Boris schlossberg book, google it...)  TVI cross can be confirmed with Macd cross after retraces. it looks to be promissing... lets see. what pairs you trade?

tanks again

bruunoalves

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Hi Bruno.....oh you have me intrigued....I have that Boris Scchlossberg book somewhere....hmmm....I will need to dig it out....I remember taking notes about "momo"

PGPB

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Had a great day, Lou G! Thanks!

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Not surprising that ALF works well with oil - John Ehlers, the developer of ALF, is primarily a futures trader.

Thanks for posting and opening a new opportunity.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Hi Lou,

What indi is the red/green line post#796 ?

Thanks

Blue

EDIT: found it...right in front of my nose .

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Does anyone see value added by their presence on the chart?? TVI cross?? Qu'est-ce que c'est??

--- 帖子 #804 ---
I am trying to get used to the new TVI Candles Indicator (Great job Lou  ).

Here is my second trade.

Review, Standard ALF /TVI entry, broke ALF, TVI in correct direction, broke support, broke london close. I was worried about price having moved up 280+ pips, then down that same amount, but the Greecian Bailout news is pretty big and the sunday gap has not yet closed, and since my target is just below the 1.2800 price and I have noticed that when price on EUR/USD approaches a big round number like that price likes to break through a bit and then retest before going one way or another, I figured I could get my +20 pips.

Mark

PS - this is out of my normal trading time.

PPS - Aparently there was a FOMC annoucement on US dollar and Bank of Japan liquidity swap.  I missed that completly and FF added the event to the news calendar after the fact.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Nope not at all.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
this now. Sell at close of 16:00 GMT hr. at 1.2786 (1.2797, I was late.). SL 1.3003. TP 1.2622. ANYTHING can happen.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
gap has been filled. Now what??

--- 帖子 #808 ---
I'm thinking your question just may be rhetorical--but I'd say the market is in big time turmoil and it's anybodys' guess

--- 帖子 #809 ---
hello pippo, would u mind to post the 1st indi plz? Thx

--- 帖子 #810 ---
at 1.2707. Why?? Intense agita (pure science!!). PA will now find direction and make a bee line to what was my TP. Driftwood, all indicators are already posted.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
My first trade with this setup, hope i have follow all rules well????

--- 帖子 #812 ---
hello again pippo, I clik on papperclip at top of page and look at 6 pages but not see macd histogram. My FXDD mt4 no has macd histogram just 2 lines. Thx for any help plz.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
are not posted in this thread. I put them on the chart for illustration purposes only. I assumed you were referring to an indicator used in this method. Search,"Macd True," at FF. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Thx

--- 帖子 #815 ---
A Classic Alf/TVI trade in Progress

Once +10 pips I set the trade to a stop exit of Break even since News is upcoming and price momentum has stalled a bit.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Hi Lou G

What is the new indicator you are using in post #796, lt's very interesting,

Can you share it please ?

Kind regards

gopsat

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Stoppped out for +0 pips.

My stops are probably too tight... with news being so minor.

Mark

--- 帖子 #818 ---
What if game .... (lol)

If I had stayed with the basic rules (10 pip stop, 20 pip tp), my trade would have been back in profit now. And would have closed when price hit my target of 1.2741.

LESSON :
Stick to the rules ...

Mark

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Fractal_SR.mq4 - already posted. You must have missed it...

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Well done - you picked the right place to enter. I'm not going to trade today - didn't sleep well and just not sharp enough for all this volatility.

I'll watch and replay to questions/comments.

Good trading, all.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Looks just fine to me.

Not necessary to have multiple TVI indicators - candles alone is plenty but it's your setup - keep 'em if you want

--- 帖子 #822 ---
This is my first post. I've been following this thread, thanks for sharing your system LouG! I've taken a few demo trades - all winners. Tried my first live trades yesterday.

First would have been a winner if I hadn't chickened out and taken an 8 pip loss! Second got stopped out and in hind sight was probably a poor choice.

I then had a couple of winners, one +12 pips during the Asian session and one (attached) +15 during the NY session this morning.

It's a fun system, but patience and nerves are a must

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Yes, patience and nerves are a must to trade Forex at all, especially on such an erratic day.

Hang in there and put in the screen time - it's really an easy method to trade if you wait for good setups (like the one you posted).

Take profits early in jumpy markets, let trades run in trending markets.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Hi Lou

What are your thoughts on the various time frames?

I will often use moving average or two to help me decide which way the market is moving.......I look as high as the 4 hour and I decide on which way the market is moving and then only take trades in that direction

Then I switch to the ALF/TVI method on the one hour and then down to the 15 minute chart to take trades.

Today I moved down to the 5 minute today.....but I am starting to think the 5 minute candles might be a bit too jumpy for my liking

How low do you go for entries?

PGPB

--- 帖子 #825 ---
PGPB,

I've been trading lower timeframes with a fair amount of success using post 1 rules as can be seen on the pics below.I only trade 6.30 - 8.00 gmt so can't vouch what its like throughout other times during the day. have been following the thread avidly from the start but not posting due to not using Lou's recommended 15min timeframe.

Regards

doc,

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Thank you Dr.Scalpall.Can you share MTF_Linear Price indicator?

--- 帖子 #827 ---
I started out on M15 confirmed by H1 but, as I gained experience trading the method live (since the inception of this thread), I've moved to using only the M15. I find the M5 jumpy as well but I am not a scalper - perhaps someone else could make the M5 work just fine.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
EllisEdi read his posts  in this thread and LOU to get a  feel for this system and understanding patience and analysis of how and why they trade.Of course dont trade with large margin. in my opinion DEMO trade or trade nano lots like .10 cents so you wont get extra pressure on yourself.

also be careful trading at BIG news. forexfactory has NEWS dates.hang in there good luck.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Scalping on 5min with ALF and VMA trigger line MACD confirmation.

I use ALf plus variable moving average on 5 minute charts for scalping with VMA (Variable Moving Average) as trigger line.  VMA is the yellow line on my chart. Wait for VMA to cross ALF and enter at market. Use MACD for final confirmation ie MACD trigger on same side as VMA. Works well, just traded AUD in Asian market for nice win. Notice that VMA even told me which way breakout would occur in pennant formation. (It stayed under ALf so breakout expected to downside.)

Not sure how to attach VMA to post but you can find it on forex-strategies-revealed and forex-tsd. ALF rules.

Pips to all

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Just worked out how to attach indicators. Not hard at all! Here are the VMA and the MACD I use.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Hi Cural,

The indicator you request is the Mtf-tvi indicator posted earlier in this thread (http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=3589153) (hope the link works!!) which is available from the paperclip on top right of this page.

Settings for wch are 8,8,5,15

Regards

Doc.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Today is so wishy washy in such a tight range (40+ pips at the time I wrote this).  Looks like I can clean the garage today ... LOL

Mark

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Golf dome? Maybe, if it's still open - too cold here to swing a club outdoors.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
HI Doc

I understand the MTF ALF

Can you explain how the MTF TVI works?

I have installed it (overlayed on the TVI histogram), (see imagee) but I don't understand how to read what it is saying

Thanks!

PGPB

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Hello,  it would be interesting to have TVI 2 color MTF.

Does anyone want to build it?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #836 ---
What's causing this sudden posting of indicators that have nothing to do with the simple method I created? Anyone who thinks that adding more indicators will make their losing trades disappear is on the wrong thread...

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Lou G

Thanks for setting up this method and providing so much support! This has really helped me develop a better feel for PA, S/R and trading in general. I have consistently made profits with this in demo and have a real confidence boost.

I've listened to the tips, especially 'don't be greedy!' and I successfully rode last Thursday's drop making about 80% of the move (again, all just demo here).

Again, just thanks a ton!

Kerst

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Lou, would you share with me how to configure mt4 to auto-set your stop loss?

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Hi PGPB, I only use the mtf tvi to give me an idea of the what the tvi is doing on the next upper timeframe, yes it can be a nice move if there is good cross of the tvi's (but don't forget that more often than not they havn't crossed when you take the trade, you take the trade because PA has crossed ALf if you get what I mean??). Likewise, if the tvi's are well apart and I get a signal off the lower tvi that would make them seperate further, I may be a little more conservative in my TP level.

hope this helps,

"Screentime" as Lou states is the key to mastering this sytem if anybody should be in any doubt as to what the candles are telling you that is.

Regards

Doc.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
I think people just can't help themselves. Everyone says they want a simple, elegant method that makes money (like your's for instance) but deep down they don't trust simple. They must add complexity in order to feel they can understand a complex market. It just can't be so simple that two indicators can do the job. They are missing that a great deal of work went into designing those two indicators and they are designed to work beautifully together.

I've been following your method since I discovered it when it was in the middle of Page 2 of this thread and it is both simple to use and profitable. In science when a theory really comes together, many refer to it as Elegant. Clean, concise and functional; your method is indeed elegant.

Thank you for sharing.

Dick

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Lou,

Ditto to dicks message above.

Lou, Is there a possibility of an E-mail option as part of the signal on the Tvi change.

Regards

Doc.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
2 Trades for today got very good downside ride.... Thnx for this method.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
I am at times guilty of this. I add indicators which I know, in the back of my mind, are simply, redundant. Just trying to,"make sure." This is a reaction to a fear of loss...Of course, we must be prudent with our entries/exits, but layering our charts with indicators does not necessarily serve this end. Personally, in addition to the ALF/TVI signal, I like to see a break of a fractal, or Price Channel H/L as evidence of meaningful P/A. This may not be entirely necessary, but has served me well in the past, and I am reluctant to let go of it.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Ho hum

:-)

You know I hardly ever lose with this system, it is kind of scarey!

Time to notch up the amount traded

Thanks Lou....and thanks for reminding us to keep this as indicator free as possible. I know I have TVI candles *AND* TVI histogram....but I kinda like to see the shape of the histogram

PGPB

--- 帖子 #845 ---
I seem many times to lose - like this one -20  Do I do wrong?

--- 帖子 #846 ---
if you could show your trade on the screenshot we can see your entry and exit.

The way to do this is to go into account history.

Right click on the trade and drag it up on to the screen and you will see a red dotted line showing your entry and exit.

(see my post where I have the trade shown)

I often move down to the 5 minute chart for entries.....although most of the time I am looking at 15 minute charts.

a 20 pip stop is maybe a bit tight.....hard to say since I don't know your entry.....but you would likely be in profit right now if you had held the trade

PGPB

--- 帖子 #847 ---
I am use MT4 for ALF charts not for to trade. Entry 1.2552 same candle exit 1.2572. I wait passed USA news. Look red arrow and line I post on pic above. Thx pgpb. I hope I can do good as u soon.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
I think that was addressed in an earlier post - you need one line of code added to the TVI indicator and you must set up MT4 with your email info.

Not sure which post it was but the explanation was pretty clear - I will add it to TVI candles when I get time or you can do it if you know how.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Hi Driftwood

Who do you use to trade?

I know some folks use these "spread betting" sites ...I have never really looked into the pros and cons. (I guess this is off topic for the thread)

I did notice your little red arrow......after I posted my response to you.

I have just been lucky......also I have lots and lots of screen time, so perhaps I am developing a feel for things. I think when it comes right down to things there is often an intuition involved.....we can follow the rules, but at times the market looks like it is going to fall further.....or at other times the market looks undecided....it is hard for me to put that into words as to what I am seeing.

This month trades have really been going my way.......I really like Lou's method. Lou, thanks again!

PGPB

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Entry at the arrow - exit at color change (or earlier if you're paying attention) equals at least 20 pips...

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Same trade I post Lou - I losing coz I waiting candle closed to enter.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Here is my 2nd trade for today... I m using pivot level's with it and it is working greatly.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Pip26, would you be willing to post your pivot indicator? I like how it lists the levels with numbers in the margin rather than lines all over the chart. Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Here it is

--- 帖子 #855 ---
@Lou

if it is not a problem

when you will have a time

can you update the tvi candles to they remembour width set in settings?

defoult it is set to 5 but when i wana see more charts and use zoom out width 5 look fat and because they do not remembour settings when i save a templare i have to manualy change it at every chart that i load

even when i change from m15 to h1 for a while they are fat again

thanx a lot!

edit

ok i edited the mq4

i didnt known that it can be that easy;]

regards

--- 帖子 #856 ---
The Al Brooks book is a classic......it is not an easy read, but he is an amazing trader

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Another quick 13pips on GBP/USD and 12 on EUR/USD using m15 with visual confirmations on m5 and m1 before the trade.

Did I leave another 10-15 pips on the table? Yes...but I'm practicing not being greedy, and being steady until I am better at it.

I'm getting the hang of this!

Kerst

--- 帖子 #858 ---
yes it is HARD book

i think i will read this one or mayby 2 times more - too much informations for only one read

anyway back to topic

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Hello Dr. Scalp,

your chart is interesting.  the MTF indicator you mentioned does not appear in the indicator window when I try to duplicate your chart.  Instead it posts in the Price Action window.  Any suggestions ?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
add it by dragging and dropping it where you want it.

PGPB

I played with the MTF TVI indi...but decided to keep my charts clean.....note what Lou says about too many indicators

--- 帖子 #861 ---
I appreciate what you are saying, it seems we are talking about something else.  Look at Dr. Scalps chart in the indicator section.  The indicator he overlayed with TVI is the one I am talking about

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Yes....I think you mean the MTF TVI

If you check the paperclip (Top right hand corner) you will see all the indi posted.

I have quickly recreated what he has.

See image (the bars in this image are heinken ashi) by the way

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Just drag the mtf tvi in the indicator window, that should work.

pbb

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Thanks  man.

I did not have the TVI software installed yet.  The reason I got confused is that the indicator on the chart says MTF_Linear Price Bars, but the indicator itself has a different name such as tvi-MTF.

Anyway, I got it now.  I was trying to evaluate it and I saw that the point where the MTF-tvi crosses the color TVI is inconsistent.  As you scroll the chart, the point of cross changes.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
I don't use the MTF TVI

I do look at higher levels and then decide in which direction I am going to trade, but then I use just the ALF, the TVI Histogram....and my experience with price action.

I have also installed pivot points on my chart ....but aside from that I keep it simple.

PGPB

--- 帖子 #866 ---
The reason the cross changes when scrolling is due to Different max and min settings of the two indicators.

If you select a zero level for each of the indicators you will see that there are two zero levels on your sub chart.

Pat

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Ok all, Just the candles from now on,Took this one an hour ago off the 5min, (Don't worry the signal was there also on the 15min!!). Took the trade based on the fact that there had only been two red candles out of the last twenty nine and a post from lou a few pages back where he took a trade from the tvi signal but without pa crossing alf. hindsight tells me I should have placed it on the real account not just the demo.I have also just run it back through the simulator on 15min, Signal would have happened at 1.2544 and would have still been good for net 20pips. It also begs the question why I look at 5min timeframe (habit I suppose) when I only took 20 pips then bottled out and closed it, Therefore no extra benefit and less arse whippings!!!.

regards

doc.

p.s. Before anybody asks why I didn't take the following signals, It's because if I see any lively action with big candles and i've missed them , then I wait for the market to calm down a bit before taking trades again, which sadly takes me out of my trading times so nothing now untill Monday. Have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
15 min bars are a bit quick for an old man, but I've found it works very well on 1hr bars, means I can go & do things for an hour at a time

Many thanks Lou

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Hi,

Just wanted to say thanks for a great strategy.

Ive only been trading for a couple of days with it but with great success on the 5min chart, i found adding a Macd with divergence indicator really helps identify changes in trend, ive added the indicator to this post if anybody else would like to use it.

Mark

--- 帖子 #870 ---
HI

Very interesting, Renko 10 + TVI candles. Renko candles are white/grey, TVI green/red. Added Center of Gravity, PSAR 0.09/0.2, Pivots.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
yes i found it to on m15 its no need but on m5 it works well

what settings do you use?

ps. here is version 1.1

--- 帖子 #872 ---
on H4 charts. Only ALF, and TVI candles necessary. NO Macd, NO MTF confirmation, NO COG, NO PSAR, NO MAs, NO Pivot Points, NO Amulets, fingers crossed, or hiding under the bed. Just following, robotically, the signals. Thanks Lou for this simple and effective method. People, if you are afraid to lose a trade, your pos. size is too large for your psyche. Reduce pos. size until you feel little or no tension with active trades. FWIW, I trade no more than .5% of acct. bal. per pos., max 2% over 4-6 pos.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Good advice and excellent results, as usual.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
If you can't make pips on setups like this...

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Your post should be made a sticky

PGPB

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Very choppy but large swings - be fast on your feet in conditions like these and DO NOT get greedy.

20 to 40 pips a day will make your account very fat over time...

--- 帖子 #877 ---
When you see a large candle like this forming, trade as soon as it goes red - can't wait when market is this active. You can make your entire daily profit in one fast trade.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
To take this to the extreme, say you went long at each of the red arrows - the first two went south and caused a loss of 12-15 pips as PA returned to ALF so you are -30 or so. The third trade returns +50, leaving you at +20.

And then there's the following short trade

--- 帖子 #879 ---
ALF, TVI candles and the all-important PA. I'd like to see more traders using the TVI candles, not to gratify my ego but to help everyone stay more focused on PA.

You may use whatever version of TVI you wish, of course, but I find the TVI candles a big help.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
what people fail to realize is the definition of ALF and TVI and it's role . It replaces the need of other indicators like  volume, oscillators, moving average etc.... Im not saying if one realizes the "definition" more than that is all you need for this system.  In my opinion if one cloud LOU's system with too many indicators then it defeats the purpose of testing the system.  However, do what feels right for you  but understanding why and how it  works helps.

Also, it helps to learn intermarket relationships as to "WHY" the market is moving. I'm not not an expert but I feel more confident in trading overall using LOU system and I try to trade using no indicators but thats' a different story. THat will take some time for me.

" ALF the blue line on screen functions as a continuously self-adjusting overbought/oversold line.  Buy when price goes above the line, sell when price goes below (similar  to a Stochastic except that ALF is both the 20 and the 80)"

TVI   measures the relationship between incoming ticks for a given volume.  If upticks outnumber downticks the TVI rises, and vice-versa. from LOU's first page

--- 帖子 #881 ---
... in response to requests, here's a version of TVI_Candles that will (hopefully) send email at the change in direction of TVI.

SendAlert and SendEmail must both be set to "true".

Let me know if it works

See MT4 help for instructions on setting up email.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Thanks for the update, i used default settings, how about you?

Mark

--- 帖子 #883 ---
but why I like to keep Price Channel on my chart(as an indicator of PA), even though one can trade quite successfully without it. At times the entries can come a bit late. Only two trades during same time interval, both winners.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Exalted leader my a**

--- 帖子 #885 ---
It's Friday - think about winding down as London closes (an hour from now).

--- 帖子 #886 ---
below 1.2400!!!???

--- 帖子 #887 ---
thanks Lou G for your system. Could someone tell me what mean the white and the black candle.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Way to go - small bites where you can get them add up.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
You're welcome. Also works well on H4 and (I am reliably informed) D1 though I prefer not to hold trades overnight.

Be patient, wait for good-looking setups in the direction of the larger trend.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Hello guys,

I am not trading this system and not intending to trade it. Just stopped by to say that TVI Histogram is one of the best indicators that I have lately found in FF where I am permanently looking for new ideas.

I use the indicator instead of MACD. My settings for current timeframe are 8, 8, 5 and I always have a higher timeframe version on my charts with settings 64, 64, 40.

Wish you all the best!

--- 帖子 #891 ---
I'm glad you're finding it useful. Check out ALF while you're at it; like you, I'm always open to new ideas and it's the best thing I've found in a long time.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
I checked ALF but it is not speaking to me  I love Supertrend.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Thanks Pat - one can only depend on the crossing of two or more lines in the indicator window under certain circumstances and this ain't them. It's a minor bug in MT4...

--- 帖子 #894 ---
I have been a making my tons of pips on EUR and GBP on 4 hr have not lost yet, but thats a trending market....

--- 帖子 #895 ---
I said this in post  #684   , also say if I close out a short at plus 130-150 pips, I will wait for a 4 hour candle or two to close up then the next one that is a down candle I may reshort, meaning as long as it moves away from afl and TVI is still down, I will go again or add more if I did not exit all the way, with out it crossing up the ALF then back down.

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Lou or anybody else

can you check the tvi candles for diffrent settings?

for me they are always showing 8 8 5 settings

try to change it to anythung lets say 24 24 5

and on my chart there is no change? still showing 8 8 5 ?

can somebody check?

regards

edit

yes there was a litle bug   it was set up HARD to 8 8 5 and dont use "r s u" value drawing candles

Lou i hope you don't mind nothing  against  - here its a last (with emails) fixed version for any settings

--- 帖子 #897 ---
See Lou's post #796 for suggested re-entry technique. Of course, this is not the only way, but certainly worthy of consideration. Typically, I use a break of 6 pd. Price Channel for re-entry.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
I don't get it - the indicator you posted is exactly the same as the one I originally posted. Parameters for call to TVI are NOT hard coded - they may be changed by the user.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
no Lou

in version i have had in line 55 and 56 was from post 886

TVI1 = iCustom(NULL,0,"TVI",8,8,5,0,i);

TVI2 = iCustom(NULL,0,"TVI",8,8,5,0,i+1);

instead of

TVI1 = iCustom(NULL,0,"TVI",r,s,u,0,i);

TVI2 = iCustom(NULL,0,"TVI",r,s,u,0,i+1);

Am I  right?

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Thanks for pointing that out, will concider that, although I think sometimes you must be a bit faster when working with 4hr charts

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Yes you are - my mistake.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
New on this forum, very first post,

I want to use it to thank Lou for this brilliant system.

It's simple and effective, I tested it demo this morning on the 5M and then I have done a real trade on the EU +9 pip in about 2 minutes. Could have done more than 30 pips easily, just pointing to the 38% fib.

I'll post the chart asap.

Have a good day

Lorenzo

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Hi Lou G

Can u post your latest template and also what tf do u use?

thanks

--- 帖子 #904 ---
All that is necessary attached below - I use M15 - others use M5 to H4, works well on all.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
thanks Lou G for your system. Could you tell me what  the white  and the black candle mean(on top of Red and Green) Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
was produced on H4 TF at close of 08:00 GMT hr. I have not taken it. Fear of aftershocks will keep me sitting on my hands for a while.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
I sense a certain reluctance among members new to this thread to go back to old posts (much less the beginning of the thread). Can't say I blame them - therefore, I have posted the indicators and template in their current state in post #905.

Copy the three indicators to yourmt4/experts/indicators.

Copy the template to yourmt4/templates.

Go back a few pages and review posted trades - method is fairly self-explanatory after you put in some screen time.

Go long when candle is green and above ALF, short when red and below ALF, be very careful if you choose to trade counter-trend.

If you are unsure of the trend, compare the position of  ALF at the left edge of your chart to the current position - that's the trend. It can be higher, lower or about the same. If about the same and PA is cycling back and forth through ALF, the market is ranging (rather than trending) and will require caution.

Exit trades when candles change color, or when current candle recrosses ALF.

I use 20 pip stop on M15 - longer TF requires larger stop - use good judgement.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
yes Lou we known this is great;]

i ask myself why other pepoul including me adding more indi etc

it is just very hard to belive for new treaders like me that it can be that easy! and they dont like hold trades this long (on 15min tf it is almoust always >1.5 / 2h)

they wanna find a way to make some money in just couple of min..

i need to be more patient ! mayby i should start some yoga or something;]

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Start slow, be content with small profits (and small losses) at first until you acquire the "feel" of the method.

ALF/TVI is NOT 100% mechanical - requires some trading smarts that can only be gained with time and experience.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
I still think that TVI_Histogram is visually better and more effective than TVI_2. It is very very similar to MACD. You can use 4 colours and also notice if the histo is under or above 0.

The settings 8,8,5 are very good for TVI but I would suggest to have also another one with 64,64,40 on the chart. Then you see what is going on at higher TF.

NB! This picture is only for illustrative purposes. I do not use ALF. Instead, I use TVI in combination with Andrew Forex indicators - supertrend and nonlagdot.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Hi everybody,

I took this first trade on EURUSD. I lost it. I entred on TVI candle red closing below ALF. When I entred TVI candle and TVI histogram were red. Now u can notice that TVI histogram was green when I entred short.

Is TVI histgram re-painting. Settings on both are 8,8,5

Thanks

--- 帖子 #912 ---
New traders (and not-so-new traders) are often insecure and experience anxiety and fear when opening a trade - this is normal (see Trading In The Zone by Mark Douglas, often recommended here).

Many attempt to dispel this natural anxiety by adding more indicators in the belief that, if enough indicators point up or down, their trade will be more certain of success. IMHO, this isn't true.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
RE: posts #905-908

Here's a good setup. Trend is up (current ALF higher than at left side of chart) - go long at the arrow, already good for 20-25 pips (more if you were paying attention).

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Entered later than on Lou's chart but still ran for +20 pips.

Short term Uptrend (from London session mostly), break of previous resistance. Target at round number and I have observed that price usually over runs round number a bit before re-testing and deciding which way to go. ( yes I have said this before but i use this observation in my decision process)

Mark

--- 帖子 #915 ---
No, there is no repainting. The current bar can change color as PA moves - this is normal and not "repainting".

You chose to enter counter-trend (current trend is up - notice the profusion of green candles and ALF position) and took a loss. Always best to trade WITH the trend.

There is no need for multiple TVI's - the setup in post #905 is all that's necessary.

Something is wrong with your TVI settings - see the attached chart

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Candles show in normal color when they move opposite of TVI.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
A couple of reasons why I did not take that 8am NY session Short signal.

1.  The short signal candle closed down over an upwards sloping TVI line.  This is because the short term trend was up.  This means it would have been a counter trend trade.  The short signal candle was not big enough to me to indicate strong shortable price action. (A judgement call)

2.  Another reason is news related.  When there is 9am NY session news, I tend to stay out of the market untill after the release.  I do not always apply this guideline, but after some pretty good price movement from both the Asian (+125 pips mostly short) and the London session (+100 pips mostly long) I decided to wait until the 9am NY session news.

Mark

--- 帖子 #918 ---
I like the fact that you post your reasoning along with your trades - very helpful for all of us.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Here is a counter Trend trade I took in the Late NY morning Session.

All the standard ALF / TVI rules apply : Cross downward of Price over ALF, with TVI pointing (red) short as well. Current short term trend is up, but Price crossed the ALF in one big candle (size is relative to all others near it, especially the run up just before the candle). The one signal candle brought price back down to levels from before the news, this indicates the news release was probably just a short term movement.

good for +20 pips - This was a close one and came with 1 pip of my stop (I include spread in my calculations).  Now even if I was stopped out I would have entered on the open of the next candle (after the arrow) because the previous candle shows that price tried to go up but could not sustain it and closed back near its open price.  This indicates a move further downward.

Remeber Only (if ever) take counter trend trades when you are experienced. And when you do take them watch them carefully with solid stops and take profits.

Mark

--- 帖子 #920 ---
and with TVI confirmation, I will sell break of lower channel. A new low in a down trend, after a brief rally. How low can you go??

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Aud/Usd on break of lower channel at .8719, with TVI confirmation. SL at .8815. TP .8535. EDIT: I am not entirely happy to be shorting at these levels. EDIT: A print below .8700 will make me feel a lot better.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
If you have a profit, consider closing half your trade (yes, mt4 will allow you to do this) and letting the other half continue.

Just don't let the live half eat your profit if PA continues moving against you...

Here's an example - short at the arrow, PA begins to move up at the check sign, close half the trade for some positive pips, let the other half go, voila - it works...

--- 帖子 #923 ---
I've been trying to take it all when it goes against me--then if it clears the low--reenter.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
First of all, thank you for this very simple method. I like simple, coz my trading brain cannot handle too many options!

Anyway, I have a clarification question, which may seem obvious, but it will help newbie me:

Do you wait for a full candle to both open and close the opposite side of the ALF, or do you just want a candle of the right (TVI) color to close on the other side of the ALF?

I traded live with this method for the first time this morning. Great first trade and then some not so smart trades, but came away with a small profit, so an OK beginning.

Cheers

Invisible

--- 帖子 #925 ---
why do i have different candle colors on the candles than the rest ? look at the top candle and a few after that ?

best regards

--- 帖子 #926 ---
There you go.  'Normal was black and white'

--- 帖子 #927 ---
In my case, it doesn't exactly repaint but, using both histogram and TVI-2colors overlapped, sometimes I notice a small difference between the two as regards the values, usually color is correct.

Reapplying the indicator or simply opening the settings of it and the reconfirming fixes the problem ....

Maybe there are some errors in the data-feed ? I use Alpari UK.

Next time I have the chance I will take some screenshots.

Thanks bye

--- 帖子 #928 ---
but look at lous pic in post 923 it have some different colors from what i have see the white candle i dont have that ?

best regards

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Either way can be right - the correct color candle needs to close above or below ALF.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Thanks, Lou.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
I'm not sure what you mean...

If TVI is up, up candles are green and down candles are black.

If TVI is down, down candles are red and up candles are white.

That's how it works - makes it easier to see if PA is turning against TVI.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
My tvi's were acting strange until i got the tvi candles--i had downloaded them using internet explorer--apparently there is a known problem with that browser

--- 帖子 #933 ---
are your settings 8 8 5 for tvi candles?

looks like not

regards

--- 帖子 #934 ---
932 look at my pic and look at your latest pic   the same candles in the pic have different colors

best regards

--- 帖子 #935 ---
closed H4 Aud/Usd trade at .8769.  Adverse TVI close of 16:00 GMT candle.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
it's 923---far as i can tell mine looks identical

--- 帖子 #937 ---
it is 5885  as settings i have the tpl

best regards

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Truly excellent assistance. Great signals thanks very much

--- 帖子 #939 ---
have marked 2 trades with arrows would this  trade be entered acording to the system they look like loosers just trying to see if i get it.

best regards

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Well, you have marked two losers on the chart but you have not marked the winners, of which there are at least two and probably more. In addition, the wins appear to have gained quite a few pips which would more than offset the losses (which is how trading works).

Try marking all possible trades, wins and losses, the add up the pips.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
lou please dont get upset on me i dont do this to mess with u am just trying to learn it   i will try to mark the winners also      see if i get them right also

best regards

--- 帖子 #942 ---
i have marked the pic with thumbs up or down acording to if it´s long or short  what i thougt would be winners ?? and one cross that is still in trade i dont know how this turns out please correct me if im whrong.

best regards

--- 帖子 #943 ---
I don't think you're messing with me - I'm trying to help you.

First question for you to answer (for yourself) - what is the trend?

Up, I think. Note that ALF is higher now than at the left edge of the chart so eliminate all short trades.

That leaves 2 wins with good profits, 1 loss and one trade still unclear.

Recall that I have suggested trading only when London session is in progress (if possible where you live). That will weed out another loss and leave you with a profitable scenario.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Conversely, if you are only able to trade Asian hours there is no trade in the trend direction but there is a counter-trend trade (marked).

This method will generally produce 1-3 good setups per trading session - sometimes none at all. We can only take what the market gives us...

--- 帖子 #945 ---
I don't like the look of this (right now, at least). Market seems reluctant to rise much above 1.2400.

Wait for a clearer picture...

--- 帖子 #946 ---
thanks lou     im sorry but can u point out the london trades again   london si from ??     im from europe so london and usa session are best   london starts at 8 gmt i think that is 09 for me   but i cant find so many winners in this persiod that are london one is to late  19.00 and the other is before london open  if u mean the green trend  trades do u understand wich i mean ??

best regards

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Thanks Lou for everything.

I am looking at divergence. May be we will get a short trade soon.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #948 ---
London market opens at 08:00 GMT, closes at 16:00 GMT.

12:00 - 16:00 GMT - NY is open, overlapping the afternoon of the London session. This is when I trade.

There was a nice up move during London today (but before I was awake). I'm sure you can spot it on the chart.

Euro appears to be stalled right now, crossing back and forth through ALF with resistance a little above 1.2400. Although the overall trend seems to be up (after a trip down to a 4-year low) I am reluctant to trade unless I see a strong push above resistance or a convincing counter-trend move.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Price Channel break, 1.2413. Consolidating markets test our mettle.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
yes i have marked it with an red line it is close to the red line i thougt this was to earlie to be london   also what are the other london winners ?

best regards

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Too early for London - trade is marked but too early for me. Either at the arrow or 3 bars previously when candle went green.

There are no other London wins (remember, 1-3 trades per day, maybe none some days). How many trades per day are you expecting?

--- 帖子 #952 ---
i missunderstand me and my intensions it seems i just try to learn and therefore i wanna know kow many trades and if i am right in what i thought are trades and are winners and loosers.

your stop is 20 pips and   your target is when price touth the line ?

you dont have other targets and u dont move it to break even after  some pips ?

best regards

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Long now - let's see what happens.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
post #908 explains Lou's method clearly.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Stopped out - oh gee, I was wrooonnngg!

This is why I don't usually post losing trades - nothing to be learned.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
There are no targets - I watch the trade and, if in profit, I exit when and if PA turns against me - don't know any other way to explain it.

I sense you are looking for 100% mechanical method that will ensure profits - this ain't it. If you find such a method, let me know...

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Lou sorry about the loss, but it DOES teach me humility and respect for the markets and the virtue of patience.  Again, sorry it was at the expense of your account.  No doubt, very temporary

--- 帖子 #958 ---
no nothing like that im just try to learn    this method thats all

best regards

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Got my a** kicked yesterday stubbornly waiting for a trade to turn around.  At least you had the good sense to let it go earlier than I did!

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Well, I just gave you a great example of how to stop out  It's all part of trading.

Should I have taken the trade? Well, I thought so at the time. Perhaps a larger stop would have saved it, but second-guessing is pointless.

Should I have waited for a more energetic move through resistance? Maybe...

--- 帖子 #961 ---
In my experience, losses come in series as market tries to find direction. A series of wins usually ensues, if we trade correctly.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
ok thanks lou and pippopotamus

best regards

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Back to even on the day and still going

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Closed for +32 leaving me +10 on the day...

Not an easy trading day.

EDIT at 15:05 gmt:

Possible retracement if PA moves below 1.2360

--- 帖子 #965 ---
today is nuts

--- 帖子 #966 ---
VERY tough market today for me. I was fortunate to end with positive pips.

London close coming up in 20 minutes.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
at close of 12:00 GMT hr. at 1.2357. Last 2 trades losers for total of 106 pips. Makes me Soooooo glad I trade small!

--- 帖子 #968 ---
This is by far the most effective and incredibly uncomplicated trading strategy I've ever seen!  I've only been at this for three years and I know I haven't seen everything nor am I an expert.  I had a forex coach who had at least 15 indicators on his charts and I got so very confused that I found it difficult to trade.  This system is a breath of fresh air!  A few hundred dollars in a few hours in the morning (I'm in Northern California) and the rest of the day for what ever needs doing!  I just took 15 pips to the downside out of the GbpUsd awhile ago.  It couldn't have been much more simple!  Yes, you have to pay attention.  No, it is not mechanical.  Yes, there are some losses.  But this, THIS! I can do!

All gratitude to you, Lou!

Thanks,

Raymond

--- 帖子 #969 ---
I fully agree, a very simple and great system. I had my share of wins and losses. but then I am still trying to grasp this system fully. I just want to add that Lou is very prompt and religious in answering all queries and never gets annoyed and tired of answering repetetive questions from newbies like me.

Thanks a lot Lou!

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Knowing how much the euro has lost lately--try scrolling back and paper trade only taking the longs--you can still make money

--- 帖子 #971 ---
I agree! Great job with the system. every few pips count.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Lou,

Thank you for posting this system. I have found this to be one of my best tools trading on a M1 time frame. I have been trading more M5 as of late, but I have been always a M1 trader at heart and it works really well! I will not post how I trade this on here since I feel it is just a little too different on how this thread is trading these tools.

Today was a little tough for me to read on M5 but when I dropped to M1, it all became crystal clear.

You will experience some losses, but if you take every valid signal and hold to the valid exits, the winners will definitely take care of any small losses that you will encounter in both M5 and M1.

Anyhow, thank you again for sharing. This is a very powerful system.

Lohad

--- 帖子 #973 ---
can you tell something more?

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Lou,

I wanted to thank you for your system. Simple and very effective. Lots of pips harvested with this over the last 10 days. I trade the late morning NY session and early Europe session (GBPUSD/EURUSD I am on the westcoast) and the beginning of JP session (4 PM PST, with EURJPY)

Screenshot attached from yesterday. I use TRIX to confirm the trade crossing 0. Found this best with 23 pip stop loss. Attached trade gave me a nice 21 pips! Had several of those in the last 24 hours.

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Lou,

Thanks for hooking me up with this trading system.  I have been following the posts for 3 weeks now and I'm finally caught up.  I really benefited by your TVI_Candles indi of late -- everything came alive with it.

I've had approximately 80% success with this system and the other 20% can be attributed to my own impatience and the uncertainty of the entry point.

But, I had an epiphany today that may or may not help others.  I've noticed that on those occasions when the entry bar after the 1st closed bar that follows when the PA goes through ALF turns against the order (big breath), if you use the M1 chart to enter the trade (following all the normal rules), there is a higher probability (in my analysis) that the trade will not go against you.  I don't have much to add to this already awesome system, so I hope this little bit can contribute to a higher success rate.

Thanks again and I appreciate your openness to share and your pleasant responses.

Happy Pipping.

Pips Smith

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Would like to hear about M1 entries if everyone is OK with it.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
I would also like some enlightenment about that M1 method Lohad, that of course if Lou allows it.

This is indeed a "simple" system, but for me it still is too subjective. I'm glad so much people is profitable this way, and I wish I could do it too. But psychologically it's too much for me, I need a system that leaves small space for interpretation, as small as it can. As a trader I grew planning and executing, not thinking.

This is for sure an amazing system Lou and I'm still trying to master it, hopefully I will some day, but for now I keep it mechanical.

I will keep following, learning, and maybe some day trading as you guys do.

As for Lohad aproach, I would love to hear it, 1min is fun!

Best regards, Orcinus

--- 帖子 #978 ---
The way I see it is this: you wait for a pa/alf breakthrough with tvi confirmation. Then change to a lower timeframe and wait for a pullback and trigger as soon as you get another confirmation in the direction of the higher timeframe. By doing this you wait for another momentum opportunity and when the trade goes against you directly on the higher timeframe you wouldn't care cause on the lower timeframe many times you wouldn't even get another confirmation. On the opposite if a 15min trade goes directly in you favor without the shorter term pullback, you would miss a hell of a trade.

In both cases you just trade the higher timeframe, the difference is waiting for a pullback or not.

Hope all this will not annoy Lou, as the founder of this simple system. Let's keep things clean.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Orcinus,

I don't think this system is too subjective at all. You get clear signals and you take them. PA to me is what is subjective. As in where PA is at in price level, if it is trending, if it is close to the end of a trend. I must say that M1 is more subjective then higher time frames. Thus the reason why I have added a couple of indicators on top of this this system while trading M1.

What needs to be mechanical is how you handle the trade. That is the subjective part of this or any system. This system shows me crystal clear where there are prime entries. Will I win 100% of the time? No. Will I have tough days as I did yesterday (while on M5)?. Yes. But if I take every signal prime signal, I am sure that at the end of the day, I will be profitable.

By the way this system was created for higher time frames, and not considered a scalping system. I am just saying that with the ALF/TVI principles, I was able to add a couple of things to help enhance my scalping abilities.

With more screen time and study of PA, hopefully the window of interpretation will close more for you. And when you apply that while using Lou's strat, you will find that this is a rock solid system. I just trade smaller time frames because that is my mentality.

Lohad

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Gbp/Jpy, Gbp/usd, Aud/Jpy, and Aud/Usd. I did not trade Euro pairs for fear of EU intervention. ALAS! My Aud/Usd trade...Short from .8639. SL at .8669. The broken line channel is 6 pd. Keltner, ATR mode, set at .75. Upper band is SL in this trade. EDIT: I have closed this trade at .8436, as well as my Aud/Jpy trade, which was short from 79.83, at 77.00. Will allow GBP trades to run. If they will!!EDIT: Gbp/Usd trade, short from 1.4329, has been stopped out at 1.4378. Gbp/Jpy trade, short from 132.28, SL as I write 132.65, still in play. I see no point in posting additional trades. I think it has been made clear that ALF/TVI Candles combo will provide excellent entry signals time and time again. The rest is up to the trader.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
@Lou

hmm can you tell me if i wanna play exacly like you but wathing 5m charts but using m15 mtf alf on 5min chart

how to make that tvi candles show colours like on m15? is it enought to set to 24 24 15?

thanx

--- 帖子 #982 ---
I know nothing about mtf alf - not part of the method so you're on your own -

--- 帖子 #983 ---
This chart (with Fractal_SR added) shows a long period of inactivity leading up to a move up through resistance.

Remember that I have mentioned this many times - when price is cycling back and forth through ALF, WAIT for a better signal.

Either of the two arrows are good entries (when resistance is clearly breached).

The Fractal_SR is posted - check the paperclip icon and use it if you need it but try to train your eye to see SR without the lines on the chart...

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Was noticing a lot of M15 moves back towards ALF line before continuation of breaks/moves/trends. This definitely applies to M1 as well.

Using a 20,1,4 ALF and 24,24,5 TVI helps catch moves and filter moves respectively.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Hi,

This is my chart on EURUSD 5M, are these things happening to me only ?

It's sort of a repaint-error .... anyone noticing it too ? Any fix ?

Anyway, many thanks again for sharing your system Lou, great job!

--- 帖子 #986 ---
i find out that sometimes fibo 50 or 61 retrace also can be good reentry point or late entry if you missed first train

see image

--- 帖子 #987 ---
If I see the word "repaint" again I'm gonna break something

Please post your charts in the standard way (file/save as picture/active chart "as is"/OK) so we can see them better.

As far as I know, any so-called repainting is caused by non-matching settings between indicators. A couple of very good MQL coders (other than myself) have looked at the code and pronounced it accurate.

Sorry you are having issues but I see no error in the coding - check your settings.

By the way, TVI_Histogram is redundant if you use TVI_Candles...

Try this one - straight from my live folder:

--- 帖子 #988 ---
My TVI line gets broken up and/or has color that doesn't match slope at certain volatile areas. Switching to another time frame and then back to the one that was garbled has been setting things straight. A lot of indicators of this nature do that for me. Not sure if that is what was happening on the histogram.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Well, I posted it as a screenshot, what does it matter ?

And... I dont use TVI_candles, my candles are red/green with the standard way. I trust you that the indicator is correct, I probably have problems with the data-feed from Alpari, I don't know ...

--- 帖子 #990 ---
AS this is my first post, I will hopefully do it correctly.  I am only on page 25 of this thread, but I felt I should post my morning.  Total of four trades, total of 234 pips.  Not bad for about an hours work!  (I even snagged 90 pips on the BEAST GBPJPY )

I watch 8 charts, best trading is 8amEST to 11am EST (blue work time on posted charts) as I live in Chicago.  I trade 30M charts with confirmation of the ALF/TVI trade indication with current S/R and 14LWWC ma (Green line and arrows on chart), then go to 5m chart for exact entry.  Stop loss when I get panicky, but I am working on that!

So far so good!  Can I say I LOVE this method!!!!!

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Hi lou

I think 20 pip stop loss is too low. I also used it today on the first entry as shown on your chart but I lost it. Please think of any better ideas for SL.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #992 ---
EllisEdi has suggested that this may be a MT4 problem - I would not be surprised if it is. He is an accomplished MQL coder (much better than I) and has reviewed the code and found no problems.

I've had my chart running for almost 3 hours and have not seen any problem.

Is there some reason for the reluctance to use TVI_Candles? I've not received any complaints about that (yet)...

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Hi

Pls I mean this in the nicest poss way, its your trade take ownership of it, check charts find a reasonable stop for you and use it. Its not Lou's job.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Post as you like then, but the standard method allows us to enlarge the .gif for a closer look and also shows the currency symbol and TF.

I notice that you have both TVI_2color and TVI_Histo in one window - this has been proven to cause problems (posted by member Pat a few pages ago) - MT4 may not display properly when multiple indicators are superimposed...

I knew I should have simply used the standard, unadorned TVI from the very beginning - there must be 20 or more posts about "repainting" which only results in taking the thread away from actual trading - my mistake.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Thanks for your reply. I am not making Lou responsible for that. I am sure Lou understands what I want to say. So pls.......

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Not wanting to fight. This trade was right around the even number in an overall downtrend. So volatility was always going to be an issue. If you gave your exact entry price it might help.

If you're going to trade around an even number especially against the overall trend expect more volatility and increase your stop. Or wait until price completes a small higher low above the even number or wait for price to go above the top of hammer (arrow right).

--- 帖子 #997 ---
EU is very jumpy today - I've been stopped out once already. 20 pips is the most I am comfortable with risking per trade based on a small percentage of my account balance.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
It is very helpful and great training wheels  I've got this turned on right now and I'm trying to train my eye to see it, but I'm not quite there yet.

Thanks for another useful tool Lou.

PipsSmith

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Aye, Cpn' rough seas indeed

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
I am sorry, I was just asking and plus I thanked you more than once for all this.

have a good day

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Don't mean to offend so don't take it that way - no harm, no foul...

I'm just kicking myself for not simply using the raw TVI - I've brought the problems on myself so I'm the one who is sorry.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
After this I tried trading long on a retrace and was stopped out...

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
EU and other pairs where very jumpy this morning (EU-time) too. Thanks to some German comments there have been large moves today. Some might say: 'excellent opportunities', I would rather keep my account save and wait for the markets to ease a little. We have all seen this startegy work fine in the last few months, so in my opinion no problem to stay out sometimes and miss a little (to much) action. A new trade will be waiting for you there tomorrow! Lou, you're totally wright about the tvi candles, need nothing else for that.

Thanks,

PB

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Vantage is absolutely correct RE: volatility in the area of big round numbers - be careful. These are the areas where the big players (large banks) make their moves and it always spills over into spot Forex...

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Et voilà, as the french say, this is on the USDJPY TF15m, I actually used this system and was very profitable today on this pair, +20 pips TP but could have done much more.

Check the TVI_2colors line and you can see that is sort of scattered, but as you just said, probably it's because of the two indicators overlapped ...

Anyway, once again, thank you for your system ...it's very very nice on the M15-H1

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
I don't mean to be an *** about this - I'm genuinely concerned that some are having problems with my indicators.

If you are experiencing drawing issues in MT4, try using the method as shown below and check TVI values in the Data Window at close calls.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Yes, that strange drawing is a glitch in the way MT4 calculates the size of the indicator window - if you add a zero line to both indys you will sometimes see two different zero lines in the window...

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Not using the TVI candles: I passed on those because I like using multiple TVIs, and being able to watch the TVIs move or not move on candles that are going against the indications.

Regret: I think it's good you put all the different versions of the indicators out. If you hadn't, the repainting complaints/comments would just be replaced by complaints about the indicators being to basic, and we'd be a programming / indicator-modding thread.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
No good deed goes unpunished...

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
and thus capitalism was born

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
I'm hanging it up for the day -

Thanks to all who posted complimentary stuff in the last 24 hours - I wish I had time to respond to you individually. Your input is appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Sometime in the next week I'm planning on winding this thread down. We've exceeded 1000 posts which seems to me to be more than enough for a simple method.

Before I finish I'll post a summary of what I've learned about ALF/TVI and point out what has changed since the beginning of the thread (amazingly, not much) along with a final posting of current versions of indicators, templates, etc.

I'm more than pleased by the number of people who have "gotten it" with few problems and whose trading has been improved by the use of ALF/TVI.

I'm also disheartened by the people who are struggling - what I've noticed is that many of you are a bit light in the area of general Forex knowledge (SR, retracements, major trends, etc.) but this comes with time and experience - to be repetitious, I firmly believe that screen time and some study will inevitably trigger pattern recognition and your indecision will become a thing of the past.

The majority of people who trade Forex lose money. I think that part of the answer to making money is to think out of the box and do the opposite of whatever the majority is doing. Since most popular indicators are based on "moving averages on the close", I deliberately did just the opposite - neither TVI nor ALF is based on closing prices and ALF uses no moving averages at all.

I recommend and use M15 timeframe but there have been many examples posted by members using everything from M1 to H4 and having success, thus showing the flexibility inherent in a simple system.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Lou,

I wish to express sincere thanks for your efforts in developing this method, its indicators and this thread. All of us are better for it.

To any who are still struggling with this method, try rereading the thread from the begining. If that is to daunting just read Lou's posts. Please remember that you will not win every trade.  Try trading the rules exactly.  That includes Time to trade, pair to trade, stop loss values and take profit rules.  Once you get good at that you can then modify the method as you see fit since you will have a good experience with the core of this method.

Good luck and have fun,

Mark

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Thanks to you Lou for thread. I still have hard times but get better ever day  Hope you will be near to keep give encourages now and then. Best of trading too you.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Lou,

I started live manually trading in Feb 2010, I lost a healthy portion of my investment.  With what I learned then, and what you have provided and taught now, I am building my account back up and am very grateful.

Thanks for the time you've put into this.  I have learned from your wisdom and the simplicity of this method.

Glad I could get a couple of posts in before the end of the thread and get a chance to thank you and let you know that your message sank in and is profitable to me.

BTW, I'm down to 4 indicators only and trading with success.  (Adaptive Laguerre, TVI_2color, TVI_Candles, and I still have the training wheels on with the Fractal_SR)

Thanks again.

PipsSmith

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
hi guys,

how do you color red and green bars. i see you have black white, red and green. ?

BB

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Hello people, I attach the original ALF template with black background and text colored light grey. I also removed the objects placed by the large price number and different timeframe values which is not part of the system. My humble contribution to this great system.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Hi Lou

Thanks a lot for posting this system .. do u use 12 12 5 setting for TVI or 8 8 5

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Read Post #1

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hello Lou G,

do you have mql file from TVI-histogram?

Regards

j_l

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Read previous post #1020

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Looks like the hourly may be fixin' to roll over

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
I just wanted to drop by and say thanks for sharing your system with us.

As a relatively new trader I found it easy to find myself in information overload.  MA's, Pivot Points, S/R lines and indicators all over my screen, it was messy and incomprehensible.   Over the last few weeks this system has greatly helped me to not only identify market movements but even more so I've gained confidence in what I'm doing.  Easy enough for the noob to understand, deep enough to spend time mastering.  Good stuff.

Thanks man.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
thats it ! took half at +20 ans second hals let run sl to be!

in thinkink about deleting this stoch mtf from my charts  mayby with time for now i like it for conformation ;]

edit

yeah second tp reached at +50 incredible !

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
end now realy nice retrace to 61 fibo and extra +30 !

if i play real i should sayed that im done for tooday! ;d but on demo still in a game ;]

Thanx Lou again! just a week or two more practising it and i go live;]

again BIG thanx to Lou !

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Hi,

I'm study this system and I hope to do good trades.

In this trade I would wait for a pullback but I was wrong.

Now I'm long on AU, I hope it isn't a retracement.

Can you post your SL-TP ea please?

...The AU was a retracement but I was at BE.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Here are you entered after the close of the previous bar or at the break the level 23?

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
i have re enter at .23801 - break of big number  i did it on m1 and draw this fibo on m1 for better view just screenshot from m15

here its ea - it is great stuff - you can move sl/tp with doubleclick just like horizontal line ! it have some bugs sometimes you have to turn off ea and on again to make it work but its nice and helpfoul !

im working to make it a litle better with no comments marks on chart etc but work in progres

here its original version found somwhere in google

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Ok thanks

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
niiiice ...

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Now, that is Great===thank you!

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Thanks, Lou, for sharing this system and going so far to help everyone out here learn it. You're a good guy.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
All indicators I have created for this method are open source.  To find the indicators, click the paperclip icon at the top of any page, then click "hide images" to get rid of screenshots. Be sure to download the most recent version.

Copy the source code to the yourmt4/experts/indicators folder, then shutdown and restart mt4. This will cause a re-compile of all indicators that have been changed since the last mt4 session.

Use the same procedure for templates, but copy them to the yourmt4/templates folder and do a shutdown/restart.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
An Easy Trade, Price crossed upwards over ALF, TVI pointed in right direction (up). The previous session had kinda been ranging. Stop Loss and TP both set at 20 pips.

I did wait till previous high of 1.2350 had been broken by a closed candle before entering in order to make sure price was actually going to continue upwards presumably to retest the 1.2400 area.  The previous candle (opened around 1.2345) could have been an excellent entry candle.  I waited because price is in such a strong downtrend over the last couple of weeks and price will sometimes hesitate at round numbers like that end in 00 or 50.  I was willing to let this be a missed trade in order for confirmation.

A quick +20 pips

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
I originally thought this method would be pretty self-explanatory (and said so in post #1). It was that way for some but not for all, and I posted some general rules in post #7. The only rule that has changed is the very first one:

"Don't trade when either line is horizontal, particularly when ALF bisects PA".

Revised through experience to:

"Don't trade when ALF is more or less horizontal and bisecting PA".

Bisecting does not necessarily mean "passing through the body of each candle" - it also means "passing through a group of candles which are alternately above/below ALF". I think everyone gets the idea of this rule - when PA is in a tight range, wait for something better to happen...

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
18 pips AUD/JPY. Felt out the M15 range and took a scalp short in M1. Quick TP since M15 wasn't really agreeing. Good tactic for when the trend isn't clear and the higher time frame TVI is idling.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
There are some essentials for success trading this method.

Trading Time - if you trade during the busiest times of the day, you increase your chances of finding good setups. The first half of each of the three major sessions is best - London, New York, Asian, in that order.

Time Frame - this method is being traded successfully on TFs from M1 to H4. Be aware that longer TF will require larger stops.

Stop Loss - the original rule was, "slightly on the other side of ALF from the direction of the trade". This still holds good, but use common sense - if PA is 50 pips below ALF and you are contemplating a short, ask yourself why you did not enter sooner. If you are trading a retracement, just above/below the top/bottom of the retrace is a good spot for a stop. Be flexible and trade on a TF you can afford to trade.

Exits - if PA returns to ALF almost immediately after you trade, close the trade! Every method has losers. If you are fortunate and the trade becomes a swing or trend move, ALF will begin to follow PA. The closer ALF gets to PA, the more likely that a change in direction (either a retrace or a reversal) is coming. It's okay to take profits when this happens - there will be another trade or re-entry coming up. Same thing if TVI changes direction.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Hi EllisEdi

A quick question regarding your last post (1035), what prevented you taking a long 5 bars prior, when PA crossed upwards over ALF?

Cheers

Pedross

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
I've observed that when the ALF is steep with a trend price will ride it in the same way that occurs in bollinger band and MA trading.

It contains the retraces until a significant retrace/reversal becomes likely as you mention.

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Yes, exactly.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Picked up 2 good trades. Caught the middle-last surge of the E/U up move that started at 1.2312 for +20 pips and then reentered long on the retracement down at the Fib 50 level for another +15. I'm done for the morning! Thanks again, Lou.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Entering ONLY on break of Fractal Channel S/R is a step in the direction of avoiding entries in ranging conditions...I suggest, if prev. candle was an up TVI candle enter long on break of FC resistance. Opp. for short. If prev. candle was not an up TVI candle enter long on break of FC resistance if closed candle is an up TVI candle. Opp. for short. The trade off here is that entries, at times, come a bit late. On balance I think waiting for a break is better. I wait.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
based on ALF/TVI_Candles and channel break.  EDIT: sur l'escalier...ALF/TVI_Candles will far more often than not get us in the mkt. in the right direction. Refining trade mgt., specifically, our exits, should be where our energies are now directed.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Well, still trading ALF/TVI, of course but I am far from happy with the performance of the TVI.

IMHO, TVI suffers from the fact that is limited by the use of fixed periods (8,8,5 or 12,12,5, etc). ALF, on the other hand (though it does have LookBack and Median periods), does not use them in a restricive way and is not as sensitive to small variances.

I'm still pretty well sold on the idea of using up/down ticks rather than bar close but I intend to search for a new way of using them - sort of an Adaptive TVI.

If and when I discover a better companion indicator than TVI, I'll start a new thread and share with all of you. Keep an eye out for "ALF" as a part of a thread title with "Lou G" as the author.

To say that I've learned as much from you as I've imparted sounds trite but it really isn't - thanks to all for their participation in this thread. I'm sure I'll bump into all of you around these forums.

Lou G

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
I tried limiting period restriction by using Renko, but it's a little wonky.

The Hull MA moves similarly to the TVI, but I think it's period based.

Thanks for the thread. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Simple,  I was not trading at that time.

Mark

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Lou, both indicators are brilliant, the only question is how to trade with them.

I have both indicators on my chart in two versions - one for current and another for higher TF. Try it and you see that you get an absolutely new perspective

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Lou, I "met"  Indrek back on another thread that was focused on MTF trading.

I really believe that if you trade in the direction of the higher time frame trend you will have much better success.

I have a lot of respect for Indrek......so I think his post is one to take note of.

There is no doubt that keeping ones chart as indicator free as possible is desirable.....but knowing the trend of the higher time frame is a must...IMHO

PGPB

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
What are your settings

Thanks

Mombone

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
I agree that MTF helps keep us in the big trend.

May I suggest the following:

Put TVI_2Color (settings 24,24,15) on your TVI histogram(settings 8,8,5). (all you need do is drag one indi from the Navigator window and place it on top of the other on your charts)

Only take trades when both colors match and ALF gives signal. Used this in AUD/USD 5 min tf Asian market to-day with all winning trades. I like it best when they both change color within a bar of each other.

Works well on trending market. Only issue is you may get late entries.

Pips to all.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Mombone,

Take a look at Indrek's #911 post.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
I have made a correction and use 32,32,20 instead of 64,64,40.

If one TVI is 8,8,5 and other is 32,32,20 then the difference is 4 times. It is the same than to look at H1 on M15 chart or at H4 on H1 chart.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
a quick over 100 pips on eur-jpy

i saw div on stoch big reversal candle on m5 and enter on break fractal

nice text-book  entry ! such a shame that still on demo

edit

same situation was on eurusd but i was not watching

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
i belive that was vailid signal too  we will se for now +34 and +38 on 2 transactions

div on m15 (yellow) second  div on m5(blue) and doubletop on m5

the most important - croos alf, tvi red ready to go !

i was a litle afraid of this yellow trendline but its a second leg? and  risk/reward was good enought for me

edit

first out at +40

second sl to the alf line (about +5) and we will se

edit 2 i was right  second +70for now

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Details on my set up.

HMA at period 14.

TVIs at 8,8,5 and 24,24,5.

Overlay 2nd TVI by opening the Nav window with Ctrl+N and dragging a second TVI over the first's window.

ALF at 20,1,4.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Started taking a closer look at M5 after your post. Seems to work well with a break, a little retrace to ALF and a continuation. 24,24,15 seems to filter out the retraces. Maybe take a look at 24,24,5 for more active entries.

Good spin on the system

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Hi bbloss

can you please post your fractal indicator.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
its here posted by Lou
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=3703004

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Sorry I did not reply sooner - I "know" Indrek as well (had a PM on this subject).

There are many ways to skin the Forex cat and the use of MTF indicators is well-known and used by many. At this point, I prefer to switch TF's to see the larger trend. Nothing against those who prefer MTF. I try very hard to be a devout pragmatist

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Looks good. We keep on improving Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
HI Lou,

have been an avid follower of this thread and just wanted to thank you for all your efforts. This system when used with good basic trading knowledge is a brilliant method..

Hope you post a few charts here and there for posterity...

Thank you!!

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Lou,

i think i found a problem with the TVI_histogram.

there is an alarm on it. which i always use to alert. however the Alarm will not always work.

it always has to do with the upswing. when line goes up. sometimes it works. sometimes it does not.

does it maybe have to do that different pair changes at the sametime and it will only alarm the first pair?

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Good morning all, Lou, I really want to thank you for this thread, it has been the difference between winning and losing.  I working out the bugs on a  quick and easy 100/day scalp and I thought I would throw it out there for a look.

Open up EURJPY, GBPJPY, AUDJPY and either CADJPY or CHFJPY.  If you notice that they all trend almost exactly the same at the same time.  (The JPY's have a ADR of >200pips/day so a decent move is almost always given)  I am using the 5M charts with: TVI-color bars, ALF (8,8,5), the non-lag ma previously provided in this thread (thanks a ton!!!) and a 14LWWC moving average.  I have noticed that at the open of the new york session (8am EST) there is always a big move. I enter on that move when the signal dictates and have checked for S/R

Entry rules LONG: Close of Green Candle, above a green Non-lag Ma, above the 14 LWWC ma. (PA does not have to be above the ALF).  Take Profit is 25 pips or use the moving stop loss.

Moving stop loss: Which ever is lower either the ALF or the 14 LWWC ma (or if you hit support)

Reverse for SHORT

I find that since all four JPY's all trend about the same you can hit all four at the same time, 25 pips for 4 charts, and voila you get your 100/day and it takes less than an hour and you don't have to watch charts going up vs charts going down.

(incidentally, I am trying this same technique out at 8pm EST and it is working the same way)

Good luck to all, and again, thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Hi Dovetrader

Thanks for your post.

A couple clarification questions.

I am assuming you have TVI set as 8,8,5 , not ALF....is that correct?

I understand that you have a 14 period Linear Weighted MA to the close .....and it sounds like you also have a second non-lag MA .....what are the settings for that?

Good for you ....100 pips a day is fantastic......if it ain't broke....don't fix it.....and please do not interpret this as criticizm......but since all pairs are trending the same way....why not just open 4 positions on one pair?

Best wishes!

PGPB

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Hello DoveTrader and thx to u for sharing. Woud u mind to share youre template plz?

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
What's the point of having ALF on your chart if your not going to trade according to rules of PA needing to be above or below ALF to qualify your taking a trade?
Your just throwing on MA's and taking trades according them.  Nothing new about MA crossover systems.
PGPB...also asks a valid question...What's the point of breaking up the trade over several pairs that are supposed to mirror each other?
I can't see the benefit...defeats the purpose of focusing on PA to place a trade.

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
i guess at more pairs its less chance that something will go wrong?

let say that eu and eg is going same way up ok 2 trades

and now something will hapend in london anything and gpb will fall down and noono will known why bur eu will go still up?

so you have at end one win and one lose

and if you would take 2 positions on eg you are at 2 lose?

em i right?

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Think about it vice versa - what if in this case something bad happens to EUR?

The most risky way to trade is to enter to the same direction with highly correlated pairs. Remember that chance of failing is always 50:50.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
hmmm

yes you are right

my mistake;]

i must think about that

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
I think the long entry here is a 200+ pipper using this sytem on m30, and its STILL GOING

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Oops, did I stir up the pot?  If so, I am very sorry, it was not my intention.  I am just a firm believer in the law of reciprocity.  I have taken from all of you (this entire system), and I feel I need to give back.  I have made my posts (the only posts I have made on this site) because I feel that what you all have created is truly a good system and I am only trying to offer proof that your work is a success and to someone new, or new to this thread, I merely want to let them know that you guys really do know what you are doing and that there is the possibility of wins with this method, if not the possibility of hope to struggling traders.

I trade these four correlated pairs mostly because the thought of four times the lots on a single pair scares the begezzes out of me.  This is also the reason why some traders watch more than one pair at the same time.  They also don't want to put all the pips in one basket.  I just prefer to watch four that I know trend the same way.  Also there is slight timing offset on the four pairs and I can often get a slightly better entry/exit with watching all four pairs.  I have a limited time to trade and I feel that knowing that I can do the work of all day in just a short time, my kids are much happier.  Also I don't have to guess the direction of four or more different currencies, some going up and some going down all at the same time.  Oh sure the trade can go against you, that is the nature of the beast, however that is the reason that we are trying to use this method am I right?  We are all on this tread because we believe that there is the possibility that this method is offering us the greatest probability of good trades, with a good indication of when to get out.

I am not trying to take this thread in a different direction as to the rules, but rather try to offer my rules.  I have read the entire post and there is numerous posting of traders wanting exact entry and exit rules.  I was only trying to make mine available and as "cookie cutter" as possible (that is what we all want right-exact rules).  From what I can remember in the thread that there has been multiple accounts of the role of PA vs Alf.  I believe that there has been no real consensus as to PA having to cross the ALF.  I personally feel that to wait for PA to close on the right side of the ALF you can wait too late to get in the trade.  Especially if you are only trying to scoop up 10 pips.

As to the addition of the 14LWWC ma, that is just my personal twist on an already excellent method.  It helps me filter out the fake outs.  I feel that sometimes the ALF is a good stop, sometimes the 14LWWC ma works better.  When I have looked back at the market action, I feel that on these currencies, at the time that I am trading, using which ever is lower on a long trade(the MA or the Alf) gives me good wiggle room and not get stopped out.  However, if the PA crosses both of these then for me it is time to bail.

I hope this helps, and again, I am sorry if I am out of line.  I am new to posting (not to reading) and I am really just trying to earn my keep by not just taking but trying to offer something that might help someone else.  I personally feel that every comment is helpful to some and useless to most.  All we can do is to try to help the ones we can and respect those who are at a different level than we are.

Oh, here is my template, take it or toss it.  I will never know, but I feel that I am doing my part.

To the greatest success to all traders regardless of how they obtain it!

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Hmmm???...

Sorry for jumping on your comments so quickly...maybe I should have taken a Midol...cramping up and all that...

I see your points...well stated...hope you'll continue to contribute here...

Appreciate your taking time to share.

See ya in the trenches...

Cliff

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Can you post few screenshots of your trades? That will help all of us.

BTW you are not stirring up any pot, but just adding your flavour to an already brilliant system by Lou. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Just slurped 50 pips off this EJ short.  Resistance had been broken a few candles prior so I figured the short was low risk.  I trade m30 because the moves are robust and less head fakes than smaller TF.  TP is usually the next pivot from the entry.  Here it hit the tp, but I lost my nerve at +50 and closed.  Thanks Lou for a system so easy even a weasel can do it.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
hmm Lou why it is showimg here like that? is it correct?

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
setting are the same!

do you have this candles green insteod of white like me?  check your m15 if You can?

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Here u go

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
this is realy strange ! i have settings 8 8 5 !

i have loaded a clear chart and only tvi ! and it is clearly down here for me ? why? Lou are you still here?

can it be something with my broker ? i use fxpro?

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
A quote from Lou's first post on the TVI indicator

"TVI measures the relationship between incoming ticks for a given volume. If upticks outnumber downticks the TVI rises, and vice-versa."

Because of the math involved price can go up and TVI can go down.

TVI is very basically a moving average of the up ticks and the down ticks. More acurately it is an EMA of a double EMA (a Triple EMA?) of Volume. You can see the math calculation in the MQ4, it is pretty simple as far as indicators go.

So, Why can TVI go down when Price goes up? Since it is a Moving Average, if the previous bars had a lot of volume down, and the bars in question (going up) have very little volume ... price could go upwards while TVI would be going downward.

This is a simplified explanation. There are other scenarios when this kind of behavior can happen.

Mark

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
yes i known it but why rebelheart have this candles green and me not?

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Hello bbolss,my candles are too with rebelheart for that time.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Sorry, I misunderstood the question.

The Volume function in MT4 is a contraversial issue. It can be radically different for different Brokers. It shouldn't be, it just is. Most Brokers have similar volume numbers reporting in the platform.

As you can see on my chart is different also. The only way to tell for sure is to pull the Volume data from each platform from that time period. A lot of work to verify something we already know.

This is probably one of the reasons Lou is looking for a different filter for the Alf entry system.

Mark

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Attached is the "Basic" Chart for that time period (from FXDD) you were asking about.

As you can see (in my highlights), If you Check the value for the TVI (by running the mouse over the indicator for each bar) you can see that it barely goes upwards on my chart for those to candles near the top of the swing.  If you brokers volumes are a liitle bit different then yours may actually never turned up a bit.

A larger Broker will probably give you a better data sample in Volume.

Mark

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
yep it is a litle diffrent

strange

i didnt know

i thought that it is global and the same for all brokers :|

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Yes, exactly. Moving averages can be very helpful - IF you understand how they work and what they are telling you.

I'm close to creating a new entry method for ALF that uses no moving averages at all - beginning today, I'm at the "putting in screen time" phase, watching the new method work and looking for ambiguities, problems and outright errors. Coming soon to a forum near you...

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Happy to still see you here LouG  Thx to you for all hard work for us benifits

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Lou, I continue to be profitable using the method on M30....here's a link to two winners this morning  http://clip2net.com/page/m0/6113257

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
I will start a new (and improved) ALF thread later today.

See you all there,

Lou

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Hi Lou G

Thanks in advance

You are starting a new thread or in the same one?

Best regards

gopsat

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Well almost...as in,"Month of Trades," post, but exiting on pos. HA close below ALF, and neg HA close above. In pips...A/U,+634. A/J,+577. G/U,+17. G/J,-52. E/U,+735. E/J,+265. Total,+2176 for the month. Sooooo, IMHO, a great deal of filtering is not necessary to trade profitably with ALF. The very little filtering I do, mostly discretionary, improved results by about 10%. The UGLY G/J chart..EDIT:Math check revealed G/U +17, not +46.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Looking foward to your new slant on ALF. Lets' get rich enough to build hospitals and schools in poor countries, while still driving around in Lambo Gallardos!!!

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
I agree very much pippo

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
well said about giving to charity and creatign avenue for people to help themsselves PIPPOPOTAMUS... also you have done an amazing job with your success in trading this method.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
I would LOVE an EA or script to put on a chart where I've already entered a trade that will close that trade when a candle has changed color.  This exit strategy working quite well on m30

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Nice work!

The only thing I'm using to filter ALF trades is volume. If volume is above average when price action closes above or below ALF, then I take the trade. If average or below I don't. Seems to filter out the moves that immediately cross back over ALF and create rangey situations.

Use the Better Volume 1.4 MT4 indicator - it provides an average volume line to measure against.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Will take a look at BVI.

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
For those who wish to come up to speed quickly with just Lou's postings I have attached all of his posts in an HTML file.  I have it as a pdf as well but it comes to 6 megs and too large to attach.

The html file will look just like this forum but only Lou's posts will be there.

I had to attach it as a zip file.  So just use winzip and unzip it.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
hello f541,

I hope you can help me.

Where can I find the better volume V. 1.4? and how do you intepret the indicator? I am sorry, I have nver use this indicator before. Thanks again and hope you care to explain.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
search function at the top of the page.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Cant seem to get this to work in the MT4?  I just attach the indicator to the charts, like other right?

Wondering why I cant get it to work?

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
homesick.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
here's the NEW thread for the ALF - http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=239353

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
If it aint broke don't fix it.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Hi all!

this is nice sistem, but I can`t try it because I dont see on my chart ALF!!! I download indi and attach, but nothing happend! please help me!!!

sorry for my poor english

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Check the colors.  Default is black.  If you have a black background Alf line will not be visible.  Simple.   You probably have figured that out.  Alf trading is very profitable.  I use stochastics for confirmation on the first break and close of alf line.  200ema for trend.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
This is the Alf setup I use.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
H4 Chart. Lou, Hope you are well. Come back!!!

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Pippopotamus

you have consistently traded this method on the 4hour. how has it been for you?

im going back to simplicty. miss ALF thread posts

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
TVI filtering...

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Hi Pippo

Care to explain this last post - it looks like you have an elegant multi-timeframe TVI underneath as the momentum inidcator - if I'm right could you post it up? Looks good...

And are you still going well trading ALF?

regards

f451

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
thanks and does the original method is post 1 still successful? or its broken aready?

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Hey just wanted to give a shout out! Thans for the simple straight foward system, will give it a shoot, not one for short time frames but we will test it. Once again thans for your contribution.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
The bottom indicator looks interesting, how do you use it to filter and please could you post it ?

Thank you!


===== 附件下载链接 =====

alf.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/440122?d=1268707970
TVI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/443512?d=1269030060
TVI_2color.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/443513?d=1269030091
TVI_Histogram.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/443514?d=1269030112
AdaptiveLaguerreFilter.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/448355?d=1269874284
alf.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/440121?d=1268707900
TVI_2color.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/440546?d=1268749531
TVI_2color_alert_symbol_tf.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/440676?d=1268756098
TVI_Histogram.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/441539?d=1268841307
01 alf.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/441751?d=1268857219
Price_Market.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/441752?d=1268857219
#MTF_BollinderBands.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/441753?d=1268857253
#MTF_BollinderBands.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/441754?d=1268857253
###Auto Pivot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/441886?d=1268871006
###Auto Pivot.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/441887?d=1268871028
Signal_Bars_v71.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/443104?d=1268997479
alf.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/443105?d=1268997479
TVI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/443201?d=1269003997
TVI_Histogram.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/443202?d=1269004016
WorkTime.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/443566?d=1269041811
FreedomBar.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/445937?d=1269460861
indicators.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/446017?d=1269473100
ALF-MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/447509?d=1269657931
ALF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/447510?d=1269657931
tvi-MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/447511?d=1269658011
alf_mtf.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/447513?d=1269658695
ALFBasics.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/451062?d=1270308526
iK_trend_v01.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/454829?d=1270824967
Alf4xWolf.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/455015?d=1270845440
Fibonacci Pivots.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/455016?d=1270845483
SweetSpots.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/455017?d=1270845483
US.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/456339?d=1271089915
alf.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/460136?d=1271627418
NonLagMA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/464803?d=1272313921
AsianSession.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/465751?d=1272418975
TVI_Signals.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/467504?d=1272639022
TSI-Osc.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/467596?d=1272653581
TSI_MACD.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/467597?d=1272653581
TVI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/469810?d=1273066640
ALF.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/469813?d=1273066688
TVI_Candles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/469947?d=1273075262
Fractal_SR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/470618?d=1273157544
TVI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/471310?d=1273246592
TVI_2color.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/471311?d=1273246613
TVI_Candles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/471312?d=1273246638
TVI_Histogram.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/471313?d=1273246660
TVI.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/471325?d=1273248189
TVI_2color.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/471326?d=1273248210
TVI_Candles.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/471327?d=1273248231
TVI_Histogram.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/471328?d=1273248249
FantailVMA3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/473115?d=1273638693
realMACD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/473116?d=1273638726
realMACD.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/473117?d=1273638752
#Pivot-point-vTEXT-v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/474074?d=1273770181
MACD_Divergence_V1.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/474509?d=1273834421
FX5_MACD_Divergence_V1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/474559?d=1273839140
TVI_Candles.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/474636?d=1273847435
TVI_Candles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/474639?d=1273847458
TVI_Candles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/475110?d=1274004600
AdaptiveLaguerreFilter.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/475625?d=1274097975
TVI_Candles.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/475627?d=1274098005
TVI.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/475631?d=1274098069
ALF.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/475634?d=1274098090
TVI_Histogram.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/477120?d=1274278415
alf black.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/477297?d=1274297469
SL-TP_move-by-Mouse.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/477644?d=1274343738
HMA_Color.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/478515?d=1274442736
! alf 2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/480314?d=1274831601
AdaptiveLaguerreFilter.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/480315?d=1274831601
NonLagMA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/480316?d=1274831647
SweetSpotsGOLD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/480317?d=1274831647
Signal_Bars_v71.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/480318?d=1274831679
TVI_Candles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/480319?d=1274831679
Lou G.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/489591?d=1276264278
