===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Before you run the EAs, read my FAQ: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=252690

Read http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=251869

to get an idea of what this kind of strategy is all about.

This strategy intentionally trims the biggest loser and opens an opposite-direction trade on the same pair whenever at least three losing pairs have breached their 24-hour high/low.

The way this is done is quite restrained, such that overtrimming is avoided. We want to do just enough trimming that we allow the same market action that triggered the trimming to take us to profit.

So do not be alarmed when the first actions taken by the EA make your balance shrink. If you are patient, a rise in equity will occur and all trades will be closed for profit.

There are old-school elements to this strategy, such as diversification (14 pairs), cut your losses early (cut the BIGGEST loser when market action makes it a logical decision), and let your winners run (until you come into profit).

Basket_14 was developed before Confirm_14. Basket_14 uses less specific criteria in looking for confirmation. It looks for a total of 3 currency pairs among the 14 to be breaching their 24-hour highs/lows before trimming and reversing a biggest loser.

Attach to only one chart, any symbol, any timeframe. Don't worry about opening other charts. You only need to open ONE.

Version 02 does not have the MinMiniEquity and MinStdEquity settings.

Version 03 uses two seven-pair relative vigor index (RVI) indicators to try to increase the frequency with which we get to profit without trimming and reversing.

Version 04 looks for five samples of RVI main to be above/below zero, cleanly separated across the two groups of seven pairs, to decide which group to buy/sell.

Version 05 has buy/sell logic based on RVI main/signal crosses above/below zero

Settings for Various Leverage Levels

Leave the settings as-is for a 200:1 leverage account.

Set MaxMarginToUse to 2.0 for a 100:1 leverage account and leave ProfitPct at 1.0.

Set MaxMarginToUse to 3.0 and ProfitPct to 0.3 for a 10:1 leverage account. This may seem risky but most of us will want to push risk if we get restricted to 10:1 accounts. Even with this risk level, you shouldn't see Lowest Margin drop much below 200%.

For my 50:1 demo, I am using MaxMarginToUse at 3.0 and ProfitPct at 0.75. So far it's working fine.

|

|

v

--- 帖子 #2 ---
just a question, will the ea close trades with profit?

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Yes, it closes the basket of trades when they have overall profit.  Here's a statement.

http://bobthoughts.net/Basket14.htm

Note increasing lot sizes as equity grows.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
I think, overall profit/loss is less compare to the Gross Profit and Gross Loss.  anyway of reducing the losing trades and may be trailing the profit trades?

--- 帖子 #5 ---
No sir, they are exactly the same. I don't know what you might be looking at to come to that conclusion.

Not in this version of the strategy. It is what it is and it is trading as intended.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
hi meta coder...

Mind me for asking. where to attach the ea?? i mean which chart and what timeframe? or just attach it the same way as confirm14??

Thank you...

--- 帖子 #7 ---
More profit taken overnight.

http://bobthoughts.net/Basket14.htm

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Please read the first lines of the EA

--- 帖子 #9 ---
no trades since 3 days... there a problem

--- 帖子 #10 ---
There is no problem with the EA. The problem is in your inputs.

The EA is trading for me.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
See my FAQ.

You probably need to set MinMiniEquity or MinStdEquity lower than their default settings.

Note that I uploaded a version 02 of Basket14.  In version 02, the MinMiniEquity and MinStdEquity settings have been removed.

--- 帖子 #12 ---
The current state of my Basket 14 demo: it has booked 7% profit in less than a month.  It currently sits in a superbly hedged state, all 14 pairs open.  The market can do whatever it wants and the account will not suffer.  When there is significant change in the market, good actions will be taken.  Further profits will come.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Yes, the problem is that you lack patience and do not understand the strategy.

Just sayin'.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Thank you for sharing this great strategy.  I am wondeing if I can use this EA with my own manual trading?  Would attaching the EA affect my own orders or vice versa?  My suspicion is NO and that you have the magic number take care of that, but just want to make sure.  thank you for your patience and your time.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
I wouldn't be able to answer any issues you might have related to unpredictable results if you choose to mix usage of the EA with your manual trades.  But if you believe you understand all the issues, go for it.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
So in your opinion, which one is better? basket or confirm

--- 帖子 #17 ---
The way Basket 14 makes its cut'n'reverse decisions seems to be more consistent and efficient in producing equity pops.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
This was the only of my systems that took profit on an equity pop last night.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
hello MetaC and others,i opened Basket14_02 26.08 22.00 and i cloce it manual 27.08  18.00 (gmt+2) it was nice +3% profit,looks good reg,,, sky

--- 帖子 #20 ---
A nice thing is that sometimes we get into profit without any trim'n'reverse actions.

That might seem odd because the two groups of seven pairs represent a perfect synthetic hedge. But across this many pairs, distortions do happen as all pairs can move independently.

So I just uploaded version 03, which uses two seven-pair relative vigor index (RVI) indicators to try to increase the frequency with which we get to profit without trimming and reversing. No guarantee that we won't have to trim and reverse with this approach, but at least we tip the odds a little in that direction.

How it works is: the group of 7 that shows the stronger RVI is the group that we will sell, and we will buy the other.

It shouldn't matter which group we initially buy or sell, as long as we always buy one group and sell the other. However, since there are observable imbalances at times, we might as well attempt to find which side to be on if in fact it could make any difference at all.

The nice thing is -- the cut'n'reverse scheme is stable and has proven time and time again to nudge the basket toward profit, even though it sometimes takes some patience to get some wind in the sails via strong market action.  This element alone will get us to profit regardless of which side is bought vs sold.  It's just that we want to get our profit faster if possible.  Nothing wrong with that, is there?

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Metacoder,

Check v3 version :

GBPUSD_rvi = iRVI(EURUSDsym, PERIOD_M15, 10, MODE_MAIN, 0);

Problem on the symbol..

Regards.

Ludo

--- 帖子 #22 ---
good catch, I'll fix that pronto

__

Fixed and re-uploaded. Thanks surfeur!

--- 帖子 #23 ---
This thing is rock steady.

http://bobthoughts.net/Basket14.htm

If you look at the statement and see the large initial dip in the balance graph, it is because I was using this same strategy at first but WITHOUT the logic that confirms with other pairs.  Once I added the confirmation logic, things smoothed out considerably.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
hello,again.i use now instaforex but i look if i use go markets ,the diffrent with pips when i use basket 14_02 is about 40 pips,very much ,i think. sky

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Hello sky... It is not necessary to close MetaCoder's EAs manually. There is always a user setting that allows you to have the EA automatically stop trading after taking profit. Just set StopAfterNoTrades to true. When the EA closes all trades for the 1% profit it will stop trading. When you are ready to start trading again, go back in and change it back to false and it will immediately open the 14 trades again. COOL

There is virtually nothing that needs to be done manually when using MetaCoder's EAs.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Thanks for helping to steer us toward such a system, frazerd.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Thanks Frazerd,any way  what wold be best profit target 1%  or 2% reg,,,sky

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Entirely up to you. MetaCoder and I prefer 1%, but he has made it a user input so you can make it whatever you are comfortable with. We are willing to take 1%, not being greedy. But 2% could provide better profit in the long run. We have not experimented much with higher profit taking.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Thanks again,have to start use both,then see reg,,,sky

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Another closure at Sunday market open.

http://bobthoughts.net/Basket14.htm

--- 帖子 #31 ---
This is Basket14_03?

--- 帖子 #32 ---
No, it's 02, trades always initially entered in the one direction.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
OK, I started 03 tonight.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Is there some kind or Equity trail built in? I have my Basket close at $5 but account is at $22 and still going ?? (pic shows $17)

Actually also just noticed that it has closed a few trades at -$5 and -$6 and adding extra to the opens, still 14 open though ?? Now I have 11 B and 3 S at +$23

--- 帖子 #35 ---
matrixebiz, read up on the strategy, all your questions should be answered.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
The ProfitTarget setting is a percentage of LastFlatEquity. Your screen comments show that your current Equity is 30771 and your Equity Profit Target is 30797 ($5 above your LastFlatEquity which was 30787). The trades will be closed when Equity reaches 30797 - 26 more $s. This EA will never close all trades based on PL and it will never close all trades for a loss. It is looking for a profit above LastFlatEquity (Equity at time of last close all). Everything is based on equity.

Also, you need to understand that, except for a close all, the EA only closes losing trades and will never close just 1 winner. For that reason, we never try to calculate how much the EA is making or losing until we get a close all.

There are always 14 open trades with this EA. Every time it trims a loser it reopens that pair in the opposite direction. It takes profit by closing all trades when the Profit Target is reached. Then, unless you have set StopAfterNoTrades to true, it will immediately place the 14 trades again and start over.

As MC says, you need to read everything and understand how the EA works.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Hello MetaC and all you.i opened  basket 1403  on friday27.8 18.00(gmt+2) and when market open sunday night it closed usdjpy -69p  audusd  -80p  nzdjpy  -98p,maybe friday evening is not good time open becouse the same pairs are agin about -300p,reg sky

--- 帖子 #38 ---
None of that matters with this strategy.  Occasionally the basket will show some larger negative float than at other times, but with time and smart cut'n'reverse actions, equity pops will come.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
i mean the position was open only 6.5 hour before it closed these minus pairs reg,,,sky

--- 帖子 #40 ---
And I'm telling you it doesn't matter. The equity pops will come.

I think you should spend some time understanding why the losing trades are closed, and the fact that the same pairs are opened in opposite directions (even though the new trades can also become losers), and watch over time and see what happens.

If you think in terms of pips, you'll be missing the point entirely.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
OK and thanks for answer,sometimes things go over my head(if true very often)thanks my no good english understanding,  reg,,,sky

--- 帖子 #42 ---
skyvoice, no problem and I'm glad you're trying the EA.

In the near future, I'll test a Basket14 EA with a 10:1 demo account because there is a broad concensus that we US traders will be limited to 10:1 leverage. I know it will do well but I want to make sure I get the settings right to keep minimum margin in a safe zone.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Mornings MetaC and others. i opened again basket 14-02  30.08   09.00 and it closed 31.08  09.44  +1% .i use it live but only 0.01 lot ,reg,,, sky

--- 帖子 #44 ---
New profits continue to be taken.

http://bobthoughts.net/Basket14.htm

Note: this demo is a 200:1 account and uses the EAs with their default settings.

See the first post of the thread for settings you could try for 100:1 and 10:1 leveraged accounts.  The suggested settings for 100:1 should duplicate my results (big promise, huh) and you shouldn't see your Lowest Margin drop much below 250%,

---

Also just started a demo with 10:1 leverage. Settings are MaxMarginToUse = 3.0 and ProfitPct = 0.3.

http://bobthoughts.net/Basket14_10_to_1.htm

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Thanks for the edit of previous post and post #1

The info about the settings for the different leverages is much appreciated.

I notice in your "bobthought live trading links" the lotsize change. It becomes larger when the account grows, I assume?

Still testing Basket 14_3.

Started 30 okt. @ 06:00.

Still runnning but looks like its gonna hit the 1% tonight or tomorrow, I guess.

Let it know when it happens.

It only made one cut and reversal 31 okt. @ 07:42.

EDIT: took the 1% profit 31 okt. @ 19:05

Did this on a 10.000 demo account with max margin to use at 1%. and use smallest lot set to true. Lots set at 0.1

But started another one. Max margin at 2% (100-1 leverage) and smallest lot set to false, lots set at 0.1.

It did start with 0.1 lots. So my margin is around the 1000%. Why doesn't it use larger lots with this accountbalance?

--- 帖子 #46 ---
awesome a thread finally not deviating from the topic! knock on wood. basket pop happened over night for me... started last night too.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Thanks Metacoder ,great stuff.  I cant seem to get this to trade on my broker Tadawul. No on chart display but have smiley.  I have it running on 2 other brokers just fine . No matter what settings, I get no trades on Tadawul.  200-1, 4 digit,  lots on Tadawul  are in increments of .05 with .05 being the smallest as well. Thanks.

Version 2.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
My test of 02 this week is cruising along nicely.  however I have a question about the lotsizing.

Code says its sposed to use 1% of available margin at default setting, which I am using.

However, on my 1800 demo account, it's opened .06 size trades, and is using $356 of my available 1800 margin (300:1 demo).

How is this math determined?  Not complaining, highest dd i have seen all week has been about 8% and have banked 5% profit already, but still trying to understand how the lot sizing works.

Thanks, love your 'no bs' ea and style!

--- 帖子 #49 ---
hi...I also encountered the same problem before. Try changing the equity use from 1.0 to 0.5....It works for me. After doing that,trades were opened with 0.05 mini lots.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
many small losses overnight with V2.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
last night, there were 2 cut n reverse. scared me a bit.but after a while, losses were covered and my live trades closed in profit. Exactly 1%, only by using 0.05 minilots..very cool if u ask me...

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Yep, that's the way this EA works. No need to be scared of the trim/reverses. You will surely see more than 2, but the EA will always come back into profit. In earlier versions that MetaCoder and I tested I have seen it recover from 25 or more trims and finally come back to take profit. The trick is to try to limit the number of trims required so that we take profit more quickly.

On that note, MetaCoder, if you are still around, I wonder if we may possibly have the RVI working backward in Basket14_03, as I think we may have in LooserKM_09 (see my post in that thread). My original Basket14_01 (called by a slightly different name from our other group) has been doing better than 03 this week. I was expecting 03 to perform better using the RVI for direction.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Just got back from a short mid-week vacation.

Frazer, using the RVI might be useless, as is using other means of trying to glean useful information from any movement between two sides of a pure synthetic hedge consisting of many pairs. As I said when I first posted version 03, I don't think it will matter whether we try to pick sides for the two groups of pairs. It all comes out in the wash.

Just to demonstrate my confidence in the Basket14 strategy, I set one of my demos to stop trading on the next full closure.

I can't say WHEN it will close, only that it will, FOR PROFIT. And when it does, the account will be flat and the balance will be in the neighborhood of $3,440.00. That will represent an almost 15% gain in what will almost surely be less than a month of trading. Lowest margin so far is 514%.

Here is where it sits now:

http://bobthoughts.net/Basket14.htm

___

todder, we can't help you if all you post is that chart. Read the FAQ for using my EAs, then try again. If you still have questions and are serious about getting them answered, at least post a statement and not just a chart.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
second leg closed last night when i was asleep,for another 1% of profit.

now, moving on to leg 3..

--- 帖子 #55 ---
You are well aware of my confidence in the Basket14 concept. I will post my spreadsheets the end of the week. As you know, I don't stop trading when I do that but I do all my calculations based on the last close-all and carry any hanging losses for the week over to the next week to be dealt with by the next close-all.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
hmmm... 101 Basket Trading you say ?

This EA is too risky just because it have been made in mq4.

The only way to build a safe enougth EA related to 101 BTS would be coding it in mq5 or Java for Dukascopy....those trading software allow multi-trading backtest !

Other wise, too risky, unknow, imprevisible....

--- 帖子 #57 ---
MT5 is stable ?!? or still beta ?

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Well dinhero, if you want to depend on back testing to determine risk you are welcome to rewrite the code in MQ5, the beta language, and back test all you want. Please let us know when you get it done.

Forward testing is the only accurate way to test an EA. I can tell you that Basket14_01 is the result of extensive forward testing. we have been working with the 14 pair basket for more than a year and have tried numerous methods of trimming losing trades. I can assure you that this EA works quite well in forward, demo testing.

Take it or leave it and good luck with your back testing method of determining risk. I surely hope that it does not get you in trouble.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
The Basket 01 performed for me better than the 03.

Let's see what will happen next week....

--- 帖子 #60 ---
All righty, if you say so.

The only thing in common with Trader 101's old "strategy" is the selection of currency pairs.  This is a very different strategy than what Trader 101 proposed, and it is among the LEAST risky you will ever encounter.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Mmmmmm, basket 14_3 is acting weird. Still here Metacoder?

It has 9 trades open (7buy, 2 sell) and wants to open new trades. But they cannot get opened.

Marge niveau is 422%

Max margin to use is 2%. The lots that are open and the ones that have been closed are 0.4 lotsize.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Please read my FAQ.   Good chance you need a Show All in the Market Watch pane.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Read it in the beginning and I do have show all.

It has traded since last night. But now it cannot open new trades. It closed a few trades at 13:30 today.

At the warning screen I have a lot "old tick" messages.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Are you sure that broker offers all of the pairs used by the EA?  It probably does, or I don't believe the EA would trade at all.

I know nothing about the broker you're using and even with your screenshot, I can't diagnose what could be wrong.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Sorry, but saw you were online. So thought I post it quick.

But you're right. Without info it is hard to help.

Broker: FXCM Demo $ 10.000

Smallest lot is 0.1, wich is also my smallest lot size in the option screen of the EA. Use smallest lot is set to false.

Free Margin is 7471. Marge "niveau" is 427%

Leverage is 100:1 (I assume, but EA shows 200:1)

Max margin allowed is 2%

Rest of the EA's settings are default.

EDIT:

The pairs it tries to open are provided with the broker. It actually traded them till 13:30 today, but I think it wanted to cut 'n reverse those pairs. Looked it up. The pairs it tries to open are indeed pairs that the EA did cut with an loss.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
I set the max margin to use to 1% while the EA was running. Didn't help.

After that I deleted the global variables ( F3 ) and then it did open the trades at 0.1 lotsize till the maximum of 14.

But it still tried to open new trades. I think I f*cked it up a bit by deleting the variables.

I bail it out and gonna test Basket 14 2 next week.

Thanks for your time. Sorry to flood your tread with a lot of posts in a short time.

If someone knows what happened or has seen the same, please let me know.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Yes, try starting fresh.  I haven't seen this before.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Attached are 2 spreadsheets for your review and information. The one called Basket14_2010_01 is the same EA as Basket14_01 posted on this thread.

For information, so that you will know how to read these sheets, I keep statistics weekly, each week has a separate tab/sheet in the workbook. I sort the Account History by closing date/Time by clicking on the second column title "Time" towards the right side of the page. That shows you the sequence in which trades closed and gives a very clear picture of how the EA works. I then copy and paste the weekly info directly into my spreadsheet, color code the trim closings and have the spreadsheet calculate all the desired information.

When you open the attachment it will be on the latest week's report. You can click the tabs to the left along the bottom to view previous weeks reports.

You will note that Basket14_01 has been running since 25 July and has gained 10.4% profit. That is in spite of the fact that it went 2 straight weeks, 1 Aug - 13 Aug, without a close-all for profit.

Basket14_03 has only been running for 1 week and the last close-all netted almost 4% profit rather than the expected 1%. I have no explanation for that except possibly there was a strong move in favor of those trades at the time it was closing. Because of that anomaly it had a 6.5% gain for the week.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Meta Coder,

Please, is there one you favor over the other?

Thank you,

s

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Those reports are so easy to read and understand, Frazer.  They've always been a help in zeroing in on better strategies, so thank you!

--- 帖子 #71 ---
The 2 EAs, Basket14_01 and Basket14_03 are essentially the same except that 03 attempts to use the multi-pair RVI to determine which set of 7 trades to open long and which to open short. Since we were using the RVI backward in Looser_09, it is quite possible that it was not coded correctly in Basket14_03 as well. I think MetaCoder's answer will be that he prefers 01. He is not very high on using indicators to determine entry direction. See his last post in the "6 Pair Looser Strategy EA Discussion" thread.  EDIT: MetaCoder's statement about using indicators for entry is at Post 53 of this thread.. Sorry

I kind of like the idea of using the RVI and have modified 03, reversing the < and > in the "Determine which group to buy and which to sell" section. The modified version will start running when market opens tomorrow evening. I just want to see if it makes any difference in performance.

One thing I forgot to mention in my last post is that in my Basket14_03 demo I changed the ExceedenceTrigger to 2. I had been running Basket14_2010_01 demo using that setting for a couple of weeks and it seemed to be doing better than the default 3 setting (see attached spreadsheet),still keeping the number of trims between close-alls to a minimum, which is the purpose of the ExceedenceTrigger.

Remember that my EA called Basket14_2010_01 is the same as the Basket14_01 uploaded to the 1st post of this thread by MetaCoder.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
In the Basket14 EAs, I do not use the RVI signal line which is where the error was (I had reversed the proper usage of RVI signal and RVI main), so the coding error did not carry over. I simply compare the RVI main values of the two sets of 7 pairs.  Having said that, I continue to believe it doesn't matter in the long run which set of 7 is used for longs and which is used for shorts.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
hi all...

leg 3,done last week during NFP. booked profit for 2%.

now moving to leg 4, still ongoing but had 3 cut n reverse.but no problem actually because overall balance is still in profit just by using ver 03

--- 帖子 #74 ---
sorry guys, what does it mean by leg 1, leg 2 and leg3?

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Oh dear what happened how come your results are so different from

Others?

--- 帖子 #76 ---
That is not necessarily different. He hasn't told us enough to know what is happening with his account. But this EA will almost always have several losses before it comes into profit and closes all trades. Occasionally it may close all trades without trimming losers, but that is a rare happening. See the spreadsheets I posted above.

--- 帖子 #77 ---
I think what needs to be understood by more thread readers is that this strategy intentionally trims the biggest loser and opens an opposite-direction trade on the same pair whenever at least three losing pairs have breached their 24-hour high/low.

The way this is done is quite restrained, such that overtrimming is avoided. We want to do just enough trimming that we allow the same market action that triggered the trimming to take us to profit.

So do not be alarmed when the first actions taken by the EA make your balance shrink. If you are patient, a rise in equity will occur and all trades will be closed for profit.

There are old-school elements to this strategy, such as diversification (14 pairs), cut your losses early (cut the BIGGEST loser when market action makes it a logical decision), and let your winners run (until you come into profit).

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Frazerd, thanks for the spreadsheet info.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
You're welcome. I do them for my own use to better analyze how the EA is working and sometimes get ideas that might improve it. I'm happy to share them and hope they help others understand better how the EAs work.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
hi...leg is just my own way to say round.

leg 1 = round 1 (ea start trading until close all open position)

leg 2 = round 2 (ea open another 14 position & closed it afterward)

and so on...u get the idea.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Thanks! got it now.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Anyone using this puppy live?  If my forward test of this goes well this month I'll chuck it on a small nano account for live tests and I'll post to myfxbook if anyone is interested.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Not live yet. But running 01 demo. I'll let you guys know how the results are after a while.

Also thanks Metacoder and Frazerd for the information and (live) results.

And i'm interested in your live results reynante, so please post if you're going live.

Good luck everybody

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Hi, any idea what condition will cause the pairs to start to trim and reverse? some of my pairs has already went -200pips but no trim and reverse yet.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
MetaCoder has explained that several times on this thread. Are you reading?

--- 帖子 #86 ---
frazerd,

It closed out it's first batch. $ 53.63  with .03 lots.  v.03

Thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Explained as recently as post #77, first paragraph.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Meta: I have installed Confirm14_03 yesterday, No trades yet and I understand that it may take some time for some trades to take place but I want to make sure I have the proper settings: So here they are

Bailout = False

Slippage = 3

MiniSize = 10000

StdSize = 100000

MaxTrades = 14

Sunday = 0

Monday = 1

Tuesday =2

Wednesday = 3

Thurdsay = 4

Friday = 5

Saturday = 6

UserTradingAllowed = True

StopAfterNoTrades = False

UseSmallestLot = False

MaxMarginToUse = 2.0

Lots = 0.1

ProfitPct = 1.0

MaxMiniProfit = 1000.0

MaxStd = 10000.0

Magic Number is there as well

I have it set up on ForexMeta demo account $50,000 in account @ 100:1 margin - Please let me know if these settings are correct, I also went to market watch and selected show all - Thanks Juiceman

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Metacoder,

We are grateful!!

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
The settings look correct to me but I advise trading a demo account of the same type and leverage level as your live account, with those exact settings, before you roll into a live account, just to be sure.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
I'm running four different demos, each with a different leverage level. I have a 200:1, a 100:1, a 50:1 and a 10:1.

None of these has seen a margin level below 200% and all of them have gone through at least two profit-taking cycles ("legs" as they were called earlier).

You will notice that while one account's trades sit in positive profit, another's might be negative. This is because different pairs will be your biggest losers, and the cycles will sit at varying stages of maturity, depending on when you started the EA.

With patience, we always expect to see profit taken eventually, and sometimes much faster than we expect.

Another thing to notice is that this strategy does not care about pips, it does not track pips at all.

I see so many forum members talking in terms of pips, indicators, stop and limit levels, and usually within the context of trying to make steady profit from a single currency pair. A strategy like Basket14 will seem quite foreign to those who think that way.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Will do - Thanks Meta

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Meta: I just noticed that ForexMeta does not have the NZD/JPY pair so will the "Confirm_14" still work - Thanks Juiceman

--- 帖子 #94 ---
MetaCoder,

pip amount is more more than I've hope for!

thanks

--- 帖子 #95 ---
No but if you can identify a synthetic hedge using a large number of pairs they do offer, the EA can be modified to trade that basket of pairs.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...4&postcount=68

I want to point out that studying frazerd's posts and notated spreadsheets is a superb way to gain insight into the Basket14 strategy.  With his highlights and notations, he clearly shows how the EA trims selected pairs, then later closes the whole basket for a profit.  Often, the trimmed pairs that have been reversed contribute to getting into profit.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
My Daily Blonde Question.....how do you get metatrader platforms to show a statement like below in this thread.  I keep trying and failing.  I know it will be simple.......but its only simple if you know.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
If you are talking about my statements, they are excel spreadsheets. I copy and paste the info from my statements into a spreadsheet. I think I explained pretty well how I do that in the post that MetaCoder referenced above.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Meta: Went to another broker with all the pairs as listed in the forum - worked like a champ, opened trades almost instantly . Thanks Juiceman

--- 帖子 #100 ---
I do think this method has some merit.  However, I believe it is just luck of the draw when it comes to making profit.  I have had my trades open for over a week now.  Trimmed one trade  have not closed for any profits.  Im sure there are several of you guys that closed and reopened for a profit a few times last week.  I however did not. Its just luck where you get it!

--- 帖子 #101 ---
very simple answer - Go to account history tab in terminal.  then right click on any trade in the history and click save as detailed report.  click save and there you go.  do with it what you will

--- 帖子 #102 ---
spread do play a big role in my opinion, GY shouldn't be more than 3 and GC shouldn't be more than 4pip.

the earlier profit target is reached at 2%, the sooner it will accumulate gains, and restart a new batch of hedging process.
http://www.100forexbrokers.com/fx/broker_search.php

--- 帖子 #103 ---
The trades can be open longer than that, yet they will come into profit. Luck definitely plays a role in how fast a particular cycle reaches profit, but not in whether the basket will eventually reach profit. It will.

I suggest you pursue other strategies. This one is obviously not for you.

The ones that quickly grab a few pips as soon as possible but are prone to massive drawdowns should be more to your liking.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Does spread come into play? if so i am in  big trouble because instaforex GY is 7pips spread! arghhh

--- 帖子 #105 ---
hi all. i am using this baby on my live account, tadawul fx with 1.5k in capital and leverage 500:1. my setting is to open 0.05 mini lots for every legs. margin has never fall below 700%. currently hanging around in leg 4. leg 1 to 3, all closed in 1% - 2% in profit. in leg 4, few cut n reverse happened because leg 4 was opened right after NFP release.

I also agreed with MC, not everyone is suitable with this kind of trading. so for those people, find another system to use.

just my 2 cents....

--- 帖子 #106 ---
The spread will not affect how the EA works. It will always close for 1%(+/-) profit, or whatever you have ProfitPct set for. The spread may cause it to get to the 1% slower or faster, but it WILL get there.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
nice.. faaiz... nice to know some people using this live. helps with creating confidence in this methodology! I will put my live account up at the end of this month's forward test.  any chance of posting to fxbook or mt4 stats?

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Most imortantly is this EA can make me sleep well at night.....

--- 帖子 #109 ---
not right now because in my statement, it doesnt only show the trades that were taken up by basket 14_03. i mixed it up with my manual trading as well. but i can assure u that all of my posts are not BS, i only speak the truth because up to this point, i have a very high respect to MC and frazerd. I have been following them from Confirm_14 and finally settle down with Basket 14_03.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
are you using it live as well?

--- 帖子 #111 ---
can this ea work with other eas or will be a problem with balance/equity calculation?

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Three very important posts on these last two pages---103,106,108.

These should be etched in our memories.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
One question, please. If 1% of my acct is29.26, and the profit is set to 1% and the basket is up 60$, should it close out?

s

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Closed out another batch today!  v. 03,  .03 lots. $29.59. Exactly 1% of acct.

Job well done!

--- 帖子 #115 ---
I have downloaded V03 on Sunday night put on demo account since then. Demo account have balance of 10,000 and leverage set at 200:1.

Did not change anything when attaching the EA. Until now have not entered a single trade.

Any idea?

P.S. I just realised that my demo account is set at 500:1 leverage, although i did change to 200:1 when opening a new demo account. Could this be the problem?

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Try setting minsize to 1000 and stdsize to 5000

Otherwise try setting use smallest lot to true.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Hi ,

give this tip http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...5&postcount=62 a try

Btw, MC and frazerd : very nice job ! Keep it up..

Many pips,

Indiana

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Thanks for the feedback everyone.

In choppy action, you might wonder when the wind will return and fill your sails.  All I know is that eventually it will happen.  When your patience is rewarded with yet another equity jump, you will start to gain confidence in the old sayings "diversify, cut your losers, let your winners run".

Meanwhile, the your basket is likely to be in a mostly synthetically hedged situation (except for the few trades that were reversed), meaning that any kind of market action will not hurt your account very much.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Thanks Metacoder for the warning.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Hi,

I am using the latest version.  I have everthing set to the defaults.  The little guy is smiling.  I am not getting any trades.  It has been running for a good 12 hours on the m15 tf.  Any ideas?

Ron

--- 帖子 #121 ---
I have been reading this thread with great interest and believe in the theory behind the logic.

I am willing to put this on a small, live account for forward testing.

I currently have $1,503.91 in a live mini account with IBFX with 100:1 leverage.

I modified the "MaxMarginToUse to 2.0" as suggested in MetaCoders first post.  All other inputs left at default.

When the Basket14-03 opened, it opened all 7 buy orders.  It opened each buy with 2.0 lots.  However, it could not open any of the sell orders.

My trade journal says :

2010.09.08 11:20:22 '34175': order sell 2.00 EURCHFm opening at 0.00000 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]

I also received this message for all the other sell attempts.

It seems to me that the EA is attempting to open too large of a lot size for the account equity size?

Again, the only thing I modified in the user inputs was the ""MaxMarginToUse to 2.0" as suggested by Metacoder on the first post.

The default lot size in the EA is set at ".1"  It makes me think I should change that user input to ".01"?

Any assistance with this is greatly appreciated as once I get the EA trading properly on my live mini account, I will report back with some results.

Thanks for any assistance and great idea Metacoder!

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Your settings seem right but make sure the EA is identifying your account as a mini account.

The correct lot size should be 0.20 or 0.25... something like that, not 2.00

Other than that, I wouldn't have a clue.

(I did test it on account that the EA would not work on because it identified the account as a standard account, which it was not).

--- 帖子 #123 ---
2.0 lots is not consistent with MaxMarginToUse set at 2.0 and a mini account that has $1,503.91. Sounds like the account is probably a standard account, not a mini.

Changing the default lot size from 0.1 to 0.01 will have no effect; that setting is an artifact from ancient EAs, sorry for the confusion.

The EA will work on a standard account, by the way.

Note that versions 02 and 03 put the burden on the user to make sure they're running the EA on an account with a big enough balance for the account type, whereas version 01 bails out if the balance isn't big enough for the account type.

I always recommend first running the EA on a demo account with the exact balance, leverage level and account type as the live account you want to run it on.  This will help avoid surprises and should be more than worth the extra effort.

If more people start trading these live, I'll do my best to identify the most common issues encountered and build safeguards and reminders into the EA.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Please do not run this EA with other EAs and PLEASE read my FAQ.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=252690

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Make sure all pairs are listed in Market Watch.  If nothing else, delete and reinstall. He should take trades immediately.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
I have mine on an IBFX mini demo acct with 3000$.  100 leverage. All default. No problem.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Metacoder,

I have just confirmed with IBFX that my account is a mini account and not a standard account.

I do know that IBFX uses an "m" designation after their currency pairs for identification. For example, the euro is identified as EURUSDm. Could that be cause for confusion between the EA and the mini account?

I agree with your suggestion of using a demo account to avoid any suprises. However, this is a real bug that is happening now on a real live mini account.

I would love to continue to forward test this on my live mini account. Is there any chance you could reveiw the code to see what could be causing this discrepancy? I have no experience or knowledge of coding and would be greatful for your further assistance!

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Sanyhuis,

According to Metacoders first post, you need to alter the "MaxMarginToUse to 2.0" with a 100:1 leverage account.

Are you saying that you have not changed this user input and the EA is trading appropriately for you?

--- 帖子 #129 ---
No, the 'm' appendment is 100% known, understood and handled. The EAs handle any kind of mangling of the standard currency symbol strings, and are especially known to work on IBFX accounts.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
A very large number of hours went into making these EAs robust and correct. They work for others rock-solid and your problem appears to be unique.

The problem almost certainly lies not in the EA's source code, but in some aspect of your MetaTrader client configuration.

If I were there with you and could see your setup, I could probably fix your problem very quickly, but alas I am not.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
islandtrader41,

Can you upload a copy of the exact source code (mq4 file) you are using?

And if you can, a screen snapshot of the chart you have the EA attached to, showing all of the EA's comments?

Screen snapshots are accomplished via Ctl-PrtScn or Alt-PrtScn, then open Paint and Ctl-V (paste) into Paint, then save, then upload.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I am running version 02 live on an IBFX mini acct with a balance of about $760. Using default settings, max margin set to 1. The EA is taking trades at a size of .08 which is $0.08 per pip.

One set of trades closed after about 27 hours with a profit of slightly less than 1%. It immediately opened another basket about 13 hours ago.

The first basket trimmed and reversed one trade, the second trimmed and reversed twice so far. As I type this, it is up about $2.40.

This is the closest thing to a set and forget system that I've seen.

Thanks Metacoder,

Bubba

--- 帖子 #133 ---
MetaCoder,

The mq4 source code that I am using was downloaded from your very first post just a few hours ago.

Attached is a screen shot of my MT4 with journal included.

Of note....Balance and Equity are accurate.  However, the last flat balance and last flat equity are both showing $100,000.

That is incorrect and possibly the cause of it opening such large lots?

Why would this be happening and how can I correct that?

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Hello Metatrader,

Your system is one of kind i could say...

However, i'd like to run it on one of my live accounts, the smallest one, that i don't really trust any more for any recovery.

My live account that i'd like to run this EA is 100 $. Witch would be the settings for this kind of account?

I'd really really apreciate an answer, so that i don't screw the little money that are left on that account.

Thanks a lot,

waiting for you answer

--- 帖子 #135 ---
You have found the root cause of your problem. Probably those values are left over from running the EA on a previous account.

Close your chart which will stop the EA.

Hit F3 and and edit the global variables so that last flat balance and last flat equity are what they were before you started the EA, then close that window.

Repoen a chart and reattach the EA. Then you should see correct last flat balance/equity on your screen comments.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
catalin_tm, the EA will use the smallest lot size available with your broker to trade your account.  $100 is a very small amount to trade any strategy.  I wish you the best luck in any case.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
between switching acct; it's a safe thing to closed down chart that has the EA attached to, and still have trades active.  This procedure should not be overlook while using this or other EA's.

Think of it as switching driver while driving long distant, u must first stop the car to do so(close the chart)

--- 帖子 #138 ---
I don't quite understand your question, getting. EDIT: I guess it wasn't a question, party on!  I like your link showing your trades!

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Am I the only one that likes the Basket_01 better than 04?

I have started the 2 versions this Sunday at the same time.

01 closed first basket at 1% profit, opened a second one.

The 04 is still running the first basket at balance loss.

I had simmilar result last week.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Sorry, I mean basket 03, not 04 in the previous post.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Pluto2, note that in the short term, one account might look more favorable because of when the EA was started. A biggest loser on an EA that was started this morning will be a different biggest loser than on one that was started this evening, and the confirming losers will also be different.

In the long run, it comes out in the wash because when one account is waiting for the next equity pop, another is getting a good flow of cycles. Then they might switch places where the one that did the waiting is now the one getting the good equity pop frequency.

Version 03's use of the RVI indicator does nothing more than add a randomizing element to which direction to trade each side of the hedge. In your example, I'll bet 03 opened the trades in the opposite direction compared to 01. Is that true? If so, it was quite random.

On a somewhat related note, there are some mind-bending things I observed when I took time to track the two sides of this pure synthetic hedge. I wrote EAs that multiplied the exchange rates of each group of seven and then compared the two products after every tick. The two sides stay mostly equivalent at most given timepoints, though occasionally significant non-equivalencies did appear. IF one could have taken trades on the correct side at the EXACT exchange rates presented in certain time windows, one could SURELY have made profit.

The problem is that the non-equivalencies are corrected faster than the fourteen trades could be opened, thus destroying the advantage. I think in only one or two instances did I successfully detect and take advantage of significant non-equivalencies, take trades on them, and achieve profit. And from a heavily filtered, spread-manipulating broker like IBFX! It was cool to have my observations validated, but I saw that the trade frequency was not going to get anyone excited. If I could get TRUE transparency, paper-thin fixed spreads, and INSTANT (I mean a few milliseconds) execution, I guarantee I could use such a bot to make big profits in the safest imagineable way. However, the brokers understand that and have apparently put safeguards of some kind in place. Makes sense, I would too.

The mind-bending part is that, over time, the two sides' net movement over time can be such that one side's magnitude of movement is significantly more than the other's (mathematically equivalent to a GBPUSD long moving farther than a GBPUSD short when both were opened at the same time!!!). Yet somehow the single-timepoint equivalencies stay in place! Now a trader is left to wonder: will one side's greater motion continue in the same direction, and how much, and for how long, or will that motion immediately contract to compensate for the smaller movement on the other side? The answer is that these things are UNKNOWABLE and UNCONTROLLABLE. Add to that the fact that the broker can play with spreads at will, and you as the trader are left to figure out how as a coyote can you get a few morsels of sinew off the bones after the wolves are done.

Or, can you do better than that?

What kind of strategy can take advantage of directional movement when it occurs within a synthetic hedge basket, yet still maintain a mostly balanced set of positions?

In my mind, a strategy like Basket14 is one of the possible answers.

--- 帖子 #142 ---
good explanation Metacoder; felt like I was listening and comprehending  to a college math lecture(compliment)

Good job Metacoder!

--- 帖子 #143 ---
MetaCoder,

Thank you!!!  This is exactly what the problem was.

I have followed your instructions and the basket has opened properly with 7 buys and 7 sells.  Lot size is now much more appropriate at .3 with my MaxMarginToUse set at 2.0

Ill post some live results as they come in.

Thanks again for the excellent code and assistance MetaCoder!

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Excellent, party on, traders.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
MetaCoder,

What a fantastic reply! Thanks for taking the time for such a detailed explanation.

I am beginning to realize how much time/work have you and Frazerd invested into this EA/method.

Thanks for sharing it with us.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Hello Metacoder,

I have been trading robot #3 for about two days starting with $1000.00 demo account.  It trades .01 lots per pair.  I have made about $2.00 profit.  It that a reasonable amount to make in such a space of time?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Yea BoY!!!

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Just put version 03 on a 1k demo acc't. It opened trades immediately. Pretty cool to watch it fire up. I'm extremely impressed, MC. I'll post results as I get 'em.

Thanks for sharin'. Really.

Mike

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Wow! Just as I was on Loosers thread (then linked to the Currency Ring theory),  now I feel that I have found the GrandDaddy of these types of basket systems.

Much respect to MetaCoder and friends for sharing a beautiful system with everyone.

I will be definitely be trying this out today

Cheers,

the-game.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Hi MetaCoder,

I have a weird question...

In your experience in using either 03/04, how long would trades be open for?

EDIT: Scratch that... I'll get to the point.

Why do you use the M15 TF for your RVI calcs in 03/04?  Wouldn't you get false directional signals?

I'm just suggesting to use the H4 TF to get a better directional signal.

It's a minor thing, but either way your EAs should work regardless - I'm just exchanging ideas :-)

Thanks,

the-game.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Hi, Ive been running this for couple day on a nano acct.  Untouched it closed some trades and reopened at a different lot size. Is this correct?  Thanks

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Meta: Loaded up Confirm14 two days ago and 2% in my account, I must say that I am impressed so far. Thanks again Juiceman

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Toddler,

think u need to do a  "show all" in market watch column,

most of your opening should be opening at the same time, your currently doesn't

start from scratch.....but if this is live acct, then it tougher to swallow

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Only because eTrader used that timeframe with the Looser strategy, that's the only reason.

As all signals are based on past information, it's mighty difficult to declare any signal "true" or "false".  Bigger timeframe indicators CAN uncover a longer-term and possibly more prevailing wind direction, but nothing is guaranteed when using past data to try to predict future events as I'm sure you know.

With version 03, I look at my usage of the RVI indicator as a randomizer -- nothing more, nothing less.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
All right, so now I'm sure a few of you are looking at balance and equity drawdowns and wondering if the EA will get you to a fresh equity pop at some point in the future.

Thoughts?  Emotions?

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Frankly it's tempting to pull the plug and declares it doesn't work.  But other than that everything's fine.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Will this EA automatically do the cut n reverse thing as I attached this EA to a chart yesterday after Newyork market close. It has done nothing since then. The lot size, margin etc. all parameters look fine.

Am I missing something here?

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Thoughts? --> I don't have to think. The Basket EA does that for me!

Emotions? --> D*mn, what the heck is that thing doing......

Hehe, time for vacation. I'll let it run and see what happens. I'm sure it will end up right. Also when it makes a lot of cut 'n reverses first.

Still confident with it.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
I don't have any problems with it. You told us yesterday this could happen and here it is. Frazer has said it will always end up in profit. I believe him.  I think sometimes that if it lasts too long the rollover will be great. But how often does that happen? It still goes til it hits the profit target.....I sleep at night. I don't have massive drawdowns, just small to medium ones, and I'm happy! I thank you guys so very much.

5 gold stars!!!

--- 帖子 #160 ---
It usually happens one morning when you aren't expecting it.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Thoughts?

Well, if it's losing money, it's doing it a heck of a lot slower than I usually do.
Emotions?

It's on an emotion-free demo account. Complete detachment. Complete bliss. Complete boredom. Zero stress. Trading as it should be.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
I was wondering if anyone has tried it live as these days due to volatile mkt conditions cut n reverse could actually shrink the small accounts like mine ($2000) to a point where no further trades could be taken by the EA. I don't want my account to get wiped out.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Well you could always crank down the max margin setting to a more comfortable level (unless you're scraping the minimum lot size at that point).

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Here is a spreadsheet for an older version of this EA that will do 2 things for you. First you can see where it has, several times, come back into profit after numerous trimming trades. Secondly it will give you some idea of how this EA has evolved. This one was named after me - I think MetaCoder was just trying to humor me.

It is exactly the same EA as Basket14_01 except that It trimmed every trade that went above/below it's 24 hr high or low. It did not have the ExceedenceTrigger, which has been incorporated into the Basket14 EAs with the goal of reducing the number of trims required to get the basket into profit. I started this EA at the same time I started Basket14_2010_01 (Basket14_01) which I posted last week. They both picked up a little over 10% profit from 25 Jul - 3 Sep, but Basket14_01 did it with a lot fewer trims/long draw downs.

I still have the frazerd version running (can't abandon my namesake) and it is in another long trimming period with 14 trims carried over from last week and 9 more this week for a total of 23 and it is still a long way from the Profit Target and will probably not close this week. But I'm confident that it will close eventually with another 1% profit above the last close-all. I will keep you posted.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
That is not likely to happen if you have your MaxMarginToUse set properly. What setting you should use is dependent on the leverage of your account. MetaCoder has addressed that issue for smaller leveraged accounts, which is the way he intends to trade. I trade at 500:1 leverage and I use 0.2 for my setting and that works well for me. If the EA works as intended, even though you may experience a large number of trims which reduce your balance, enough of those (not all) when reopened in the opposite direction will become winners and that keeps the equity high enough to keep the account safe. Here is my statement for that account I just talked about that has 23 trims right now. I've highlighted the 23 trims, the -1275 closed trades, the 600(+) PL plus the equity and free margin. The account is still quite safe in spite of the losses.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
That's a lot of trims Frazer!  Do you have ExceedenceTrigger at 2?

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Is this your live account statement?

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Meta: I notice you keep adding scripts/codes for the Basket trading. So my question is and maybe it is dumb but which is better, basket or confirm or are they both the same with different parameters - Thanks Juiceman

--- 帖子 #169 ---
When I'm in a heavy development phase, I am always trying new things.

The "confirm" line of EAs is too specific in its confirmation criteria, I don't like it.

With the Basket14 series, I'm looking at different ways to improve entries so we come into profit sooner with greater frequency. I still haven't fully cracked the mysteries of the ebb and flow of how the two sides of the mathematically pure synthetic hedge move toward and away from each other (the question is not whether they do -- they most certainly do), and whether we can get a handle on it via composite RVIs or some other indicator.

I would love to find a way of identifying the outer limits of movement of the two sides of the hedge (version 05 is a stab, not quite in the dark, but not as precise as I'd like). I think I should try to enlist some indicator developers, some of whom appear to frequent this forum.

Anyway...

Version 04 looks like it may never take trades, making it very safe.

Version 05 SHOULD take trades and I'll be curious about the results.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Meta: Thanks for the reply I understand now where you are heading with this. Juiceman

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Meta: So far Confirm_14 is doing exactly what it is supposed to do and I am satisfied with my results 2% in two days is good enough for me - Thanks Juiceman

--- 帖子 #172 ---
What if we use this basket 14 EA as an indicator on demo account and take trades opened by this EA after cut n reverse on our live account.

Does this make sense

--- 帖子 #173 ---
We partially explored such a concept using "phantom trades".  This eliminates the need for a separate demo account.  We can take snapshots of exchange rates at a given time, pretend we have opened trades even though we did not, then track how our phantom trades would be doing, then open real trades (or not) based on what we see.

Your thinking is along a good line in my opinion, but I have limited time and energy to explore it with more EAs.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
This is Frazerd14, before we had any ExceedenceTrigger.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Oh right, sorry, you even said so!

--- 帖子 #176 ---
No, I just started trading live with Basket14_01 yesterday. It's the first time I've traded live in over 2 years. I have worked with MC and waited until I thought we had a really good EA. I think this is it and it will get even better as MC continues to tweak it and try new things.

BTW MC,  I am using ExceedenceTrigger(ET) 2 on one of my demos and also on the live account. It trims a little faster than ET 3, yet still seems to limit the number of trims quite well. Since 22 Aug, when I started the one with ET 2, the demo that's running with ET 2 has closed 9 times with 6 being the most trims between close-all. During that same 3 weeks ET 3 has closed only 7 times while the most trims between closes-alls was 3. So it's a toss up. You get more close-alls quicker with ET 2, but the trade off is the possibility of twice as many trims, but still much improved over no ET.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
MetaCoder,

Your EA is working perfectly now after you provided assistance with it yesterday.

Basket 14-03 has been running for about 24 hours now on my live mini account.

A couple of observations for you:

The starting balance was $1503. Lowest balance has been $1646. A drawdown of about 2.5% However, you have a reference on the EA that refers to "Max Floating Drawdown". That currently shows a value of 1.77% I realize this is because the cut and reverse closed trades that have taken place are no longer considered to be part of the "floating" drawdown. I feel that an "overall drawdown" in percent would be much more helpful in gauging the risk associated with chasing the 1% profit. Does that make sense?

Also, now that Im down about 2%, I presume I leave the EA alone for the upcoming weekend and let it works its way through any gaps that happen come Sundays opening?

What is the highest overall drawdown youve seen?

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Gaps don't matter much with a basket like this.  Highest overall drawdown, can't rightly say.  Frazerd keeps much more data.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
That is amazing. I ran Confirm14_02 for 2 weeks and it never trimmed and never came close to 1% profit, just hovered around break even, up a few $s then down a few. I gave up on it.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Sorry, I have not been tracking Max Draw Down. As long as my accounts don't come close to a margin call I'm a happy camper.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
My own testing showed that it would trim once in a great while. The problem is that the confirmation criteria are too specific to be useful.

Lately with Basket14 we've been seeing trim action with no satisfactory equity pop because broad-based market moves appear to be unfolding, but have no steam behind them.

The market is knotted up in indecision.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Frazer, you might want to try Basket15_Add_01. You asked for something like this a while back, I believe.

Every hour it adds trades to winning pairs. The adder lot size is one tenth of the normal lot size, or the smallest lot size if one-tenth is below the smallest available lot.

A winning pair has to exhibit a profit at least as large as the dollar target in order to get a new trade added for it.

It's hot off the workbench, haven't tested it yet.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Here is a screenshot of the comments on that account that has 23 trims right now if that's any help. Max Floating Drawdown -3.56% and Lowest Margin Level (which means more to me) 2533.84%.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hey, I like the sound of it. I started a demo with Basket_04 last night and it hasn't traded yet. I will replace it with Add_01 mosh scosh. Thanks Meta.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Folks, keep in mind it's a 500:1 account, that's why the high min equity level.

Minimum equity levels around 300% should be quite safe.  I came up with settings that keep us around 200%, pushing the envelope a little.  As you test you can tweak the settings for your comfort levels.

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Yeah and as I think I about it I believe it will open trades about as often as Confirm14 trims...

I didn't think that one through as well as I could have.

Version 05 should be more viable. No solid idea if it will increase early profit taking (of course I THINK it will), have to see it working.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
I just downloaded Add_01. You didn't provide an explanation in Post #1, but I opened the file and it appears from your explanation there that this one only adds to winning pairs and does no trimming at all. Is that correct?

I was hoping it would do both. I will have it up and running very shortly.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
No trimming, only adding.  I guess I thought reversing a trimmed trade, which we currently do, would be about the same as trimming and adding to a winner.  I want to see what happens if we just add to winners.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
We'll see. I have it running, but it will be a while before any pair reaches the $43.64 Dollar Profit Target.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
I found a bug in Basket14_Add.  I fixed it and reuploaded to the first post.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
When you say every hour, what exactly occurs?  Is it every hour at the top of the hour, or exactly an hour from when the initial trade was opened, or does it have to be on the h1 chart?

Thanks.  I am keeping an eye on it to see when it will open an add trade, as I have a few pairs that are sitting over the target dollar and nothing has opened yet.  Will let u know in the next hour if they still don't open

--- 帖子 #192 ---
got my answer i guess, just opened two addon trades exactly at 04:00, so it's on the top of the hour apparently

--- 帖子 #193 ---
All of my Basket EAs (3) have closed on equity pop at least once this week and the 01 set to ET 2 closed twice, but not since yesterday.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
I haven't had a pop in almost 2 days. (45 hrs). Basket 14.03. Trimmed twice.

I've opened a new one for the Basket14_add_01.  It says max trades =14. Should that be changed? to allow for the additional trades?

Thank you.

s

--- 帖子 #195 ---
I am experimenting with using both basket 14 (2 exceedence) and confirm 14 together. This so far is showing reaching quick equity target and closing of trades more often.

What do you all think?

I am also looking at the EAs as indicator only and taking cut n reverse trades in real account but later once I am experienced with this method of trading.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
It is not  unusual to go 2 days or more without a close-all. You have probably seen on my spreadsheets where 1 EA did not have a close-all for 2 weeks but still gained 10% for the month. With only 2 trims you certainly have nothing to be concerned about. You just have to be patient  during the long trim periods.

I'm not sure about the 14 trade setting. Someone yesterday said they had 2 add on trades open so unless they had changed that setting I would say it doesn't matter. However, it will take a long time for an  individual pair to reach the Dollar Profit Target, so don't be looking for any new trades too soon.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
In reply to your post: I am running Confirm14_03 not the 02 version. Three days and I have 3%. I am exicted about this and want to thank you and Meta for putting this up so that we demo it and maybe go live with it.

Thanks Juiceman

--- 帖子 #198 ---
MaxTrades is only to limit the number of initial trades, not the add-ons.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
I'm glad Confirm14_03 is working well for you.  Maybe its specific trim criteria works better than Basket14 for choppy action.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Meta: I am approaching a 10% drawdown is this ok?? Juiceman

--- 帖子 #201 ---
I was wondering if the target cud be set in terms of fixed Dollars instead of % because what I see is lot of work for winner trades to meet the target once the equity reaches at certain level say $10,000 or $20,000. Any views.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
The target IS set in terms of fixed dollars. If you look at your screen comments you will see the dollar amount which is computed by taking 1%, or whatever you have set ProfitPct, of your LastFlatEquity (last close-all).

EDIT: If you feel 1% is too high you can always change it to a lesser %, say .05. This can be done at any time during the trading cycle. If you accumulate a lot of trims and get concerned about not getting to the Equity Profit Target soon enough, just open the Inputs window and change it - it will take effect immediately. That is not a recommendation, but if you are nervous that is a way to close out more quickly.

As your equity/balance grows, the EA will increase the lot size proportionately, which should offset the higher Dollar Profit Target.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
I'll be interested to see if my various demos get to the next equity pop around the same time.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
As i have understanding  that the minimum balance should be $10000 to run this EA,is it right?

if not please explain me how can i run this EA with less than $10000?

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #205 ---
I'm not sure, I'm no expert, but I don't think that's right. I think you can run this on far less if the small lots are available in your acct. I'm running demos on 3000$ and one I started on less than $3000. Having no problem so far. I think it can be done on less with micro lots.

But wait for Frazer or MC to answer properly.

I think what you are talking about is the size of the lots, either mini or standard. I do micros.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
I'm running a demo with 500 bucks and its trading 5 cent lots on ibfx mini demo.  works fine.  also running on 1k demo and its trading  20 cent lots with no problem what so ever.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
No Fred, you can run it on $100 if you want, but not recommended. I would recommend at least $1000.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
thank you frazerd

should i change any setting in  EA to run it on small balance?

regards

--- 帖子 #209 ---
run on nano if u only have $100.  gomarkets lplate account works great for this

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Just run version 02, it doesn't check minimum balance.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
thank you MC

--- 帖子 #212 ---
These two EAs I'm sharing are experimental. The results will confirm or refute certain ideas I have about the multi-pair RVI.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
MC,

I am very impressed with your work and sharing.  Over time, I have read comments in forums about that "other similar strategy", and over and over again, the comment is always about severe drawdown.  You address this problem first and foremost - great job.

About initial selection of which group to Buy/Sell.  I have 5 thoughts on this.

1. Yes - it does matter about the selection and a random (or near random approach) will only extend CloseAlls.  Using a RSI on such a short time period on TF15 6 samples only gives you a short term view to what is going on.

2. Since the groups somewhat simulate the GBPJPY as per your analysis, Maybe we should look at Currency Strength for these two currencies. To Buy the first group, we would look for GBP to be in negative territory with a positive slope and JPY would be in positive territory and have a negative slope.  If we do not have this condition - go to thought 3.

3. Use a weighted approach evaluating each currency from their respective groups, and draw a decision based on weights.  If this does not draw a conclusive decision, go to thought 4.

4. Use a 21 prd H4 SAR instead of Currency Strength as in 2 and 3.   If this does not draw a conclusive decision, go to thought 5.  The SAR is  a great way to tune into the daily trend of a Pair.

5. Flip a coin.

Please take a look at the screen shot below for an idea of what I am talking about.

In closing, I have spent many months trying solve the DD problem using a variety of approaches and I never succeeded.  My input above is an attempt to help and to add a bit of edge to the strategy, but if it does not fit with your thinking - no problem.

KingHigh

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Much appreciated KingHigh, always lots to think about!

--- 帖子 #215 ---
I have been trading Basket 14-3 for three days now on a live mini account. I have one major concern which is this:

My first basket closed with its 1% profit after experiencing a near 5% drawdown. The close all feature of the EA worked perfectly and opened its second basket cycle. Going in to the weekend, the second basket now has a near 10% drawdown.

It just seems to me that the risk reward here is very skewed. 5:1 and 10:1 need to have a VERY high hit rate on achieving their 1% profits to make this EA profitable over the long term.

Any thoughts or similar experiences from others would be appreciated!

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #216 ---
I started running basket 03 at the beginning of the week.  It is down about 10%.

I have been running confirm14, now version 03 since Aug 19 and it is up about 10%.  Significant gains from this past week.

Very intriguing approaches.  Thanks for sharing.

saintmo

--- 帖子 #217 ---
When you say drawdown are you referring to current balance compared to starting balance? If so, what you are seeing is normal for these EAs due to the strategy of trimming losers and reversing until the current EQUITY surpasses the LastFlatEquity. The hope is that the reversals will become winners, but in a choppy market that does not always happen, some will become winners and some will continue to be losers.

The balance will always go down with each trim. However, the reversed trades that do become winners plus the winning trades that continue to get more into profit will keep the equity high enough to make the account safe from margin calls and will eventually give you the 1% equity pop above LastFlatEquity. Sometimes that comes very quickly, sometimes it does not, but so far it has always happened eventually.

MC has repeatedly advised trading these EAs on demo accounts until you become comfortable with the "drawdowns" and confident in the ability of the EA to recover.

I, personally,have been working with MC on this concept and trading demos with each new version we develop for well over a year. The earlier versions had many names and we continued to improve the strategy with each new version. After all of that I am now confident that the Basket14 and Confirm14 EAs that MC has been kind enough to share on this forum will perform as expected. I have just started a live account with Basket14_01 this week (8 Sep) and I am very comfortable with it. I will sleep well this weekend even though that live account has not yet had an equity pop and has trimmed 5 times and all the reversed trades are currently losers and I still have a small negative PL. My drawdown by the above definition is a little over 5% but I'm confident that it will come into profit next week.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
I am new to this form of trading and have read this thread with interest.  First thing I believe to bear in mind is that all systems win some and lose some the trick is win more and lose less.  Basket Trading helps to even the playing field through diversification.

I also believe that there are certain pairs which will go up while their "mirror" will go down and vice versa.  With the ....add version of this basket is it a viable if indeed a prudent option to trim the "mirror" of the currency by 1/10th every hour (even if this is pre-emptive) as 1/10th is added to its opposite.  This of course works on the assumption of direct reflection between pairs.

Everyone here seems to be testing with a demo account of $10,000.00 this is ok to test but what would you recommend as the minimum to go live with because I like a lot of other people don't have £10k to throw at an individual trading scheme and I like to test with a realistic amount in the demo to as closely as possible mirror my live account when ever I feel to need to take the plunge.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
@MetaCoder

Inserted Code NumBuys  == 14 && Group1_rviSignal0 > 0.0 && Group1_rviSignal0 > 0.0)       ||
(NumSells == 14 && Group1_rviSignal0 < 0.0 && Group1_rviSignal0 < 0.0)))
at line 307 makes no sense at all, you check Group1_rviSignal0 twice.

Btw, I strongly recomment the use of arrays in mt4 coding. it makes code slightly more readable and reduces errors.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Pipssqueak, I start most of my demos now with $5,000. But my earlier demos were $1,000 and they did well.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Here are my spreadsheets updated through 10 SEP for Basket14_01_ET2, Basket14_01_ET3 and Basket14_03_ET2.

You will note that 01_ET2 closed 3 times last week for 3+% profit whereas the other 2 both closed only once for 1+% profit. The big differenc in the 2 that only closed once is the number of trims accumulated since they both closed on 7 Sep. 01_ET3 has zero trims going into next week, while 03_ET2 has 8, the most I've seen so far with the ET2 setting.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
MC, I haven't started demos with these yet because I cannot figure out what the difference is in 01 and 02. Your explanation in the MQ4 file is the samefor both??

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Those are obviously copy'n'paste errors, of which you've made plenty yourself if you're experienced with software. Corrected EAs are uploaded.

Inserted Code NumBuys  == 14 && Group1_rviSignal0 > 0.0 && Group2_rviSignal0 > 0.0)       ||
(NumSells == 14 && Group1_rviSignal0 < 0.0 && Group2_rviSignal0 < 0.0)))

Your "strong" recommendation is noted. Errors can be made when using arrays as you well know and I don't give a fig about slight improvements in readability.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Frazerd,

Thanks for your reply and input. I understand clearly what you are saying. In answer to your question, in referring to drawdown I am referring to I am referring to last flat equity and current equity. To me, that is the only true measure of big picture drawdown. Floating drawdown I believe to be misleading as it doesnt give a true picture of the amount of ground you must recover to get back to breakeven and to the targeted 1% profit.

So as of this weekend, with only 3 days of live micro trading, my equity is down 10%....all to gain 1%. I have no problem with drawdown and understand it is a part of the trading game. Im just trying to get a handle on the size of the drawdown others have experienced on their journey to the 1% profit.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Frazerd,can you please explain that what do you mean about ET2 or ET3 of the EA Basket?

thanks

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Fredgold,

I believe that ET stands for Exceedence Trigger - the input in the EA.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Just an abbreviation for the user input setting ExceedenceTrigger.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Islandtrader, I wish I could give you a concrete answer, but I have never kept records of drawdown. That might be a good thing for MC to add to the screen comments since so many folks seem to want to know it.

I watch the number of trims and how far the EA has to go to get the equity pop. I have attached one of my old reports on frazerd14_03, which is the same EA as Basket14_01 except that it had no exceedence requirement. It just trimmed every loser that went above/below it's 24 hr high/low. Back in those days, a year ago, I was copying my statements into a Word doc rather than excel.

Look at page 4 and you will see a period of almost a month in November 09 when the EA accumulated 25 trims. To be honest, I had given up on that demo and the EA and thought it had no chance of ever reaching another equity pop. However, I kept it running minimized on my VPS and low and behold when I looked at it again in December it had not only survived, but had closed on equity pops 6 more times and was up 31.6%. Although the statement looks like it started on 10/22/09 with $1147 balance, I had actually started it on 10/4/09 with a $1000 balance and had to restart it due to a problem with the original demo account. This was a IBFX mini account at 100:1 leverage.

This experience has much to do with my confidence in these EAs, especially now that we have the ExceedenceTrigger which limits the number of trims tremendously. BTW, we tried several different ways of limiting the number of trims or causing the EA to exit after a certain number of trims. The 24 hr exceedence is the best we have been able to come up with so far. There may be better ways and I know from experience that MC is always open to new suggestions if they make sense to him.

I hope this helps everyone to understand where I'm coming from

--- 帖子 #229 ---
MC, we may have a glitch in Basket14_Add_01. At 09.13 0200 it opened 0.01 lots EURJPY 13 times. I don't understand why it did that, but those 13 new trades are moving up very nicely.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
strange.... started my basket on 6th september and till today nothing happens.. no cut and reverse ..... my current Exceedence Trigger is default 3, should i set to 2 to make trim and reverse faster?

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Frazer,

Shouldn't it?  Every hour that the initial ej trade was > your profit target dollar, it'll open a new trade.  I have 11 myself  EG and uchf also have a ton, hopefully it'll finally kick into some profit here

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Every hour I could understand, but these all opened in 1 minute. I don't think that is what MC intended. And at 0300 it opened 6 more EURJPY.

EDIT: And at 0400 it opened another 8 EURJPY plus 3 EURGBP.

EDIT: At 0500 - 16 EURJPY and 16 EURGBP

--- 帖子 #233 ---
It's entirely up to you if you want to use ET 2 rather than 3. So far I like 2 a little better because, like you, I get impatient waiting for it to start trimming. I have two demos using 2 and another using 3. The one using ET3 has not trimmed since it's last close-all 7 Sep.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
ahh ok, i misunderstood then.  Mine is behaving, only opening once per hour.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
BOy!!! looking good

--- 帖子 #236 ---
What Exceedencce Trigger exactly doing? so changing from 3 to 2 or other number what does it for us?

i'll appriciated if you explain it to me and the others who does not understand it well.

thanks

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Mine is not doing that Frazer.

I take that back-------it opened 11 audusd at 00:00.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
From the first post in this thread:

"This strategy intentionally trims the biggest loser and opens an opposite-direction trade on the same pair whenever at least three losing pairs have breached their 24-hour high/low."

If you change the exceedance trigger to two, substitute the word "three" for two in the above statement.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
thank you skoda

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Add__ on now has 85 trades open.

Has 103 trades open now.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Well Basket14_Add_01 closed out 80 trades in 3 minutes starting at 0623 GMT for a gain of $38.95 (.89%)

--- 帖子 #242 ---
He's in the process of closing them all now!

That's his second pop today! Total for today : $98.83.  Opening bal: $3000. Too good!

The brokers will have a heyday with this, won't they!  300 trades closed today.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
I think some of you may have missed this.

If you are running the version I first posted, you'll see lots of adds of a pair in minute 0.

If you downloaded the updated version, it should behave as intended.

I think tazmaan must have the corrected version.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Yes, I think you're right, pretty sure I waited until you had fixed the bug.  working perfectly here, and finally was able to close that first group for it's 10%.  Believe it got another 10% afterward too.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
tazmaan, good to hear that. Would you mind telling us the lowest margin reported on the screen comments? And were the closure profits 10% or 1%?

--- 帖子 #246 ---
My question is: Do I have to wait til these closed before I can install the new one? I would think so.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
I am pretty sure you could go ahead and start the correct EA with those trades open.  I can't say for 100% without trying it myself.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
I thought I had loaded the corrected EA, but I guess I must have done it before the revision. I have just uploaded and placed the corrected version on my demo and it looks like it has taken over the existing trades without trying to open new ones. Should be fine now.

MC, I continue to believe that this add on strategy combined with trimming could be very lucrative.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
MC, since you uploaded Oneway14_02 to the first post, but not version 01, I assume that is the version you want us to test.

EDIT: Don't know what I was looking at. The ET is there. I must have been looking at another EA when I wrote that. DELETED

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Yes i really dont know what is going on with add 01.it has a problem.i'm sure MetaCoder noticed that already and will fix it somehow soon.

we all thank you MC for his great job on all EA.

Regards

--- 帖子 #251 ---
yes i got my answer.but i remember i downloaded add 01 after MC mentioned that he had fixed the bug on it.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
At 17:00 it opened 16 trades of G/D and G/CHF. It opened 16 trades of G/U and U/J at 18:00. At 19:00 it did the same.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
This is on a 1k micro demo, so the initial trades are .03, addons are .01.

Lowest margin thusfar has been 144.54%.  max floating dd at 23.59%

Appears there was actually only 1 closure, and it totalled 2% ($21)

Not quite sure why, should have been going for 1% maybe the extra 1% was obtained during closure delay.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
I hear you Frazer and a version that does what you're saying would be easy to code now that I did the basic Add EA.

As I ponder it, I realize that I don't expect much difference between your suggestion and what currently exists.

Here's why.

If a loser is the Biggest Loser, it means it might have been the Biggest Winner if the trade had been in the opposite direction.

So in either case our new trade is one that is going in the "right" direction of a strongly moving pair.

But if we reverse a Biggest Loser rather than add a trade on an existing open pair, we maintain the balance of unique pairs in the basket.

This is my explanation for why I have hesitated to implement your suggestion.

Now if I think more positively about your suggestion, it's possible that UNdiversifying and allowing multiple trades on strong pairs could be a more winning way to go.

I guess we won't know unless I code it.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
OK, thank you, that's good and interesting data.

Lowest margin and max floating DD are at uncomfortable levels.

Yes, fast market action during closure can get that extra gain.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
I understand and I really wasn't referring to my previous idea of adding to a winner rather than reversing the loser. I think doing both, reverse the biggest losers and add small lots of the biggest winner separately would be a good strategy.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Yeah, agree, would be more than happy to put the idea on a forward test, if you are willing to code it

Sort of along the lines of the pm I sent, about reversing losers greater than target dollar, as well as adding to winners greater than target dollar.  Still curious how it would work out.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
I also had thought about the possibility of using minus dollar target rather than 24 hour highs/lows with ET for cutting losers. It might work well.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
add 01 still adds trades i have 159 open trades.no one closed yet.anything should i do to make it works better?

regards

--- 帖子 #260 ---
I tried that and it causes a huge number of trims.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
meta:

can u give a little info about the latest ea, the oneway versions?

What's different about them.  I've tossed one on a demo a little bit ago and i notice it doesn't open trades right away like the others, so just curious about the logic (and making sure it's working correctly of course too).

--- 帖子 #262 ---
The Oneway 14 EA, as the name implies, trades all 14 pairs in the same direction based on specific conditions of the RVI being met to determine short or long. It will not place any trades until those conditions are met. If you open the mq4 file, MC always explains at the top of the coding how the EA works.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
thanks frazer,

After i sent that post i did check the code and I see what it's sposed to do.  So probably will trade very rarely, if all 14 pairs have to fall below -.15 on the rvi to trigger trades.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Or above +.15. I think he's talking about the 7 pair RVI for each group, not individual pairs, but you're right, I don't think we will see a lot of trades opening with this one, but when they do open they may be quite profitable?? MC is not a big believer in indicators and I think he's trying to prove a point with this EA.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
This seems more like the trader101 approach where 7 buys and 7 sells are opened every Sunday. Let all buys settle down either on the top or bottom and sells on the opposite end. Trades taken in one direction when one of the buys from bottom crosses sell territory and reaches the top (safest approach); take all one way buys (14 trades) and vice versa when a sell reaches the top.

Try it out as I have been and it works fine. Lots of pips. Ofcourse there is a script to open and close all trades at once and there is one for locking profits.

This may be or may be not the right forum to mention this but just thought to due to similarity in approach.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
for this approach to work, wouldn't you need ea running on 2 platform ... 1 to monitor the 7 buy/sell trades , main to actually take 14 one way trades

--- 帖子 #267 ---
It can be done on one EA. MC has done something similar before using phantom trades. We tried that approach with several variations and it did not work well for us. However that does not mean MC would not be agreeable to trying it again if the approach were different than what we've done before and I don't think we've tried exactly what forexripper is describing.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
well believe it or not, it didnt take long at all for the oneway 14_2 to take trades and hit gec.  Was gone for a few hours came back and i see 1% banked and another set of trades open now.  guess we'll see how it does over time

--- 帖子 #269 ---
My Oneway also took 14 buy trades and 12 of the 14 are winners, now 13. I had made a major error when I set up the demo. I forgot that this demo was at 100:1 leverage and set Max Margin to 0.2 thinking it was my usual 500:1. To compensate and get it back on track i changed ProfitPct to 0.3 which should close pretty quick so I can reset it to the correct 1.0 MaxMargin.

EDIT: Closed for .26% and is now set properly at 100:1 leverage, 1.0 MaxMarginToUse and 1.0 ProfitPct. Has not reopened trades yet.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
mine closed out the second set as well, and is flat now.  so far so good, two quick hits and done.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
which version u are using?

--- 帖子 #272 ---
if you are asking me (not sure) i am testing just about every version.

but the one I last referred to was oneway 14_2

--- 帖子 #273 ---
I red that EA's doesn't work, so how come you are offering such a unsure way to make money?

Jessica

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Put 03 in action last Thurs. at 1:30GMT. Screenshots show current status. She must really be grinding away.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
My Oneway opened all 14 pairs and closed all of them 1 minute later at 1% profit.

It didn't enter new trades.

So far looking good!

--- 帖子 #276 ---
It would be possibly a good idea to have a Global Trail Stop

for the basket Oneway_02. I believe that there is more profit available with the Oneway method.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Have you tried running these EA's at a lower ProfitPct (on purpose) so that they take smaller profits more often?  You and MetaCoder seem to be very thorough, so I assume you have, and the 1% figure wasn't just picked at random.  Just thought I'd ask before reinventing the wheel.

In other news, I went live at the start of the forex week using Basket14_01 with ET2 on two accounts & they have already had two equity pops each!  Interestingly, even though they were started less than 1 min apart, the biggest losers that they are reversing are different.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
MY add 01 closed all 159 trades with big lost of -387.78 on 10000 demo account.and i have the latest version of the EA.i dont know why i got that big lost?

Can MC tell me what could be wrong with add-01 EA please?

regards

fred

--- 帖子 #279 ---
14_03

Last Flat Bal = $3025

Current = $2353

Margin %  359.32

DD = -6.06%

--- 帖子 #280 ---
I had run Basket 14-02 last week using an ET of 3.  Having read on this forum yesterday that some people prefer an ET of 2, I reloaded the EA.  So far there has been 3 equity pops giving a total profit of £159.41.  Currently down £453.  Max floating DD so far -10.20% and lowest margin 529.18%

One odd point I noticed is that my overnight basket closed at 08:36 this morning (UK time).  The new basket started to open however within one minute it decided to reverse gbpjpy.  The new gbpjpy trade happens to be my biggest loser.  I am also now trading 6 buys and 8 sells.  I understand this can happen with this EA, but I didn't realise it could happen within a minute of the original trade opening.  Had it remained as it was I reckon there would have been another equity pop by now.

Paul

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Thanks Paul for your input. It makes me feel better. This has been 6 days without a pop. I was concerned for the margin and the DD.

Thanks again.

s

--- 帖子 #282 ---
I loaded this Sunday evening as the markets were waking up ready for a new week at the office.  Due to my day job I am unable to check its progress as I am away from home.

I will upload this weeks trading activities over the weekend for all to review.  It is set with a 2.0 setting to compensate for 1:100 other than that its down to MC's defaults to do the business.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
for those interested and questioned.

yes the EA is on demo and trades taken in live account. I found this approach very successful. Out of my 3 week testing it was 100% profitable. There is also an ini=dicator developed by Crodzilla which is easy to track change in pairs over few weeks and days. Want to try?

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hi

I have bean playing around a little to find the key for the basket trading. I made an indicator of a crap indi that repaint but you can take a look.

Open GBPJPY.

Put BasketBuy and BasketSell indicators on top of itch other. Zoom in max.

Now you will se  the battle between buy and sell side. Sell is yellow and buy is blue.

If you change timeframe you need to update the indicators in indicator list by right click, mark indicator, click on edit and then click ok. Same with the other indicator.

If you put BasketBossMACD on top of the 2 indicators you will see who the boss over the basket is.

It’s the pair you have the indicators on. GBPJPY.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
If there's a good in-dicator (oscillator type I would think) that shows us how the two groups of seven are moving apart and toward each other, we might be able to write an EA that gets us into profit more often without having to trim and reverse.

One of the in-dicators described on this page of posts might be the ticket.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
I'm interested!

--- 帖子 #287 ---
I think it's very good to mention it here!

Frazer is one of the people who told me about that strategy and we tried our own versions of it.

As many of you know, there is enormous market energy in these 14 pairs, and the fact that the two groups of seven form a perfect synthetic hedge makes it all the more interesting.

I remember scratching my head when Trader 101 said trading all 14 pairs in the same direction is the safest way to go, because clearly it's not.

It's safest to trade the two sets of seven in opposite directions, I think we would all agree.

One of the fascinating and compelling things is how much the two sides of the perfect hedge drift apart from each other.

If we can successfully quantify the extrema of the drifts, something very safe and successful should come about.  To measure drift, one has to establish an origin timepoint and measure motion from that point.  You get different results based on your origin timepoint, of course.

The best results would probably come from tracking motion against multiple origin timepoints.  I still haven't fully explored this but maybe others have looked at it more deeply.  Please share if you can!  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #288 ---
How about this Indicator. When they cross each other its time to act.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Hi, getting. Your result it`s realy good!

Do yuo change default settings in "/gettingx = basket14_Add_01" or no?

I wanted to try this expert with default settings, but my result a worse)))

http://www.mt4i.com/users/fromrussia - "Open Orders" not closed since the opening... what i do not understand?!

--- 帖子 #290 ---
The floating PL might be positive $174 but it's equity that needs to rise.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Yeah that's a pretty statement...

--- 帖子 #292 ---
I have an implementation for the trailing stop but it causes a lot of confusion and it's a nightmare to field questions about it.

But yes I believe there is tremendous profit available and we WILL harvest it at will once we have a better collective understanding of this tiger whose tail we like to grab.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Interesting, E2u.  Could you explain a little about the indicator -- what is it showing us, how would we act based on crosses?

--- 帖子 #294 ---
So with Oneway14_02 we have a cut at Trader101's basic concept, together with the multi-pair RVI and the trim'n'reverse tactic in place in case we need it.

I made the exit logic multi-pronged so that we are likely to get out without a loss and more likely with a gain, but there can never be any guarantee of that.

Entry-wise, the thing might not take trades very often but we hope that when it does, the result will be a quick gain.

That's the intent.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
oneway and add versions are both ticking along nicely here this week.

should do a oneway+add

--- 帖子 #296 ---
On the picture the colours don't show weary well but when the 2 lines for sell (red and yellow) comes from top and go under the middle line, and at the same time the 2 buy lines pass middle line and goes up its time to buy.

And when the opposite happen its time to sell.

The cross between the 4 lines show a trend shift between buy and sell of the 14 currency.

In the middle you also see a blue line and that line shows that the buy side is strongest. When the blue line is under the middle line, sell is the strong one.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Follow the link to get the latest pair monitoring indicator.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=110309

T101 method is simple and you can learn more at
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=107119

For the EA developed by Meta, I would like to know if it is possible to have an alert when cut n reverse takes place. I am interested in having EA on demo but take trades on live account for the pairs cut n reversed by the EA once I get the alert. Thanks

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Meta pls help me on which EA to look at.

I am testing confirm 14_03 and basket 14_02. Also, noting profits on the cut n reverse pairs to know what if only these pairs are traded when EA cuts n reverses them. Do I need to test your one way EA etc. or somethig else or what I am doing is fine.

I am also testing trader101 method on Crodzilla's indicator.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
forexripper, since you're asking for me to suggest how to direct your focus, I request that you test Oneway14_02.  It is in the spirit of Trader101's approach I think.  Maybe you will have some new ideas to share with us after you watch it trade.

For those who have observed that the Oneway14 profit potential is greater than 1%, may I suggest trying the EA with ProfitPct set to higher levels?  Maybe 2.0 or 5.0.  Let's see what happens.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Meta: Confirm14_03 has hit the 4% mark in seven days - performing just the way it is supposed to do - Was in a 10% drawdown but recovered nicely - Thanks for all you do - Juiceman

--- 帖子 #301 ---
I'm glad to hear Confirm14_03 works all right.  The trim'n'reverse criteria made sense to me when I wrote it, but some were expecting more frequent trims.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Meta

Please respond to the possibility of an alert when EA is cutting n reversing pairs. Thanks

I will test OneWay 14_02 but thought of using the profit locking EA to note the max potential of your EA. So is it possible to make your EA work as a script (T101 method has buy or sell all 14 as a script and profit locking as EA to gauge max benefit).

And pls correct my understanding that based on the rigor index the EA decides to trade either long all or short all. Right?

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Hi Matacoder

may i ask you about add-01.i run it 2 times.it closed all trades with lost.second one it will not open new trade every hour as it suppose to do it.can you tell us why?

is still a glich on it?

best regards

fred

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Meta any clue why?

--- 帖子 #305 ---
It's certainly possible and I think a number of people on the board could tell you how to do it.  I personally don't bother with them.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Yes, it's waiting for a specific RVI level (+/0.15) and then a cross of main/signal lines.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Really can't diagnose with such sketchy information, sorry.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Thanks Meta for such prompt responses and your help.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Ran basket 2 on Monday and made its 1st profit today

If the total account is $5000 does the ea take profit at 1% ie $50 or is this dependent on lot sizes

--- 帖子 #310 ---
It will only open a new trade if there is awinner as large as Dollar Profit Target. It checks every hour to see if any winner qualifies. Can,t answer the other question.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Can any expert help me add the alert to the basket14 EA as I intend taking the cut an dreverse trades in live account and need this alert bell to ring. Help pls wud appreciate.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Boy!

This strategy is the best one I've seen, and there are some good one; especially the one made by funyoo: http://www.myfxbook.com/members/funyoo

likes; small DD, and No Optimization required

thanks again to MetaCoder and Frazerd

--- 帖子 #313 ---
is this your real acct? seems like it is.

look at your GBPCHF spread; in my opinion if spread is more than 4pips for that pair it will be slower for the EA to reach 1% target profits, a bigger DD will accumulate.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
MC, I have been out of the net all day with doctor appts and shopping with my wife, so I may have missed something.

Is there a exit/stop-loss mechanism in this EA? Mine has closed twice today - one for a loss and the other for a very nice gain. Statement attached.

Looks to me like you programed a stop-loss, maybe controlled by RVI going wrong way after trades open?

Also, I was watching it when it closed the last group and the equity had been above EquityProfitTarget for some time before it finally closed for a good deal more than 1%.

I sure do like the way this is working.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
I put oneway_2 on demo at 5% profitpct earlier today and it closed out with exactly 5% profit on it's first attempt!  Hope it keeps that kind of performance up!

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Live mini account update. During the last three days, the basket 14-3 went into a 23% drawdown. I was planning on pulling the plug and closing all trades manually after the Wednesday New York open. Fortunately, an equity pop happened this evening closing out the basket with its targeted 1% profit.

Although I am happy with the end result, sitting through a live 23% drawdown was extremely uncomfortable and not something I am willing to do again.

So at this point, I will continue to monitor the thread to any significant improvement to the strategy.

Keep up the good coding MC and good testing everyone!

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Well I guess not. My demo is down $200 now

--- 帖子 #318 ---
14_03 finally came into profit today. It was up around 2.5% at one time. Currently at about 1.5%. I'm going to close it so I can try oneway_02.

Add_01 is on another demo and hit 1.5% in about 8 hours. It's still running. I'll post oneway results.

I must have missed something about when these things take profit, cuz I thought they would have done so and then opened up a new batch at those profit levels.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
last night a new basket14 ver 2 were started on 2 accounts

A metatrader 5 acc and metatrader 4

This morning I switched on my pc and started both Metatraders

Immediately both took profit $260 on one and $60 dollars on the other

Good strategy When the demos have doubled there value will try with real money

--- 帖子 #320 ---
This one has closed 3 times now and is up 2.8% in 3 days.

Since I loaded the corrected version it seems to be working perfectly - no same-pair multiple trades opened on the hour. And taking about 1% profit with each close-all.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
I just had an idea & so put a simple indicator together for it.  I'm not sure it's really of any use or how different it would actually work out being from using RVI to determine which way to open the baskets.

It calculates the linear regression of all pairs in each basket then gives each basket a score out of seven, which represents the number of pairs in the basket that are above their linear regression point.  The expectation is that they will revert to the linear regression point over time.

Therefore, if you had a score of say 6 for the first basket & 2 for the second basket you would sell the first basket & buy the second.  What do people think?

The defaults are 8 periods of 15min to calculate the numbers, but I don't know what would work best.

The code is not very pretty, feel free to use it, butcher it, or ignore it.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Yeah, this one is also the winner for me this week too, probably because there's no trim and reverse going on.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Am new to this thread and i i want somebody to be patient and help me explain. I saw about 7 EA which i actually downloaded. But my question is,do i use all the EA at once on one pair or should i put them differently on different pairs? or one at a time. I read the faq but couldn get the explanation there. Every seems to be very fast on this thread

--- 帖子 #324 ---
I'm using the original Basket14_01 as of 0000GMT Monday with an ET of 2 and a ProfitPct of 1% and it has closed in profit 5 times so far.

A few minutes before that I started exactly the same on a different sized account and it closed in profit 3 times so far.  Because of the different start time it reversed different pairs which resulted in it getting stuck with a losing basket while the other one closed in profit an extra two times.  So, the time of entry makes a big difference, although I expect it will all even out in the long run.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Is anyone testing basket14 ver 05 or am I the only one

--- 帖子 #326 ---
I have one question please. I put Oneway on a chart and he opened trades and in 2 hours closed trades. However he didn't open more trades.  Is this what he does? or should he always have trades open?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Yes, Oneway only opens trades when the RVI parameters are met. It will open trades again when the RVI tells it to.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
You should read this entire thread to get an understanding of what is going on and how the EAs work. These EAs are NOT to be used together on separate pairs. Each EA controls a basket of 14 pairs and is only placed on 1 chart, 1 EA to an account. DO NOT run more than 1 EA in 1 account.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Now it has trimmed 6 times and has 8 shorts and 6 longs, so we are essentially back to a Basket14. The PL is positive now, but a long way from equity pop.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Add on has had 6 pops in 36 hrs. That's 3 days...... I could get used to this.

Oneway was on the chart for 2 hrs and closed out.

So nice.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Meta: I am now @ Flat equity of $53,712 next profit target of $54,249 - You guys can do the math - Loaded up the Confirm14_03 on 9/7/10.

I must say Metacoder that I am still in dis-belief but this thing is incredible and many many thanks to you. It is boring though just watching the equity increase everyday  - Thanks Again Juiceman

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Started with a 50K account on 9/7/10 - Flat equity @$54,172.00 Profit target @ $54,713.00 - Do the math - Thanks Meta  Juiceman

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Just from reading your post, it looks like you are thinking along the lines of a direction I want to go.  It will take me a while to digest the in'dicator.  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #334 ---
In attempt to clear up questions the Oneway14_02 EA -- yes, clearly the EA can close for a loss.

What's causing it is closure when the RVI signal lines go above/below 0.0, which I thought would almost always provide profit when coming from a +/-0.15 level. I was wrong on that one!

As it turns out, SOMETIMES our entry criteria will get us to quick profit, but other times, it won't. Trading the whole basket of 14 in one direction is still NOT my favorite way to go and once again I've found more reinforcing evidence against doing it.

So now that both the entry and exit criteria haven't lived up to my expectations, I am tossing the underlying concept out the window. However, I will provide one more version that does not exit on RVI but still lets the trim'n'reverse do its thing.

On the other hand, the Add EA looks pretty good on my own demo and apparently on some of yours, too.

I'll pursue variations of Add, but more than that I still want to investigate some of the interesting in.dicators you guys have been offering in an effort to find a highly reliable way of picking the correct sides to buy and sell to get into fast profit via this pure synthetic hedge.

Thank you for all the testing and feedback. I'm sorry I can't implement all of the suggestions but I had to learn some time ago to carefully pick and choose which suggestions I explore. I haven't always picked correctly and at times I'll pick one that DOES NOT make sense to me just to prove to myself whether my judgment is sound or not. Sometimes good things have come from that kind of exercise.

Good trades to all.

Oneway14 version 03 does not exit on RVI but still lets the trim'n'reverse do its thing.
|
v

--- 帖子 #335 ---
OneWay opened trades this morning and is currently sitting at 25% loss. Is that normal? Does this thing have a stop loss built in (RVI reversing trades should stop and reverse too). Will it ever get in +ve territory? Do I need to intervene?

Meta and Frazerd need your advice.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Oh just forgot to mention that when OneWay14_02 opened up sell orders (all 14) the T101 method was suggesting all buys. Contradictory but I let both do what they wanted to and results are OneWay 25% loss and T101 over 25% gain. May be a better idea would be to run OneWay and T101 thing on separate demos and take all buy or all sell trades in live account (or a 3rd demo) when they both agree.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
If you've got a 25% loss I'd say you will want to examine your settings for your account type and leverage level.  But as you see from my last post, I'm not a huge fan of all 14 pairs in one direction.  Sometimes it works great to grab the tiger by the tail with both hands, other times it turns out you've grabbed the tiger by the teeth!

--- 帖子 #338 ---
I don't doubt that others have done a much better job than I have of figuring out which direction to go with all 14 pairs.

Maybe if I can refine that decision for one-way trades, and let the trim'n'reverse make things right when we've gone the wrong way, we'll have something better.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Hey Juiceman, that's cool that ver 03 is working well for you so far.

getting is also getting good results with version 03: http://www.mt4i.com/users/b14_03

I'm not positive I did the best job of picking directions for the groups in ver 03, but maybe it's a decent stab at it. I believe this version can still encounter periods where equity pops will be slow in coming, and few traders have patience to weather that when it comes, including me.

Like everyone else, I want to nail a method for getting to profit FAST, every time.

I have a sense that we have enough collective knowledge among the thread participants to get there if indeed it's possible.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
I surrender. I can't find what I'm looking for. So here's my (probably dumbass) question: Why aren't my EAs taking profit at the 1% level and reshuffling the deck? They all reach 1%--and beyond--but just keep on going. And going.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Meta can you help me with the settings. My settings are:

Slippage         =       3;

MiniSize         =   10000;

StdSize          =  100000;

MaxTrades        =      14;

ExceedenceTrigger =      3;

UserTradingAllowed   = true;

StopAfterNoTrades    = false;

UseSmallestLot         = true;

MaxMarginToUse      =     0.5; // Maximum percent of margin to commit to trades.

Lots                       =     0.1;

ProfitPct           =     0.003;

MaxMiniProfit       =  1000.0;

MaxStdProfit        = 10000.0;

RVIentryTrigger     =     0.15;

RVIexitTrigger      =     0.0;

MagicNumber         =  777111;

Since its a very big amount demo account I changed the maxmargin to 0.5 and profit to 0.003.

Do I need to change anything here?

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Pinhead - maybe you're expecting 1% of the wrong thing.

The current equity must rise 1% above last flat equity. Is that what you're watching for? Or are you for floating PL (the incorrect thing to watch)?

___

forexripper, is it a standard or mini, and what is the leverage level?  Also, a screen snapshot showing the EA's comments and open trades would be most helpful.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
min account and leverage 500:1

I closed the trades manually (used a script to close all) so would not be able to provide a screen shot.

Not planning to try OneWay14 anymore as you too have thrown it out of the window.

Now testing Add 01.

Will test OneWay with T101 indicator and take trades when they both match.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
MC

Thanks for the quick response. And thanks for these amazing systems, too.

The current equity must rise 1% above last flat equity. Is that what you're watching for? Or are you for floating PL (the incorrect thing to watch)?

Yeah, that's probably what I'm doing. My wore-out old melon sometimes has difficulty grasping the simplest things!

I think the 'WOW factor' has overwhelmed me!

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #345 ---
forexripper, UseSmallestLot should be set to False if you want the money mgmt MaxMarginToUse 0.5 to work. With the settings you are using you are probably only opening .01 lots per trade.

Having said that, I can't tell if MaxMarginToUse is set correctly. That depends on the leverage you're using as per the instructions at Post #1 and/or your own preference for how much margin to use.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Hey, pinhead I have the same problem with a worn out old melon so I do it the simple way. The EA calculates the 1% for you and displays it in your screen comments in terms of Dollar Profit Target and Equity Profit Target. The Equity Profit Target tells you exactly what your EQUITY must be to get the pop.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
well thats an interesting concept

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Here is Basket14_03a. I'm not adding it to the first post since there is a 7-attachment limit per post.

I probably can't fully explain the entry criteria in plain English, but I'll try.

Let's start with the entry criteria for ver 03. That one only looks for the RVI of one group to be above the RVI of the other group to make its directional choice.

Ver 03a does that same thing, PLUS it looks for an exceedence of the midpoint between the highest RVI delta between the two groups and the average RVI delta over the last 100 15-minute bars before it enters.

So, 03a will sometimes be out of the market.

But it's exactly the same as ver 03 other than the entry logic.

And there is no guarantee it'll get us to profit any sooner. But it MIGHT and I thought this would be worth a try.

So here it is.

|

v

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Do yourself a favor and devote at least a couple of hours to reading the whole thread, and read the FAQ again, carefully.  You will find your answers.

Understand that some of us have thousands of hours into this stuff and a request that you put in 2 or 3 hours before we extend ourselves even further should seem fair enough.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Many thanks to Meta and Frazerd for their prompt responses and help.

So far

1) confirm14_03 is working as required with 1% almost every day so far (3 days).

2) Basket14_02 is being tested (will post results soon).

3) Add 01 is also under testing (will post results soon).

4) OneWay14_02 - out of the window for this forum testing but looking at it along with T101 indicator (developed by Crodzilla) to take trades when both match. No trades so far since beginning of this approach i.e. since yesterday.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
MC,

Here is an example of what I am working on ( derived from work done by SMJONES - modified heavily) in an attempt to view the dynamics of the two groups.  I am working on displaying these charts as bars scaled to represent US Dollars.  The indies show:

1. Group1 pip bars     ( Red and Green Lines are Triple EMA of bar Bid )

2. Group2 pip bars     ( Red and Green Lines are Triple EMA of bar Bid )

3. Group1+2 pip bars  ( Red and Green Lines are Triple EMA of bar Bid )

4. Buy1/Sell2 net bars

5. Sell1/Buy2 net bars ( reciprocal of 4 )

Lines in 4 and 5 show Triple Ema of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 day bars.

Darkest green is 1 day trend, Lightest green is 5 day trend.

I see some problems that I need to work on/debug/refine.  Nevertheless, maybe this sort of view can give us some insights on how to trade the Groups.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Hey, pinhead I have the same problem with a worn out old melon so I do it the simple way. The EA calculates the 1% for you and displays it in your screen comments in terms of Dollar Profit Target and Equity Profit Target. The Equity Profit Target tells you exactly what your EQUITY must be to get the pop.

Yeah, I saw those in the screen comments immediately after posting my question. That's how it usually goes.

Thanks, Frazer

Mike

PS: Just put 03a on a demo acc't. Will update w/results.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Have been testing basket 14-02 for a while now.  Very impressed - gone live on a small account tonight.  Will keep you all posted

Paul

--- 帖子 #354 ---
MC, as you know, I am persistent when it comes to pushing something new that I think might work. I continue to believe that a trim and reverse strategy would make this EA even more productive. Why don't we use a reverse of the add strategy to determine when to trim. Rather than the 24 hr high/low and exceedence, trim and reverse any trade that exceeds minus the Dollar Profit Target. The way add_01 has been working we may not see a trim often anyway, but on those occasions when the adds have gone the wrong way, a trim and reverse might speed things up.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
I thought we tried something very much like this, even with a controlled pace of trims, and it didn't work well.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
I don't remember one like that, but they say memory is the 2nd thing that goes at my age.

We know that trim/reverse with exceedence trigger works, although not as fast as we'd like sometimes, and it looks like the add concept works even better, so it just seems logical to me that combining the two would be a good thing.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
One other thing we need to be aware of is that add_01 has been doing very well for just a few days. There has been some good trending activity the last few days, which has also caused our other basket EAs to do well. The question is, will add_01 continue to be productive when the market goes choppy again?

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Lots of ideas on the thread and I can't possibly code them all, but I usually code something so here is...something.

It's a ver 02 of the Add EA.  It uses one-tenth the customary lot size across the board and maintains that same small lot size for the added trades.  This is because sizes this small tip our accounts to profit on Add ver 01, so the initial trades shouldn't have to be large.  This should take our drawdown levels way down.

I thought about not opening the usual 14 at all but using the phantom trade technique instead, and then adding in trades as certain phantom pairs get to the defined profit levels.  This would have required dusting off old code that managed the phantoms and splicing it in with these newer EAs -- a bit more work.  Maybe I'll go that way eventually, don't know for sure yet.

In this version I am also using the new Basket14_03a entry logic to try to get a good edge on trade direction.

|

V

--- 帖子 #359 ---
That's the $64 billion dollar question with any strategy.  It does well in THIS kind of action, but is it all-terrain and all-weather?

--- 帖子 #360 ---
I can clearly say ,this is the best and most creative thread i have ever seen.thanks especially to Metacoder and Frazerd for their great job.attached is RVI indicator for those who like to have it on the chart.it will show well the market trends.

best regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Hi MC,

On the topic of the exceedence trigger, should your code be using shift 1 instead of shift 0 with the iHighest code?

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Good, I thought we were on the same page.

Essentially it seems to me that what we are trying to do with these EA's is ride the contraction & expansion of the basket of currency pairs around the linear regression point (ie. mean reversion).  The indicator I knocked up was a very crude first attempt at trying to measure at which point we are in the cycle.  The big question is, over what time period should the regression point be calculated?  I chose two hours as a starting point because I noticed that when a basket closes in profit without any trimming that it generally is within a couple of hours.

Thinking more about this, what we really want to do is capitalise on those pairs which have deviated more from the reversion point than the others.  So how can we directly compare different pairs of different values?  How about measuring the standard deviations of the pairs from the regression point and then comparing them?  Perhaps with the "add" EA's the trigger to add trades could be once a pair has deviated noticeably compared to the other pairs?

I'm just spewing out ideas from inside my head, not saying any of it would actually work!

Also, I'm not exactly sure how the RVI calculates, maybe I am just going to end up basically recreating the RVI indicator with this?

--- 帖子 #363 ---
skoda, all I know from reading your posts is that you are trying to see, quantify and take advantage of the same thing I am -- expansion and contraction of the two sides of the hedge.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
the add bot which was doing very well might be put to the test now, if indeed this will finally be a bit of a reversal from the boj intervention.  all of the pairs such as gj and ej, which have been adding for awhile, will be in a bit of trouble.  we'll see how it turns out

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hi All,

Just sharing a modified W-RVIM indicator that I got from Looser's thread.

It allows you to choose between Group A or B each with the 7 unique pairs that MetaCoder has chosen.

Looks like Oneway EA is the way to go

What I mean is... well just have a look at how similar the two groups follow each other in this indicator.

Cheers,

the-game.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
MC, have read your new entry logic coded into ver 3a I think.

Instead of comparing the 2 baskets of seven pairs against each other is it possible to compare all fourteen pairs against each other so that each basket of seven pairs at time of opening has pairs heading in the right direction ie buy and sell.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Thought I had maybe cursed this system when I decided to go live yesterday but have just had first equity pop.

Thanks MC et al

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Here is an illustration of why I think we should include some kind of trim/reverse strategy to the add_01 EA. There are 2 $100+ losers and 5 of the 6 added trades are small losers. If those 2 big losers had been trimmed and reversed when they were -$45.30, Dollar Profit Target, the EA would have closed long ago.

I know that it will not always be this clear cut and the trim/reverse trades will sometimes not become winners, just as the added trades are not always winners. But it seems like we need something to counter what we are experiencing right now with this EA.

Here is another thought. Maybe we should just add a small trade in the opposite direction of any loser that exceeds minus the Dollar Profit Target, but I guess that gets us into a FIFO problem with US brokers.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Since the RVI seems to be such an accurate indicator of direction changes, why not use it to determine when to close and reverse the losing trades? Anytime the RVI for a losing pair is above/below the 15% line and has a line xing in the opposite direction, close it and open a reverse trade.

Again, that may not always work, but it should be more accurate than what we are doing now with the 24 hr high/low.

EDIT: I don't know where my head is this morning. What I just described would be a time NOT to reverse but to close and open the new trade in the SAME direction. Now there's a new thought. So maybe you reverse only if the pair has reached a predetermined level and RVI has not crossed the 0 line. It is likely to continue in the same direction.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hey Paul, you should not expect to take profit every day with these EAs. We aren't quite at that point yet, but we may get there with all the good ideas coming from this forum. The only problem is MC is just one person and he will have his hands full trying to code all  those good ideas. We need more programmers working with him on this.

As I mentioned, I started live with Basket14 the end of last week. I did not get a pop until yesterday after 11 trims. I'm using ET 2. But then it trimmed 1 time and got another pop 8 hours later. Now It has trimmed 3 more times and I'm waiting for another $40 equity for a third pop.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Frazer,

I agree with you on the ET 2.

So far the Basket 14_01 with ET 2 is doing so much better than the Basket 14_01 with ET 3.

ET 2 is in Equity profit $400

ET 3 is negative.

That is starting on Sunday with $5000 account, default inputs, only the ET is different.

I know, it may change.....

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Yes, it is a matter of preference and risk tolerance. ET 2 will sometimes get you to the equity pop quicker, but you have to be prepared for more trim/reverses. Even with my confidence in the EA, I got a little antsy when,trading LIVE, I was looking at 9 or 10 trims and was still pretty far from a pop.

This weekend I will post my weekly results for 2 Basket14_01 demos, one at ET 2 and the other at ET 3. Those spreadsheets will illustrate very well the difference in number of trims and number of equity pops.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Meta - Here is my update Confirm14_03 - Loaded on 9/7/10 50K account

Flat equity 55,413.00 - Equity Profit Target - 55,867.00 Max floating drawdown 10.58% - You guys can do the math.

I am still in dis-belief that an EA can perform like this.

Many many many thanks to everyone involved with this thread, I really think we have something here - Juiceman

--- 帖子 #374 ---
So far with juiceman's results and some of my testing I have concluded that Confirm14_03 is the EA I would use on my live account soon. Though I am testing Basket14, OneWay14, and Add01 EAs but results of Confirm 14 so far are the best. not being a programmer, the best I can do for this forum is produce test results and share experiences.

Need a little help from Frazerd.

My live account is a Micro account of $2000. Leverage is 500:1.

Would the following settings make sense:

MaxMarginToUse = 0.2;

Maximum percent of margin to commit to trades.

Lots = 0.02;

ProfitPct = 1.0;

Thanks a lot guys.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
No worries - I am not expecting a pop every day, far from it.  I was simply saying that my usual luck with EA's means it performs great in a demo account and then when I move it on to my real account I usually discover a fatal flaw that hadn't shown up on demo.

Unfortunately I am not a programmer but will keep testing different versions and posting updates and any thoughts I might have.  Loaded up the most recent add on version earlier today.  Only added on two trades at the mo - both in dd.  We will see how it performs overnight

Paul

--- 帖子 #376 ---
just added it on a demo. Nothing happened. Is this normal or I need to do something?

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Those are all good except no need to change Lots - I don't believe that setting is used in these EAs. Be sure UseSmallestLot is false.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Yes, it will be normal for 02. I think MC added some entry criteria to the 02 version. See post 358, page 24.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
I purposely changed the lot size to 0.02 so I only risk little in live trades i.e. 1/5th of 0.1 size only (trades of $2000 each time). Is this ok?

--- 帖子 #380 ---
It's OK, but I don't think it's going to do anything. I believe I saw a post by MC saying that input item was left over from some of his previous work and had no function in these EAs. I do most of my trading at 500:1 leverage and the 0.2 MaxMarginToUse will keep your lot size low, probably .02 with a $2000 starting balance. Then, of course, it will increase it as the balance grows.

I have one account at $3000 and it opens .03 lots and another at $4500 that is opening .04 lots. I do not play with the Lots setting at all. For 500:1 leverage the 0.2 MaxMargin setting is optimum. I have tried 0.15 and 0.25 and 0.3 and find that the lot sizing at 0.2 works best.

Again, you need to be sure you are not setting UseSmallestLot true. I think that will override the MaxMarginToUse and you will only open 0.01 lots. MC may have to correct me if I have that wrong.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Add on = 8 pops in 5 days.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Changed lot size back to 0.1 and MaxMarginToUse is at 0.2. UseSmallestLot       = false

So I think now I am good to go and the system will open 0.02 lots (not 0.1). Right?

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Well I can't guarantee it, but I think that will happen.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
First pop on 14_03 came at 18 hours. 03a still churning.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Hmmm, I just started a demo with this EA and it opened the 14 trades immediately. Did yours ever open trades, forexripper?

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Do you believe everything you read, or do you test things out for yourself?

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Here are two hybrid of Basket14_03 and Basket14_Add_01.

When ver 03 trims, it does not open a reverse trade on the trimmed pair as Basket14_03 does, but it does add trades every hour as Basket14_Add_01 does.  I can foresee problems with not taking the reverse trades, because the larger-lot-size trades could become depleted.

Ver 04 trims and reverses as Basket14_03 does, plus it adds trades every hour as Basket14_Add_01 does.

|

v

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Just so everyone who may be using different leverage and MaxMarginToUse settings knows - MC did this by making MaxMarginToUse default to 0.1 rather than 1.0 as before. That setting is for a 100:1 leverage I think.

Those of us who were using other MaxMarginToUse settings with other than 100:1 leverage, need to set it to 1/10 of whatever we were using before. Before I realized this I had already started the EA with a setting of 0.2, as usual.

So forexripper, you and I need to reset MaxMarginToUse to 0.01, which won't make much difference in your $2000 account. It will just open .01 lots next time it opens the basket rather than the .02 it should have opened when you set it up as described above.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Thank you so much MC for humoring me once again.

QUESTION: Is your intent with these to use the very small initial lot sizes as in  Add_02? Seems like that would work better for Add_03 for sure.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
The lot sizes start out normal. You favor starting out with small lot sizes?

If the Basket14 strategy is the backbone, we won't get to our profit objective via that set of tactics if all lot sizes are 1/10th normal.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Well, that's what I thought when you said Add_02 would use the 1/10 lot sizes across the board. It will take an awful long time to reach the 1%.

I figured I was just too dumb to see it and if it would work there it might work better in Add_03 as well. ???

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Keep up the good work MC..... and Frazerd, you're one smart dude. I read your "birthday post" a while back and I think that's AWESOME.

Maybe one day I'll contribute something that might actually be worthwhile but for now... I got'ta run

peace/out

TR

--- 帖子 #393 ---
This is very interesting, I have had two Basket14_01 ET2 2% Margin 1% profit on 100:1 accounts (real money) since the start of trading on Monday (or Sunday night depending where you are).  One is up over 8% and one just over 11%  The reason one is lower than the other is that it started at a slightly different time & got stuck trimming and reversing for a while while the other one didn't.  Maybe this is broker dependant?  I'm with GoMarkets.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Here is version 2 of what I have been working on.  It measures the linear regression point of each currency pair in the basket, then calculates the standard deviation away from the regression point and expresses it as a percentage of the current price.  What this means is the numbers of each pair can be directly compared.  A positive percentage means it's above it's regression point & you therefore want to sell it, negative means buy.

Over the weekend I will alter Basket14_01 to open the initial trades using this system.  I will experiment with two methods.  Firstly adding up the percentages for each basket & opening each basket in one direction, and secondly opening each individual currency pair in the direction calculated by the indicator.  Interestingly if you set the indicator to a slightly larger time frame often all of the currency pairs are in one direction - so maybe there is something to the open in one direction method?

--- 帖子 #395 ---
I don't think it's broker dependent. I think it has a great deal to do with timing. If you are lucky you start your EA and catch a good cycle and it just works great, never getting caught in a long trimming period. On the other hand, you can start one maybe only a short time later and it catches a bad cycle and gets bogged down in longer trimming periods. I've seen that happen often with demos.

More to the point, I also opened a live GoMarkets account with Bskt14_01  last Thursday 500:1 , ET 2, MaxMargin 0.2, ProfitPct 1. Soon after opening it got into a trimming cycle (11 trims) and did not get the first close-all until yesterday. It subsequently closed 1 more time yesterday after only 1trim, but is now sitting with 3 trims and needs $17 more to reach next close-all. It should come soon, but that will just be the 3rd one. And I only have 2% profit and mine has been running 2 days longer than yours. EDIT: Just closed again, so now I'm up about 3%.

Now if we could just figure out how to catch the right "cycle" we would be in good shape. Getting the buys and sells right using something like you are proposing may be the answer.

It sounds like you may be a programmer. That will sure help MC keeping up with all the new ideas he is getting.

--- 帖子 #396 ---
I have been running 14_03a  on two demos, one at GoMarkets and another at FxOpen since yesterday evening.

The GM account has taken 2 close all profits and the FxOpen account has been in DD , currently -170, for a day and a half now..

Both are default except 2.0 margin account of being 1:100

and the GMarket demo set with a ET of 2 while the FxO account is ET 3...

I will add that the FxOpen demo has not closed any losing trades yet and there are a couple over -200.   I would have thought these would have been closed and reopened in the opposite direction before now....

No errors are present in the journal though.. And really I want to wait it out to see if it can dig itself out....

Very interesting .

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Tommy, you need to understand how the EA works and what the ET does. ET 3 will almost always be slower to take profit than ET 2 because the conditions to be met before trimming losers is more stringent. However, the trade off is that ET 2 will trim more often and cause larger drawdowns for hopefully short periods before taking profit. For folks who do not like to see several consecutive losing trades and big PL drawdowns in their account, ET 3 is the best way to go.

On a 100:1 acct using MaxMargin 2, I'm not sure what that looks like in number of lots per trade, but a trade at -200 may not be unusual at all. Before those biggest losers are trimmed, 3 pairs must have exceeded thier 24 hour High/Low. If you had a 3rd pair at -200 they might start closing, assuming 200 is the 24 hour high/low. On the other hand, Et 2 would have trimmed when the second pair hit -200.

Having said all that, there is a difference in brokers. GoMarkets is a non dealing desk broker so you get direct price feeds and they get processed much quicker and are not manipulated by the broker. I don't know anything about FxOpen, but if they use a dealing desk, that could account for some of the difference.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
I have been demo basket 2 for 3weeks now and although it is profitable It does not initiate a trade when the 24 hour high of a pair is seen. Do I understand the concept correctly Previous post by Frazerd indicated that he had the same experience with basket 2

I have also entered a demo in the opposite direction to what the ae recommends

That is enter manually on the ea when the pair is a buy , sell and vise versa

Presumably one of the two demos  should trigger if they go 1% in profit

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Can't disagree with anything you've said (makes a nice change for an internet forum doesn't it!).  Looks like I got lucky with my timing.  As you say, quantifying a good entry time from a bad one is the key...

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Looks like I uploaded the half finished version & deleted the finished one.  Oh, well doesn't matter, you can still get the idea & I'll work on the EA over the weekend.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
None so far Frazerd

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Hi Frazerd,

Just wondering that with 1/10th of 100:1 and we are using 500:1 then Max Margin to be 0.05 instead of 0.01 as suggested by you. What do u think? Also, should I change it in every EA I am testing as all demos and live accounts are 500:1 and of USD 2000.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Meta and Frazerd.

With so many versions and variations of EAs, I suggest one of you to summarize the use and parameters of each and recommendation on which to test. We cannot test 10 EAs at a time and compare results. I have been testing Confirm14_03, Basket14_02 (ET2), Add14_01. Do I need to test any other

--- 帖子 #404 ---
I am now using this EA live for the last couple of days with so far very pleasing results.  One thing I noticed both in demo and in particular live (strnage how you notice things more when its real money), sometimes my first trim and reverse occured very quickly into the leg.  I am putting this down to the fact that the pair when first entered was trading near it's 24 hr high or low.  These quick reversals have then gone on to continue to lose having been reversed.  If this didn't occur than I may have had an equity pop earlier, who knows.

My idea would be to base to trim and reverse on the ATR of the pair.  The setting could be even half the ATR or perhaps this could be a user input?  That way we would have time to allow the trade to settle, whereas at the moment I have seen reverse trades taking place less than 30 mins since the basket opened.

Sorry MC for throwing another idea into the mix as I appreciate you are snowed under and can't do them all.  I would do this myself but am useless so far at programming.

Paul

--- 帖子 #405 ---
My Add_01 demo that I used yesterday to illustrate the need for incorporating a trim/reverse, finally closed 59 trades during the night and is up 4.8% in 5 trading days. It started trading at 0130 GMT on 10 Sep. Not too bad considering I started it with the faulty first cut EA and got caught with those big losers yesterday.

MC, I believe most of us are demoing fairly small accounts which means the add-on trades are much more than 1/10 the lot size of the initial trades. My demo, for example, is about $4500, the normal trades are .05 lot and the add-ons are .01 (1/5). I'm just wondering if anyone is demoing this strategy on a large account where the add-ons are actually 1/10 the size of initial trades and, if so, how their demos are working. It seems to me if the strategy works well with add-ons being 1/5 the normal size, then it might NOT work very well if they were actually 1/10. Am I making sense? Do we need to change that parameter?

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Then I think there is something wrong with your set up. I loaded the same EA after you did yesterday and it opened trades immediately. Yours should have opened trades by now. We are talking about the same EA, Basket14_Add_02, aren't we?

I have switched that one to Add_04 now to test the hybrid, but still yours should have opened trades.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
I have had the same thought. During our previous testing of these EAs (before we came to FF) MC and I had thought that the optimum MaxMarginToUse setting for 100:1 was 1.0 and for 500:1 was 0.2 (1/5). Since MC is now recommending 2.0 for 100:1 (double what we were using) maybe we should go to 0.4 (double) for 500:1. It is worth testing anyway. Just remember it will increase those lot sizes you were worried about.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
That would be a time consuming project, which I may try to do at some point, but with new ideas and new versions coming pretty fast, whatever I do will be outdated within a couple of days. For the time being folks just need to keep up with all the posts on this forum and try to understand each version of each EA. That's what I do. I am not a programmer and cannot read MT4 coding very well, so I'm in the same boat as everyone else. I just read very carefully everything MC posts and that is the full extent of my knowledge.

As for which EAs to demo, that is strictly a personal decision. I pay $18 a month for a VPS and I have 11 demos plus 2 live accounts running continuously on it. I am not testing Confirm14 just because I had it running for a couple of days and it never opened any trades. But some folks on here are reporting fantastic results with it. Maybe I will switch one of my other demos to that EA soon.

My only advice is read everything, especially results people are reporting, and decide from that what EAs you think have the best potential and demo those.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
I am testing this one now on a large demo account. Initial orders were 1 lot and adding of 0.1 which is 1/01th. So far in -ve but lets see. So now I am testing confirm_03, basket_02, and add_04.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
I don't think either of us has time to contribute more than we already are.

On this thread, Frazer and I are engaging in the process that got us this far, which is to try lots of ideas and let others decide for themselves which ones they want to test.

As test results come in, we analyze what happened and why some new idea did or didn't work, why some old ideas are still working or whether they might be improved, etc. We try to be clear and precise when expressing our observations.

Each trader running any of these EAs has an implied responsibility to self-educate as much as needed to gain the appropriate comfort level.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
My demo of add_01 is also too small, however last night I dropped the new add_04 on a larger demo, and adjusted the margin setting so i'd be able to fully take advantage of the 1/10th lot size.

5k account, maxmargin set to 2.0, leverage 300:1

Opening .30 lot initially, and .03 addons.

Been running now 12 hours, and has 3 equity pops (so 3%).  It trimmed and reversed two pairs last night, which worked perfectly, as it was nzdjpy and gbpchf which were obviously opened the wrong way at the time.

Largest floating dd thusfar has been 6.8%

Will keep this one running awhile to see how it works out.

My other demo is only 1k with add_01.  It's been running exactly a week today (started 9/10).  It's up 11.4%, however because of the small account size, the largest floating dd has been up to 27%.  That one I am just letting run to see if it will blow, which it probably will.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Just a wee update on Basket14_03. On a 3K demo acc't, it has trimmed slightly over $600 and is currently down $1000 in floating equity. Basically in 50% DD at the moment. Considering that it's only trying to hit a $30 target, I think I would be slightly alarmed if this was real money.

We'll see how it goes.

Confirm14_03 is making slow progress in the right direction.

Confirm14_03a is in a slightly negative holding pattern.

BTW, MC, you have my utmost respect regarding your patience in dealing with this puzzle you've decided to solve. I've no doubt it's a confounding and tangled web, but I believe your persistence is going to wear it down. Just be sure to take a break once in a while. Sometimes, the subconscious will do the work for you. The great inventors have said that their "AHA" moments often came during times of rest; even sleep.

Anyway, pip-pip, carry on. Or take a nap. Whatever.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
frazerd,

Could you tell me which VPS service you are using ?  And is it reliable ?  I'm paying over $40/month for my VPS.  Thanks

--- 帖子 #414 ---
I demo on $3,000 accounts where the smaller lot size is truly 1/10 the normal lot size.

And my Add demos are doing well.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Thanks for the kind words and encouragement.  I've been at this for about 8 years and at times became obsessed.  That was not a good thing.  Nowadays I'm in a more relaxed mode and am having fun with the strategies and the EAs that run them.  I believe I appreciate and respect other people's ideas far more than if I had never undertaken this.

I can't code every idea that pops up, and I know the ideas are offered with sincerity, it's just purely a time and energy limitation and I have to somehow select which ideas to explore next, whether the ideas come from someone else's mind or my own or some blend thereof.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Pinhead

That's a serious amount of dd.  What is your leverage and max margin settings as I would suspect that your lot sizes are incorrect to have such large dd

Paul

--- 帖子 #417 ---
MC

I mentioned in an ealrier post that I had a trim and reverse very early on in my current leg.  This was due to breaching the 24 hour high.  I have attached a screenshot of the trade.  My question relates to the 24 hour period. Is this a rolling 24 hour period - if so should this buy trade not have been reversed by now as it has breached the rolling 24 hour low a couple of hours ago.

Paul

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Using default settings. Lot size is 0.1, Max Margin 1.0, leverage is 100:1. ET is 3. It's on a MIG Mini demo acc't.

On edit: Just took a closer look at what was going on. MIG's 0.1 is actually a full mini-lot (dollar a pip). That's the smallest size available. I don't know if that clears the waters or not. Seems like it brings up other issues, tho that's just wild-ass guessing on my part.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Pinhead

When did you start trading the demo as it seems most people have had several equity pops this week.

Paul

--- 帖子 #420 ---
I got into profit (set at 0.5% on my demo) with the tiny lot size version -- ver 02 -- of Add.

With the right settings, this could be a really good one.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
I won't answer questions about this until I've had a chance to test it a while.

If you're intensely interested, learn about diff tools and compare it to previous versions of the Add EAs.

|

v

--- 帖子 #422 ---
SouthWest VPS http://swvps.com/

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Well I put on basket five late wed night and its now -900 dollars demo so somthing is way wrong with either the ea or me

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Hello MetaCoder,

I trade this ea

I'm not a programmer, so I need your help.

can you please tell me ea Confirm 14_03 program like this:

if a position is Closed with the loss of the new position with a lot more starts at the offset loss faster?

Here an example:

Buy a lot is loss 0.04 lot

position does not sell opened with 0.05 lot

goal is a more rapid offset of the previous loss

I would like to test it-

Thank you very much (forgeve me my bad english)

and best regards

vienna

Who can help me in the programming?
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=251869&page=7

--- 帖子 #425 ---
As promised, here are some experimental files.

Firstly, an indicator which calculates the linear regression point of each pair, then calculates the standard deviation and represents it as a percentage of the regression point.  The only parameter to adjust is the regression period.  Default is 96 (15 minute periods) representing 24 hours.  It might be interesting to compare the values it generates against the existing EA's when they have trimmed a couple of times to see if the Buys & Sells are the same.

Secondly, I have modified Basket14_03 to buy or sell the baskets based on this indicator.  I have tried to keep the programming format the same, so as not to butcher Metacoder's code too much!  I have incorporated the indicator as a function at the end of the EA.

Thirdly, again Basket14_03 has been modified to buy or sell the individual currency pairs based on whether they have a positive or negative deviation from their regression point.

As Metacoder mentioned before (and I agree), it remains to be seen if using an indicator to buy/sell the baskets as a whole is anything more than a randomiser?  I think the individual buying/selling EA will be more interesting.

At the moment the EA's calculate their values based on ten 15 minute periods - just like Metacoder did with the RVI indicator.  I don't know if a longer time frame might be more appropriate?  It is a new input parameter that can be adjusted.

If this method turns out to be anything other than a failure, the percentage deviation could also be used as the trigger to trim & reverse or add trades.

It's the weekend, so these EA's are completely untested, I don't recommend using them for anything other than a bit of light hearted entertainment!

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Hi

Its not a big different between the buy and sell side when indicators show strong buy or strong sell .

First picture show total basket 14. Second is the 7 buy and the last picture is the 7 sell.

The best thing is to split the 14 currency pairs into smaller parts (or better use 23 pairs).

Use 4-5 EA´s with 3 buy and 3 Sell in itch EA. Every EA have at least 2 pair different from the other.

They put orders when the conditions are right and that will happen in different times.

All EA´s put their 6 currency pairs long or short. Not 3 long and 3 short

Maybe  you get more buy then sell or opposite, but that is right because the conditions can bee like that.

When the first EA has triggered and a other one is ready to trigger it does not puts order on a currency pair that already exist.

With this system you don't need to sit and wait until all 14 pair has lined up as a buy or sell.

Use Steve's Multi Purpose Manager to take care of everything.

Use his hedge function when one currency pair is 20 pips wrong way. Hedge 300% so if the lot is 0.01 the manager put 0.03 opposite direction. The best thing is to have brake even “true” in the manager. Then the manager close the order witch vent wrong and also take a small profit if you have instant trailing stop on the recovery. Then also use his ATR SL on 60 min TF for all orders.

With basket trading everything under 60 min TF is crap if you don't trade for 5 dollar profit with 0.01 lot.

The Russian has abandoned T101 basket combination long time ago for some reason.

The new is 4 sell and 4 buy.

Here they are.

Long

GBPUSD

EURJPY

AUDUSD

NZDJPY

Short

EURUSD

GBPJPY

AUDJPY

NZDUSD

--- 帖子 #427 ---
I hope people try your EAs, skoda.  Your thinking seems solid and I like your code mods, they are easy to read.

Very cool!

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Skoda,

Thanks for sharing your EA. I will be happy to test it.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Thanks Skoda,

will forward testing it

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Here are my spreadsheets for this week on the 3 basket EAs I am running.

Basket14_01_ET2 has been running for 1 month and is up 18.33% compared to Basket14_01_ET3 which has been running for almost 2 months and is up 17.26%.

This week ET2 closed 7 times for 7.37% gain while ET3 closed 5 times for 5.14%.

I like ET 2 because it trims more quickly and takes profit more often. However, as I have said before, the trade off is that ET2 can occasionally trim numerous times between close-alls, which can cause some anxiety when trading live. Looking back through the weekly tabs you will find that ET3 has never had more than 4 consecutive trims and often reaches equity pop after only 1 trim, while ET2 has had as many as 6 and seldom reaches equity pop with only 1. My live account with ET2 started off with 11 trims before the first equity pop, and yes, I did feel some anxiety.

Basket14_Add_01 is very impressive after 1 week of testing. It closed out 5 times for 4.83% profit. Had I not started it with the defective initial EA, it would have performed even better. I am looking forward to next week testing 02, 04 and 02a

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Thanks to those of you who have been giving us test results.  Although I appreciate what you have provided, it would help tremendously if you would attach an account statement. That way we can see how many times the EA trimmed between equity pops and possibly find other useful information for making improvements. It would also be helpful if you would tell us what leverage you are using and your ET and MaxMarginToUse settings.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Start 9/10 0000 gmt

3k demo ibfx

margin: 2.0

prof pct: 0.8

Lev: 50:1

ET: 2

total profit: 8.04%

9 legs closed

1 leg : 4 trims

2 legs: no trims

6 legs: 1 or 2 trims

Nice so far. Largest drawdown was around 112.00. on 3k not too uncomfortable. Trendy, spikey market past week probably worked good for this system. Interested to see how it performs during ranging times. Going to test add-04 this week, like the idea of cut/reverse and add to winners.

Question for mc or frazer. How did you come up with 24 hr rolling cut and reverse? and did you guys try any other time frames, ex 8 hrs, 12 hrs etc?

Shorter time frames would probably lead to more trims but quicker close outs I would imagine, just wondering. Anyway thanks for the great work on the EA's.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Frazer,

Thanks so much for posting your results.

I have set up a few Basket EA platforms for the coming week.

I will post the results/statements next weekend.

From the past week, all I can say is that the Basket 01 ET2 performed the best. The Original Oneway EA went from very good to bad.

Thanks again to you and MetaCoder for all the EAs and information.

I feel like a kid in a candy store!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Thanks for those results, thorn. I have tried several shorter time frames, but none did better. Go ahead and try shorter time frames. Just find the lines of code where it refers to 24 and change it to whatever you want. I am not a programer, but even I can figure out how to do that.

I am really impressed with you results trading at 50:1 with 0.8 ProfitPct. What is your Lowest Margin Level? Could you post statement?

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Here you go frazerd,

I have another of the latest add bots running too, but only since friday so will wait to send results for that one til next week.

14_02:  leverage 300:1, lowest margin 511%, max dd -8.9%, et3,

maxmargin 1.0, profpct 1.0

14_03:  leverage 300:1, lowest margin 543%, max dd -9.05%, same as above

14_add_01: leverage 300:1, lowest margin 144%, maxx dd -27.67%, same as above

I had oneway running also, but looks like i dumped it, as it was losing too much for the account size (plus dumped it when meta said he was dumping it also

--- 帖子 #436 ---
exness: 400:1 >> to get leverage on screen to 200:1

investtech: 100:1>> on screen leverage = 200:1

fxopen: 100:1>> on screen leverage = 200:1

all setting is default, but as of today ET will become>> 2

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Settings: 50:1 lev/margin 2.0/ET 2/ profit pct .8%

http://www.forexfctory.com/attachmen...1&d=1284930427

Max margin was 225%. will continue to run demo this week same settings.

I had got my tests mixed up earlier when I reported none of the legs closed with no trims. There was at least one trim each of the 9 legs. No more than 4 in any leg. average was 2.5 trims per leg. Leg 6 on 9/15 only ran for 2 hours before closing in profit. Longest leg lasted 34 hours. Going to start test on demo basket 14-add 4 tonight.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Skoda,

Your basket 01 started trading for me, but the basket 02

is not trading yet.

Will keep you informed.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I'm demoing Skoda's basket 02 and it opened trades as soon as the market opened today..

Default except 2.0  Max Margin..

I have buys on:

eurgbp

eurjpy

nzdjpy

eurchf

usdchf

usdjpy

all others are sells.

currently @ -35$

lot size  .10

100:1

ET: 3

MMargin : 2.0

FXOpen

added update:  2hr 45 min after open of position close all with profit taken @ 1%

New basket opened immediately after close.   New basket 1 buy (chfjpy) all others sells.... 1 long / 13 shorts...

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Just loaded both of these on demos, 500:1 leverage, MaxMargin 0.4, ET 2 - no trades opened on start up - waiting.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Skoda_02

Good Start!

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Update..

basket14_Skoda_02

2.0 Max Marg

3.0ET

100:1

0.1 lot

FXOpen standard account

2hr 45min after position open a Close All @ the 1% profit level.    No trimming occurred.

New position opened immediately.

1 buy (chfjpy)

13 sells

currently @ -85.$

darn forgot to change the Regression to 96 from 10 ... -$325. atm.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
I will test this basket out soon

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Skoda,

Thank you for the EAs. I'm testing now. However, I'm showing the default to be 10 for the regression period parameter in both EAs. Should we leave the default as is at 10, or change it to 96 ?

Also, noticed I'm getting a "zero divide error" under the Experts tab (Basket14_03-Skoda_02).  The EA is attached to a 15m EurUsd chart.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Skoda 01 opened 7 buy, 7 sell. Still running at negative.

Skoda 02 opened 6 buy, 8 sell 2hrs after Skoda 01. Still running at negative.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Personally I was going to test them at 10 to begin with (this is what the RVI indicator was using).  If they didn't perform then I thought I'd try a longer timeframe such as 96 (ie. 24hrs).

Sorry, don't know what the divide by zero is about - I don't have that problem with mine.

Both EA's should be in the market at all times and open trades straight away, as per the original basket14_03.  The only thing that has been changed is which combination of pairs to buy/sell.  Although I have a similar problem with basket_14_add2 - I started it this morning but it has not opened any trades - strange...

It's good to see some people having success already - I missed the start of the market today due to operator error!

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Still no trades on either demo. About 3 hours now.

EDIT: Also, no screen comments at all. Something must be wrong??

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Just placed Skoda 01 on chart, opened trades immediately..

placed on GbpJpy 1 hr..

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Hi

If you use a manager to take care of the profit and the manager close all the basket then the Basket EA does not open new trade.  Why?

I have problem look at 70 Euro profit turn to –20 so I used Steves manager whit trailing Stop. The manager closed at 80 Euro + but then I had to start the EA manually.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Running about 4 hours and no trades.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
You are not letting the EA do its job...

What is your percent profit setting and what size account is the ea on....  I am assuming it is a demo account...

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Yes,,mine too. not taking any trades. Zero divide error in journal??

--- 帖子 #453 ---
skoda, can you give me a basic rundown on the differences between your 01 and 02?  gonna pop one on a demo this week, and want to decide which to try

--- 帖子 #454 ---
You know the way the Skoda_02 trades you can end up not being protected by any hedge to speak of... So it is not much related to original method ... that I can see...

jmo...

--- 帖子 #455 ---
It’s a demo 10.000 and I used the original settings. It open trade with 0.5 lot but I have changed that to 0.05

--- 帖子 #456 ---
It is Skoda's integrated indicator in his EA that is doing that on first start.

Errors like these I usually wait for a new tick then all should be fine.

Looking at the EA, basically if you have comments printed on the screen already, don't worry about this error (just an initialization issue)

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Just look at his code for comments

01 - "Initially, buy the group of pairs with the lower deviation and sell the group of pairs with the higher deviation."

02 - "Initially, buy all pairs with negative deviation and sell all pairs with positive deviation."

I've compared both and that's the only difference.

Personally, I would go with 02.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
It is protected by MC's original trim and reverse strategy.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
my screen doesn't show comments, is that normal?

0 trade.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Well the ea would not have taken profit until $100  set at percent profit 1.0 on a 10,000 account....  of course if you are using a trade manager I do not know what you have set up...

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Ahh..  I see...  said the blind man....

--- 帖子 #462 ---
If you right click the pointer anywhere along the heading bar in the terminal you will get a pop up that allows you to check the comments option..

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Nice! I like learning new things everyday ;-)

Got a pic?  I only know of the Comments option on the trading section, not the chart section

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Not normal - check your journal and experts tab for any more errors.

One issue might be your connection to your server is not active.

Check your internet connectivity first then ask your broker last.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
It took 100 euro or little more 2 time and third time it vent up to 70 euro + and turned back to –20. I putted the manager on whit trail 75% when the basket reach 50 euro. The manager closed at 80+ but the EA did not put any order after that.

What is the right configuration on a Alpari demo. In demo mode its always 1:500 I tried to put it to 0.05 but the EA did not placed 0.05 It placed 0.47 in 12 currency and 0.01 in 2 currency.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
oops..  sorry, thought you meant the comments in the trading section....

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Ignore the "Lot" variable when setting up the EA - it is known not to be used.

All that matters for lot sizing is the MaxMarginToUse (%) - It auto calcs the lot size for you.

I'd just like to highlight the fact that the max margin(lot size) calculated is not for all 14 trades - it is in fact for EACH trade.

So with 14 trades going at any one time (minimum - because of the possible further trim and reverse trades), like me, you may want to further reduce the MaxMarginToUse percentage so that the EA calculates for your trading style, a more comfortable lot size for each trade.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Why are you using this Trade Manager anyway? Just let the EA do what it's supposed to do.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Thanks man I have the lot size right now. I have so difficult to see profit turn to a looser and I cant stand drawdown Hehe

--- 帖子 #470 ---
If you are using this live, then I can understand your obsession :-P

If you have kept the ProfitPct the same value, then because you have reduced the MaxMarginToUse your equity pops may take longer to produce.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
I have worked 18 hour per day in nearly one year for come to the state that I can go live and I'm far from it.

Last month I have study the Russian ideas but I have to translate everything and that takes time. My languages is Swedish and I have not written in English until the last month.

I changed the profitPct to 0.5 and MaxMargin to 0.5

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Thanks, guess i shoulda peeked at the code

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Anyway, about my comment about ProfictPct, it was just a comment not a suggestion.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
I did not understand how it works but now I know. Thank You.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
yeah, i think the zero divide error is keeping this from trading.  its also not opening any trades here either.

I also grabbed the indicator, threw it on the chart, and it also throws the zero divide error and nothing shows up.  Not sure how to fix it, but it's a bug that needs fixing I believe.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
same problem here also, testing on fxopen ecn and fxopen standard, trying to copy tommyd setup http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=439

--- 帖子 #477 ---
People with the divide by zero error, do you have all currency pairs enabled in the "Market Watch" window?

I cannot replicate the error, not even on it's inital start up this morning.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Are you talking about the "Multipair Std Dev from Lin Reg" indicator?

Works for me...

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Good point.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
yes, have all pairs shown, and checked the indicator and have all pairs in the indicator on my broker also.  using gomarkets.

and yes, that's the indicator I am referring to thegame.

in process of downloading all data history for the pairs the indicator wants, we'll see if that fixes (zero divide on indicator usually refers to not enough history, but not always).

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Tazmaan,

try downloading the EA and indi, and then put it in appropriate folder.

I cut and paste the code in metaeditior many time before without a problem>> because I'm testing on vps with so many instances.

now Sokoda version 1&2 open trades after I done above steps.

--- 帖子 #482 ---
I'm with GoMarkets as well.  They had a daily restart issue that stopped sending ticks for around 45 mins, but other than that I'm getting ticks just fine.

Try clicking on the little graph on the bottom right hand part of the screen and click on Rescan servers to connect to the fastest server.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
getting, not quite sure what u mean.

both ea and indicator are in the correct folders, and recompiled and platform restarted as well, still zero divide

--- 帖子 #484 ---
delete your current EA and indi, start fresh download from
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4031185

also delete gvariables.dat in profiles folder

if that doesn't work, then not sure what else will. my mt4 (fxopen ecn) been running about 4hr, after i do the above steps the trades open immediately, checkout my forwarding link below; version 2 one leg closed and reopen.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
nope, didnt work.  not sure what the deal is.

thanks for the steps tho, appreciate your trying

--- 帖子 #486 ---
close all chart, and reattach EA....after u restart mt4

--- 帖子 #487 ---
lol, what the heck!

closed charts, closed mt4, deleted the dat file, reopened mt4, opened gj dropped ea on and there it goes.

man mt4 never fails to suprise me sometimes.  i would understand if i was a newb, but christ i have about 20 platforms running across 4 pcs and a vps, so its not like i havent dealt with mt4 issues before lol.

ah well, thanks getting, magically is working now, stupid mt4

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Boy!!!

I think the cause is from me using MetaEditor to put stuff into the newly install mt4, it's quick and easy, but maybe ctrl c and ctrl v didn't work too well copy code of Skoda for some reasons.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
These versions might fix the divide by zero issue for those that have it. I don't know for sure, because I can't replicate the problem. I'm also using GoMarkets build 226. Although I do have a VPS which has a good ping time, if the speed of price updates has anything to do with it?

For some reason I can't edit my original post, so here they are... (Not that the performance is anything special so far)

I am experiencing the anxious side of Basket14_01 at the moment. After last week's stellar gains of 10% & 12% on my two live accounts, the last basket which opened about 1/2hr before London open on Friday is now hovering around its maximum floating drawdown of 15% on both accounts, despite only two trims. I think the secret to handling this may be to only check on it once a month!

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Skoda

I went live with Basket 14_02 last week.  Great start but now also experiencing the anxious side.  I mentioned in a previous post that the trade causing me most problems was the first and only (so far) trim and reverse which happened very early in the leg.  I queried whether the 24 hr high/low is a rolling 24 hours.  Unfortunately no-one answered the question.  My concern is if it is a rolling 24 hrs then for some reason this trade hasn't been reversed again as it should have been.

Anyway I would agree with not looking at the account that often - it helps avoid the anxiety.

Paul

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Yes it is rolling 24 hours (meaning the last 24 hours from your last tick) - looking at the code, it will only trim when the ET has been met AND the biggest loser absolute value is greater than your current profit target AND that pair has exceeded the past 24 hour highest (if a sell)/lowest (if a buy)

e.g.

Biggest Loser = -$15, absolute value is $15, but Profit Target = $20, therefore no trim and reverse

Biggest Loser = -$20.01, absolute value is $20.01, but Profit Target = $20, will trim and reverse

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Frazer--I hope this is sufficient info. Let me know if you need more.

Note that the 2 history charts overlap. (There was a lot of history.)

$3000 Mini Acc't

MaxMargin 2.0

Lots 0.1

Profit pct 1.0

--- 帖子 #493 ---
I don't have statements, etc ready but the Basket 14_Add_01 has had 9 pops in 6 full trading days.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Well, it didn't work for me. I followed that same procedure and I am also on GoMarkets, but I still have no trades open and no comments. I have been running these MC EAs for a long time and have never had this problem. I will try the new ones Skoda posted.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
The modified version just posted above by Skoda did the trick for me. Closed the platform without removing EA or closing chart, replaced old EA with new, reopened platform and it immediately opened trades - both 01 and 02. Thanks Skoda

--- 帖子 #496 ---
That's plenty of info, but the hard way. It would be much easier to print an account statement from the History window and attach that. If you sort the History by close date/time before you run the statement it makes it very easy to see the trims as opposed to the close-alls. If you have run other EAs or traded manually on the account before you started our EA, you would need to first change the data to show a Custom Period starting with the date you started the EA. All of those things can be done by right clicking anywhere in the History window. Let me know if you need more help with that.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
[quote=frazerd;4034657]That's plenty of info, but the hard way.....quote]

Sometimes referred to as the 'Pinhead way.'

Thanks. That should save me a bit of time. Man, I love learning new tricks.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
How's this? I use OpenOffice instead of Word, and our host here deems those file types as invalid and won't upload them. So, I converted them to PDFs.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
EA I am using - Confirm14_03 - Start date (9/7/10)

Just providing my update I took a few days last week so here is where I am at today:

$50,000.00 starting balance

Last flat equity $55,993.00

Equity Profit Target $56,553.00

Floating drawdown 17.30%

I am in a drawdown right now and watching it climb out

Again thanks to Meta and Fraze for this incredible ea - Juiceman

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Testing it on demo of $2000. No Equity pop up yet.

MaxMargin to use = 0.01 with 0.1 lots and profit 1.5

Woudl anyone know why still in -ve?

--- 帖子 #501 ---
I just noticed that Skoda_01 did something very strange. It only opened 13 trades initially at 1526 GMT, 6 sells and 7 buys. Then 2 1/2 hours later it opened the missing pair, AUDJPY, which would have been in the sell group, as a buy. So now I have 6 sells and 8 buys.

Skoda_02 opened 9 sells and 5 buys. There are 5 winners and 9 losers - could it be opening backwards from what was intended?

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Ripper, I don't understand the question. What is -ve?

--- 帖子 #503 ---
-ve means negative

--- 帖子 #504 ---
frazerd,

gomarket demos were down for quite awhile today, so most likely that's why.  keep an eye on it tho

--- 帖子 #505 ---
I was thinking the same thing last night.

I tried reverse trading - no difference.

Seems we are still missing the momentum aspect of skoda's indicator and an extreme limit for each pair or each group.

Easier said than done.

Maybe more than one scan (3-5) of skoda's indicator before the EA places trades would be able to tell us if the pair/group is going in the same direction or is beginning to reverse.  Would take about an hour (+/- 15mins) to decide though.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
I did say they were experimental!  Skoda_01's open trades code is completely untouched from Basket14_03.  The only change to that code is the selection of whether the entire basket is a buy or a sell, so yes, very strange.

I believe Skoda_02 is behaving as intended, basically counter-trend in the expectation that it'll revert to the mean.  Looking at a longer (24hr?)  timeframe might give a better representation of which way it should be placing the trades.  Or maybe a "when" factor could be incorporated as well, only place trades once deviated by a certain amount.  Although as has been discovered with the other systems this might mean it hardly ever trades.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
??

--- 帖子 #508 ---
LOL, I like to call that copy & paste programming :-P

Nothing to worry about.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Hehe No I know

--- 帖子 #510 ---
That is a hangover from the original Basket14_03.  If it bothers anyone I'm sure they can figure out how to fix it themselves (yes, even "non-coders").

--- 帖子 #511 ---
But this is strange

--- 帖子 #512 ---
What exactly?  If you are referring to the EA PL being greater than the Dollar Profit Target, you have to keep in mind the trim and reverses that have happened

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Look at your current running equity, and how many dollars it will take to get to your equity target, and that's when it will close.  If it closed at $13 it wouldnt make up for the losses from the trim and reverse

On another note, skoda_02 is going pretty well here

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Target 13.24

And the EA does not close and take it when it is 22 +

It can not bee any reverse there The orders was 10 min old

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Although 10 mins old, it is likely that trim and reverses have happened, that's why EA PL > Profit Target and hasn't closed all trades yet

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Oki

--- 帖子 #517 ---
A nice equity growth line on this 50:1 Add_02 demo.

http://autoforex.biz/bobthoughts/Basket14_Add_02.htm

--- 帖子 #518 ---
This is getting ridiculous having to explain dollar profit target and equity profit target over and over again. Some people just refuse to read or do not understand what they are reading.

E2u, you need to take the screen shot of the entire comment block. You have left out the only figure that really matters here, the current equity. The account PL makes no difference as far as when these EAs close. You are not in profit when you have a + PL. Your current equity must be more than the LastFlatEquity before you are in profit. When your Account Equity reaches the Equity Profit Target the EA will close and take the profit - has nothing to do with PL.

I sure hope we don't have to explain that again.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
MC, are you taking profit at .5% now?

--- 帖子 #520 ---
On the 50:1 demo, yes, ProfitPct is 0.5.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
No need to explain it.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
That was the last time!!

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Add_02a finally started trading yesterday at 1900 GMT. It presently has 104 .01 lot trades with a -$140 PL. I don't think that one is going to work.

If we used a half way reliable indicator to predict direction for opening the add trades, it would probably work pretty well.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Is all else default?

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Could I have got it backward?

Nope, doesn't appear so.

I think I have too-loose logic in allowing add trades.

I'll adjust that and see what happens.

|

v

--- 帖子 #526 ---
The money train just dropped off another load.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
MC, Add_01 is booming - 7 close-alls for 7%(+) since starting 10 Sep - 8 trading days.

Also, I have calculated how much of the profit came from original 14 trades as opposed to added trades. It is interesting.

If you don't count the first close-all, which was using the original, flawed EA, of the 6 remaining closes 3 were totally carried by the add-ons with the original trades having a loss - 1 was carried by the adds except for $4 from the originals - 1 shared half n half - and only 1 was carried by the original trades.

Maybe you should use the Add_01 logic for adding trades to 02a.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
And another.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Nice Pinhead.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
More data.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Skoda - I am using goMarkets and haven't had an issue.  Matter of fact 02 worked so well on my demo I have put it on a small live account to see if it can trend in the right direction before putting it on the main account.

So far I like what I see out of this one as my introductory broker for goMarkets pays out on the number of lots traded so as long as I am flat to positive the more trades the better.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
CUtiger95,

Could you please share your settings, starting capital, leverage and results?

I had said Skoda_02 would be my personal choice, seemed logical, but what matters is the outcome.

Thanks!

EDIT: Oh and your lowest margin too :-)

--- 帖子 #533 ---
I had no luck with the EA's and wont be using them on a live account. Skoda_01 has had two equity pops since starting Monday am, but so has the original Basket14_03, and Skoda_02 is sitting at -4% of it's starting amount and hasn't closed a full basket. The whole point of Skoda_02 was to try and predict the direction of each pair straight off with as close to no trims as possible - this didn't happen on my test.

Given that people are getting completely different results, it suggests to me that the short time frame standard deviation percent is not really doing anything and it's still just luck with the time the EA is started. As such I have already started trying them at a regression period of 96, but still don't think it'll make much, if any, difference. So far for me on demo the most consistent performance has come from Basket14_03a.

My live Basket14_01's are slowly clawing back from the 20% down on my account opening balance they got to.  (Lowest margin 211.36% on a 100:1 account).  This means they will have to make up this 20% plus the 10% I had already made last week before a basket is closed. Given that the EA is only aiming for 1% in the first place I think it's going to take a loooong time to do 30%, athough it seemed to lose it pretty fast! :-)

Yes, I have nobody to blame but myself & I know that eventually the loss will be recovered, but I never expected a 30% draw down, so just be careful people (or more careful than I was).

--- 帖子 #534 ---
I think a lot of us got caught with a trim and reverse BUY on GBPCHF last Friday between 0800 and about 1000 GMT, which absolutely went the wrong way and produced a big minus trade which has not reversed again. It happened on 2 of my demos and my live account. On the 2 demos I changed ET to 0 in hopes of getting them reversed again, but it hasn't happened yet. On another demo it happened to catch that pair in the right direction and the SELL trade is a big winner.

Just one of those unlucky events that take time to recover from.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
I turned basket 5 off.  down over 1k in demo.  What vs are working best?

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Skoda2008,

I have been on the sidelines developing some tools to analyze the dynamics of the two baskets.  Frankly, I do not understand where we got the idea that Group 2 was a hedge for Group 1.  I believe that you noted the same thing in an earlier post. There seems to be a strong positive correlation between the two groups.

I also whole heartedly agree with your assessment that short term trend is of little value in determining basket direction.  What is more important is the longer term trend such as daily/weekly - or the old standby - the 200 SMA.

I have an indicator that displays basket candles in US Dlrs for all configurations of buy/sell of the two groups with net results - all pips wins and losses are displayed in dollars - candles and histograms.

I am currently in a stop and think mode about where to go next with my work. I have currency strength indicators that could possibly be a help.

BTW - I have a n-order polynomial curve fit indicator that is a super set of the linear regression calculation that you use that could be of interest to you.

KingHigh

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Hi Skoda

Your version Basket 14_03 Skoda_02 has a big potential.

Yesterday i gained 5 % but unfortunately after the Federal news (20:15 PM) the system lost 15 % !!!

We need a better protection against this kind of news for instance if losspercent > x --> close all and stoptrading.

Best regards.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Frazer

I got caught by this trade last Friday, however it reversed again yesterday.  I have since had another 5 trims and finally the equity is moving in the right direction and quite strongly too.  At one point I was approx 20% off my equity target and am now about 6% off it.  I am using basket 14_02 with ET of 2.

Paul

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hi KingHigh

I guess I did note that the two groups aren't necessarily hedged by virtue of their group percentage deviations often being either both negative or both positive - but you put it much more clearly!

If there is indeed a positive correlation between the two groups then maybe we should be pouncing only when the difference between the percentage deviations of the two groups exceeds a certain amount?  That is, still sell the more positive and buy the more negative group but only once the difference between them exceeds a certain threshold.

The next little project for me will be to convert the indicator to show the two group percentages graphically on historical data, then I can experiment with the time frame and get a better picture of what is going on & how often.

n-order polynomials?  I studied electronic engineering a long time ago and this is starting to sound a lot like filter design.  I'll stick to straight lines for now thanks :-)  I've also looked at currency strength indicators before, but I'm not sure if it really helps when we are buying/selling so many different combinations of the same currency?  If you want to share the indicators you've come up with I'm sure we'd all like to have a look.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Honestly, I would put it down to a lucky start, then Lemony Snicket's.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Ditto, I think I'm getting close to manually closing everything out.  If I can walk away with my original starting capital I will be happy.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Skoda

Hope you didn't close out as last fridays leg has hit a close all this afternoon.  Very happy with EA so far and think that having watched the last few days closely (and cursed the bad trade last friday) this has given me some real faith as it still did what it says on the tin.

Paul

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Using Confirm14_03 Installed 9/7/10

Update - As per my last update I was in a drawdown and waiting for my next bingo - Here are the new numbers.

Max floating drawdown 17.30%

Last Flat equity - $56550.00

Equity Profit Target - $57115.00

You do the math - What an exceptional EA - Thanks again Meta & Fraze

Juiceman

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Using Confirm14_03 Installed 9/7/10

Update - As per my last update I was in a drawdown and waiting for my next bingo - Here are the new numbers.

Max floating drawdown 17.30%

Last Flat equity - $56550.00

Equity Profit Target - $57115.00

You do the math - What an exceptional EA - Thanks again Meta & Fraze

Juiceman[/quote]

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Juiceman I notice you have been successful with confirm14_03 EA so far. Coudl you please provide me your settings and the max draw down experienced so far.

Would appreciate yoru help.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Does it affect the EA if I close my demo account or I need to keep it on and running. What I mean is if demo is close would EA also get closed or will continue working for me.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Ripper

You need to keep the MT4 platform open with the EA on the chart, otherwise it will not be able to trim, reverse or close all.

Paul

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Thanks Paul

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Rip - I am the using the default settings for the 200:1 and had a max floating drawdown of 17.30 percent - what an EA - it is just un-believable

Juiceman

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Skoda ....your EA sounds good.

Here are the results from yesterday.

You can see as I said previously an ugly fall due to news.

And today the EA has regained its losses....awesome !

If MC or you could introduce an equity protection to avoid that, it would be well...

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Are u on live or demo?

My settings are:

UserTradingAllowed   = true;

StopAfterNoTrades    = false;

UseSmallestLot       = false;

MaxMarginToUse      =     1.0; // Maximum percent of margin to commit to trades.

Lots                =     0.1;

ProfitPct           =     1.0;

Do I need to change anything? My demo is of $2000 with lots opening 0.1 each. Leverage is 500:1. Do I need to change the MaxMarginToUse? Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Ripper - Here is what posted on 9/6/10 - These are my settings on a DEMO account with a starting capital of 50K

Meta: I have installed Confirm14_03 yesterday, No trades yet and I understand that it may take some time for some trades to take place but I want to make sure I have the proper settings: So here they are

Bailout = False

Slippage = 3

MiniSize = 10000

StdSize = 100000

MaxTrades = 14

Sunday = 0

Monday = 1

Tuesday =2

Wednesday = 3

Thurdsay = 4

Friday = 5

Saturday = 6

UserTradingAllowed = True

StopAfterNoTrades = False

UseSmallestLot = False

MaxMarginToUse = 2.0

Lots = 0.1

ProfitPct = 1.0

MaxMiniProfit = 1000.0

MaxStd = 10000.0

Magic Number is there as well

I have it set up on ForexMeta demo account $50,000 in account @ 100:1 margin - Please let me know if these settings are correct, I also went to market watch and selected show all - Thanks Juiceman
http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/quote.gif

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Rip Man: My previous post of 200:1 is wrong - I am at 100:1 sorry about that

Juiceman

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Juiceman your MaxMarginToUse = 2.0

Since I have leverage of 500:1 I should change it to 0.4. Right?

Frazerd, I belive is also on 500:1 and would agree with me.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Another closure for a good gain.

http://autoforex.biz/bobthoughts/Basket14_Add_02.htm

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Yes, at 500:1 leverage I believe 0.4 is the highest you should set Max Margin.

Just for information, I changed all my 500:1 demos to 0.4 a couple of days ago when you and I discussed it. It is working fine, but I don't think it's making any difference in results. What happens is both winners and  losers are twice the size as before, so it takes just as long to reach the Equity Profit Target. That is my initial assessment. Seems to me that unless we raise the ProfitPct to 2, we are just increasing our risk with no increase in reward. Not good.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Frazerd

I have been thinking of changing the profit target to 1.25 being 3 times my maxmarging. Would that make sense in terms of risk and reward? To be honest I do not fully understand what the maxmargin's effects are.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
MaxMarginToUse is the percent of your account value that will be used to open new trades. If we double MaxMargin it doubles the lot size we are trading. Therefore we should expect to double the profit by cutting in half the time it takes to reach the Profit Target. But I don't think that is the case with these EAs because both the winners and losers are double, so it takes just as long to reach the Profit Target.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Should I leave maxmargin at 0.4 and profit at 1.25 or change something here. Thankx

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Yesterday it had a 1.2% equity pop.

Today, that has been given back plus 8.5% more.

Floating equity is +4%.

7 trades are open.

The EA is flashing that it is trying to open new trades, but they're not opening.

In summary:

Initial balance: 10,000

Yesterday's balance: 10,122

Today's balance: 9,140

Float: Around +440

EA can't open trades ATM (Stuck @ 7)

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Pinhead, sorry, I don't think anyone will be able to resolve your issue with that small amount of information.  I assume you did a Show All or the EA would never have worked in the beginning.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
I was under the impression that with leverage of 500:1 the max margin should be 0.2.  I think this was mentioned earlier in thread.  That's what I have been using.  Works fine

Paul

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Here's a little more info.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Anyone testing Basket14_Add_02aa, and Basket14_Add_02c ?  I started testing these 2 about 24 hours ago and no trades yet.  I'm sure I have everything set up correctly.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
That's up to you.. it should work OK. If it's a demo it will be good to test some higher ProfitPct settings anyway. For live trading I'm going to leave MaxMargin at 0.2 and ProfitPct at 1. I know that works well and I like the safety of the lower MaxMargin.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Paul, yes, I did put that out early in the thread, but then MC doubled his recommended setting for 100:1 leverage, so I figured we could double the 500:1 MaxMargin, as well. It does work fine and is probably pretty safe, but I can't see that it is giving me any additional profit, so why take the extra risk?

--- 帖子 #567 ---
They look for a 24-hour spike in RVI delta between the two sides of the hedge, so it can take a while for trades to open.

I will be testing a slightly modified 02c that opens with the same logic as 02 but adds trades under slightly different logic.  If it works well, I'll post the EA.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
I'm sorry, a statement can't tell us why only 7 trades are opened. Something must have changed with your trading platform, or perhaps you have margin issues. Is your account standard or mini?  Probably standard.  The exchange rates appear to be missing digits and the dollar amounts in the trades are very high for a $10k account.  I urge everyone to make a serious study of account types, leverage, margin, equity, balance, lot sizes and the relationships among them.  If those things aren't well understood, one should stay away not only from EAs but from trading altogether.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
This one has closed twice more already today and both times the Original trades had a negative or near negative total value, with the add-ons accounting for all the profit.

MC, doesn't this suggest the possibility of reserecting the phantom trades? And maybe opening larger lots of the add-ons? Which, of course would not be add-ons if we are using phantoms.

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Yes Frazer, I've had those same thoughts.  As you obviously understand very well, with phantoms, we won't have negative open trades from the original 14 because they won't be there.  And we'll have more margin for the add-ons.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Exactly!! Sure sounds like a real deal.. if the Add_01 logic continues to perform as it is right now, with the larger lot sizes and no negative original trades we would be scooping up 1% profit very quickly.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
I haven't had a chance to test this yet. With this much code, bugs are almost inevitable because even when I think I nailed it on the first try, there is usually at least one issue.

This will not open real trades until at least one phantom trade is 20 pips in the good. If that is the case during minute 0, trades will be added in the direction of pairs that have gained at least 20 pips. You can change the default 20 by altering the PipTarget4Add setting.

You can track phantom buy and phantom sell pips in the screen comments. I list pips by individual pair, by phantom buys as a group, by phantom sells as a group, and then as an entire group.

It is complicated to track phantom PL by dollar amount and I can surely crack that little problem given time, but for now I have chosen pips. Yes I do know what's involved code-wise, so no need to chime in, you coding wizards out there.

Default for MaxMarginToUse is 0.2, default for ProfitPct is 1.0. I intend to test with these settings on a 50:1 leveraged demo.

There is significant new code here (actually some older code surgically fitted into the newer Add code), so don't expect bug-free operation at first.

Please report anomalies you see and I'll upload corrections as soon as I can. I'm busier than usual these next several days all the way through the weekend so please be patient.

|

V

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Just a quick up date on b 14-01 started 9/9 0000gmt

Settings: 3000k demo/marg 2.0/prof pct 0.8/ET 2/50:1 lev

current equity 3298.98 {9.96% gain since 9/9/10}

Nice and steady seems to close out a leg about once per day.

avg about 2.5 cut and reverse per leg.

Also testing basket 14-add04 Up  12.3% since sunday. But that is deceptive because Im using fxopen demo didnt realize min trade size is .1 {1$ per pip} so for my account size way way too risky. But it hasnt blown up yet so Ill keep it going see what happens {lowest margin 112%}.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Now that is what I call fast work.. thanks MC.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Frazer, if this sounds familiar, it should, because it's VERY close to a phantom-based EA we did a while back.

There are some key differences, though.

One, we only let 14 trades get opened with the old EA. Two, we used much more margin per trade. Three, we trimmed losers at a regular interval.

With this new EA, we are not imposing a limit on the number of trades we can open, despite the presence of the MaxTrades setting. It's not used, I didn't mean to leave it in [UPDATE: just removed it and reuploaded].

We are using much less margin per trade.

We are not trimming losers.

My intent is for this to behave a lot like Add_01 but without the original basket of 14 opened as real trades.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Skoda_02 had a fantastic run on my new $1K 500:1 demo account.

Roughly 6.5% gain in about 12.5 hours... woah!

But of course there is the law of averages, will report back in a week.

ET: 2

MaxMarginToUse: 0.4

ProfitPct: 1.0

RegressionLength: 10

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Have a look at my settings above, you are using too much Margin per trade.

If you used 0.4 like I do, the lot per trade for you on starting capital of $2K would be a more comfortable 0.04

2000 * (0.4 / 100) * (500 / 100000) = 0.04

--- 帖子 #578 ---
I was thinking something may have happened to the platform, too. Margin isn't the issue, as there's $8300 available. It allows manual trading with no problem. Settings are default. I'm just gonna pull the plug on this one.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
That's exactly what I was hoping for. Great. I'll get it running tonight.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Nice work, can't wait to try this one out!

I have had Skoda_02 running with en ET of 2 and RegressionLength of 96 for approx 22hrs now & it has had 5 equity pops in that time.  Maybe it's not sa bad as I thought?  Early days though.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
I chickened out.  As soon as I saw break-even I was willing to lose the 10% profit from last week - I figured it is only putting me back a week.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
To me the RegressionLength is just a randomizer.  In reality the pair/group can either expand or contract from opening each order and it's up to us to figure out when they do that.

I've modified your code to include the pair Deviation in the comments when the EA opens trades, so that hopefully in the long term I can collect enough data to filter out the "good" Deviation values from the "bad" relative to the buy/sell trades.

--- 帖子 #583 ---
LOL! I knew it was too good to be true... currently the floating DD is -ve and almost taking the account back down to my starting capital of $1K

Waiting if it can recover!

EDIT: No trims yet, but the Equity now < Starting Capital, but my Lowest Margin is only 1368.11% and my current Margin is 1427.74% so I'm just going to leave it running overnight to see what happens.  It's all relative.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Just put 'The Phantom' on a 10K Mini demo. 100:1 lev.

Default EA settings. Will keep you posted.

I think I better try Mr. Skoda's offerings, too. See if my buzzard-luck can turn 'em into losers.

Mike

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Hi MetaCoder,

Looking at your Phantom14_Add_01 EA it seems to only trade in one direction when the PipTarget4Add condition has been met and there is no trim and reverse strategy and no safety stop at all in this EA.

What would happen if a pair's (or a bunch of pair's) phantom buy/sell meets the PipTarget4Add condition then reverses?

A little bit scary.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
This is Basket14_Add_01 without the initial basket of trades, which are being performed by the phantoms. The add trades are traded in whatever direction the phantom winner is trading, just as the add-on trades in Bskt_Add_01 were. There should be no need for a trim and reverse strategy, just as there was none in Bskt_Add_01. And there are no "safety stops" in any of these EAs.

That will most assuredly happen - all the trades will not be winners, but the assumption here is that most of them will be, as they have been in Bskt_Add_01. The MaxMarginToUse is 0.2 and you can make it less if it makes you feel any better. On my $5000 standard 100:1 leveraged demo it opens .01 lot for each trade, so we're not talking about a lot of margin being used per trade. It would take a whole bunch of losing trades to put the account in jeopardy.

I know I should probably not be answering your questions since I'm not a programmer and you are, but it seemed to me that you did not understand what we are trying to do with this EA. I'm sure MC will give you a better explanation.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
It's all cool, this is a forum and everyone is free to share their thoughts.

I for one am here to learn about new strategies.

No need to explain how Phantom14_Add_01 came about, as I have read MC's posts

I also know about there being no safety stops in any of these EAs - except for the trim and reverse strategy.

But what I am most concerned about is what the Phantom EA is expecting or assuming based on probability of trades continuing in one direction.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
I also note that the Phantom Buys pairs only trade in the buy direction and vice versa for the Phantom Sells pairs.

Wouldn't it be better to also allow the Buys to be traded short and vice versa with the Phantom Sells (based on the negative value of the PipTarget4Add)?

e.g. PipTarget4Add = 20.  So in my suggestion if GBPUSD (a Phantom Buy pair) moves minus 20 pips (instead of up 20 pips) then open a short trade on GBPUSD.

I'm trying not to sound too critical. I just want to understand this strategy better and at the same time share my ideas.

Thanks! :-)

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Is this the situation you were describing, the-game? At 0500 the phantom GBPUSD was at 20(+) pips so the EA opened a GBPUSD buy trade of .01 lot. The GBPUSD reversed almost immediately and is now hovering around 0. My one and only trade so far is worth -$1.05. I suspect by morning I will have several additional trades, hopefully more winners than losers - we shall see.

Not too scary yet.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Something like that but with multiple pairs reversing from their intended direction.

That would be a little more scarier.

What would rattle me the most is seeing the Dollar Profit Target almost in reach then most pairs reverse.

Anyway, it's results that counts

--- 帖子 #591 ---
OK, I didn't understand that part of your concern. I think that might be a very good addition to the EA. EDIT: However, it can get you into a FIFO situation with US brokers.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Yep, results are what count. If you saw the spreadsheet I uploaded earlier today which depicts very graphically the success of Bskt14_Add_01 and the fact that the added trades provided almost all of the profit, that was what we were trying to duplicate using phantom trades rather than the live basket trades. We will see how it works out.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
I guess we can also lower the ProfitPct to a more realistic percentage to further decrease the risk.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Aah! I understand now...

But at the same time you can say that the original bunch of opened pairs that weren't trimmed and reversed acted as a safety buffer, thereby preventing your account getting into a larger drawdown.

EDIT:  I just read what I wrote and now I am rethinking because that is exactly what the Phantom trades are for... I'll leave it there for all to see and think about, just in case, but for now I am unsure of what I just wrote.

--- 帖子 #595 ---
I saw your results and understand why the Phantom EA was created, but looking at one of your earlier trading rounds, I saw this:

+63.86  Original Trades PL

-20.95  Added Trades PL

I looked further to understand why...

It was mainly because GBPUSD was greater than the DollarProfitTarget most hours of that round, so the EA kept adding trades to it.

BUT!  What the EA failed to track was the initial trade's hourly progress.

If it did track the hourly progress, then it wouldn't have added more trades when it noticed that the pair was slowly pulling back in terms of the initial trade's last hour's profit.

e.g.

Hour1: GBPUSD initial trade is now +60 and greater than DollarProfitTarget... Woohoo! Let's add a 10% lot!

Hour2: Now +61 and still >DPT... ooh the added trade is now +1, lets add another 10% trade

Hour3: Now +58 but still >DPT... oh noes... the added trades are now -5 in profit combined... hmmm, let's not add any more trades this hour

etc...

etc...

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Maybe add it as an option for people using non-US brokers?

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Good idea!  I'll be interested in seeing if a pattern develops...

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Thank you the-game for your advise on proper money management settings. I have made the suggested setting changes.

My system crashed so all previous demo testing work gone. I have started a fresh one and currently testing only confirm14_03.

Is it possible to have initial trades of 0.01 lots but add-on to be of 0.1 lots so that we reach the equity target sooner. Obviously there is risk so we can have a basket stop loss script run or individual stop loss settings.

Also, I like the phantom trades idea and have also shared the same concept earlier with Meta of just taking the winning trades i.e. Have 7 buys and 7 sells in a demo and take trades in live account for only the ones which trim and reverse. We can have inidividual trade stop loss and profit targets set according to our risk appetite.

Views?

--- 帖子 #599 ---
the-game, you were busy while I was sleeping. All very good ideas if they can be incorporated into the code. MC says anything that can be done manually can be coded. The problem is his time constraints.

In reference to your observation on reverse trading those pairs that exceed the trigger in the negative direction - maybe we could do that only if there is not already a trade on that pair in the opposite direction.

I'm sure MC will weigh in on these observations when he has time.

As of 1500 GMT my Phantom demo has 26 trades and is up $25. It changes rapidly. I've seen it down about $17 just about 30 min ago. It just added 3 more trades at 1600 and is hovering around 0 right now. I changed the PipTarget4Add to 15 just prior to 1600. Now it's up $7 again. Really moves fast.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
I think if we can add stop loss of say 30 pips or whatever each one of us is comfortable with to the trades taken based on phantom settings that would be a cushion against fake move up and pull backs or reversals.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I particularly like this idea, but it sounds like it would be a coding nightmare. With your skills, maybe you and MC could collaborate on some of these ideas. I think this could be a super EA.

Thanks the-game.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
I'm not saying the-game's idea is not good, it might be excellent, but I'm not going to add logic to an EA when it's trading as I intended and I haven't even seen it work for more than 12 hours.

When you get idea you think is great and you really believe in it, then it should be worth trying to code it yourself. You'll learn a lot and if you're not careful you might even have fun.

I like to let new ideas brew in my mind for a while before I decide whether I'm going to code them.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I believe the essence of what you're saying is that all trades on a pair should be positive before adding more trades to the pair. That AUTOMATICALLY means hourly progress has been positive, or at least the spirit of your idea is supported.

Maybe there are several trades open on a pair, and an hour comes where a couple of them pulled back. At minute 0 of that hour, no trades would be opened on it. But if one hour later all trades on the pair were positive, we have forward progress and we'd open another trade on the pair.

Of course, if no trade has been opened for a pair yet, we would allow a new trade on it.

|

v

--- 帖子 #604 ---
That sounds like it's pretty close to what the-game was suggesting. Works for me. I'll try it on a different platform to compare.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Add_01 has closed again today with similar results - basket trades -$50, add-ons +$99.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Even the strategy we consider less optimal keeps giving gains.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Thanks, Frazer.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
So far reading from the results posted so far it appears that confirm14_03 and Basket 14_Add_01 are working better than the others.

Any disagreement?

What would be the difference if Add_04 is used instead. Frazerd have u tried Add04?

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Go forward not backward and try the phantoms.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Meta there is nothing to prevent big losses when using phantom. I started using it but then felt the need to have stop loss. As I was not sure of what to do about it I started testing Add_04.

Do you have any suggestions?

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Have you missed that the trades are within the framework of a pure synthetic hedge?  So yes there is something in place to prevent large losses: hedging.

I suggest you look to other strategies if you are uncomfortable not having stoplosses.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
We don't have stop losses on any of these EAs. Why do you feel the need on this one? The lot sizes are very small and since we do not trade the basket, only the small add trades, the gains and losses are very small. And, like all the other EAs on this thread, it only closes when there is a gain. The losses are only temporary.

I have had it running since last night and the largest floating loss has been $61. I only look at it occasionally, maybe once every hour or so, and the biggest floating gain I've seen has been about $30. It has a floating loss right now of $4.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Yes, I am very enthusiastic about the results of Bskt_Add_01. On the other hand, I am disappointed in Phtm_Add_01 so far. I expected it to take profit much more quickly. It now has 34 trades and a -$2 floating PL.

I think the PipTarget4Add may be too low. At first I thought it was too high and lowered it for 2 hours, but then went back to 20. After I get the first close I will try a higher number. I have trouble relating pips to $s. And, of course Bskt_Add only looks at $s. I think that has to be the difference in performance.

--- 帖子 #614 ---
MC, I have noticed that the phantom trades on my 02 demo are not updating. I've been watching it since prior to 2300 GMT and nothing has changed in over 15 minutes. Any thoughts on why that might happen? It will never trade at this rate.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
The PipTarget4Add default of 20 is pretty small.  It's a lot more than 20 pips that would be needed to get the DollarProfitTarget.

So what has happened is that add-on trades started opening much sooner than they would have in previous versions.

We can find out what was the typical pip level to start triggering trades in earlier versions, or I can code the phantom profit in dollar terms -- tricky because we have to account for four or five digit exchange rates.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
No clue.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
It was a classic software bug.  Fixed it.  Redownload from here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=603

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Seems like the best solution is to have the phantoms in dollars, then we are duplicating Bskt_Add_01 exactly. Also, using pips means we have to keep adjusting it as the Dollar Profit Target gets bigger.

EDIT: There I go asking for the more difficult coding solution again. Sorry MC.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
NO, using pips doesn't mean we'd have to keep adjusting it.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Are you sure? It is not a percentage of Equity as is Dollar Profit Target. SO if I figure the number of pips that equates to my current Dollar Profit Target, that number will only be good until the next close and then I'll have to adjust it if I want this EA to operate the same as Bskt_Add. Or am I missing something?

--- 帖子 #621 ---
To get the dollar value is quite easy. Unfortunately I dont have enough time to code it myself, even though it doesn't seems to be too complicated.

I would use something like this:

Inserted Code GBPUSD_PL_Dollars = DoubleToStr(GBPUSD_PL*MarketInfo("GBPUSD",MODE_TICKVALUE)*UseLots,1)

or if you want to just see dollar values of phantom trades you can modify the comment string to something like this:

Inserted Code ...
"nGBPUSD Phantom PL: " + DoubleToStr(GBPUSD_PL,1) + " pips  $" + DoubleToStr(GBPUSD_PL*MarketInfo("GBPUSD",MODE_TICKVALUE)*UseLots,1) +
"nEURGBP Phantom PL: " + DoubleToStr(EURGBP_PL,1) + " pips  $" + DoubleToStr(EURGBP_PL*MarketInfo("EURGBP",MODE_TICKVALUE)*UseLots,1) +

...

p777m

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Update: In a drawdown, I have not hit the new equity target still waiting but confidence is high

Juiceman

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Close, but not quite. Tick value is one-tenth normal when there is another decimal place for exchange rates, is it not? Your example will work with "normal" 2 and 4 decimal rates.

I knew people were going to chime in like this, which is why I asked them not to...

However, if you're SURE tick value remains fixed regardless of how many decimal places are in the exchange rate, then I thank you and ask indulgence for my ignorance.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
You're missing that pips are pips. What changes are the lot size and dollar target as account equity grows.

20 pips when the lot size is 0.02 gives you more money than when the lot size is 0.01.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Here's my first attempt at modifying Phantom14_Add_01 to use a dollar trigger for adding new trades.

To know if it's correct, we'll need to test on both 4-digit and 5-digit accounts.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
One item that I found last night that is quite interesting.  I use another system on the same account and it opened a trade.  The trade went positive and drove my equity above the target ob basket.

Basket then closed all open trades except the other EA's trades and started at ground zero again.

Very interesting, currently I am in a drawdown but have faith in the system as it effectively hedges and I believe that the root system is virtually flawless.  I am currently checking the phantom system on a demo account.  If it works out well I hope to put it on my small experimental account first of next week.  Will chime in if I see anything else.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
MC,

Just for clarification on phantom 02

1. Trades will open at the top of every hour when the phantom pip count >20 pips

2. does this also apply to phantom trades that are >-20 pips?

3. if yes to #2, can you adjust the onscreen display to show whether the phantom trade is a buy or sell?

Thanks for info, I have this one up on demo as well (you are taking up way too many demo's here!

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Nope no pattern, sorry Skoda.

I'll be experimenting with using the CCFp indicator next week.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Wow, MC you've been busy while I've been sleeping!

I really appreciate you considering my ideas, I think phantom 2 is very close to what I was suggesting.

However I still believe in Basket14_03 and skoda's work, but as I said in a previous post I will be using the CCFp indicator to figure out the direction of each pair when opening trades.

I've had good success with Basket14_03 and Basket_03-Skoda_02 so this is my last try at getting it right.

Phantom strategy has a LOT of potential though and I will be intently following it's progress and of course sharing my ideas on it :-)

I'll review the coding in Phantom_02 and give you my thoughts.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
I started demos for Phantom 01a and 02, they look normal so far, based on the screen comments.  No trades opened yet.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Hi MetaCoder,

You have coded Phantom_02 with my suggestion correctly, I am actually surprised at how easy it was to code in the end, props to you :-)

Cheers,

the-game.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
I like the Phantom add idea, but will still persist with developing the indicator I mentioned earlier, as it may still help to decide when to start trading one of the other systems.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Firstly, MC has asked you NOT to run these EAs on the same account with another EA or manual trades.

Secondly, the EA closes by magic number. It will never close trades it did not open.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
I also have both EAs running. Started 02 3 hours ago and it made 1 trade at 0200 and it's down about $5. I changed the pipsTarget to 30 just now.

I set 01a to take .5% profit in hopes that it will close quickly and frequently - we'll see. The dollar phantoms look great on my 5 decimal account.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Hi frazerd,

A suggestion if I may.

Please try to keep the same settings as your Add_01 demo for both Phantom EAs (01a and 02).  That is the only way to compare the three together.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Well there are more than 2 phantoms now and the only one that can be accurately compared to Bskt_Add_01 is Phtm_Add_01a because it's the only one that uses dollar phantom trades. And that one cannot really be compared accurately either because when we started using phantom trades and no longer had the big lot size losers, we decided to open bigger lot size add trades. The MaxMargin setting controls the live trades (the add ons) and it is not 1/10.

Finally, it is near impossible to compare trade for trade because none of them were started simultaneously.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
You have a good point and that's fair enough (I did edit my post above to say 01a, sorry)

But I was just saying to compare on a day to day basis not trade for trade.

I really want to see results to see which one would "equity pop" faster and which one would gain the most at the end of, lets say, each week.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
You are welcome to test them yourself. I am keeping mine as I currently have them set because of things I want to compare.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Okay point taken

--- 帖子 #640 ---
I guess my post was glossed over, but seems logical to me that phantom negative trades should also be acted upon.

If long gbpjpy phantom is more than -20 pips in the hole, a short gbpjpy would be taken.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
For anyone who is interested, I've merged Phantom 01a and 02 together to form 01a-the-game.

Does whatever 01a and 02 does, just together :-)

--- 帖子 #642 ---
I have been running few EAs since last week on FxOpen demo ($1 a pip). Present drawdown around 270 pips. Very encouraging overall and thanks to MC.

(I have run it from +3 GMT to +14GMT only)

--- 帖子 #643 ---
[Quote = IamTHAT; 4045525] Ich leite paar EAs seit letzter Woche auf FxOpen Demo (1 $ pro pip). Present Drawdown rund 270 Pips. Sehr insgesamt erfreuliche und dank MC.

(Ich habe es von +3 bis +14 GMT laufen nur GMT) [/ quote]

hello ,

where you put the one-time trade

GMT 3 clock in the morning because I sleep more, and 14 clock gmt where I work so I programmed the time?

can not find the setting,

need help.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #644 ---
OMGWTFBBQ?

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Hi MetaCoder,

I found a bug in the Phantom EAs

This line in AddIfNeeded():

Inserted Code for (i = GBPUSDidx; i < EURCHFidx; i++)

Needs to be:

Inserted Code for (i = GBPUSDidx; i <= EURCHFidx; i++)

because the EURCHF symbol won't get traded on.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
I have run it during this period which is my local day time. Nothing special about mentioned timing. So, no worry, you can run it whenever it suits you.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
nice catch on that bug thegame

As per my previous posts:

I have successfully figured out how to test out my idea of reversing the losing phantom trades, as well as adding to the winning, so will be sure to share my test results after some time.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Here is something to play with over the weekend.  It now graphically shows the standard deviation from regression for the two groups on historical data.

I hope it can be used to determine which group to sell & which to buy for any of the EA's, I'd assume it would have more meaning when they have deviated from each other by a larger amount.

Chart time frame & number of periods for the calculation can be experimented with to see if it shows anything useful?  It is quite labour intensive though, so make sure you have historical data for all pairs already on your PC & don't go to nuts with the regression length.  (My Netbook really struggles with it).

Oh, and there should be no divide by zero's with this one!

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Many thx Skoda.

I like very much your version Basket14_03-skoda _02.

Could you write it again with this new indy ?

Regards.

--- 帖子 #650 ---
^ No, because it would behave exactly the same.

The purpose of this indicator is to have a graphical representation of the GROUP deviations from their (implied) mean.  I intend to use it to run along side the original basket_01 and see if the fastest successful closures correspond to a difference between the deviations above a certain threshold.  That threshold is yet to be determined.  If there is some kind of connection then it could be used as the basis to buy or sell each group,  and possibly determine when to sit aside.  This would work whether they are real opening trades or phantom ones.

Because it now shows historical deviations it is possible for anyone who has being keeping trade records of the current EAs to compare them against this indicator and see if there is a pattern.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Thanks Skoda!  Will be trying it out :-)

EDIT: My terminal has stopped responding, I can't even close the chart that I attached your indicator on

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Frazer,

I started Add_02 less than 48 hrs ago and it's booming! On a $3000 acct, it's up $171. It's had 4 pops. Amazing. I have Add_01 on live with Apari UK and it's not doing so well as the demo's on GoMarkets but it's still doing quite well.  Go Markets has tighter spreads. I have thelot size of the 01  live set to .04. It seems so small. do I have it right? That's the one with the $2000.

Two wonderful EA's.

s

--- 帖子 #653 ---
the only problem i have with this system is....

it sounds just a bit too good to be true.

with +5% a week, since the EA increases lot sizes accordingly....compounded, that's more than 120,000usd in a year, if you started with 10,000usd.

i'm very tempted to put this on a couple thousand USD a/c and then just let it roll.....

very.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Start with a 15min chart and a regression length of 10, then wait a few seconds - like I said, it's a resource hog.  It will use all the history data you have, so if you have a lot it will take ages.  Instead, you may like to edit it to use a for/next loop and only calculate for the last x number of bars.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Yes, if you are talking about MaxMarginToUse 0.4, at 500:1 leverage on a $2000 acct you are probably getting lot sizes of about .04 on the basket trades and .01 on the add-ons. I would not go any higher. If you use less leverage you can increase MaxMargin per MC's instructions in Post #1. Again, you keep saying you have Lots set at .04. You do not change the Lots setting, only the MaxMarginToUse, which determines the lot size.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Good catch!

Also, Phantom 01a probably won't open trades as-is because I didn't multiply PL_Array[i] by 10.0.

I applied the corrections to Phantom14_Add_01a-the-game as well.

Here are the corrected versions.

|

v

--- 帖子 #657 ---
My Phtm_Add_01a has opened 31 trades. However, it is down $300(+). By changing ProfitPct to 0.5 I cut Dollar Profit Target in half. That's why it has opened so many trades and probably why so many are losers. I will start over with your corrected version and leave settings OOTB.

I might add that all my Phantom EAs are down and so is Bskt_Add_01 this morning.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
The Phantom EAs have a couple of bugs (corrected now, see earlier post), plus it IS Friday.

I will do my best to make sure the bugs are banished and the Phantoms earn a good reputation.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
[quote=frazerd;4047125]Yes, if you are talking about MaxMarginToUse 0.4, at 500:1 leverage on a $2000 acct you are probably getting lot sizes of about .04 on the basket trades and .01 on the add-ons. I would not go any higher. If you use less leverage you can increase MaxMargin per MC's instructions in Post #1. Again, you keep saying you have Lots set at .04. You do not change the Lots setting, only the MaxMarginToUse, which determines the lot size.[/quote

Thanks again Frazer. You're right. I didn't change the lot size, I changed the MaxMarginTo Use 0.4. Also my Add_01 was down too today. About 130$. I don't understand it all  but it's still a little beauty.

Thank you both. All of you for all of your hard work. It's amazing. I'm going to put Add_02 on live asap.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Update: Still in a drawdown and watching  Juiceman

--- 帖子 #661 ---
With what EA?

--- 帖子 #662 ---
For those of us who started testing the Phantoms, I suggest that we open fresh demo accounts and use the corrected versions of the EAs.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=656

The lack of EURCHF trades in the initial flawed versions could most definitely be a negative factor.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Meta - I am using Confirm14_03 - I am not nervous I am just watching the EA doing its work. Juiceman

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Basket 14_02 Live Account

1 close all this week.  Current leg in dd with 9 trims so far - confident it will turn around.

Paul

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Just to make sure I understand exactly what this EA does:

- It uses phantoms for the basket trades.

- Phantoms values are expressed in dollars.

- It adds live trades on any phantom pair that exceeds Dollar Profit Target.

- Does not add trade if all previous trades on that pair are not positive.

Is all that correct?

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Frazer, that is correct as far as the intent. I am still not 100% sure the generic tick value logic math is correct. It will have to be to ensure proper synch of the phantom trades with DollarProfitTarget.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
hello an all,

I think it's all interesting results which.

I am of the opinion test the more it is all the easier to the programmer.

I hope I can contribute something to the positive.

I always send a picture where you can see the ea and the report to

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #668 ---
You're so right!  The more test results we see, the better we can understand whether an EA works as intended.  Thank you for providing your data.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
hello MetaCoder,

I can offer a test yet,

Here are Monday's nothing

I'm waiting.....

i see and see... nothing...

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #670 ---
I am testing my modified version of phantom 02, will let u know after a week, but so far 3 1% equity pops in the 7 hrs it's been running

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Skoda2008,

Looked at your MultiPair indy and would like to make an observation.

When doing any sort of cross currency pair calculations, you can never assume that the bar of one pair has a matching bar in the other currencies at the same time.  Unless -- you have perfect history data, which I have never had. Once there is a missing bar in any currency, the problem just accumulates.

On an EA that I was developing for a hedge between EURUSD and USDCHF, I HAD the holygrail until I figured out that the bars were missaligned and I was using future data from USDCHF for caluclations.  Oh Well - big disappointment.

SoOOO - I use the following for each pair:

baseTime = iTime("EURUSD",0,bar); // probably the most complete set of bars

targetBar = iBarShift(TargetPair,0,baseTime,FALSE);

or more concise:

targetBar = iBarShift(TargetPair,0,iTime("EURUSD",0,bar),FALSE);

Hope this helps.

KingHigh

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Today I tried extreme settings of MaxMargingToUse = 1 and ProfitPct = 3 and the Phantom did extremely well.

During news it can experience quite a bit of drawndown but I want to see how it handles the situation. My little modification will trade untill all margin is used and if profit target not hit it would start over again and close all for a loss.

So far I'm impressed by the Phantom...

I dared to modify the way how phantom trades appears on the screen as I was annoyed by the underlyning graph. I know it can be switched off but I chose different workaround. It shows both the dollar value and pips. If anyone is interested you can look at the attached pics.

MetaCoder thanks for creating such a great thread.

p777m

--- 帖子 #673 ---
[Quote = p777m; 4047644] Heute habe ich versucht extremen Einstellungen des MaxMargingToUse = 1 und ProfitPct = 3 und das Phantom war extrem gut.

Während Nachrichten kann es Erfahrung ziemlich viel drawndown aber ich möchte sehen, wie es die Situation verarbeitet. Meine kleine Modifikation wird der Handel bis alle Marge verwendet wird und wenn Gewinnziel nicht treffen würde es wieder von vorn anfangen und schließen Sie alle für einen Verlust.

Bisher bin ich von dem Phantom beeindruckt ...

Ich wagte es, die Art, wie Phantom Trades auf dem Bildschirm erscheint, wie ich von der Grafik underlyning ärgerte ändern. Ich weiß, es kann abgeschaltet werden, aber ich wählte verschiedene Workaround. Es zeigt sowohl die Dollar-Wert und Pips. Wenn jemand interessiert ist kann man auf den beigefügten Fotos sehen.

MetaCoder Dank für die Schaffung eines solchen großen Thread.

p777m [/ quote]

hello ,

please , the ea post-

thank you very much

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #674 ---
I know this is a bit off topic, but it is important.

I hope all you developers take note of what KingHigh mentioned. From what I have seen, this is a very common mistake made by amateur (and professional) MT4 coders. In fact, many of the so-called "best" programmers on FF make this error. As KingHigh has witnessed, it can certainly lead to invalid data and invalid backtest (visual and otherwise) results.

Obviously, this error has more chance of causing invalid data on the lower timeframes (M1, M5) where gaps in history are more likely. Nevertheless, it is a good habit to never, ever assume the shift for one symbol will be the same for a different symbol.

Bravo KingHigh!!

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Very interesting, were you using the corrected Phantom EAs or the ones uploaded yesterday?

--- 帖子 #676 ---
It's good to understand as many of the MetaTrader platform and MetaQuotes language idiosyncracies as humanly possible, because some of them are gamestoppers.

I would like to note though that on this thread, the strategies and the EAs that implement them do not depend heavily on indicators.  My personal emphasis is on tactical frameworks, not indicators.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
No kidding?

The fixes have only been out there about four hours...or did you make the fixes yourself when you saw the-game's post? http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=645

Show us your mods...

--- 帖子 #678 ---
yeah i saw them when he posted about it.  and since it was only just not taking eurchf trades, wasnt a huge deal.  i did fix when he posted it though

also tossed up your old phantom 02 and the latest one in code compare, and saw that was the only change

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Actually I think it's kind of a big deal because I've seen statements where EURCHF was the deal-closer on getting equity pop.

Good for you, using a code compare tool.

We use Beyond Compare at work.  Invaluable.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
yeah i googled for one when u mentioned it awhile back. thanks for that tip, has come in handy a couple of times now

--- 帖子 #681 ---
So tazmaan since you have possibly the most experience among us watching the Phantom concept as it is intended to work, do you think it looks better than the EAs that first open the 14 trades and then start adding?

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Need more time to come to a conclusion on that, but I do really like the concept of the phantom.  basically just trying to add trades while they are moving in the right direction, without the experimental beginning trade to hold us back while we figure it out

In my mod, i have it taking a reverse of the trades that are -20 pips and more as well, which makes sense to me.

We'll see after a week or so if it holds any value i guess.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
As frazerd's well notated spreadsheets show us, the 14 initial trades really do hold us back most of the time. They usually contribute negatively, but the add-on trades overcome the initial trades and we reach our profit goal. So having only the add-ons and no real initial trades but virtual/"phantom" trades as our reference should prove to be a superior strategy.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
In choppy seas I think your accounts will get pretty beat up with that tactic.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Yeah, we'll find out soon enough I am sure

however, i don't see it being SO different than just taking >+20 pip addons.  a long eu phantom that is >20 pips in profit, is the same as a short eu phantom that is >-20 pips in loss.

At least that's how my mind is working through it anyhow.  time will tell how wrong I am

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Meta in one of my posts something similar I had suggested. i.e. phantom trades and taking trades in live account which get into profits. I talked about trade only which trim and reverse and keep target small to close them all. Hwoever, I am still not sure how to limit the losses if those winners eventually turn out to be losers (assuming they do so before the equity pop).

--- 帖子 #687 ---
+20 trades only applies to those in Sell basket i.e. any buy basket trade (phantom) gets to +20 trade for add on opened so is true for any sell basket trade (phantom) which gets to 20 pips profit. So why consider -20? May be u r trying to sell the buy basket trades if they get -20. Right? Will have more trades opened that way. It is kind of taking only trades which trim and reverse, which in this case would be trimmed when -20

--- 帖子 #688 ---
phantom 02 doesnt take them in baskets, only individual pairs which are > piptarget4add.

I dont believe there is trim and reverse in this version either.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
More trades will be added to the new winning pairs. This offsets the losses and eventually tips the account to profit.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
I used the original with the error not corrected and using 20 pips for add ons. But later I corrected the eruchf thing. The profit was generated without eurchf.

p777m

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Just a data point.  I've been testing Basket14_Add_02 and Basket14_Add_02aa this week on separate demo accounts.  The aa version is getting beat up pretty bad but the straight Basket14_Add_02 seems to be doing pretty well with little pain.

I believe MetaCoder is testing Basket14_Add_02 as well.  My results seem to agree with his.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
since we shouldn't be manual trading or have any other EA on.... would this not mean we would need a seperate computer so we can let basket 14 run continuously?

even on two seperate computers, i don't know if my same live a/c could be opened seperately. i may have to have 2 seperate computers and 2 seperate live a/c's.

one for my normal trading, and another just to leave it running.

edit: not to be rude, but there seems to be so many different versions everyone is testing.  if i use a 3k live a/c and use: Phantom14_Add_01a-the-game.mq4 (48.9 KB, 20 views)  will that work?

or are things still being sorted out and i should demo first?

--- 帖子 #693 ---
You can run numerous platforms on one computer - why do you think you can only run one?

You should never trade any EA live without running it on a demo first to see for yourself how it works and be sure you are comfortable with it before you trade it live.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
really? that's great!

can you show me how i can open an additional MT4 on the same computer? i'm using fxcm.

thanks

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Just download another platform, and mark it #2 or put a name to it to make it a different folder.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
WinMerge

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Hi MC,

I'm not entirely sure what your intent is but I think this mod is not needed, as it is taken care of by the following lines for each pair:

E.g.

Inserted Code EURCHF_PL = (EURCHFbid - MarketInfo(EURCHFsym, MODE_ASK)) / EURCHFpoint;
EURCHF_PL *= TickvalArray[EURCHFidx]*UseLots;
PL_Array[EURCHFidx] = EURCHF_PL;

The 01a EA was working fine without your modification.

With your modification it would open trades if the pair's profit is 1/10th of the DollarProfitTarget.

Was this your intent?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Hi MC and Frazerd

Great thread.  You have done an incredible job with coding MC and analysis Frazerd.  Thank you for all your efforts!

MC - I just loaded the phantoms yesterday and noticed when I re-compiled the EA's that the phantoms reset.  To keep these EA's consistent with Basket14_01 and Basket14_Add_01, wouldn't it be necessary to keep the original phantom information until all activity is closed by the close all function.

As you know, I have dabbled in coding a bit, but am not sure how to avoid the phantoms from resetting.

As always, thanks for all your efforts MC and Frazerd.

Mark

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Put them into Global Variables dude

--- 帖子 #700 ---
yes. thanks for that. it's been all sorted out.

which version are you testing, sir?

--- 帖子 #701 ---
14_Add_01   &  14_Add_02

Both are very good.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
hello sir, let me demo that for a week or 2 first. just to make sure the settings and all are working.

is the phantom a work in progress?

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Yes, and you are encouraged to test those.  Everything is a work in progress. But read  the thread please. It's very worth while. It's very fast moving. It's worth it. You must know what's been done so far and what there is to do.

All the best to you.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Here are my weekly spreadsheet reports comparing this EA using ExceedenceTrigger 2 and 3. ET 2 continues to outperform ET 3, but at the cost of having more trims and bigger drawdowns.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
This one is doing well,but only about half the gain of 01_ET2

--- 帖子 #706 ---
This one closed again yesterday with only 1 add-on trade and all the profit coming from the original basket. This is one time that the phantom EA would not have been advantageous. The gain for the week was 6.5% and 11.65% for the 2 weeks it's been running.

However, it now has 60 open trades and a PL of -305, -169 for basket trades and -136 for the add-ons.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
I was going to post my nice results for skoda_02, but I got some trims on thursday night that shot my great results for now.  Hopefully will make it up this week sometime.  Either way,

skoda_02: started 9/20, $2500 start bal, current bal 2876, 15% return, 21% dd

add_01: started 9/10, 1k start bal, current bal 1293, 29.3% return, 27% dd

14_03: started 9/8, 1k start bal, current bal 1075, 7.5% return, 9.05% dd

14_02: started 9/8, 1k start bal, current bal 1086, 8.6% return, 9.84% dd

looking forward to see how phantom does in the coming weeks

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Thanks for the tip, this is the first indicator I have programmed, let alone multipair!

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Since my winning phantom trades had been open a few hours and none of them had profit nowhere near DollarProfitTarget, I thought I needed to multiply PL_Array[i] by 10.0 in the AddIfNeeded function.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
That would be a good solution if it were important to maintain the open price for the trades.

However, if the platform gets restarted and PL is reset, we still open trades based on recent positive action in the phantom trades.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Strange indeed.  I still think it is not needed as you are not dividing UseLots into 10 or any code using the factor of 10.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
I was being silly... I could forsee how hard it was to code plus your FAQ says, to code it yourself if you think it's a great idea ;-)

--- 帖子 #713 ---
HELLO AN ALL PHANTOMTESTER,

see you-

MARGINCALL!!!

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #714 ---
I wonder how frazerd is doing.  I was always skeptical about the add EAs, seemed martingale'ish to me.

I think the original Basket 14 trim and reverse strategy has a lot of potential and just needs to be refined.

I've been working on using CCFp indicator with the Basket14_03 EA, but still can't pick the right direction.  It is of course an indicator, and all indicators lag by default.

Ah well, back to the drawing board :-)

--- 帖子 #715 ---
I'm having no problems with the Add_01. It's running like a machine.

Add_02 just did an equity pop! So it's good too.

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Mine is still very much alive with a -120 PL - you will recall that it was -308 at COB Friday, so it is improving. That is on a $4800 acct, so it's really not a big deficit. I think the 2 who reported margin calls must be using much smaller accts and the add-on trades are about the same size as the basket trades. My basket trades are 0.1 lots while my add-ons are 0.01, 1/10, as the EA was designed to trade. Just ran a new statement and the PL is back down to -169. It moves very fast.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Whoa, you just reported a margin call on 02. Please don't report a margin call until the broker has actually closed your trades for a loss.

The other person who reported a margin call was brand new to this thread and obviously did not know what was going on if you read his/her other posts.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
I tested to please excuse, I have ea basket of other forums all was scrap-

I know, of course, not the programming details because I'm not a programmer, I test to see whether and how it works.

Here is an account with the aforementioned ea - I dunno differed in the program, I show only what happened to help. I  am not a critic, I've been a manual trader years but would like to  switch to automatic and manual search for a functioning system I work  only with support and resistance -

I  am not open to criticism but I would also like to one alternative -  only to improve without some criticism is constructive'm too old for  such games.Anhören

Umschrift

you see the ea......

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Anyone with sucess on phantoms? I am using phantoms the-game version coded by Meta. In negative so far. Opened it this Sunday.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Frazer,

My lots are .01, my margin is 50:1, and the acct size is $2000. Is working well after the pop. That's the demo on Add_02.

The live acct with Add_01 is down $120+ over the last couple of trading days. It is a $2000 acct with 500:1 and .04 lots.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
My apologies.....My margin was well  into the negative. I've never been there before.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Hi MC,

I'm looking to test the Basket_01 and a few post said that with ET2 this is better (compare to ET3). But i have a stupid quesiton : what does ET stand for?

Thx

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Those with the smaller accounts need to be careful their accounts are not STANDARD accounts.  A smaller account like $2,000 should be a mini.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
It's with .01 lots.

I have 50:1 on that one.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
vienna, my apologies if I have upset you. Now I am very confused. The last statement you posted shows a profit of $60(+). Certainly not a margin call. Can you explain a little more?

It is very important that you go back to the beginning of this thread and educate yourself on everything that we have been doing. You need to understand how the EA works before testing and reporting on it.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
You need to be very careful about what MaxMargin you use for what leverage level. As MC pointed out it is not advisable to trade a very small standard account. Anything less than $5000 should probably be a mini account. I know some brokers, maybe most, do not offer mini accounts. The next best thing is a standard account that has 2 decimal place capability, but that is still not the same as a mini account. My account is at $4800 with 500:1 leverage and with the MaxMargin set to 0.4 it opens 0.1 lots for the basket and .01 for the add-ons. That is the smallest account that will allow the EA to work as MC designed it.

That is not to say that smaller accounts cannot survive. They most cetainly can and have. Yours is a good example of that.

EDIT: I might add that my acct that was down $300 Friday and close to $200 a couple of hours ago, is now down only $80.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Frazer,

On my chart, it shows my acct as being a standard acct when it is actually a micro acct. I have 500:1 margin, $2000, Max Margin to Use is .04 and my lots are .04 and .01.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
I''m glad to hear that! My acct was down $200+ and now is down maybe $140. So it's coming around.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Confirm14 is the refinement.  Trouble is, patience is required.  People hate that.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
It wouldn't be bad at all to code.  I think I even had coded it at one point so I'd have the code sitting in my archives.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
But the new tick value code, involving division by 10, could have been wrong and not a generic solution for all brokers and account types (mini and standard).

What I was seeing on my 50:1 mini demo could have been different from what someone else was seeing on their 500:1 standard demo.  I still haven't thought it all through -- to keep it generic and correct for all brokers and account types.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
I don't think everyone understands that a 0.01 lot size on a mini account is different from a 0.01 lot size on a standard account, though I'm sure most understand it fully.

And how many folks completely understand the exact nuances of managing multiple pairs in the context of point, tick size, tick value, symbol name mangling, etc?

Then you throw in the slightly complex settings of the EAs, and it's hard to keep things uniform for all users.

Another obstacle -- human impatience.  Traders see an EA get good results fast, because sometimes that can happen, then expect that kind of result on any given day, regardless of what kind of market action we're having.

However, I still strive to get it all correct and robust so anyone can throw these EAs on just about any broker's MT4 demo and get good results.

I hope people will understand if I don't respond to every query about why I made a certain code change, or why isn't this EA giving me great results today.

Good trades to you all.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Well, you and the-game have me totally confused at the moment with all that techy talk. When Add_01 eventually decides to close I want to start Phtm_Add_01_the-game and run them side by side for a good comparison. Should I use the-game's original version or your modified version?

--- 帖子 #734 ---
I think you mean MaxMargin is 0.4. If this is your GoMarkets account, they only offer standard accounts as far as I know. In any event the EA reads the account type right off your MT4 platform - if it says it's a standard, that's what it is. Same with leverage.

Your account is less than half the size of mine and using the same settings. Therefore your lot sizes for the basket trades are less than half what mine are. The add-ons are 1/10 the size of the basket trades or the lowest lot size available on your platform (.01). Those differences in lot sizes account for the fact that your account was down about 10% when mine has been down about 6%(+).

I hope this helps a little with understanding why things are as they are.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
No I think he does mean MaxMarginToUse.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
The live one that I am using is Alpari UK and it's micro because I called and asked. The chart says Standard.

My demos are GM. I think the 50:1 leverage  might have had something to do with that hassle this morning. If Alpari UK says it's micro and the chart says it's standard,.....what to do?

I did mean Max Margin To Use .4. Thank you MC.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
gomarket also offers nano accounts, they call the l-plate.  but i am sure he would have stated if this was the case

max deposit to l-plate is 1k, so doubt that it is.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
MaxMargin is my short name for MaxMarginToUse, which she knows. I should have made the 0.4 bold - she had said max margin was .04.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Frazer,

You're right. I stand corrected.       MMTU = .4 = .04 lots.

I still don't know what to think about the acct size. The chart says Standard when it is Micro. Maybe it doesn't matter?

--- 帖子 #740 ---
I think the broker is playing word games with you, so it really doesn't matter. They are telling you it's micro because you can trade 1/100 lot size as opposed to some brokers who only have 1/10 lot size. If you tell them that you are using a EA that reads the account type from the platform, I think they will own up to it.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
well it is indeed a confusing topic, because in the typical description we are all used to:

standard account used to mean you could only trade 1.0 lot size minimum, meaning $10/pip on EU

mini account used to mean you could trade .10 lot size minimum, meaning $1/pip on eu

micro account used to mean you could trade .01 lot size minimum, meaning 10cents/pip on EU

How you and MC are defining them I am not sure, but that was always my understanding.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Yes, I believe what you have stated is exactly what sanyhuis's broker is referring to, but now they are not separate accounts. The standard account with 2 decimal place lot size has the capability for all 3. Some brokers also offer a separate mini account, in which .01 lot is 1 cent.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Yeah, don't think i've come across too many anymore that dont offer standard, mini and micro all in the same account.  Which is why I typically ignore the basket ea telling me its a standard account.

I just make sure the lot size it opens is what I want, and tweak the maxmargin setting until I get what I need

--- 帖子 #744 ---
The big thing to look at is how much does PL change in dollar terms for each tick for a trade of x lots that you have open. Then you can look at the math behind lot sizes, tick values, tick sizes, points, margin, leverage...

There are indeed several confusing terms used by traders and brökers and EA programmers, and they don't always mean the same thing. You have to come up with your own understand to get to the bottom of it.

Here is one example of confusion: TICK VALUE. Does tick value mean the dollar-cent value on one tick, or one pip -- but hey wait a minute aren't ticks and pips the same? -- or one fractional pip, or on the last three pips that were covered by the previous market tick, or on the last three ticks that were covered by the previous market fractional pip, or...

Or how about this: when you say "nanolot" or "microlot", do you mean it in the context of a micro account, or a mini account, or a standard account, and how exactly do you define a micro, mini or standard account?

See how this can get confusing?

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Thank you all. Whatever name it carries, it is $1/pip to me.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Please come in this forum other sites which deal with brokers and account-

pity about the time in which we ask the programmer to stay in the other forum said to be1

better  it would be more reviews about the different versions of what we have  ea post here, so you can still filter better what works and what does  not -

I've posted 4 different ea if you look closer you need not ask which version is to recognize what is positive and which are not.

This article more specifically to the rat -or did i misunderstood?

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #747 ---
As of 2200 GMT this EA has 149 trades open and PL is back to -200(+). I think maybe what is needed in this EA is a bailout after x number of add-on trades. This would not be a stop loss really, because I think it will eventually close for profit. But it would be more of a inefficiency stop. After so many add-ons, even if it does eventually get back into profit, it would be more efficient to take a loss (hopefully a small one) and start over.

Looking back at my spreadsheet it looks like the most add-ons it took to close was 45 prior to this long draw down. So maybe 50 would be a good point at which to give it up and start over. Or make it a external variable and let each trader decide what is reasonable for him.

I know we tried this before with the trim and reverse trades MC, and it didn't work out very well, which is how we got to the Exceedence Trigger. However, it might work a little better with the small add-ons.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Vienna,

I think if you reread the last few posts, you'll see that they do pertain to the thread because they deal with the settings for the EA's.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
I notice a big difference between brokers in the success of this EA. Better spreads and faster data feed makes a major difference.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
[Quote = sanyhuis; 4052628] Wien,

Ich denke, wenn Sie Beiträge lesen Sie die letzten, wirst du sehen, dass sie tun ] beziehen sich auf den Faden, weil sie sich mit den Einstellungen für die EA. [/ quote

I can read, thank you.

but you can program an EA type of account for only one.

He is the essential must work everywhere and the last setup has to do it yourself.

broker, account size, leverage, money management ...

whoever does not learn has no chance in the market either manually operated or with ea

a money-printing machine, there will be never-sorry-

forex is the formula 1 of the trading - just because you can drive a car you're far from being a Formula 1 racer sorry.

Therefore, one should focus on the essential-

That is the question:

how to prevent the losses, so that you increase the win?

if losses are much ok ?

When should you trigger ?

indicators are possible to use this as a basis for triggering

should be given to the basket buy and sell an indicator such as stochastics or RSI or ATR

These are questions which can help the programmer -

sorry I jann unfortunately not the program language -

if we organize ourselves we were all safely on target faster.

an  example - a ea is changed then this group should have a test the next  again a different group so much more for free man at once as if everyone  has the same tests, unfortunately, there are test groups in any forum-

unless we organize ourselves for the development, we remain very slowly -

why was Holland's second wm why football team organize

i hoe you understand me

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Closed 198 trades, took 4(+) minutes, $84 (1.7%) profit, basket trades -76, add-ons +160.

I had the EA set to stop after no trades, so now I will simultaneously start this one and Phantom14_Add_01a_the-game. It should be interesting to see how they compare.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Well, it will not be as good a comparison as I had intended. I had forgotten that the account I put the phantom on is 100:1 leverage. Now I have started another iteration of Phantom14_Add_01a_the-game on a 500:1 account, but about 10 minutes after the Basket14_Add_01.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Frazer,

I entered Stop AfterNoTrades and later the add on trades closed but the original 14 from 9/17 stayed. However, the chart says there is only one trade open. ??

Basket14_Add_01

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Frazerd and Meta,

I was just wondering what if we have add trades of 0.02 or 0.03 instead of 0.01 to get equity pop faster and make the use of the trend before it starts reversing or pulling back. I would even recommend 0.05 add trades.

What do u think?

--- 帖子 #755 ---
The leg which started last week has now trimmed 17 times.  This is with an ET of 2.  Max floating dd just over 10%, however I am now approx 25% away from equity target.

Paul

--- 帖子 #756 ---
I have no clue what's going on there Sandra. I have used StopAfterNoTrades numerous times and never had any problem at all. Can you upload a screenshot of the platform and a statement. Maybe we can figure it out from that.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
MaxMarginToUse, which controls lot size, is a user input - try it.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Would changing this affect the initial 7 buy and sells once equity is hit. If so, I just want to change the add trades to 0.03 or 0.05

--- 帖子 #759 ---
That can happen occasionally with ET2. If you are not comfortable with it you need to use ET 3.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Going to see what happens as the week before it got to similar levels although not with as many trims and still made an equity pop.  I have felt comfortable enough up to now although starting to feel a wee bit edgy.

Paul

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Yes, it would change both. If you just want to change the size of add trades, you can find the section of code that tells it to trade 1/10 of the basket size. I think it is just one line of code that says:

AddLots = UseLots / 10

Change the 10 to whatever you think would work better.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Consider the following groups of pairs:

EURCHF, EURJPY, CHFJPY

GBPCHF, GBPUSD, USDCHF

If you are good at spotting synthetic hedges, you'll see the relationships.

Now for an EA that only opens trades on these 6 pairs. The other 8 pairs are just baggage, really. But who knows what will evolve out of this; it might be handy to keep all 14 around.

|

v

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Hope this is right!

The report continues to comes up as Invalid.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Frazerd:

Yes, it would change both. If you just want to change the size of add trades, you can find the section of code that tells it to trade 1/10 of the basket size. I think it is just one line of code that says:

AddLots = UseLots / 10

Change the 10 to whatever you think would work better.

Ripper:

No change / affect when changed to AddLots = UseLots / 50

Am I doing anything wrong here. Its a micro account of 500:1 leverage with initial demo equity of $2000

--- 帖子 #765 ---
You were right on this, but may have over corrected. I have Basket14_Add_01, Phantom14_Add_01a_the-game (original version) and Phantom14_Add_01a_the-game (mod) all opened about the same time (within 10-15 min).

Bskt_Add_01 has opened 13 trades, 2 at 1600, 1 at 1700, 3 at 1800, 3 at 1900, and 4 at 2000. The original Phtm version, without your fix, has not opened a trade. The fixed version has opened 17, 6 at 1700, 6 at 1800, 4 at 1900 and 1 at 2000. It might have had more, but it was not running yet at 1600 when Bskt opened it's first 2.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
That was my non-programmer guess as to what would fix it. I must be wrong. MC will have to address the issue.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Sounds like something is wrong with the account or the platform if you cannot get a statement. Is there anything in the Expert or Journal tabs that might give you a clue to what the problem is?

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Here's the thing.  In Basket-Add EAs, we were comparing the dollar target against trade PL that was based on bigger lot sizes, whereas the pure Phantom EAs were using a smaller (virtual) lot size, hence the targets weren't getting hit.

Code changes and/or setting adjustments would would be needed to mirror the same profit-level-match logic and math as Basket-Add.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Roger, I understand, just thought you could use these comparisons.

So, to make it mirror the basket version, the phantoms would have to be opened just like a real trade with lots based on MaxMarginToUse, etc. And then re-opened after every close-all with new data.

BTW, Phtm14_Add_01a_the-game is up $66 right now and Bskt14_Add_01 is up ... Ooops, forget that.. Phtm just closed and Bskt is up just $14. So maybe it will be OK after all.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
I don't see anything but the equity far surpassed the  equity target and I closed the trades manually. I have to say I'm very happy with the results of the test. The acct was up $670 in 11 trading days on $3000 demo acct.

Thanks for all your help Frazer. I would do this one again.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
It was indeed odd that the EA wasn't closing your trades. I couldn't see the root cause from the info you posted.  I have to think it was some kind of odd client app issue.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Thank you, MC. I appreciate it all.

s

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Ok Boys & Girls - Time for my update

Using Confirm14_03

Start Date 9/7/10

Account size 50K

Equity profit target is 57,115.00

Current account balance is 30,794.00

Looks like I am in a significant drawdown at this point, the EA is trimming trades and performing properly, so we shall see what happens

Juiceman

--- 帖子 #774 ---
low DD, I like that...

--- 帖子 #775 ---
MC,

I was looking in the code where it would only open these six pairs, but I haven't been able to find where it limits opening positions to only these pairs.

Could you point me to where to look?

Thanks.

Bruce

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Thank you MetaCoder, frazerd and all contributers of this great thread!

I just finished reading all posts, FAQ and source code (partially).

Allow me two system (Basket14) relevant questions:

1) After reviewing the source code, I wonder why after profit taking (Equity Pop) all basket pairs are reopened in their default trade direction. It would be obvious for me to trade each reopened pair in the direction of its last profit (if BUY/SELL was in profit then buy/sell else sell/buy). So we have better chances to follow the immediate trend and probably avoid unnecessary cut-reverse.

2) Margin and traders nerves don't like too much drawdown. On non US brokers hedging of single basket pairs in loss could solve the problem. E.g. we open a (1:1) hedge trade for every pair more than say 100 pips in loss. If the pair gets cut then our hedge trade becomes the new basket trade and if the pair comes back (no cut), we can close it's hedge at break even. What we reach is less drawdown and less pressure on margin and nerves.

ps: I will start demo testing as soon I have setup a private server.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Well, it does only trade the 6 pairs and it works beautifully. I started it at 23:50 GMT yesterday and it has closed 2 times already for 2.36% profit. The most trades it has taken to close is 18, Largest Floating Loss -$32.51,Max Floating Drawdown -1.74%. And I'm running it on a very small account - started with only $1849.

Thanks for this one, MC. It is really looking good initially.

--- 帖子 #778 ---
http://autoforex.biz/bobthoughts/Phantom14_Add_01a.htm

--- 帖子 #779 ---
That looks good, MC. I am still running Bskt_Add_01 without the "a". It opens an awful lot of trades and takes a long time to close them. In a fast moving market that can either cause your profit on the equity pop to be much higher than 1% or much lower. My last two closings show the two extremes very clearly. So, when it has accumulated a large number of trades and takes several minutes to close them, you could very well see it closing for a loss.

I am going to switch my 01 to 01a. That will at least cut out a few of the trades.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Closed again with only 9 trades, 8 winners and 1 loser for another 1%.

I'm liking this one!

--- 帖子 #781 ---
hello MetaCoder

I've also started the test with Phantom_AddSix_01

for me it was no closing of the trades that are open to all since the start

trader frazerd have winner and loser!

Please have a look at the report

????

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Vienna,

looks like u install AddSix over other MC's EA.  solution: closed all chart then closed mt4, goto activtrades mt4 folder / profiles / and delete gvariables.dat,

and then restart mt4, and reattached AddSix EA to any chart(im using EC, H1)

hope that will solved your issue.

***you might as well setup a new account, thus a more accurate forward testing***

MC; your input if u see fits.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
My first AddSix trades haven't closed yet but I started it late yesterday afternoon so I have more "noise" trades in the stew.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Hi all,

I've been reading this thread for quite some time, and have decided to take the plunge with basket14.

I unfortunatley have a small account, $200, and stuck with 100:1 with IBFX. Is it still possible to work the system with .01 lot sizes or should I attempt to move the funds to an account with higher leverage 200:1 +?

If I can actually work the system with what I have currently, should I be using Basket14_2? I believe Meta suggested this on pg 13 or close to that.

Please let me know if this is still the best one to use for such a small account, or any other suggestions you might have. I'll continue reading through the thread and if I have any updates I'll be sure to share.

Thanks all

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Run demo accounts for as long as it takes for you to UNDERSTAND and BE COMFORTABLE with what's going on.

It's important that YOU make the decision which EA is best for you.

I don't think $200 is a safe amount.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
i have new demoaccount full fresh.

i hope ......

vienna

--- 帖子 #787 ---
fkforex,

If I were you, I would forward demoing it for at least two months.

Vienna,

max float drawdown = 0>>>that's what u want when u freshly start demoing with MC EA's

--- 帖子 #788 ---
$200 on a nano account would be ok (after understanding the ea's of course).

have ibfx switch you to nano

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Meta and Frazerd could you please comment on some lovely ideas Telestes has just offered. To me it makes complete sense.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
You will have to wait for MC to address that. He is the programmer and what makes sense to you and me sometimes may not make sense to him. As he has stated many times, there are lots of ideas presented here and he cannot possibly code them all, but he does work with any that make good sense to him.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Sir, there are reasons why the EAs here will not take the directions you mention.

Your first suggestion assumes that there might be further momentum in one direction, and I'm saying there is no assurance of that and that it's just as reasonable to assume there will be movement in the opposite direction.

I will not code any same-pair hedges within these systems.  I should point out to you that even if I did, the same-pair-hedged trades will NOT close at breakeven since you specified waiting until we are at 100 pip losses before opening the hedges.  So at best we will have 100 pips losses per same-pair-hedged pair, will we not?  I say this as someone who has extensive experience designing and implementing same-pair hedge strategies.

I don't reject your suggestions lightly and I don't want to blast your first post on the forum.  I know you made your comments in good faith but I ask you to entertain the possibility that I thought of those things a good long while ago, and have good reasons why I don't pursue them.

I'll close by saying I provide full source code to every EA so that if you believe strongly in an idea, you have every opportunity to implement the idea yourself.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hi MC

can you please tell  me what is the difference between phantom14-add01a and 02 and the game one please.i'll appriciated.

regards

fred

--- 帖子 #793 ---
very good system! thanks

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Love the Phantom used it for the first time last night on a 5000 demo account

Made 60$ only problem is that I cannt get it to take profit when it reaches 1% had to manually close

Tried also to take profit at 0.5 % still the same

--- 帖子 #795 ---
hello MetaCoder and frinds,

thank you for the help with me!!

Here is the report from the new demo account start-

currently a very positive development!

see for yourself-

but I have an account with:

Balance : 8900 Equity: 2000 Free Margin: 1900 (DD:7000)

Therefore, the calculation is the lot of the balance very dangerous.

can be de ea set so that the calculation of the lot of the FREE MARGIN

used.

entire calculation on :FREE MARGIN

currently it uses BALANCE this is to big lot and MarginCall is fix for the account.

please help me.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #796 ---
You need to tell us what EA you are using and provide a statement and screenshot of the screen comments. Are you sure you are calculating the 1% correctly? It is not PL. It is 1% of Last Flat Equity. If you were running another EA with same magic number previously on the account, the global variables may not be correct and could cause the problem.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Here is a surprise. This is the one that trims and reverses losers as well as adding to winners. I started it on 9/16 and it accumulated a large number of add-on trades without a close-all. So I had pretty much forgotten about it and was not watching it closely. On 9/28 it closed 582 trades, having previously trimmed and reversed 10 times. It took about 13 minutes to close them all and by the time it finished it had almost 2% profit rather than 1%.

On 9/28 through this morning it closed 4 more times for an additional 4.42% profit.

I had the Exceedence Trigger set to 2, thus the large number of trims and unacceptable -2302 Largest Floating Loss, -32% Max Floating Drawdown and 226.5% Lowest Margin on a 500:1 account. Had I left the ET at 3, it would have trimmed much less, may have closed sooner and those unacceptable stats would probably not have occurred. I have changed ET back to 3 today.

Another improvement to this one would be the Add_01a strategy of not adding trades on a pair that does not have all winning add-ons.

This once again shows the resilience and ability of these EAs to come back into profit after a seemingly unrecoverable drawdown.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
I'm going to stop pursuing so many permutations of these strategies.  I believe we have explored trim'n'reverse type tactical frameworks enough.  I'm not that fond of them.

I have identified a straightforward version of Phantom14 that I will share if it proves itself to me.  It's criteria for adding trades is simple and makes sense to me.

I always test on IBFX 50:1 mini demos, so EAs I post usually contain settings with that setup in mind.  Some of you already know how to change the settings to work well with different setups (500:1, etc).

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Since there *are* so many permutations, I'd just like to plug Basket14_Add_02 as seeming quite stable and less stressful than some of the others.

Beginners might consider demoing that one to get a feel for how these basket EAs work.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Basket14_Add_02 is simple and should do well.  It's not as efficient as a good Phantom.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
My modification of phantom_add_02 is going extremely well.

Here's the link to the stats.

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/tazm...QdOl33qbInCOoT

--- 帖子 #802 ---
zero open order? how could that be...

keep that running, would like to see result after 6-8 weeks.

tazmaan, do u mind posting your modified phantom... thanks

--- 帖子 #803 ---
It's hard to argue with success. This one closed again a couple hours ago and is up 15.17% in 20 days (14 trading days). It was originally running as Add_01 and I changed it to 01a yesterday.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Hi Tazmaan,

What modifications are you talking about in your post #81?

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Sorry, it is post 801

--- 帖子 #806 ---
My modifications are as follows:

add trades happen when a pair is >20 pips - original strategy

add trades happen when a pair is >-20 pips, and the opposite trade is taken - mod

the ea also checks every half hour, instead of every hour.

There were no open trades at the time because it had just closed out for it's 1% profit target and was waiting for the next conditions to be inline at the top of the hour or the bottom of the hour.

There is one issue with it, and i might contact MC about it.  Sometimes it opens multiple trades on the hour of the same pair.  I believe this to be caused by the pip count jumping up and down, and in that 60 seconds where it is checking conditions, it sees it a few different times and acts accordingly.  I've left it as is, because it seems to be working regardless, but I do think it should only open 1 trade per pair per check.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Shouldn't it be:

when a pair is < -20 pips, and the opposite trade is taken (instead of >) ?

--- 帖子 #808 ---
yes, depends on how you want to think about it.

'more than 20 pips negative' is how I am running it

so if a phantom is -10 pips, will not open a reverse trade.

if phantom is -25 pips, will open a reverse trade.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Hey Taz, since most of us are not programmers and probably could not figure out how to modify the code, could you upload the modified EA to the forum?

Did you modify the latest versions? MC had the same bug when he first posted those EAs - he fixed it and re-posted them a day later.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
hi mc

i have asked you earlier about phantoms EA.what is the difference between 01 and 02 and the game version?

i have tried the phantoms14 add 01a.it has not trade so far anything at all after 2 days.i even cleaned up global variable few times,still no trade at all.

regards

fred

--- 帖子 #811 ---
This is what I'm guessing the modification is to the AddIdNeeded() procedure:

//if ( TimeMinute( TimeCurrent() ) != 0 )

if ( TimeMinute( TimeCurrent() ) != 0 && TimeMinute( TimeCurrent() ) != 30 )

//if ( BidsHaveChanged && TimeMinute( TimeCurrent() ) == 0 && !CloseAll ) {

if ( BidsHaveChanged && ( TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 0 || TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 30 ) ) && !CloseAll ) {

// ADDED THIS IN THE FOR LOOP...

if ( OppositeTrade == 1 && PL_Array[i] <= -1 * PipTarget4Add && AllSymbolTradesInProfit( SymbolArray[i] ) && !SymbolMarked( SymbolArray[i] ) ) {

if ( i < 7 ) {

Comment( "Adding a " + SymbolArray[i] + " sell trade..." );

Print( "Adding a " + SymbolArray[i] + " short." );

OrderSend( SymbolArray[i], OP_SELL, UseLots, MarketInfo( SymbolArray[i], MODE_BID ), Slippage, 0, 0, "Adding to a short winner", MagicNumber, Red );

MarkSymbolAdded( SymbolArray[i] );

Sleep(1000);

} else {

Comment( "Adding a " + SymbolArray[i] + " buy trade..." );

Print( "Adding a " + SymbolArray[i] + " long." );

OrderSend( SymbolArray[i], OP_BUY, UseLots, MarketInfo( SymbolArray[i], MODE_ASK ), Slippage, 0, 0, "Adding to a long winner", MagicNumber, Blue );

MarkSymbolAdded( SymbolArray[i] );

Sleep(1000);

}

Taz, Is this close to your modifications ?  Thanks

- EDIT:  Sorry, it took the spaces out when I pasted the code here - hard to read

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Here is my modified version.

I am not a coder and i am sure it could have been done much nicer, but it seems to work (other than the small issue of multiple trades opening  once in awhile, but I am not sure it'd due to my modifications or if it exists in the original version as well).

Was impressed with myself to even be able to figure out how to modify it to do what I wanted

--- 帖子 #813 ---
tazmaan, your mod does same pair hedging, correct?

--- 帖子 #814 ---
I can't possibly respond to every request to explain differences between versions.

Please arm yourself with a diff utility and compare the text of the EAs to see the differences.

Also, the thread should contain descriptions of the differences.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
No, I have been watching it to see if that ever occurs and it has not as of yet.

I've never seen both long and short on the same pair.  I thought that might be an issue i'd need to address and decide upon, but it hasnt happened yet lol :/

--- 帖子 #816 ---
In your added code, do you understand that these two conditions won't be true at the same time very often? You're saying "check that a particular phantom trade is losing, but all actual open trades on the same pair are in profit".

Inserted Code
PL_Array[i] <= PipTarget4Reverse            &&
AllSymbolTradesInProfit(SymbolArray[i]

So the same pair hedging wouldn't be likely to occur, which explains why you haven't seen it. Since a phantom pair has to be positive for an actual trade to be opened on the same pair, we may NEVER see it.

The big difference between your version and the orginal is that you add trades twice as often.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
No, I can't say that I do understand.

And from our previous discussions, I am not sure how you can say that that is the only difference between the original and mine, as the original did not take reverse trades of -20 pip count.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
I'm trying to explain that your code is not taking reverse trades of -20 pip count. The code calls for shorts in the buy group and longs in the sell group.

Since you're not seeing that, and since it's logically unlikely to happen, it confirms that the code you put in place to do it is falling through the 'if' checks.

Remove the AllSymbolTradesInProfit(SymbolArray[i]... check where you are trying to reverse the trades if you want to see happening what you think should be happening.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
If you do get it working as intended, let us know what happens.

Also, I originally took your 'reverse' to mean you'd be CUTTING and reversing.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
No, at the moment I am not cutting and reversing, as I am trying to avoid that (and it has successfully avoided it so far, time will tell whether it continues to be successful).

Here is how it is working based on my observations (i watch it as much as possible):

phantom trades get opened.

pairs that are +20 pip or greater in profit, get a real trade added on at the top of the hour, or the bottom of the hour.

pairs that are -20 pip or greater in loss, get a real trade opened that is the reverse direction of the phantom trade.

I have watched this happen for a week now, and believe it to be working correctly.  I am not a coder at all, and just managed to hack yours to take these opposite trades.  So be gentle with me if I don't understand what's incorrect, because 99.9% of coding I don't understand

The only bug that I am noticing is the one I mentioned earlier, which is sometimes at the top of the hour or bottom of the hour, multiple trades will open because (i assume) the ea isn't marking them as already opened in that 60 second window while it's checking for conditions to open new trades.

Otherwise, for now this is working as I have intended (i believe)

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Fredgold, I have trouble remembering what the difference is in these also, so I will try to explain it to you and refresh my own knowledge at the same time.

Phantom_Add_01 was the original. It uses phantom trades on the 14 pair basket and those are expressed in pips. Every hour it opens a real trade of any phantom that is +20 pips or more. No real basket trades are ever opened.

Phantom_Add_02 is the same as 01 except that it will not open a trade on a pair that has previous trades that are negative. The intent is to not keep making trades on a pair that has reversed, but is still above the +20 pips.

Phantom_Add_01a is the same as 01, but the phantoms are expressed in dollars and real trades are opened on any pair that exceeds 1/10 of Dollar Profit Target.

Phantom _Add_01a_the-game is a combination of 01a and 02. The phantoms are expressed in dollars, every hour a real trade is opened on any pair that exceeds 1/10 of Dollar Profit Target, but only if all previous trades on that pair are winners.

Also, in all the Phantom EAs where there are no trim and reverses, the floating PL does show the actual drawdown of the account - equity will always be the balance + PL. That should make some of you happy.

I hope this helps - it helped me anyway.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Hi MC,

I can confirm that his coding is correct.

All he is doing for that section of code is to see if a phantom pair is < -20pips and see if any existing real open orders for that pair are in profit.

It can happen.

It's basically the mirror image of the original Phantom strategy.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Thanks, so i'm not going crazy afterall

In the meantime, another basket closed for another 1%.

I had to pause it for one cycle (if anyone is watching it that closely) as I wanted to get gomarkets to make my demo permanent so I could leave this sucker running for the long term.

Otherwise, untouched and I just let it do what it does.

thegame, if you are interested, I wouldnt mind some help ensuring that more than one trade per pair per check doesnt happen.  Not massively important as the results are still good, but will just be one of those annoying things to me.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
No worries, so are you saying on each hour or half hour a pair is getting added more than once?

--- 帖子 #825 ---
yeah, what i "think" is happening is

the top of the hour hits, it scans thru and finds the >20 pips and <-20 pips, opens trades accordingly.  But still has 60 seconds left, and continuously scans during that 60 seconds.  Have feeling if a pair pops from 20 to 19 to 20 during that 60 seconds, it sees that and opens it again.

Could probably solve the problem if in the code we said to look at only minute 0 second 0, but I am not sure if thats possible.  Probably better to let it scan for 60 seconds to catch them all, but once it opens one mark it as opened so it can't open it again in that 60 seconds.  That would be the ideal fix anyhow imo.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
A great thanks for your explanation of the phantoms.it is clear my mind to see what is going on with phantoms EA.

Do you have any idea why after 2 days does not open even one trade for GOD sake?

best regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #827 ---
I don't think it is doing that as MC's original code:

1. Marks the symbol as being added for the 00 or 30 minute

Inserted Code MarkSymbolAdded(SymbolArray[i]);

2. Checks if it hasn't been added for that 00 or 30 minute, if it has then it won't add another order

Inserted Code !SymbolMarked(SymbolArray[i])

So in fact you are going crazy ;-)

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Nope... you have to give us a bit more detail Starting capital, leverage, MaxMarginToUse, ProfitPct... etc...

It's like playing Guess Who with some of you guys

"Is yours a red-head?"

--- 帖子 #829 ---
starting capital =$101824.97,leverage=200:1 Maxmargintouse=0.2 profitpct=1.0

i use all defualt settings.

thanks

fred

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Taz,

Please correct me if I am wrong and I apologize if I am. You have in your code:

if (TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 0 || TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 30) ClearSymbolMarks();

Shouldn't this be

if (TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 0 && TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 30) ClearSymbolMarks();

If you have an OR condition, it will always be true regardless of the Minute.

If the minute = 0 - the 2nd part will be true (Minute != 30).

If the minute = 30, the 1st part will be true (Minute != 0).

If the minute is something other than 0 or 30, say 15. both parts will be true.

The statement will be True all of the time, for every minute.

If you change the OR to and AND condition, it won't be true on Minutes 0 and 30.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
press Expert advisors button to disable EAs

remove the EA

press F3 and delete everything you see

press Expert advisors button again to enable EAs

attach the EA with the settings you want

If you still have problems after that then sorry I cannot help you.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Good call... I saw that and fixed it for myself but thought nothing of it.

That actually answers taz's issue, because ClearSymbolMarks keeps getting called, so therefore the pairs keep getting added to.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Can you take a look at my mod and see if what I added would cause them to open more than once?  I know it's happening, I see it happen all the time, so must be something wrong in there somewhere (won't be suprised, as I said, was a total hack)

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Ok, yeah MC had it as !=0 in the original, so I just did what I could figure out to make it check on 30 min mark also lol.

So it is indeed working that it checks for new trades every hour and half hour, and opens them, but it's the marking them as opened that this wrong code is causing a problem?

That's one of those areas that threw me off, as I thought that had to do with when it checks to open new trades, not just when it clears the marked trades.  Before I make the change I just wanted to make sure that it would not affect that the ea checks and opens trades every 30 minutes

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Works for me... dim is right.  Change the || to && only in that line where it says ClearSymbolMarks()

--- 帖子 #836 ---
If you do this though, you might find the EA won't be as successful.

My reasoning is the more you add while the momentum is strong in a certain direction for a pair, the faster you will reach the ProfitPct target (DollarProfitTarget).

With this fix it will just add once, you will see the order go into profit straight away most of the time, but then reverse just before the ProfitPct target.

If you do see this happening after the fix, just reduce the ProfitPct from 1.0 to 0.5 to get faster equity pops.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Yeah, I did it and am just waiting for some trades to open on another demo to be sure it fixes the problem.  Thanks guys for helping me out with this

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Yeah, I had mentioned earlier that the results obviously don't mind multiple opens, and I am not sure I want to change anything.  But the tradeoff if it isn't fixed is that the times when we are ranging and going nowhere, just all that many more trades being opened and using up margin.  Only time will tell which action is better I guess

--- 帖子 #839 ---
For everyone else, see attached for the fix

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Which Phantom EA are you using? Did you download it after MC made the correction at http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...42#post4047142 Before that change it would not open trades at all.

Can you provide a screenshot of the screen comments?

--- 帖子 #841 ---
yes i downloaded it after the correction.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
dim13, thanks for the help on fixing the issue.  all is working exactly as desired now.  I won't keep wasting thread space on my idea/mod, the stats link is posted so anyone can check out how it's doing any time they like.

appreciate the help guys, we'll see how it pans out over more time.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
fredgold,

does alpari taking trades?  look in your journal tab, see if anything unusual.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
it is FXCM.no they dont take any trade.

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #845 ---
fredgold,

skip that version, and try http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=840

make sure u delete gvariables.dat; clear out all the variables previous version left behind.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=782

--- 帖子 #846 ---
i did use this one.when we supposed to get a trade after start?

fred

--- 帖子 #847 ---
I see why now, looks like you're Dollar Profit Target in that image is $1018

None of the Phantoms are even close to that, be patient.

NOTE: The Phantoms will reset if you change timeframes or if you look at the EA settings (with or without changing them) then press OK, but they won't reset if you press Cancel instead.

This may be your issue as you don't seem to be doing anything else wrong.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
You also should be using MaxMarginToUse=1.0 (as per MC first post recommendations for 200:1 leverage)

You're using 0.2 which would take 5 times longer to reach your 1% Profit Target ($1018.25 away)

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Beware - MaxMarginToUse is totally different in the phantom EAs. The 1.0 for 200:1 leverage was for opening the basket trades, not add-ons. EDIT: Add-ons in the Bskt_Add EAs were 1/10 the size of the basket trades. When MC wrote the Phantom EAs he increased the size of the added trades, but still kept them small enough to not endanger your account. I would not use 1.0 - at that lot size your account will be very vulnerable if you get several trades open and they are not winners.

fredgold, the problem is the small phantom values compared to your 1018 dollar target, as the-game said. In the corrected version of the phantoms MC has the dollar target being divided by 10, which is good for smaller accounts. But it is not enough for your 100,000(+) account. Try changing it to 1/100,but don't ask me how to do it. MC or the-game or any other programmer will know how.

That's my best guess at what is causing the problem. Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
You're welcome.  Glad it's working according to plan.  I'm going to try it out starting next week.

I'm a little confused now on the MaxMarginToUse parameter for the Phantom EAs, for 50:1 on a MINI account (1 pip for 1.00 Lot = $1).  I currently have it set at 0.3 (Lots 0.01, ProfitPct = 0.75) - no equity pops this week.  What would you guys recommend for 50:1 MINI ?  Thanks

--- 帖子 #851 ---
The profitable phantom trades aren't reaching the DollarProfitLevels needed to trigger trades.

It's problematic getting it automatically proportional for every account type and every leverage level.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
50:1 on a IBFX mini account is what MC trades. The MaxMarginToUse on the phantoms should not change with leverage. Just leave it alone. Use the setting MC made default unless you just want to experiment with increased risk.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
so can you please tell us how can we adjust the setting for different account size and leverage level?

regards

fred

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Let's first makes sure we're referring to the same section of code.

It's this I'm referring to:
Inserted Code
if (PL_Array[i] <= PipTarget4Reverse            &&
AllSymbolTradesInProfit(SymbolArray[i]) &&
!SymbolMarked(SymbolArray[i]))
{
if (i < 7)
{
Comment("Reversing a " + SymbolArray[i] + " buy trade...");
Print("Reversing a " + SymbolArray[i] + " long.");
OrderSend(SymbolArray[i],OP_SELL,UseLots,MarketInfo(SymbolArray[i], MODE_BID),
Slippage,0,0,"Reversing a long loser",MagicNumber,Blue);
MarkSymbolAdded(SymbolArray[i]);
Sleep(1000);
}
else
// if (i >= 7)
{
Comment("Reversing a " + SymbolArray[i] + " sell trade...");
Print("Reversing a " + SymbolArray[i] + " short.");
OrderSend(SymbolArray[i],OP_BUY,UseLots,MarketInfo(SymbolArray[i], MODE_ASK),
Slippage,0,0,"Reversing a short loser",MagicNumber,Red);
MarkSymbolAdded(SymbolArray[i]);
Sleep(1000);
}
}
It had slipped my mind that AllSymbolTradesInProfit(SymbolArray[i]) will return true if no trades are open on the pair yet.

Now that I'm past that, I think the tactic bypasses the relative safety of staying inside the hedge framework.  If you are happily trading along and the wind is at your back, you will see fast profit.

If there is a reversal when you have a lot of trades open, the drawdown might not be overcome because you could have many pairs committed to one direction.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
He could find this section in the source code:
Inserted Code
void AddIfNeeded()
{
if (TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 0) ClearSymbolMarks();
if (BidsHaveChanged &&
TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 0 &&
!CloseAll)
{
for (i = GBPUSDidx; i <= EURCHFidx; i++)
{
if (PL_Array[i]*10.0 > DollarProfitTarget &&
And change the 10.0 to some larger value to get the comparison to evaluate true and trigger trades.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Yeah, as is what's happening currently, will have to see what ends up happening with it next week.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Hi MC

you mean change the value 10.0 to 20.0 for $100k account?

or may be change to 15.0 even 30.0?

please make it clear for us.

thanks

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Fred, you need to look at your Dollar Profit Target, then use a multiple that will put your highest phantoms at or near or maybe above the target. It is your call. MC has provided the basics, now it's up to us to make it work for our trading preferences. Most of us don't trade with as high a balance as you, so we don't have the problem. Since your profit target is 1000(+), if you wanted a phantom with +$10 value to be close to the trigger, you would need to use 100 as the multiple, making it $1000. If you want +$5 to reach the target use 200. The multiple multiplies all your phantoms by that amount and then checks to see if any have reached the target.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
MC, I don't find this piece of coding in AddSix. How is this problem handled in that EA? I have it on a small demo with less than $2000 balance and I'm thinking of making the multiple smaller so it  will not open as many trades. I had one long stretch of 103 added trades that got me into a 20% drawdown at one point, but finally closed. EDIT: This happened during a time when my VPS provider was having problems staying connected, so the large number of trades could have been a result of that rather than the trigger being too low.

EDIT: Here's another thought for the Phantom14 $ EAs. Could we have a external variable that designates the phantom profit level that the user wants trades to be opened (PhantomTrigger4Add), similar to the pip phantom EAs, then have the EA divide the Dollar Profit Target by PhantomTrigger4Add and use that for the multiplier.

Using fredgold's example - his Profit Target is 1018 and he decides he wants a phantom profit of $+2.00 to be the PhantomTrigger4Add, so the EA divides 1018 by 2 and gets a multiplier of 509. Is that doable?

It would make the EA work for anyone with any size account, and any variable settings (ProfitPct, MaxMarginToUse,etc.) and leverage. They only need to figure out what is the best PhantomTrigger.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
I can answer my own question. AddSix does not have the problem. It apparently opens any winner of the 6 pairs, regardless of amount. I watched it open a EURCHF that was up just $+0.36.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
basket 14-add02 is running almost 3 weeks with -30% profit .is anybody else has the same problem?

it seems that EA does not work well at all.

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Anyone still running the older versions, like basket14_02 and basket14_03?

My 02 running since 9/8 just finally closed out a long running basket, after a trim or two.  It's now sitting at 16% gain since 9/8, max odd of 11%.

It's a slow one, but seems pretty safe to me.

14_03 started the same time, is sitting at 8.7%, and even if it manages to get a pop this week, will probably only hit 10% gain, so is a good comparison of the two so far.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Tazmaan

I am running Basket14_02.  Current leg been running 8 days now but looks like it is slowing getting there.

Paul

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Yep, that last leg for me was about that long as well, basket was opened 9/24 and just closed today.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Me too, and it's been down to less than 50% of my starting capital.  After this close, assuming it closes, it will be basket's last trade for me.  The swaps start to add up on 14 currency pairs over several days/weeks as well.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
wonder why so high dd? mine has never gone more than 11% in dd

--- 帖子 #867 ---
ET2 & 100:1 leverage?

--- 帖子 #868 ---
I am using et3 with maxmargin 1.0 on 1k balance.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Anyone that is running a Basket14 EA with ET2 is probably in a big drawdown right now. I am running Basket14_01 on 2 demos, 1 is ET2 and the other ET3. The ET2 has 28 trim and reverse trades and is over $1000 away from closing. It has not closed since 22 Sep. ET3, on the other hand closed twice last week and has not trimmed since the last close on 28 Sep, so it is just $120 away from a close.

In a choppy market ET3 will always outshine ET2 and seldom have a very big drawdown. However, over the long term ET2 will be more profitable if it survives. So far it has survived very well, but this may be it's biggest test.

I've said it before and I'll say it again, if you do not like big drawdowns use ET3. Or better yet, I think we are all going to be better off using the Phantom add EAs. I believe we have moved beyond the Basket14 era.

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Hey tazmaan, I started a demo with your mod last night shortly after the market opened. I am being much more conservative than you with MaxMarginToUse set at 0.1 and ProfitPct 0.5. It has closed 3 times already for about 1.28% profit. I have it on a 500:1 GoMarkets account. EDIT: Biggest Floating loss $-163, -3.14%.

So far I like it a lot. Thanks

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Nice to see, hopefully we'll see some nice gains from your conservative settings over the next few weeks.  Mine has hit a rough spot, we'll see if it can carve its way out.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
I've been testing a concept for a while and will test it for a while longer before I post EAs that implement it.

The concept is to open trades during minute 0 when a pair is the biggest phantom winner (in dollars/cents, not pips).

This tends to limit the number of trades and I have verified that it can get us to profit. It also avoids having to mess with proportionality; we bypass the need for comparing a phantom trade's PL against DollarProfitTarget.

This concept can be applied to all 14 pairs or to a subset of the pairs, such as the ones found in AddSix.

I've verified that equity pop can be reached this way.

A further restriction you can add is to only add a trade when all other trades on that pair are in profit, as we have done elsewhere. I don't know how many of us are fond of that criterion.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I intend to refine the Phantom idea as much as possible.  I like it the best of anything.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
The first AddSix EA, and the only one posted here so far, adds trades on any phantom pair that is in profit during minute 0.  That criterion is very loose so it can lead to a lot of trades.  My demo finally closed a LOT of trades for profit on Friday.  Margin had gotten dangerously low.

I then started running an AddSix version that only opens a trade for a pair if it is the biggest phantom winner in minute 0.  This gave me a much quicker profit closure.

This is one of my observations that validates the tactic of trading biggest phantom winners.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Hi MC

I have a question regarding Phantom14 game. when phantom game did the profit,should i reset it for the next making profit or just leave it by itself,it will do it the next and so on.

thank you

fred

--- 帖子 #876 ---
I like this overall concept and I am very fond of the tactic of not opening new trades  on a pair unless all previous trades are in profit.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Hi Frazerd

can you please answer my question above.seems MC already gone.

regards

fred

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Could you post the modified AddSix as AddSix_02. I kind of like the AddSix idea and that mod would improve it greatly. I'd like to load it on top of my AddSix demo that is already running and is down about $120 now to see how quickly it can recover.

--- 帖子 #879 ---
If you want it to always trade exactly the same, you would have to reset after every close.

Did you finally get it to work for you?

--- 帖子 #880 ---
and for reset,we have to delete global variable,right? how about the setting"stop after no trade" true or false in the EA?does it not works?

thank you very much

fred

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Here you go.

|

v

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Thanks, MC

--- 帖子 #883 ---
No, you will not need to reset global variables, just change the multiplier.

Yes, StopAfterNoTrades does work. If it is true the EA will not trade again after the next close-all until you change it back to false. You would use that to stop the trading while you change the multiplier. Then when the multiplier is the way you want it change StopAfterNoTrades back to false and it will start trading again when your phantoms reach the target.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
You're welcome Frazer. Could we consider trading even fewer pairs? Maybe look at your reports with this in mind: are there pairs that often contribute more, and ones that often put a drag on reaching equity pop?

Big contributors that come to mind are EURCHF, GBPCHF, EURGBP.  It also seems that when one of these is the biggest winner, it stays the biggest winner for a while.  It's not always that way, but I've seen it.

Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #885 ---
I will start looking for those pairs and add that comparison to my future spreadsheets. Excellent idea. We are getting there.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Thanks MC

--- 帖子 #887 ---
thank you for answer.i'm appriciated very much.but i dont know how to change multiplier?

is it something in setting that has to be changed?

best regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #888 ---
For your consideration:

__

Notice the big number of trades when AddSix_01 was running, then the small number of trades in the second batch when I had 02 running.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_02.htm

__

With this one, it trades limited pairs. I had it coded to just trade 2 pairs at first, then added in a third. A couple of times, I've run a CloseAll EA when the mood struck me. Do take note that this demo account is a STANDARD account with 100:1 leverage. I specify 50:1 when I open the accounts but the bröker only allows 100:1 standard demo, apparently.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom14_Add_04.htm

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Looks really good, noticed that your DD was also much much lower on the second iteration as well.  Also noticed that your lot size was only a third and the profit potential appears to be flatter.  Very very nice indeed.  Great work.

May I ask other than the coding mentioned what the major changes are between Phantom and Phantom14?

--- 帖子 #890 ---
I would, except the Phantom EA's have only been around since I have been stuck in this current basket cycle.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
MetaCoder showed you in a previous post how to do it. You have to find in the code where he multiplies the phantom values x10 and change it. I thought you had already done that.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
That one i know it well. ,but i did not change that multiplier.inestead i opened a demo account with 10k and phantom14-add game worked very well.

but my question was when it made that for example $100 on $10k account,then it will do it again fopr second or third time and so on by itself if the stop after no trade is on false?

or i have to reset the EA by changing muliplier to start make the profit again?

i hope i explain my question clearly.regards

thank you

fred

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Yes, if it is false the EA will continue to reopen trades after closing. You won't have to reset anything until the 10 multiplier becomes too small and the EA is not opening trades because the phantom values are not close enough to Dollar Profit Target. Then you would have to change the multiplier.

I suggest you try the new Phantom_AddSix_02. You will never have to worry about a multiplier or what size account you are trading. It will work the same for all without you doing anything. Or try Phantom14_Add_02-taz. That one is working great for me with MaxMarginToUse = 0.1.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Thank you sir for your advice.i'm really appriciated.

regards

fred

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Howdy, girls. Thought I'd offer my 2 cents. Phantom_AddSix_01 has been running like a Swiss watch, cranking out 1% returns quickly and with little drama. Very impressive. It has my vote at this point, FWIW. It seems a shame to unplug it, but  _02 is calling!

--- 帖子 #896 ---
well it appears it did indeed carve its way out tonight, and closed all for another pop.  a little uncomfortable on the dd for this last group, but those running it at a lower maxmargin probably wont have this issue.

it hit 28% dd for me, but did come back nicely and with a vengeance

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Just the pairs traded.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Great...

I had to restart your version over the weekend, and as of now it outperform all other.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Nice addition to the core concept, taz.  That's why I post the source code, so people can easily incorporate their own trading ideas.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Glad its working out for now, sometimes u just get an idea that makes sense and have to pursue

The addsix_02 looks pretty nice also.  Was considering making that mod to that also, but we'll see

--- 帖子 #901 ---
This thing is a money machine so far. Up 5(+)% and not thru the 2nd day yet!!

MC, I highlighted the biggest winners.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Do it taz!

--- 帖子 #903 ---
My current stream of consciousness about the forex market...

When we view currency pairs as numerator/denominator entities where a single currency is either a numerator or a denominator (that's all they are, correct?), the two 7-pair sides of our 14-pair hedge are mathematically equivalent. So if we multiply the exchange rates of both sides at any point in time, we should get the same numerical result.

I've run EAs that do these multiplications and comparisons in real time, monitoring for distortions. Remarkably, the two sides of the hedge stay equivalent within a range that doesn't allow for profitable exploitation (we have to overcome spread, remember), save for very occasional distortions that are quickly corrected.

However, if you map the movement of the two sides of the hedge, they DO drift apart over time, then drift back together. There is no telling which side of the hedge will move more than the other, we can only observe it when it does happen. We observe it when we open trades where one side is bought and the other is sold, and our account sees a floating loss or a quick profit, neither of which should happen. But it happens because of the sides moving to different extents.

WAIT A MINUTE, you say to yourself. What is going on?

If at single-timepoint snapshots the two sides of the hedge stay roughly equivalent almost always, yet they move apart and back together over time, wouldn't that mean at least one currency pair among the 14 pairs might appear to be used as a "pressure relief valve" or something like that?

Let's step back for a moment and try looking at it from the banks' and the brökers' points of view. They know that smart traders out there are looking at these synthetic hedges and are trying to profit from momentary distorations that should not exist. They can't give away free money just for being smart enough to do a little multiplying and comparing!

Some mechanism has to be in place to keep the distortions under control. One thing that can be done is to play with spreads. If a distortion gets large enough that a sophisticated trader could profit from it, the spreads can be increased to defeat the trader's advantage.

Another thing that can be done to keep the distortions in check is to continually adjust exchange rates of selected pairs, a little at a time, to keep things in equilibrium despite the movement that's happening.

My belief at this time is that EURCHF, EURGBP and GBPCHF are among the pairs that are adjusted to keep the distortions in check as the individual pairs move due to trading action. This is why they pop up as biggest phantom winners as often as they do.

Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Open every half hour if trades are the biggest phantom winners or the biggest phantom losers (traditional direction reversed if losers). Require that all preexisting trades on the pair be in profit.

|

v

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Hi there,

I came across your postings and the code that you posted on the 14 currency pairs. I found your code to be very professional and your ideas are very close to the work that I am doing although from a different angle..We have difficulty in implementing and testing our project. what is the best way to get in touch with you...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Here is a fresh picture and it shows the both sides of the basket in pips. The time is from 0 min to 5 weeks. It shows the buy side has been stronger than the sell side but its not many pips different. They are nearly mathematically equivalent

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Sir, my energies are focused on this thread.  Thanks, Bob.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
My 02-taz demo has already closed again since I posted the spreadsheet.

I will have this one going tonight.

As I understand it, this is the same as 02-taz, but adds the requirement that all previous trades on the pair be winners. Is that correct? Or does it also limit which pairs are traded to 3 or 6?

--- 帖子 #909 ---
LOL, after I spend a good 30 minutes figuring out how to do this myself, save it and put it into place, I come back and see you've done it for me!!  Darn you!!

Thanks MC!

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Taz's code already had the requirement all previous trades on the pair be winners. The biggest phantom winner/loser criterion replaces the +/-20 pip criterion.

It trades all 14 pairs.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Don't know if it was exactly what you were thinking of doing.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
yeah it was, and it looks like i actually did do it right, you just added additional code to show the biggest phantom loser/winner to the onscreen display, which is a nice touch

On another note:

What do you (and anyone else that understands the mod) think of this possibility?

If a series of trades is open based on my mod, and a >20pip phantom manages to move all the way to the other side and go -20pips, doing a trim and reverse scenario?  Granted, we'd probably want to go back to every hour instead of every half hour to prevent the whiplash of a bouncing pair to get out of control on us, but it might help in some of the long progressions I (or we) have been seeing sometimes?

Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #913 ---
I would like to try a lot of things before I go back to trim'n'reverse.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
First post, I know...  I have been following the thread for a while and am a fan of the ideas here and MetaCoder's coding.  Thought I would chime in with my update to the code in case it helps future iterations:

1. Added an extern variable for add interval.  This is in minutes and a MathMod is done to determine if we should check for adding positions:

...

if (MathMod(TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()), AddMinuteInterval) == 0) ClearSymbolMarks();

if ((BidsHaveChanged &&

(MathMod(TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()), AddMinuteInterval) == 0) &&

!CloseAll))

...

- Example Values: 60 = every hour; 30 = every 30 minutes; 15 = every 15 minutes, etc. (don't set it to 0...)

2. Added an extern variable called OnlyAddAllInProfit.  Possible values TRUE or FALSE.  If true, then all trades have to be in profit for additions.  If false, don't add on:

...

if (SymbolArray[i] == BiggestPhantomWinnerSymbol &&

(!OnlyAddAllInProfit || (OnlyAddAllInProfit && AllSymbolTradesInProfit(SymbolArray[i]))) &&

!SymbolMarked(SymbolArray[i]))

...

Hope I'm not stepping on anyone's feet and I hate to add another version to the mix, but it seemed that some people like the every hour addition, some people like the all-in-profit option, and some don't.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Sounds good, thanks for the input

--- 帖子 #916 ---
That's remarkable, but I'm wondering what can thwart this strategy.

What about a widespread reversal where we have too many pairs committed to one direction to effectively go with the new direction, assuming we leave same-pair hedging off the table (I personally won't explore anything that employs same-pair hedging)?

I suppose this is why taz is thinking of using trim'n'reverse.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Version 01: Every hour, add a trade to any phantom pair that is a biggest phantom winner during 59 minutes of the hour, not just minute 0. Require that all preexisting trades on the pair be in profit.

Version 01a: Same as 01, but also reset the phantom trades during minute 0 of every hour. This should let us detect direction changes much sooner.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Letting addsix 03 taz run a little longer, but doesnt seem like it's working here.  Unless I am mistaken, there isn't a set amount a phantom needs to be in profit right? just needs to be the biggest winner or biggest loser?

If that is correct, it's gone through 2 cycles already without opening any trades.  Will let it go through one more (in 17 mins) before trying to figure out whats wrong.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Since the actions are only taken on minute 0, it's very possible that none of the six pairs are popping up as biggest phantom winner.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
k, will keep watching it, but am pretty sure there's a biggest loser/winner at every hour half hour so far, just no action taken.  I've increased it to every 10 minutes now to try to troubleshoot the issue

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Cool, I like to see people trying various things with the EAs.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
But is it one of the six pairs?

--- 帖子 #923 ---
EU and GC winner/loser.

I did put it on a diff broker demo than I usually use, and I think i have had issues before when a broker doesn't have one of the 14 pairs, ea doesn't want to do anything.  fxdd doesnt have nzdjpy, so that could be the cause.  I'll figure it out soon

--- 帖子 #924 ---
You are probably running up against the BidsHaveChanged check, which requires in part that all pairs' bids be non-zero in order to take any trading actions.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
I started PH14_add More_01A @ appr. 22:44.

It openend :

1 @ 22:45

1 @ 22:46

1 @ 22:55

1 @ 22:56

1 @ 23:05

1 @ 23:12

1 @ 23:18

So am I seeing it right, but looks like it's looking for trades to open every 10 or 6 minutes instead of every hour. Anybody else noticed the same? Or is it caused because the reset kicks in too early?

Edit: Maybe i'm to soon with this reaction. I'll let it run and see what it has done during the night tomorrow morning. Goodnight.

(I like the idea MC. Incredible how many work you've done. Thanks!

Also incredible how many versions appear every week. Hard to keep up demo-ing  Will post my demo results here. "Normal" version Phantom14_Add_02 is doing very nice since its start last monday morning. Started demo with $8544. Now it is $8841)

--- 帖子 #926 ---
As long as all trades were different pairs inside the same hour, it's trading as intended.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
It's not that specific. Different pairs can present themselves as biggest phantom winners inside of an hour. When one does, we open a trade for it and tag it as already traded that hour.

The 01a idea might create too many "noise" trades, we'll see.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Yes they are. Guess I had some kind of brain-failure

I thought it looked which Phantom is the biggest winner DURING the hour instead of AT minute 0 and that it ONLY added that ONE every hour.

But you meant that if, by example, EURJPY is the biggest winner at 22:15 and GBPCHF is the biggest at 22:38 it adds both during that hour.

EDIT: You posted the answer before I was ready typing mine.

Indeed, we'll see how it performs. I'll give an update tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
You guys probably have the feel now for how each new blend of tactics is not based on perfect trading wisdom, just a few tools in the bag that have been proven to work quite often, added to new ideas as they arise. Of course we filter any proposed blend of known proven tactics and new unproven tactics through what we THINK is a decent understanding of forex mechanics, but we always assume we must see our ideas in action for a while before we declare them good.

Our process for improvement is based on, "Hey, here's something to try, let's code it up and give it a whirl, then analyze why it works or doesn't work and repeat the process until a better strategy emerges."

We got where we are through this process, and we're keeping that process intact.

Obviously, the goal is to get more frequent profit and fewer situations where we get big drawdown. Waiting for things to happen when the market is quiet or strange isn't a problem. But those other two things, we want and continue to pursue them doggedly.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
MC,

I had a senior moment earlier, when you posted the 03 taz version.  I thought it was the addsix that you had modded for me, to reverse the biggest loser, but it wasnt.

Wondering if you would mind taking addsix_02 and adding the mods to it, so that it takes the biggestphantomloser each half hour, as well as the biggestphantomwinnder each half hour.

I have tried to make this change, but there's something I am not quite getting right, as it's not working properly.

Would appreciate it if you could?

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Hey taz and frazerd,

I've also been using taz's original mod (the one without my fix) and it has so far outperformed any other EA here to date.

I like how it "goes with the flow" once a pair's trade(s) become profitable, on each tick it gets, it will place another trade for that profitable pair.... just like I said before when we were trying to debug taz's original mod, it was all to do with momentum.

I love this EA.  You're tha man taz!

This is just like an accidental science experiment that created a monster.

But as we all know high rewards have high risks.

Yes, I also experienced that high DD yesterday and the day before, but it was all good in the end.

Funny observation... it closed a LOT of trades for just a mere 0.1% pop, then the next lot (another big bunch) of trades made up the next 0.9% (I've got my ProfitPct at 1.0%)

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Yeah, i've seen the risk as some of you may have noticed if you checked myfx stats the other day.  I am sure those who are running it at a lower lot size aren't feeling it quite as much, although the returns shouldn't be quite as high as mine have been either, time will tell.

Are you interested in helping me figure out how to get addsix_02 to work the same way?  My hackjob coding and lack of knowledge is keeping me from getting it working right.  I think I got close, but it's def not right yet.

If you wanna help me, let me know and we can do it via pm or something, then post the mod to the thread once it's working right.

Edit: just to confirm on your previous statement about 'each tick it gets it adds' it's not actually doing that on you is it?  It shouldn't be adding trades except on each half hour mark

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Sorry yes I meant on the 00 or 30 minute, I just gave myself a risky idea to try... hmmm I wonder how that'll go?  Mwahahaha Monster 2.0 coming up *rubs-hands-together*

Yes, I'll help you on my lunch break today, I'll post up the taz-monster-mod :-)

I think you can do it the mod... just find where ClearSymbolMarks() gets called then remove the "if" statement before it so that it get's called all the time (that's what I meant by each tick)... that's basically your mod, plus of course the bit where you add trades on the 00 AND 30 minute marks.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Hey taz,

Can you please also add your myfx stats URL to your signature?

I've tried searching this thread for myfx but no results other than your post above, and I really don't want to go through the whole thread again :-)

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Here's the link again, just add it to your tracking list in myfxbook to keep it handy if u wish.  I don't really want to add it to my sig as of yet.
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/tazm...QdOl33qbInCOoT

I can send you my attempt at the mod so far, but thought it might be easier for you just to mod it yourself instead of figuring out what I did wrong?  Either way is fine with me.  However it's the following changes, not just the every half hour.

currently addsix_02, every hour opens the biggest winner of the phantom trades.  But only if it's one of the six pairs MC has decided on.

what I want it to do for testing is,

every half hour, open the biggest winner of the phantoms, plus reverse the biggest loser of the phantoms.

The rest of the logic as far as only adding to a trade if its in profit etc, all remain intact and untouched.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Here you go taz!

Please test that it works first, I make no guarantees that it does work without errors due to how fast that I made that mod.

But I'm confident that I have implemented your mod correctly.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Starting a demo with Phantom14_Add_02_taz to see this for myself.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hehe have fun MC :-)

Here is my version on taz's original mod, just cleaned up the code a little, all intact though.

The default settings are how I've been using it to trade, a bit too risky for some, but seems to get the job done.

I notice at around 7:00 GMT (London Session Open), it gets the job done VERY FAST. *hint-hint*

Enjoy!

--- 帖子 #939 ---
thx for the quick work the_game.  It's running now so i should know in the next hour or so whether it's working properly.

appreciate it!  I'll look at the code later too to see if i can learn where i went wrong also

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Cool, I think I better get back to work

--- 帖子 #941 ---
thegame,

ok, so what i see so far it's darn close.  If you have time, maybe you can explain to me why this line gets commented out:

/*if (TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 0)*/ ClearSymbolMarks();

I took that to mean that every hour, it clears the previous trades that were added in the global variables, so it can look again to see who the biggest winner/loser is and whether there is a previous trade that is profitable in order to add.  So it didn't dawn on me to just comment it out, thought it was where I had to add the 30min check and have it clearmarks at 0 and 30.

Not sure if that is the issue that I see so far, but I believe it was what someone fixed for me last time?  What I saw instantly was eurjpy being the biggestwinner on it's first check, it opened the ej trade twice.  Other than that, looks like its working well, but it'd be nice to not allow it to open a trade more than once per check.

The prior fix was when I had it set to 0 || 30 instead of 0 && 30, so maybe the same issue happening here?

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Have a look at your ORIGINAL mod from Add_02.taz and have a look at mine (that I recently posted a few posts back) at that same line.

They look different, but in fact they produce the same result.

As dim13 pointed out your mod would always be true, therefore ClearSymbolMarks() would always be called.

That is why I commented out that if statement.

NOTE: ClearSymbolMarks() just clears all pairs that they have already been marked as added.

In reality your mod does not need to call ClearSymbolMarks() at all as long as the !SymbolMarked(SymbolArray[i]) && MarkSymbolAdded(SymbolArray[i]) code is removed.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Now for the *fixed* taz-mod you just have to add this line in front of the ClearSymbolMarks() code:

Inserted Code if (TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 0 && TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 30)

But as I said last week, this mod will not allow the EA "ride" the momentum, so you would need a smaller ProfitPct value.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
taz, when I said earlier that I have been using your original Add_02.taz mod, I did mean THE original one you posted, not the fixed one.

I hope I have not confused you

--- 帖子 #945 ---
I've seen that happen also and wondered why.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
I truly have no idea, I've scanned the code over and over and cannot figure out why.

All I can put it down to is that when the EA tried closing everything, at that moment the market direction rapidly changed (reversed quickly or continued quickly).

So if you have a LOT of trades it will take around 1 second for each trade to close based on MC's original coding.

A lot can happen in that 20-30 seconds (i.e. 20 - 30 trades to close).

It has it's good side, where the trade direction agrees with the rapidly continuing market direction and you can end up in almost double your profit target.

I've modified the lines "Sleep(1000);" to "Sleep(100);", but that still managed to happen to me.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Yeah, sorry, I am still totally confused as to what that line does and whether it should be commented out or not lol.

I'll add it and see if that fixes the issue, or makes it worse I guess.

On your other comments about the closure amount,

Having had alot of experience trading ea's that use a global equity closure (gec) method, it's uncommon at all to have trades try to close at 1% and by the time they managed to get all closed, to end up with a very different result.

These particular ea's aren't the fastest in the world at closing trades, and that could be something that could be improved, but i don't think its extremely important.  It's random whether the market is moving against u or with u at the time u are trying to close trades, so one time you might get .9%, other times u might get 1.3%.  So to me it's not a big concern yet.

I do have to say I like things to mass close as fast as possible, but this is something that can be addressed at a later time probably.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Your mod without the fix allows the EA to add to the pair with profitable trades every half hour, and it will check every tick if it can add.

*** EDIT: This basically means it will add trades during the 00 or 30 minute marks (i.e. for the whole minute each half hour if it sees that it can)

Your mod with the fix does the above but only checks every half hour to see if it can add.

*** EDIT: This means that it will only be able to add once every half hour.

You know where I stand (no fix) as it rides the market momentum.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
ok, think i understand then.  I think my confusion is that with my original mod that I uploaded and hacked up myself, i havent seen it trying to take a trade every tick, only once per half hour.  So that's where I got confused I guess.

I have added the line and that should get me back to only one trade per half hour per condition  thanks

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Sorry, yes I have confused you there.

What I meant to say is that your original mod called ClearSymbolMarks() every tick, hence allowing the EA to check if it can add on every tick in that whole minute of 00 or 30.

But it did indeed only add to a pair's profitable trades every half hour.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
AHHH, ok I am completely clear now, thanks!

And sorry to the thread for all of my drivel, hopefully we can get back on track.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Hi MC,

Regarding your AddSix EAs, have you thought about only accounting for the six pairs chosen?

What I mean to say is to ignore all other pairs throughout the code.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
We are planning to write an EA that is very similiar to the IBFX

partial close platform.. I am doing some research and would really like to know

its linkage to the program discussed in this thread namely the

Phantom... please consider this request with patience as we are

rather new to this platform and trading environment...where do I get the code and implementation..

thanks,

--- 帖子 #954 ---
I have a question regarding the "Tick".is it same as a pip?

if not what does tick mean exactly ?

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #955 ---
a tick is a movement of price.

any time price moves is referred to as a tick

--- 帖子 #956 ---
A thick is every time the bid/ask price of a pair changes.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Hi,

i'm relatively new and i follow your posts since a few days.

I get a thought concerning the parameter you enter in the EA.

I'm sure that you know that the parameters which can be entered within the EAs are not perfect and are always to be improved. I mean than the 1% Profit to be reach is a condition to close the orders. Same with the >+20 pips or <-20 pips to enter a trade with the Phantom EA.

But I have a question with that. don't you think that the fact to have "numbers" as condition to eneter or close orders could not be right every days. I mean, the volatility can change like the trends, like the range...

So i like the first idea of the first version, instead of the Phantom one (even if the Phantom is apparently better from your last posts, if i'm right).

So my question is the following, and i hope i won't hurt anyone. Do you think that this is possible to make en EA, based on your ideas of hedging, that does not use this entering parameters ?

because the +/-20 pips could be 30 pips the week after (for the EA to performs well) and 15 the week after again...Or maybe is it possible to based this on the ATR index ?

Regards

PS maybe you have already thought about that, but i think i did not read something like that on your posts.

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Like MC said in his FAQ link on page 1, if you think it's a good idea try coding it yourself.

Please keep in mind that this thread is still in it's infancy/experimental stage.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Hello,

I'm new in the forex world. I've been watching this thread and some of the post. It appears that the Phantom ea is very good. However. I installed it in my demo and after a few hours, I see a few pairs on the positive and more in the negative.

Any idea on how I can control the take profit/stop loss. I'm using a demo with $1000 balance and 1:500.

Thank you in advance for your help.

I'm using the Phantom14_add_02.taz

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Is the smallest lot on your account 0.1 or 0.01?

I have this version (the one from post #839   !!!) running since this morning 08:45.

My demo account was $2537,7 when I started it. 200:1 leverage. Smallest lot 0.01.

My settings are:

Max margin to use: 0.4 ( I started it with 0.1 but changed it after an hour or 2 to get it faster to the $ profit amount)

ProfitPct 0.5

I believe these where the standard settings.

At this moment there are no trades open, but it has closed 5 times for an 0,5% profit today! Account now is $2606,82

The lotsize it opened was 0.05. (except for the first ones which were 0.01) Max floating drawdown was -0,51%

It guess you should play a bit with the max margin to use (and/or the profitpct) When it opened the first ones with 0.1 max margin to use, the most profit for all the open trades I saw was $3.50. So I guessed when it opens 4 times bigger lots, it should have reached the 0,5% profit at that time, which was $12,68. (4x $3.50) Thats why I changed it to 0.4

--- 帖子 #961 ---
PH14 AddMore 01a did I close manually this morning. It had a lot (43!) of trades open and the loss after one night was 13%, which was -$375.

I should give it more credit and let it run longer, but wanted to try another Phantom (see post above)

Anybody else tested/testing the "Ph14 AddMore 01a" or the Ph14 AddMore 01?

I curious about the results, especially the 01 version.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Currently testing Phantom Add6_02.  So far so good but I have noticed that once the target is hit it doesn't start over again.  I am having to remove the ea and then reload.  Is anyone else having the same problems?

Also an update on my live Basket 14_02 ET=2.  Still stuck in the leg that started 22/09, however today has seen most of the dd clawed back.  Here's hoping for an equity pop soon.

Paul

--- 帖子 #963 ---
my add6_02 seems to reset just fine, it's been running a couple days and has cranked in 3.8% already, so seems to be working fine here

--- 帖子 #964 ---
How long are you waiting for new trades to open?  Do you understand the entry criteria?

--- 帖子 #965 ---
MC

I left it for half a day after its last close before I reloaded.  After reloading it took first trade on the hour.

Paul

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Julesvh, thank you very much. I will play with it until I see the profits I'm looking for. Greatly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
It took nearly 10 freakin hours for Add6_02 to hit 2 profit targets.

Sheesh. Like watching paint dry.

At this rate, I won't be a millionaire til next week sometime.

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Yep takes awhile sometimes, however am sure you've noticed your dd wasnt much either.  that's the tradeoff

--- 帖子 #969 ---
What allows you to call ClearSymbolMarks all the time with no weird effects is the fact that the AllSymbolTradesInProfit and !SymbolMarked checks are redudant.

Both are ways to prevent excessive trades on a symbol.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
likes phantom_addsix02, up maxmargintouse to 0.4>> similar to phan14add02taz

--- 帖子 #971 ---
I like my own iteration just had it running for a mere 17 hours

I think I've created a MONSTER!

I'm still waiting for that high DD though, I know it will happen.  Lowest Margin so far is 872.65%, Max Floating DD is 3.62%

In the meantime it's fun to see it open trades and close relatively quickly.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Not too bad.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_02.htm - statement says ver 01 but it's 02

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom14_Add_03a.htm - statement says ver 01a but it's 03a

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom14_Add_04.htm

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Hi MC,

Just wondering about your mention and use of synthetic hedges.

Would you be able to please explain what a synthetic hedge is or at least link me up a website?

I know google is my friend, but apparently not today :-(

Thank you!

P.S. - Impressive statements BTW

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Frustrating I know, but you'll definitely fail miserably at trading the forex if you are greedy and impatient - no offence intended, but that's the way it is.

Think of it as a way to get residual income, not a replacement income.

That's how I've come to terms with trading this market.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
In this entire thread, you're LOOKING at a big synthetic hedge.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
It appears to me that Pinhead was being facetious.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
you mind sharing your version please...

--- 帖子 #978 ---
I realise that, I should have made myself clearer sorry.

I was talking about the six pairs that you chose.

I was also trying to work out what other three pairs would go nicely with these volatile 3 pairs:

GBPUSD

GBPJPY

USDJPY

Hence why I asked for some kind of definition or guidelines to setting up a synthetic hedge like you have with your six pairs.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Simple example:

Buy EURUSD and Sell EURUSD, that's a same-pair hedge.

For a synthetic hedge, you could

Buy EURUSD, Sell EURJPY, Buy USDJPY; this is a synthetic hedge because you have

Bought EUR

Sold USD

Sold EUR

Bought JPY

Bought USD

Sold JPY

See how everything is balanced?

Within the AddSix EA, we have two synthetic hedges, and these synthetic hedges exist as a subset within our big 14-pair synthetic hedge of:

Group 1, The Phantom Buys

1. GBPUSD

2. EURGBP

3. GBPJPY

4. USDCHF

5. NZDUSD

6. AUDJPY

7. EURJPY

Group 2, The Phantom Sells

8. EURUSD

9. USDJPY

10. AUDUSD

11. NZDJPY

12. GBPCHF

13. CHFJPY

14. EURCHF

The following illustration tries to shed light on WHY it's a synthetic hedge.  Currency pairs are properly viewed as numerators and denominators.  So in the picture we show GBPUSD as GBP above USD.  Note how certain numerators and denominators cancel out.  After the canceling, the same currencies exists in the numerators and the denominators for both sets of 7.

http://members.cox.net/rcochran/supercurrencies.jpg

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Phantom14_Add_02_taz managed to pull off an equity pop after opening quite a few trades.  Margin had been as low as 365% on my 50:1 demo.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom14_Add_02_taz.htm

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Thanks for your outstanding and patient reply MC.

I think I have the gist of it now, thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
When I'm ready... I still want to test it out extensively.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
It's just like a lightbulb went off in my head... I got it now, all about balance or shall I say risk management?

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Absolutely.

We execute specific tactics within the framework of a big synthetic hedge and so things do stay balanced and risk is mitigated.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
*** EDIT: crappy unedumacted post deleted :-P

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Hi The-game

can we have your EA version(Addsix 2 the-game) posted here please?

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Just as I thought, my MONSTER is now in high DD, Lowest Margin is now ~335% and continuing downwards.

I have a lot of trades open and 95% of them in the negative and they have been open for just 10 hours.

Yesterday must of had the right conditions (or mirror image conditions) for it to go into profit that fast.

That was fun to try but definitely not going there again though, very scary.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Did you do more to it than having it cycle every 15mins?

I decided to toss an add6 up that cycled every 15mins, took adds as well as reverse (like my other mods) and also only looked at the six pairs, not all 14.

Have a feeling mine will get into some decent dd as well

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Nice I did some research on basket trading and coded some multi currency/pair RSI's which are pretty nice look for T101's indicator thread.

I'm wondering one thing though... if you place a buy/sell basket which cancels out would you ever see positive equity from high volatility without any cut/reverse? Or would the spread and opening at different exact times cancel any possible gains thus the need for finding the weakest link? I guess that's more FPI then and would work better with a triangle setup unless I'm wrong.

Jag

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Hi MC,

what is the difference with the Add_04 ?

Would you upload it please?

Thx

--- 帖子 #991 ---
click the paperclip in upper right corner, go to page 2 and its there.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Finally the leg that started 22nd September closed this morning for it's 1%.  I am going to keep this running while I test phantom more.

Paul

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Thanks a lot. I didn't know that

But i found the Basket14_Add_04 and the Basket14_04.  But there is no phantom_Add_04 ?

Would you help me ?

Actually i would like to know the difference because it make less trades but the report shows a better line. Not much negative trades apparently.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Here is the report from the ea:

this real setup from programmer,

I have changed nothing

Phantom14_Add_02.taz (see you in attachments is ea)

i hope i help...

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Here is the report from the ea:

this real setup from programmer,

I have changed nothing

Ph14_AddMore_01 (see you in attachments is ea)

i hope this help...

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Here is the report from the ea:

this real setup from programmer,

I have changed nothing

Ph14_AddMore_01 and Phantom_14Add_03_taz_ExternAllInProfit

(see you in picture is ea)

i hope this help...

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Vienna,

Thanks for the report

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Does the EA (all versions) look if there is enough margin level left before opening a next trade?

By example when my margin level is 120% and it would become less than 100% when opening a new one, what does the EA do?

And what happens when the margin comes below the 100% margin level with the trades it has open. MT4 closes all the trades, but after that, what happens then?

EDIT: I may find it out soon enough at one demo. But perhaps someone knows.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
NO, my philosophy does not include protecting people from themselves.

If your MaxMarginToUse is too big for your balance, account type and leverage level, such that your margin drops down to the 100% zone, you did that to yourself and I don't try to protect you.

You've got the source code, put in safeguards if you don't trust yourself to use wise settings commensurate with your balance, account type and leverage level.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Of course.

I think it makes sense to let each of the six pairs have to distinguish themselves among a larger basket of pairs to prove themselves worthy of trading.

Plus I'm lazy and don't want to trim out all that code. Have at it if you feel it's a good idea.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Only that the pairs traded are limited to EURCHF, GBPCHF and EURGBP.

You could take AddSix 02 and modify the logic to only trade EURCHF, GBPCHF and EURGBP and you'd have the Add_04.

The good results are partly due to using a bröker with tiny spreads. The downside with that bröker is that you have to pay a monthly fee. I tried the same EA with IBFX and it didn't open enough trades to be worthwhile. Big spreads on those pairs get in the way.

A good thing to keep in mind is that the policymakers, bankers and brökers over the last few years have added little annoying things to make it hard to do well as retail traders. Swap/interest rates were adjusted to keep us from accumulating swap money on certain pair combinations, same-pair hedging was eliminated unless you follow FIFO (or however it is now), ticks are heavily filtered to keep us from exploiting distortions, leverage has been decreased (probably good for the many clueless traders who haven't bothered to self-educate about margin, leverage, etc.), brökers adertise "low spreads" but freely increase them when it serves their purposes, brökers flag and disallow various trading styles and trade against our positions... and that's just a partial list.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
MC,

If I were to try to implement a trading time feature into one of my mods, would just having it set Stopafternotrades input to true automatically work?

Stopafternotrades just doesnt reopen the cycle again once a global closure is hit, but it doesnt prevent new trades from being added every hour as normal right?

If internally the stopafternotrades was set to true by trading time code, will it reset the ea as it currently does when you set that to true manually?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Some brokers have limitation on max number of open trades (usually 100) I got there several times. Then the EA will not open any new trades. After reaching this point the EA should close shop and start over otherwise it can result in big DD.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Hehe, thought I would get such an answer and I didn't see it in the code either, but maybe overlooked it so wanted to know it for sure.

I have an $5000 demo-account at FXCM which only allows 0.1 lotsizes as minimum. Running it with Ph14_AddMore_01a. For now it has 36 trades open for a total of -$400. Dollar profit target is 0.5 % -> $25.

Lowest margin is 100.14% Max floating drawdown was -8.37%.

It still survives.....

I'll edit this post when it "died"

By the way. I get very nice results with the Phantom14_Add02

I'll post a statement next week. I just let it run a bit longer to get a objective result. The Phantom14_Add02.taz version is also doing nice.

Thanks all for the contribution here.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
A good reason for limiting the pairs traded.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Aahh, the market maker...

And i think that (maybe you) someone tried to base an EA on the profit, and not on the pips ? which can solve the problem of the spread.

Do you please remember which one is it ?

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Thank you MC for the details

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
The Collective FX is the bröker.

Cleanest solution would be to remove the spread from the profit calculation, just look at bid movement and apply lot size and tick value.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
My new mod idea (which might have been what thegame was playing with not sure) is working nicely so far.  Most legs are opened and close within 15 mins, was pretty fun to watch last night.

However, I do think a weakness to this one, as well as the add_02.taz mod, is the timing of the new legs.  From what I see so far in testing, I am of the opinion that a cycle that is opened toward the end of the us session is typically the one that creates the dd.  Obviously things slow down quite a bit, asian retracements occur, etc.  So what ends up happening alot of times, about 1900 or after, a cycle starts up.  Then just flounders around until a bit before london open, but is adding trades all during that time.  Then at london open, we have to just pray like hell that it doesnt take off in the wrong direction of our basket, when momentum and volume takes off.

So, what I propose, and maybe someone can help me with this.

At 0500GMT, the ea can turn on and start taking basket trades.

At 1900GMT, the ea continues what it is doing if it is in a basket cycle already, continuing to add to trades as it's coded to etc.  However, the stopafternotrade flag is set to true, without affecting or refreshing the ea.  Once the basket leg is closed in profit, the ea sleeps and takes no more baskets, until 0500GMT, when it awakens and does it all over again.

If someone would be kind enough to help me out in adding this code, I am more than happy to share the latest mod I am working with.

P.S. Yes, this can easily be done manually, just change the flag to true at 1900GMT, however this action resets the ea, so all phantom calculations are reset to 0 and it affects the current basket cycle continuing to do what it needs to do.

Here's my chart for the 18 hours of testing i've done so far.  The 6% dd happened during the time I am trying to avoid with the above, and the second dip happened because my damn pc crashed due to another crazy ea I am playing with while I was sleeping last night.  Regardless, 10% gain in 18 hrs isn't too bad   And most baskets are closed before I even notice they were opened lol

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
My version was like yours except I was checking the pair's order type (buy/sell) before taking the trade in the same direction (when they were in profit obviously).

I think because you haven't done that it actually saved you because you may find that there was buy and sell trades during a leg on a pair (or several pairs), effectively hedging itself and reducing the risk.

Basically your mod was letting the winners win and the losers lose OR even better hedge themselves (possibly).

I think we are on to a winner here.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Hmmm, I wonder what would be the advantage in doing this rather than letting the EA reset the Phantoms say 15 minutes before the active time?

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Yeah, I thought about that too, which is probably fine, as long as it doesnt attempt an entire new basket cycle right before the asian session starts.  The current basket I am in started right after that magical time I was referring to (which I had already decided on logically last night), wierd coincidence

Anyhow, my mod basically is the addsix with following changes.

1. my normal mod, which is reversing the biggest loser, and adding the biggest winner.

2. doing it every 15 mins

3. only looking at the 6 pairs in the basket I am trading, so there will ALWAYS be a biggest loser/winner.  So the other 8 pairs are completely removed from the ea's calculations.

Probably pretty close what you were trying

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Yep I also did point 3... I just overkilled it with the same direction code LOL!

It was doing alright then the whole market (it looked like) just changed direction.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
So you had it taking more trades than the norm? (other than the obvious every 15min check instead of every hour)

What time gmt did the basket start that got you in trouble?

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
No, mine was like yours but I checked the existing trades direction before going into that direction.

Sorry can't answer that as I deleted the demo account and restarted with another strategy.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
ah i see.  well mine has still never opened the same pair in opposite directions.  Never had a basket cycle open long enough yet for that to be possible I guess.

Even on my add_02 mod, I don't think i've seen it, so maybe there is a check in there for that already? dunno

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Too weird... maybe it's that timing issue then.

e.g. my EA took the initial trades in the "wrong" direction and yours was right because you activated your EA at a different time than mine?

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
taz, when you set StopAfterNoTrades to true, I believe it stops the EA from funtioning at all. The EA stops and makes no trades until that switch is turned back on(set to false).

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
the_game, yeah most likely.  I believe I started mine AFTER you had mentioned you had an issue.

My overall point is, imo, a basket with this method that first initiates that close to the us session close, to me is based on unreliable information.  The pairs that are deemed the biggest loser/winner have no momentum to continue their move.  Once asian session kicks in all bets are off usually (not always), momentum drops to nothing, volume drops to nothing and alot of the time the typical asian session slow crawl retrace occurs.  Compare that to the london open, and as you have seen, if a pair starts to move, it has no problem doing it, with a vengeance, and pops us out very quick.

frazerd:

ok, then that's going to cause a problem with my idea then, so I guess I am going to have to find a coder that is willing to help me make this work the way I would like to see   thanks for the answer about that.  although the name of the input itself is a bit misleading, it should just be called stoptrading, not stop after no trades

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hey taz,

I'm too busy today at work (Friday!!!), but I'm sure you can manage to hop on to docs.mql4.com and have a look at the Time and Date documentation.

You've gotten this far, you should be able to do it with ease after a bit of reading up.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
yeah i have searched around for awhile and checked code on some other ea's.

the bigger problem for me is figuring out how to allow it to finish out it's cycle after the stop time.  Just takes me 10 hours to do something it takes a normal person 5 minutes to add is all

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
The name is appropriate - the EA STOPS after no trades - when it has closed for equity pop profit. The intent was to give you a chance to withdraw or add funds to your account while the EA was stopped and then start it again when the money transactions were complete. Otherwise the margin to use and lot sizes would get screwed up when adding orwithdrawing money.

Reference the code required to only trade during specific hours, MC has that coded in a Looser EA we were working with before starting this thread. He may be willing to post the code for you to use. Or you can extract it from the EA yourself. It's LooserKissMe_08 located at http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...36#post3976836

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Thanks for the reminder frazerd.  I've been so focused on this thread that I completely forgot about that little gem of a thread :-)

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
thx frazer, will take a look

and to me that still isnt named right, stop AFTER no trades.  to me means trades all close from an equity pop and THEN the ea stops trading

not that it stops trading while trades are still open   that was my only point, and doesnt matter at all, so didn't need further discussion

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
I'm banker this  is my work.

I unfortunately am not a programmer.

I would ask you to ea Phantom14_Add_02.taz

to build:

if the ea buy now so is to sell the other ap-

all reversed completely independent with its own magic number.

so we have more and more diversification and correlation in the market.

Both are expected to work on the account without disturbing themselves.

it's like in a fonds structuring.

i hope i understand me and can help me.

sorry for my english,-

best regards and a very nice day.

vienna

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
I must not have been clear. It does stop AFTER an equity pop when ALL TRADES ARE CLOSED. No trades will be open.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
tazmaan,  Could you please share this most recent mod, so that next week I can run it on a demo for testing?  Thanks  Bruce

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Once I verify that I have the session time code added correctly (i think it is but need to make sure it works as intended) i'll post it up here.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Initially, buy the phantom-buy group of pairs and sell the phantom-sell group of pairs.

Every hour, add a trade to the phantom pair that is the biggest phantom winner. Also add a reverse trade to the phantom pair that is the biggest phantom loser. Before adding any trades, require that no trades exist on the pair, or that all preexisting trades on the biggest phantom winner/loser pairs be in profit. There is no symbol marking in this version as it is redundant with the check for preexisting trades being in profit.

Close reverse/"wrong-way" trades if they hit one-tenth of DollarProfitTarget. This is the "gravy" profit.

Let me know if it doesn't appear to be trading as intended, there's a brand new function called TakeWrongwayProfit.

|

v

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
I have already downloaded-

I test next week-

Thanks and have a nice weekend

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Using excell only and mt4 feed 100% hit

rate

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
problem ive found is to get a broker that doesnt manipulate data feed , it shows on feeds from different brokers  there manipulation on excell, lot different than dde feed from non mt4 brokers

so LOOK AT BOTTOM LEFT AT LED LIGHTS ALONG SIDE KB RATE  ON MT4

my opinion only but if you feed into excell you may see this  terrible manipulation on brokers data feed via mt4 , demo and live

so i think one reason why mt4 eas fail is due to data feed , my opinion only

manualy its easy to get high profits and hit rates  but eas are made for order for brokers to take great eas down  and take  your great efforts producing eas

i may be wrong  i hope you prove me wrong  id love to use an ea that makes consistant profits  over time using mt4 data fee

PLEASE PROVE ME WRONG, WITH LIVE TRADES ACCOUNTS , I WOULD LOVE TO BE WRONG

THEN I WOULDNT NEED TO DO ANYTHING BUT MAKE MONEY uSING an EAS AND MT4

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
This one had good action on Friday.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom14_Add_02_taz.htm

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Hi all,

I would like to run a couple of these o a live forward penny account.  I am a bit confused on all the 'versions' and wondering what you may recommend?

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Dear Mr. MetaCoder,

I give my first report from here -

right now I'm speechless -

I'm for 4 years in the trade but as a profit factor 3.05 !

I have only seen at very high risk martingale EA that I would never use.

I agree very curious how this goes.

see the attachments

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
YES,,i have had a good profit on the latest EA from MC(PH14 wrongway gravy taz01),thank you.

and hopefully it will do well later on too,just cross fingers.

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
[Quote = fredgold3434; 4088215] Ja, habe ich hatte einen guten Gewinn über die neuesten EA von MC (PH14 wrongway Soße taz01), danke.

und hoffentlich wird es auch später tun auch nur Daumen drücken.

Was

Fred [/ quote]

hi fredgold,

i hope the best.....

regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
nice job Metacoder on the new version(gravy)

so far my "gomkt5_phan14add2taz" still leading the pack, with max float dd of 33% during 8days worth of forward testing; see under my mt4i results.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
thank you

fred

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Glad gravy is working, thanks for the reports and comments.  Good trades to you all.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
particularly grateful for you,

I wish all a combination show that I test.

is a small thank you to all who are so busy here.

start account 500 usd

I am happy to pass this ea, as I have from this forum, unfortunately the thread closed.

may be sold already this EA under a different name or is possible?

installation

in the EXPERT/Library folder -Fann2MQL_0.1.3

NEXTCLOSE on any extra Chart M30 EURUSD !! -finish..!

and give the ea Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01 to another chart and let both work.

this is a CurrenciesFonds-

you see in the attachments

best regards and i hope to have all winners....

vienna

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Hi all,

I´ve just read all thread and thank you very much Metacoder, Tazmaan, Frazerd and everyone who has contributed.....really really amazing...

Vienna, the thread is really closed ?

I´m going to test Phantom 14_Add_02_Taz, Phantom 14_Add_03_Taz, Phantom_Add_Six_02_Taz and Phantom 14_Wrongway_Taz_01.

I hope thread is not closed, ......

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
no, this thread is not closed-

close is the thread from  ea: nextclose.....in this forum

sorry for the misunderstanding,

my english sorry......

vienna

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Ufff....., thank you Vienna, my english is not my mother language like you.

Could you explain a little more how to install and how it works "Next Close" ?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Nextclose is a loser EA. I tried it some months ago... You can read about it in the original thread. Please do not talk about this EA here. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Thanks Maya,

I´ll focuse my test in 4 ea´s from my last post.....

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Hello,

thank you for your hard work.

I am trying from yesterday PH4 Wrongwaygravy taz 01 - but in the morning all trades are loosers - what about reverse the logic?  I am joking, it is too soon to see results.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
this is the thread:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=240358

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Thank you Vienna,

I´ll check it...

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Hi all,

I' m testing 14 Add03taz and maybe it' s a stupid question but is it possible to make equity the same as last flat equity in orden to have the equity profit target correct?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
There's been a misunderstanding. NextClose is not associated with our work here. Different people, different ideas. Nothing on this thread is for sale. This thread is not closed.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Ups, yes, a stupid question, sorry, I forgot F3.....

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
hi, MetaCoder,

sorry for the misunderstanding.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Some versions here use reverse technique in form of: PipTarget4Reverse and BiggestPhantomLoserSymbol (inside function: AddIfNeeded), which is a clever implementation.

But only 1 trade of a pair in the wrong direction blocks a possible profitable reversal => AllSymbolTradesInProfit(SymbolArray[i])

E.g., today we had a strong intraday reversal in GBPCHF. A change from BiggestWinner to BiggestLooser, but I saw that handling this was impossible because of AllSymbolTradesInProfit(SymbolArray[i]) and the loss in GBPCHF (morning buy) grow bigger and bigger.

Wouldn't it be necessary to stop these big loosers, after they switched to the opposite side of the virtual hedge (or perhaps earlier)?

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
from start 11.10.2010

ea PH4 Wrongwaygravy taz 01

i have not loser!!

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
I started about 13hr after u, almost caught up to u; me:$1016 u:$1023
http://www.mt4i.com/users/g5_ph14wwg_taz1

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
[Quote = bekommen; 4091056] Ich begann vor etwa 13 Std. nach u, fast bis zu u gefangen; mir: 1016 $ u: $ 1023
http://www.mt4i.com/users/g5_ph14wwg_taz1
[/ Quote]

what is their attitude -

setting'? is this?

MaxMarginToUse                   =     0.4;

extern double Lots                =     0.1;

extern double ProfitPct           =     0.5;

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
when things are going great like this; touch nothing / all default / same as above.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Why I have different results?

I started my demo at the same time like you. All settings are default.

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/rufus/mc-p14/55515

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
So far i have profits on these 3 EA.

1-phantom14_add_03_taz_extrenaddinterval_externallinprofit

2-Ph14_wrongwaygravy_taz_01

3-Phantom_addsix_02

thank you,they are great.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
looks like you're new to this forum, make sure u have all 14 pairs show in your

market watch window.

create notepad .set file and save pairs listed below, then put in symbolsets folder.

save as "basket14.set" >>> or something like that.

after that right click in market data window>> sets >> basket14

EURUSD

GBPUSD

USDJPY

USDCHF

AUDUSD

GBPCHF

GBPJPY

NZDUSD

EURCHF

EURGBP

CHFJPY

AUDJPY

EURJPY

NZDJPY

GBPCHF should be at ideal spread of 4.0 >> just my opinion.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Of course I have all 14 pairs

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
u sure have many floating trades, try changing maxmargintouse,

your acct is 2000, but only open trade at .01

maybe having difficulty reaching propct target.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Classic error, it appears you are using a standard account with a very small balance (for a standard account).

Understand that 0.01 lots on a standard account is not like 0.01 on a mini account.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Just for clarification, MC, are you using a IBFX mini account with 50:1 leverage and writing the EAs for that set up? I think that is the case and many brokers do not even offer a "mini" account as defined by IBFX where 1 pip equals 1 cent. So, those who do not have the mini account capability should be reducing the MaxMarginToUse setting accordingly on all these EAs. Just because a broker offers 2 decimal place pricing, that does not equate to a mini account. And, as MC said, $2000 is a pretty small account if you are not on a IBFX type mini account.

I am at the beach this week (Fall break from school) with kids and grand kids. That's why I've been so quiet on the thread. You guys probably thought I died or something.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
No!  On the beach, huh, sounds great!

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Here is an extract of email received this week from GoMarkets:

Following our email last week regarding the impact of the new CFTC regulations on residents of the United States of America we would like to clarify the situation and process:

We will no longer be able to accept any new applications from residents of the United States of America US residents with open positions will be required to close all trades by October 18th. We understand that this is not always practical and are somewhat flexible on this date. If you would like to arrange some additional time to finalise your trading with GO Markets, please email info@gomarketsaus.com with your request and we will do our best to assist you

Funds remaining on your GO Markets account will need to withdrawn at a time convenient to you. Please be aware that we can only process withdrawals by bank to bank transfer. In order to request your funds, please complete the withdrawal form available here and send it back to accounts@gomarketsaus.com or by fax on +61396021440

All accounts held by US residents will be set as 'read-only' once trades are finalised. This means that you can continue to login to your account and view trading history and print statements where required END QUOTE

So no more trading in Australia. I guess I'll be moving back to IBFX.

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
thanks for explaination.it clears alot of concerns and thoughts we are all have.

And just remember,ENJOY THE BEACH!!!

Regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
hi , an all ,

Here I show the demo to test

2 ea with different setup

so I'm working on the same account I have changed the magic number and it works.

ea:Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4

magicnumber :777222 is original setup

magicnumber:999333 is setup:

MaxMarginToUse                   =     0.1;

extern double Lots                =     0.1;

extern double ProfitPct           =     0.1;

and as you can see no losers!

ma broker you seein attachments is activtrades uk.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Interesting!

Did you start them at the same time or with a few / many hours in between?

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
I start the test now:

EA:Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4

setup original, and different magicnumber,

ea start with European trading hours, 9 clock vienna

Then with time trade-American, 15 clock vienna

then trade with Asia time, 22 clock vienna.

all to start in the same  account with 2000 usd.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
[Quote = JulesvH; 4092384] Interessant!

Wussten Sie beginnen sie gleichzeitig oder mit ein paar / viele Stunden dazwischen? [/ Quote]

first original start:

11.10.2010 20 Clock viennatime

second MN:99933 start.

12.10.2010 - 10 Clock viennatime

i hope this help-

It was an instinctive act of the emotional....

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Hi  Metacoder

So i just wondering do we have to change the magic number once a while or if we go to live account?

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Hi all,

the ea Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01_fx made 2 cycles with 1.2% up. And the third cycle is in a drawdown of 6%. Bad...

and it has open 5 position on the same parity. And at the minimum 2 orders on the same parity.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
I do not understand your question

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
@ Fredgold. If you want to try this, you have to change the magic number when you attach the EA the first time at the chart. The second EA you attach to the same chart needs a different number. Ones this is done, you don't need to change it, unless you re-attach one of the EA's.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Hi all,

Today Wednesday 13h00 (GMT+2). Start test with Phantom14_Add_03_taz and Ph4_WrongwayGravy_taz_01, leverage 200:1, Demo Account 10.000$, Default Settings...

Will post results.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
No, it seems to me that problem is with some brokers (or with brokers with higher spreads?). I started yesterday 2 new demos with 10000USD and default settings. Please see diferrent results:

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/rufus/mc-ph14-g/55797

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/rufus/mc-ph14-f/55798

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
i have 10 demoaccounts-by activtrades

the works different on all accounts-

has been working differently only if we use different times of day-

you always get different values

broker  and all are different - therefore you can never be the same trades have  not possible-but you can test whether a system working under all market  conditions and positive.

regards vienna

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Fred, the magic number is used by the EA to keep track of the trades, etc, belonging to that EA. There is no need to ever change a magic number unless you are using 2 or more EAs on the same account. In that case each EA must have a unique magic number so that each EA can control it's own trades.

Vienna is running 2 EAs on the same account and thus needs 2 different magic numbers.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
This is the only one of my demos that has really lived up to my expectations so far. It has gained 19% in less than 2 weeks, should be well over 20% by the end of this week. The graph is really nice and the Lowest Margin has been 1187% on my 500:1 account. I will post one last report at the end of this week. After that I will be closing down all my GoMarkets demos and moving to IBFX 50:1 mini demos and The Collective FX 100:1 standard demos.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
May i ask you with how much demo money will you start in IBFX 50:1

and how much with gomarkets fx 100:1?

best regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Hi Frazerd,

Can you post the version you use ? The first from Tazmann or from the-game ?

Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
With IBFX mini account I would probably go live with about $6000. However, I would not hesitate to start with as little as $2000. I will also be running some IBFX demos with smaller starting balances.

I will not be using GoMarkets any longer since the CFTC has asked their Australian counterpart to not allow US citizens to trade with Australian brokers unless they have $10,000,000 in assets. Yes, that's 10 million and I'm afraid I'm not in that catagory yet.

The 100:1 leveraged account will be a demo only, initially, with TheCollectiveFX, which is a US organization - not really a broker - so they can offer 100:1 leverage and not be in trouble with CFTC

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
I believe it is the Tazmann original, but I changed MaxMarginToUse to 0.1 for my 500:1 demo account.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Thanks a lot Frazerd, will test it....

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Frazerd

I never had any good experience with PHantom14-Add02-taz.

right now i run it again on a demo standard $3000 with lavrage 200:1

no trade after more than an hour.i dont know why?

i hope you can give me some advice about that.

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Download the one I just uploaded and use that. With a 200:1 account you could probably increase the MaxMarginToUse. The one I just uploaded works very well on a 500:1 account.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
i used yours here and put MaxMArginTouse:0.2,lets what is happening!

thanks

Fred

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
no luck with phantom14_add02_taz.i have it in 2 different accounts.no trade at all after 3 hours.i dont know what is wrong?

regards

fred

_

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Fredgold, I will try tomorrow morning the version uploaded by Frazed and I'll tell you if it works ok on my 200:1 demo account.

Anyway, do you let EA running all time, no matter Red News or Weekend Gaps?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Yes, I have mine on a VPS and it runs all the time.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
i just started it today,no trade so far.

quote=Caillou;4094416]Fredgold, I will try tomorrow morning the version uploaded by Frazed and I'll tell you if it works ok on my 200:1 demo account.

Anyway, do you let EA running all time, no matter Red News or Weekend Gaps?

Thank you[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Perfect. Will try tomorrow and if all is ok next week I'll uploaded it to my VPS too.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
So you are using 2 EAs, hmmm, I've never thought of doing that.

Very good results too... around 3.9% gain in less than 3 days.

*** EDIT: But then again, isn't it the same as running one EA and just doubling your MaxMarginToUse and ProfitPct variables?

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Ahh!  Yes this makes more sense to test it this way.

So will you be using 3 gravy EA's with differing MagicNumber's on the same account for these three trading sessions?

I like how you think vienna :-)

Because I've been trying to figure out good trading times within just one EA, when all this time I could of just had seperate EAs handling different trading sessions.

My idea wouldn't work that great because one EA trading leg might cover more than just one trading session.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Boy that took forever, was in dd for 7 days, and big dd at that, basket finally just closed with the nice audusd move doing most of the work.

my original taz add mod linked on myfxbook.

With that nastiness out of the way, i'll continue to let it run, trying to think of ways to keep it out of such a mess again

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
finally works well phantom14-add02-taz

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
ahhh hehehehe... ahhh hohoho...ahh hahaha

mine just exploded, maybe over leveraging, using default setting on gomkt500:1

I believe others maybe have fall under the same circumstance.
http://www.mt4i.com/users/gomkt5_phan14add2taz

Brokers who apparently will continue to accept new U.S. clients
http://forums.babypips.com/rate-my-b...tml#post223230

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Thanks for that link. I will be looking into some of those. But I will also be testing these EAs on IBFX 50:1 to see if we can still make money with US brokers.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Here's the report I am always started yesterday with the start of trading.

see for yourself-

I leave it running and will report on-

see the attachments-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
hi ,

account stardet 1000 usd from 08-10- 2010

ea: Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4

setup - original - from MetaCoder-

i have increasing account-

Here's the report I am always started yesterday with the start of trading.

see for yourself-

I leave it running and will report on-

I test all sorts of different accounts and money supply

this ea has NOT NOT destroyed any account the dropdown differ-

however, no margin call and nowhere do I test to 10 account ..

you  should all laugh at me, I'm only 47 years old and yet I understand it  does not like the ea individual trades, and then he does all at once  with tp ..

You must really laugh at me... http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gifhttp://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gifhttp://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gifhttp://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Hi Vienna,

What do you mean by "this ea has destroyed any account", your max DD was less 5% ?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
sorry for my english,

this ea have NOT  NOT NOT destroyed any account"

i am a german speaker...

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
A lot of problems with my internet connection so impossible to test it yet. Just begin test on my VPS with Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01, 10.000$ Demo Account, 200:1, Default Settings.

Vienna, have you experienced less DD with running 3 times PhWrongway at 9h00, 15h00 and 22h00 ?

Best Regards

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
hello see the picture-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
ouch! not so much gain overnight either... let it run and let's see what it's really capable of :-)

You'll probably get more action next Tuesday/Wednesday.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
have as you can see, all brought into line 3 even though the start times has begun with various trade- 3 basket all the same-

you see the basket, the rule that he is equal to activate the clutch basket-

I wonder if it is achieved when tp the start moved back to the 3 trading hours ......http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon5.gifhttp://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon5.gif

regards vienna

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Impossible to make the EA run on my VPS, ahhhhhh, will change my VPS.....

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
not wisdom,

see the picture 3 eas have many drowdown-
http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon5.gifhttp://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon5.gifhttp://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon5.gif.........

see you later..

vienna

all my account have 10 - 20 % Drowtown-

is this normal ?

what they say ?

my realaccount have also leverage 400:1 by activtrades

is dangerous or nothing?

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
The idea of starting 3 ea's with different magic number at different times is good. You see different values for Phantom buy GU, EU etc. The open different trades at different times.

But after the first equity pop, they all start fresh at the same time!

So the all the 3 ea's have the same values for the phantom trades, they the same real trades at the same. So after the equity pop it has become ONE ea with 3x the lotsize.

Maybe someone should put a delay in the EA.

So after reaching the Equity profit target, one EA should start immediatly. The second should start 2 (?) hours later and the third should start 4 (?) hours later.

EDIT: Does somebody know how to build in a delay for starting the EA again for X hours after it has reached a $ profit target/equity pop?

If I just got that piece of code and a suggestion where to put it I can do it myself (for the Phantom_14_Add02_taz)

THANKS IN ADVANCE

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
But each EA will reach the profit at different times so start with a new basket at different times, not the 3 EA´s at the same time or maybe I´m wrong ?

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
I think you're wrong. The EA's have the same profit. (0,5 % of the balance) Ok, there can be a few cents difference, but that is too little. Look at Vienna's latest picture. Look at the three $ profit targets, look at the equity profit targets, look at phantom values for the pairs, look at the Phantom PL and the EA PL. They are all near the same!!! Because after the first $ equity target is reached, they all start again at the SAME time.

That's why I'm looking for a delay.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
You´re right, I can´t see Vienna´s pictures well. Each EA must have then a profit target not base on equity balance, otherwise you don´t have any advantage of starting at different times....

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Look at the picture -

Who can start a time-install -

if the EA is completed

First start of Europe 9 clock

15 second clock start america

asia third start clock 22

can us help sir MetaCoder ? please..

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Hi All,

I confess to being new to this thread but I have read each and every post on the 75 pages so I understand the strategy.

I loaded Phantom14_Add_02.taz this morning and to my delight a 4.8K demo account has gone from -60 to +120 profit in a few hours. As I haven't changed anything though I would have expected it to close out at +49 profit when it hit the 1% gain.

Have I missed something?

Thanks for the great work here - this obviously has legs one way or another.

Rich

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
my experience after running the

ea: Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4 better,try yourself

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Vielen Dank Vienna - such a shame as it was 200+ up at one stage but is now -300 hours later.

Grusse

Rich

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Rich, are you looking at floating PL when you say it is +120? It is hard to answer your question without more info and maybe a screenshot of your screen comments. The EA should close when EQUITY is .5%, or whatever you have set for ProfitPct, above Last Flat Equity. The screen comments show your Last Flat Equity and your current Equity, plus a Dollar Profit Target at which it will close. It is all based on Equity, not floating PL.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Here is the test with the 3 EA-

everything in tp!

although large Drowtown you see the last pickture-

the ea is very good.http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gifhttp://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon10.gif

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
hello an all,

i have test you see original setup but

TP 5 - !

stardet  today-

see the attachments-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
This is the only one I'm happy with.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_02.htm

Note that I switched up the pairs traded just for fun.  Still a set of six.

Lowest margin so far has been 813%.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Hello MetaCoder,

Your statement has the title Phantom add6 01, not 02.

Is it just a typo?

I also like the Phantom add6 02taz.

The DD in the Phantom add6 EAs is much easier on my nerves.

Thanks for your effort.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
It only reflects the fact that I started the account with ver 01.  I switched to 02 later, and that's when the graph's line started that nice steady upward slope.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
I liked it too, on a 500:1 leverage has 9.4% max floating DD & lowest margin of 962%
http://www.mt4i.com/users/gomkt500_phanaddsix2

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
I am very satisfied with the performance of this one on 500:1 leverage and MaxMargin 0.1. It got into a pretty good DD Thursday and Friday and did not reach 20% profit as I had expected, but it also has not been below 1187% margin level. And check out the graph!

But now I have to shift my thinking to 50:1 leverage, since I can no longer trade with GoMarkets. I put this one on a IBFX 50:1 demo Thursday with OOTB 0.4 MaxMargin. It's looking pretty good for just 2 days.

I will start a new 50:1 demo tomorrow with Phantom_AddSix_02 also.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
What MaxMargin are you using on this one, MC?

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Hello Mr. Metacoder,

they write here that they only use this variant Phantom_AddSix_02.htm

satisfied.

I would like to ask the results of EA:Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4

to be considered.

on both accounts, the profit factor is not so much bad.

EA:Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4  if only one was fun, it's perfect.

but I wonder what it is?

the leverage is 400:1?

It is the starting time?

is it the broker?

it can be improved if we combine both variants?

ask, ask, ask,http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon5.gif

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
0.2, same as what I uploaded, I believe.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01 never had a full closure on my 50:1 demo.  If it's working well for others, I'm most pleased.  One of my main missions is to dumbfound the "automatic trading doesn't work" crowd.  But another is to identify the best EA for myself.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
hello,

My mission is the same.

but I'm not a programmer.

so I thank them.

I provide ideas and reviews.

I understood that the EA:Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4

not considered as bad?

sory for my english...http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon13.gif.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
You will recall that my report at end of last week above showed a $500(+) DD and the EA did not make it to 20% profit in 1 week. It came back strong tonight, closing twice and going above the 20% mark.

My new 50:1 demo has also closed tonight and is looking good.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Phantom_AddSix_02.htm

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
all 3 ea in the same time stardet- europe time beginn asien session -

and see the pickture -

all ea another pairs -?

ask,ask,ask,....

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
all the same -

3 ea stardet different.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
I have been testing this for 5 weeks and have a nice steady 21% profit.  Is anyone else testing this EA.  I have now gone live with a small account will advise in due course.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Hi all,

After some problems with internet and vps, start trying Basket 14_02 (don´t know why but I fell safer with basket ea´s than phantom ea´s) and first exact 1% target 5 hours later (veeeery quickly). Let´s see how it goes.....

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
My 50:1 demo is doing very well.

Started a Phantom_AddSix_02 50:1 demo last night. No closing yet, just 2 trades so far, both winners.

WrongWayGravy 50:1 closed twice this morning, once for a loss, probably due to fast moving market and numerous trades to close. Second close was a profit and net gain is 1% since starting last Thursday.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Hello MetaCoder please explain

EA  Phatom_AddSix_02  original-

expects profit-dollar profit target 20,33 usd-

you see the picture the ea not closed -

what is the target for the profit ?

and what is the system from the pairs?

please  i am not understand...

i see ,i see.....

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Hi Basket people,

Great thread, I've been following for a few months, and getting some nice profits.

Is there any you guys can post all the newer EAs (especially the Phantom ones) on the first page, like you did with the Basket versions, as it will be easier to find the updates. I have been running the Gravy version for a wk, now 7% in profit, but I wanted to try the add6 and add02 and taz versions too and had to spend a good 10-15 minutes trying to page through 70 some pages to find some of them. Still can't find addsix01.

Would be greatly appreciated, and keep up the good work, GREAT JOB guys!

Pippete

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Hello MetaCoder,

I am using your Phantom_add6_02 with a great success on my live account. Thanks again for all your work you share with us.

I have a question/suggestion.

Would it be possible to make this EA so it is invisible to the broker?

I think this would make the EA perfect.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Vienna, your screen comments tell the story. Your Last Flat Equity was 2033.15. That could have been left from a previous EA running on the same account. If so, you can change it from the Extras tab at the top of the page - Extras > Global Variables or F3 key. Change the Last Flat Equity to your current Equity.

The Dollar Profit Target is 20.33 and that gives you a Equity Profit Target of 2053.48. The EA will close when your Equity exceeds 2053.48 unless you change the Last Flat Equity.

You are also showing a Lowest Margin % of 48.66%, which could also be left from a previous EA with the same Magic Number. You can also change that using the F3 key to reflect your current Margin Level.

The problem is that all our EAs have the same Magic Number, so when you put a new EA on a platform that had previously been running another of these EAs, it will pick up the Global Variables that are pre-existing on the platform.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Since I have no idea what that means, the answer is no.

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
He probably means does it use stop or limit orders for entry or TP/SL orders for exit.

The answer is still no.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
MC, have you given any thought to using the taz strategy on AddSix_02? Require all previous trades to be winners and take a opposite trade on biggest loser if it's one of the 6 pairs.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
PipPete,

Just click the PaperClip at the top of each page to find all files. Select the "Hide Images".  What is listed are all of the most recent files and EAs.  No need to search.  Put this into your personal bag of tricks.

KingHigh

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
MetaCoder,

Invisible to the broker;

The broker doesn't see the magic number or comments.

So it is not clear at first glance that this is an EA trading.

A few EAs are designed this way.

Some EAs have a "hidden/invisible" TP and SL also.

I am sure that some of the more experienced traders/coders will be able to explain in more detail. Anybody?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
I haven't seen that permutation of the strategy work well with my own eyes. I don't like it.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
There are NO stoplosses. Profit levels ARE invisible.

I like to keep magic numbers and comments but it is a simple matter to take them out if you wish because you have the source code.

How do you know the bröker sees the magic numbers and the comments?  [EDIT] What was I thinking, of course the broker's servers see the magic numbers and comments.  However I believe even if they are left out of the function calls, the broker can still see you're trading with an EA.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
It sure has worked well for me on the 500:1 account and has gotten off to a good start on IBFX 50:1, as well, but too early to get excited about yet.

Ref requiring previous trades to be positive, I am looking at a good example of why we might want to do that. The AddSix_02 demo that I started last night now has 7 trades, all GBPCHF and only 1 of those is a winner. The pair has been the biggest winner for several hours, but is not going anywhere except slightly down.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
That's great but I won't be pursuing it further.  It steps outside the safer framework of the balanced hedge and I've already seen how a reversal can catch a batch of trades and send the equity down.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
thank you frazerd,

for their help,

I understand better.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Hi MataCoder

it seems some of the EA here have a great profitmaking performance.

after few weeks testing in the demo account,of course i would like to opena live account.

1-My question is if I prefer to open an small live account with for example $500, which parameters in setting should i change to have a very small profit to avoid just in case a big loss and margin call??

2-Or if there is no answer for the first question what is the minumum account size we should have to avoid wipe out and margin call??

I hope I'm explaining it well.

Best regards

fred

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Hi

If you dont mind just for info as a reffrence,can you tell us what is the account size and broker you use?

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Fredgold,

Live account with ActivTrades, Standard $5,000, leverage 200:1

Margin 0.4 Profit% 0.5

Margin 0.4 trades 0.4 lot, Profit 0.5% = $25.00 TP

This may be too conservative.

MetaCoder will probably know better.

I am testing the EA also on a couple of demo accounts with different, more aggressive margin and profit%.

In mean time, I am extremely happy to be conservative on my live account.

Edit: Margin 0.4 trades 0.04 lot; not 0.4 lot. Sorry, my typo mistake.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
all of my taz perform well at start, but eventually the DD will multiply to the point that's not feasible in real acct.
http://www.mt4i.com/users/gettingb14/portfolio

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
At this point I'll just reiterate my recommendation to noobs to try out Basket14_Add_02 in a demo account for starters.  It's "safer" (if anything can be safe in this market LOL) than many of the permutations floating around in the thread that I've tried.  My 1 month performance has been good with steady gains and low drawdowns.

It looks like Phantom_AddSix_02 is the most promising of the phantom series so I'm starting that up on my other demo account this evening.

So before getting all excited and funding live accounts to run these EAs, do yourself a favor and demo for a couple of months.  It takes some reading, but go through this thread and you'll be able to find which variants have promise and which do not.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Thanks a lot KingHigh.. Getting, thanks for posting your portfolio. I had the same problem with the taz versions, but man, look at your Phantomaddsix1-  ~40% in less than 3 wks? that is huge! what was your max DD on that, if you don't mind? Did you use min lots? (looks like it)

I'm testing that version right now..

THanks,

PipPete

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
gomkt500_phanaddsix1 dd=41.27%

gomkt500_phanaddsix2 dd=9.36%

g5_phanaddsix02taz dd=21.49%(check every 15min with added script below)

(TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 0 || TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 15 || TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 30 || TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 45) &&

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Here is another screenshot of Phantom_AddSix_02. It now has 11 trades, all GBPCHF and all losers. You may remember from the screenshot I posted this morning that GBPCHF was the biggest winner at +$2.17. At 2300 it was still the biggest winner. It is now at $1.71 and it looks like EURGBP has moved up to take over as biggest winner, but EURGBP is not one of the 6 pairs we are adding so GBPCHF will continue to be my only pair. Seems to me that puts my account well outside the framework of the balanced hedge and if the GBPCHF continues it's upward move and accelerates, I will have 11 trades that will become big losers rather than small ones and it will send my equity way down.

I guess my point is that none of these EAs stays within the framework of a balanced hedge. The profit comes from being out of balance in the right direction. But we have yet to come up with a system that ensures we are always on the right side of a big move, so regardless of which EA we are using there is always that chance of getting into a low equity situation. As you can see from my screenshot, AddSix_02 is certainly not low-equity-proof.

Just my thoughts on the matter for what they're worth.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Fredgold,

I just noticed that in my post #1155 I have a typo.

Margin 0.4 trades 0.04 lot; not 0.4 lot

Sorry

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
hello ,

you see  the Ea mixed the pairs,

this is account stardet demo 3000 usd, and next account stardet yesterday 2000 usd.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
hello frazerd,

you see my picture, the same ea is on the chart different to you -

i have not pairs in the chart -

i have original setup metacoder,

and what for setup have you?

Doing something wrong?

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
EA better for me Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4

11/10/10 demo account 100:1 MaxMarginToUse 0.4 - 0.1 Lots - ProfitPct 1.3 (1.3 for a minimum of 15euro profit)

initial capital 1.185

today 1.790 +51.10%  (Max Drawdown -48.31% -605.75)
Thank you all for the work done here.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
I will try this setting.

thank you for your message.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
hello!

For me Phantom14_Add_02.taz is doing the best but it needs some fixes

First thing i noticed is that it is sometimes openig duble trades(same pair) at the same time (few seconds apart).  It needs another check for this.

Next i would like to change equity profit target for normal profit target so i could use more copys of the EA (with lower maxmargintouse)  with diferent Magicnumber and diferent start times.

At the moment i am testing this aproach on 4 diferent accounts (diferent start time) and it looks good. Never have all 4 accounts sufered a big DD at the same time.

Hope someone with programing skills could help me.

Boki

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
I started again with different trading hours-

Asia europe america

I have this marked in-ea: Phantom_AddSix_02

when they see the picture they know everything-

I will report-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
I got lucky and ended up on the right side of the move. AddSix_02 closed 16 GBPCHF sell trades for 1% profit.

I am now tracking all 3 of my 50:1 demos in one excel book, each EA has it's own tab. Add_02-taz, which started last Thursday is doing the best of the 3 so far with 4% profit and Lowest Margin 316%, lowest of the 3 because it is a smaller account ($2000)

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
I will continue to run this one and report on it.. we will see how long it can continue to pull in these profits.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
The hedge is not always in place in terms of open trades. But if the wind shifts before profit is reached, the other side of the hedge will be exploited to open new trades.  So I'll stick to my position that the EAs' underlying strategies (except for the "wrongway/taz" tactic) are within the framework of a balanced hedge.  A glance at the open trades often doesn't reveal the hedge.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
MC, you can change "Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01" with this rule:

if a trade value reached 5% EQUITY PROFIT TARGET closes this

and simultaneously closed a trade at a loss closer to -4% EQUITY PROFIT TARGET

This is to recover the margin available for new trades with a gain +1%

If you think this is a bad idea to ignore this post.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
I CAN, but it's better if you do it.  If an idea for a trading tactic isn't worth learning to code it, it might not be a good idea you really believe in.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
MC

If i want to have a very small risk and of course small profit with small live account,should i change all thses 3?

1-maxmargintouse

2-lot

3-profitpac

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Just 1 and 3.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
+18% in 2 weeks on your Phantom_Add_02, looking good.

I'm sorry if you've already mentioned these, but what type of account are you trading? And what are your MaxMarginToUse and ProfitPct settings, if you don't mind me asking?

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Hi MC,

As a member well noticed, this ea sopmetimes open very very similar trades. maybe it needs to fix the check for that.

Moreover there is a problem with the close of trades. As you can see on the report, there are trades which were opened several days ago, and still there. But there was a new cycle with new trades.

Please can you help or fix or explain ?

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
I bumped your default from .2 to .4 on MaxMarginToUse, and the rest is default.

the cycle tend to reach the 1% target faster if your spreads are low, then the next cycle can begins.

Dukascopy seems like a good alternative for US residents, low spreads + commission, no fifo and hedging restriction.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
dukascopy wont offer mt4, so u'd have to use the bridge from mt4 to duka to trade this, or MC will have to convert to jscript

I did watch the spreads on duka for quite awhile last month, while testing the mql to jscript converter, and I didn't really notice that they were any better than my gomarket live account.  Still the same end of day and before weekend spikes in spread, and the average was never any lower either.  Of course I can't trade with GO anymore, but those that can i still recommend.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Sorry I won't address any issues with taz versions.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
boy, starting to feel like a black sheep around here lol

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
You shouldn't feel that way taz!  It's just that I have enough on my hands comprehending the tactics I evolved in my own way.

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
ya it's ok, was mostly just teasing.  A least i've always said time will tell on the mod ideas i had, and never promised anything

My longer running add02 mod finally blew up today, so that proves that

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
This one is still going strong.  The statement says ver 01 which is what it started out as, but it's been running 02 for some time -- since the equity line took off in such a nice straight fashion.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_02.htm

~~

I switched this one where I was only trading 3 pairs to Phantom_AddSix_01 and it did some good things.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_01.htm

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
I see that you had that on relatively low risk settings, what was your max floating DD%?

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
yeah i went ahead and added the addsix as well to a demo, just left it all default and will see where it stands after awhile.  it's dead flat right now and nothin going on again yet after the last pop hehe

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
i have been reading this thread with great interest, right now i am demoing basket_add_v2

may be this is a stupid question. out of 14, can we remove some and make a list of 8 or 10 ? i want to avoid initial drawdown due to spreads. without effecting the hedge aspect. somehow i dont like NZD, AUD pairs

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
roundrock, a very tiny amount of reading of the thread should quickly reveal the better EAs.  I won't be removing anything as it stands as a learning experience for some, myself included.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Frazerd

Regarding these EA we have had here untill now in this thread,it seems and according to my demo accounts with different brokers for atlest 2 weeks, Phantom-addsix-02 has a suuccessful performance.

I just wondering what does this EA do, to have a great performance?

Is it just adds new winning trade every 15 minutes and closes the looser ones?

Since you have explained few times the details of my questions,i'll be very appriciated if you do answer this one too.

thank you

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
none of MC's eas (ones not modded by others here including myself) take trades every 15mins that I know of.  It should only be taking new trades once per hour at the top of the hour.

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
hello tazmaan,

please see

what they want -

There is already here ...

See the pictures

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
this is a account with

2 ea- PH14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01 Start

first magicnumber 777222

second magicnumber 999333

data:

first - 777222

MaxMarginToUse : 0.4

Lots: 0.1

ProfitPct: stardet 0.5 - and from 18.10 1.3

LargestFloatingLoss: -2267.39

LastFlatBal: 10054.1

LastFlatEq:9664.33

LowestMarginLevel:418.99

MaxFloatingDrawdown: -24.46

second- 999333

MaxMarginToUse : 0.2

Lots: 0.1

ProfitPct: stardet 0.5 - and from 18.10 1.3

LargestFloatingLoss: -200.77

LastFlatBal: 9285.16

LastFlatEq:9302.35

LowestMarginLevel:745.66

MaxFloatingDrawdown: -2.16

and see the attachments -the ea works open in the hour-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
MC,

I read all the posts, downloaded  Basket14_Add_02 and Basket14_Add_01

01 says add will be 1/10 of use lot

02 is using same lot as original lot. there is no AddLot here.

if we are adding same lot size (in 02) then the hedge factor of all trades will be greatly tilted. if we use 1/10 then its ok.

am i reading it correctly or missing something ?

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Daily report - up 29.3% in less than 3 weeks - lowest margin 1187.63%
GoMarkets 500:1 - MaxMargin = 0.1, ProfitPct = 0.5

All you non-US folks who can still use 500:1 leverage should be taking a serious look at this EA.

Great work, Taz. The people who have reported big DDs and low margin levels with this EA must be using more aggressive settings.

I wish it was doing this well on my IBFX 50:1 account. It is still doing well on that account, but not nearly as prolific.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
I have similar results account is 400:1

What do you recommend aggressive settings ?

MaxMargin = 0.1, Original is 0.4 this higher?

ProfitPct = 0.5 i have this with 1.3 it is enough?

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
ibfx accumulated large amount of pips for only just 3day of testing, in comparison to gomarkets - almost equal in term of pips? anyone knows the reasons behind this?

it would be a match made in heaven if we could have high return and high pips count - at least for people that create and sells EA for a living.

http://www.mt4i.com/users/ibfx50_phanaddsix2
http://www.mt4i.com/users/gomkt500_phanaddsix2

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
The Maxmargin settings need to be appropriate for the leverage. With this EA (phantom_Add_02-taz) 0.1 seems to be perfect for 500:1 leverage. The smaller the leverage the larger MaxMargin can be and remain safe. Although I used the term aggressive settings, that doesn't mean you should increase the MaxMargin. I think some people reporting on this thread may be using the default 0.4 on 500:1 and 400:1 accounts. That is aggressive and is probably the reason for their poor performance reports.

I cannot tell you how to set your account, because I have not tested other settings. However, it would seem reasonable to assume that if 0.1 is good for 500:1, then 0.2 may work for 400:1, 0.3 for 300:1, 0.4 for 200:1, etc. The only way to know for sure is to test it and see what happens.

I am using the default 0.4 on my 50:1 account and that is working, but not as well as the 500:1 account. After this week I will probably try increasing it to 0.5 and then to 0.6. However, there is a point of no return at the lower leverage levels. You have to keep watching the lowest margin and make sure it does not get to an unacceptable level. I believe MC has stated that 200 - 300% is acceptable for 100:1 and 50:1 leverage. And, of course, the size of the account will also influence the lowest margin level. The more money you have, the less the MaxMargin setting will affect lowest margin.

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
I understand what to write

thanks for the very good information,

they are always really nice when you have a question.

thank you.

best regards and have a very nice day..

vienna

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Taz is correct. That EA checks once every hour to see what phantom trade is the biggest winner. If the biggest winner is one of the 6 pairs (EURCHF, EURJPY, CHFJPY, GBPCHF, GBPUSD, USDCHF) it places a real trader for that pair. It continues to do that until the Equity is ProfitPct (1.0 default) above Last Flat Equity. Then it closes all trades for the specified profit and starts over again.

These EAs never close just losers. They always wait until the sum of losers and winners is positive and always close for profit, never for loss. Having said that I must also warn that in a fast moving market, if there are a large number of trades to close, it can result in a loss, even though there was a profit when the EA started closing.

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Thank You Frazer

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
1.0 is the default for ProfitPct.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
I have already edited that post to correct it.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Yesterday I picked up on getting's post in reference to doubling the default MaxMargin on Phantom_AddSix_02 and did the same on my demo. It closed very quickly thereafter for another 1% profit. Thanks for the tip getting.

My Phantom14_Add_02-taz demo has gotten into one of those long, many trade situations and hasn't closed for about 24 hours. I have increased MaxMargin to 0.5 on that one. It is a small $2000 account so that could be overkill. Wait and see.

WrongWayGravy was not performing satisfactorily, so I have discontinued that demo and eliminated it from this report.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
hello frazerd,

i am not understand this,

you see the report.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
If this EA can perform as it has been with the getting setting (ha), and stay safe, we have got a good one here.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
hello ,

i have a test :

setting:

0.4,

0.1,

1.3 and tp10

itis very nice..

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
You are using 400:1 leverage, frazerd is trying it with 50:1, which is what we US traders will have to live with.

There is much discussion on this board about how high leverage levels don't help you if you don't know how to trade.  But if you do know how to trade, higher leverage levels let you use more aggressive strategies and if you really really know what you're doing, you'll make more money that way without blowing your account.

My move toward the package of tactics we call Phantom_AddSix is with 50:1 in mind.  To do well with that leverage level, we have to be extremely efficient and pretty doggone sophisticated.  And we still have to stand ready to adjust to further changes in the terms dictated to small account retail traders.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
hello ,

Thanks for the explanation,

they really help me understand everything very well.

I would still like to test them one:
Phantom_AddSix_02 3 EA

Always start with trading hours: viennatime 9 Europa, 15 Amerika, 22 Asien

setup:

0.2,

0.1,

1.3-

and sorry for my english...

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Vienna, I get what you're doing with the three unique-magic-number instances of the EA.  That's obviously a very effective way to use the strategy.  Smart!

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
MC, you asked me to look at which pairs contribute the most to closing in the phantom EAs. I have put together some figures for you using only the results from my 500:1 Phantom14_Add_02-taz. I used that one because it has, by far, the most trades and most closings.

The results are very interesting. I looked only at the biggest winner and 2nd biggest winner of each closing and, since this is a taz EA, I had to determine whether the trades were RightWay trades or WrongWay.

Of the 88 biggest and 2nd biggest trades, 60 were wrong way trades. That is almost 70% and I think that is significant. Maybe we need to reverse the phantom buys and sells as a first step.

The top 3 BUY contributors were GBPUSD with 7 1st places and 6 2nd places of which 8 were wrong way trades. Next was EURJPY with 6 1st and 5 2nd places of which 5 were wrong way. Third was GBPJPY with 6 1st and 3 2nds of which 8 were wrong way.

The top 3 SELL contributors were EURUSD with 6 1st and 7 2nd places of which 9 were wrong way trades. Next was AUDUSD with 7 1st and 4 2nd places of which 7 were wrong way. Third was GBPCHF with 5 1st and 3 2nd places of which 5 were wrong way.

I hope this will be useful information since I spent a lot of time sifting it out.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
I am not sure what you are doing with this one vienna. Does tp10 mean you have ProfitPct set to 10? The screen comments show a Dollar Profit Target of only $15, which would not be even close to 10% of last flat equity ($1229).

It is making a nice profit and the graph is beautiful, but the lowest margin has been 255%, which is very low for a 400:1 leveraged account. Maybe that figure is left from a previous EA??

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Yes it could turn out to be very useful, thank you!

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
VERY useful Frazerd, thanks for your awesome research and time you've put in to this.

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Frazer,

Thanks so very much for your work. Awesome!

Regards

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Since I put Add_Six_01 on this account, it's looking good.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_01.htm

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Or trade only Wrong Way trades and not Right Way.

This might also give us some insight as to why the WrongWayGravy EA did poorly. We were cashing in 70% of the winners and there were not enough left to ever reach a close-all.

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Frazerd, I'd agree with you... for now, but who's to say that the market will continue with that direction?

For now I'm expanding MC's iterations on the AddSix_02 EA (i.e. using different pairs, even using 3 pairs perfectly hedged) as that EA seems the safest and best performing out of all the EAs here.

So far, I'm getting okay results, but as always time will tell.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Hi guys,

It has been a long time since I posted on this forum.  But I have been watching and reading this thread with interest.  I love the concept of the basket trade.  And in particular how you are applying it with the Phantom series of EA's.

I have been trialling the Phantom_Addsix_02 live on a small IBFX mini account and my observations are as follows:

1/  I note that there may be a small bug - I am currently getting two pairs open on the hour sometimes, both on the same side of the hedge (G/U and E/J).  This has occurred several times, but not every hour when one or the other has opened.  Also commented on by Vienna.

2/  I think it is destablizing to the trade pattern (I am not referring to the basket hedge) when a large move is made in a single pair between the hourly check by the EA for the biggest winning pair.  So for example Cable moved up rapidly over 1300/1400 GMT yesterday (20th Oct) - this meant that the EA is taking only trades on this pair but it has missed all the big move up (intra hour action).  It then starts taking trades, even though the price action is pulling back and all the existing cable trades are currently negative.  I believe Frazerd alluded to this also.

With a very large move on one pair within the six tradable pairs if there is a subsequent and sustained pull back we may find the EA going into some level of drawdown before the other side of the hedge is able to counter balance - since it is forced to only trade that pair until it gets a pair from the other side of the hedge to become the biggest winning pair (but I guess this will depend on your initial risk plan).

Possible solution:  have the EA check every 15 minutes and trade 1/4 size contracts for similar margin and spread risk.  Also have the EA only add positions when all previous positions are profitable only (as in some of the other versions), this is less likely to negatively impact the results as the EA would be checking every 15 minutes.  The dd will also be contained as a result.

I guess there is nothing really new in my comments - but felt it worth summarising and the fact that others have touched on these points also.  I am not a programmer, so am limited to observations.

I think you guys are doing an excellent job - love the effort and the energy.

Tim

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
hi timmy,

the intra-hour spike it could help you also. i mean it could go in yr direction and help you reach the target quickly.

however theres nothing wrong checking every 30 min or 15 min. its easy fix to do

welcome to the thread

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
I agree Roundrock, but I was referring to the situation where it makes a big move intra-hour prior to being the most profitable pair and so does not register any trades until the next check by the EA at the top of the hour.  This has happened yesterday on cable.  Now it is sitting on eight loosing positions - having just taken another a few minutes ago (since it is obviously still the most 'winning/profitable' pair).  This will mean the EA will take some time to 'dig' itself out of this DD hole - unless the price action continues back higher.

Tim

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
sorry,for the incorrect representation-

here's the setup

extern int    Slippage         =       3;

extern int    MiniSize         =   10000;

extern int    StdSize          =  100000;

extern int    PipTarget4Add    =      10;

extern int    PipTarget4Reverse =    -10;

extern double MaxMarginToUse      =     0.4;

extern double Lots                =     0.1;

extern double ProfitPct           =     1.3;

extern double MaxMiniProfit       =  1000.0;

extern double MaxStdProfit        = 10000.0;

extern int    MagicNumber         =  777666;

I will continue to inform-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
lesser pips = more efficiently at reaching 1% target.

for US trader - find non US broker with similar 500:1 leverage, min position size of .01, no commission, and then copy trades(copytool) from GoMkt to non Us broker: that would be like trading with GoMkt in a sense.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Closed 4 more times last night. Up 31% in less than 3 weeks.

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Hi Frazerd,

I´ve try a lot of times to make work Phantom_Add_02_taz on my VPS, all seems correct but not trades taken, in "experts" tab I can see the trades but in "trades" tab, no real trades, and balance not move.

Outside my VPS with the same broker no problem, but in my VPS (I have try with 2 different VPS), it doesn´t open trades.

Any idea? I love this ea but I need it to work on VPS.....

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
OK.. now I understand.. thanks

The Lowest Margin % is the only concern.

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
I have no idea why a VPS would make any difference. All my demos are running on VPS???

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Caillou, give us some screen shots of your MT4 platform with the screen comments.. maybe we can see something there that will help.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Now, with my broker, outside my VPS, no trades too.... I don´t understand...all settings default, unless Maxmargintouse: 0.4, 10.000$ demo account, leverage 200:1.

As you can see in the picture, in "expert" tab we see "Reversing a GBP/CHF short", but the trade was not open as you can see in picture 2.

I´m doing something wrong sure, but I don´t know what....

Thanks a lot for your help

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
regarding the bug you mentioned, its not a bug, i checked the code. at the top of the hour it places order for the biggest phantom winner. just one symbol only. it doesnt order a 'hedge' pair. so when you start the EA, initailly you may have only one order. and after 1 hr you may have order on same or a different pair. if its same pair then you are building dependancy on that pair, but good news is its biggest phantom winner. after a while you may have a basket of trades with 1 or 2 or 3 or more pairs.

there is no guarantee that hedge is built here. thats why i always place a stoploss of 200 pips just in case.

the reasn why you see 2 trades on the hour sometimes is, the hour check goes for a full minute, 00 to 59 sec, so during this 60 sec you may have one pair as biggest winner and again another pair as biggest winner. then it places orders for all these pairs. but thats rare

i agree with you on checking more frequently. may be every 15 min or 30  min. also about adding only if all its previous adds are in profit. otherwise theres no use , you are just adding spreads to your PL. more orders, more pips to beat the spread

lets here from the seniors

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Half an hour later, 2 more trades must be opened but not real trades open, why ???????

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
if u don't mind - would u please published your testing on www.mt4i.com

thanks

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Roundrock,

Are you saying you are manually adding a SL of 200 pips to every trade that was entered by the Phantom add6 02 EA?

How long are you testing this?

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
MetaCoder or Frazer,

Do we have statistics on the Largest DD on each pair (per trade)that we are trading  in the Phanton add6 02?

Thank you

How do you feel about Roundrock's SL of 200 pips?

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
no. i modified the EA to have hard stop loss of 200 pips. i never trade without a stoploss

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
I don't believe in showing a bröker the exchange rate at which I'm willing to let him take my money.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
The EA only places trades when a phantom pair is +20 or -20 pips or more. Your first screen shot shows only 1 pair at 20 pips, but if it was not at 20 at the hour or half hour when the EA checks, it would not open a trade. The second shot shows no phantoms - or + 20 pips. That is the reason there are no trades.

Also, be aware that every time you make a change and click OK on the input menu, it resets the pip count back to zero. So if you have looked at it and not made changes, be sure to click Cancel rather than OK. Cancel will not reset to zero.

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Hi Caillou,

The problem could be due to lot size. At line 667, lot size is calculated to have 2 decimal places, your MT4 may not be able to trade lot size with 2 decimal places, eg. 0.12. Try changing the code to only produce 1 decimal place to see if it trades.

Line 667:

UseLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(UseLots,2));

change to,

UseLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(UseLots,1));

Sorry if I'm wrong, I'm just trying to help.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
In 1º picture, GBP/CHF was at more than -20 in half an hour, and this is why in "expert" tab we read "reversing a GBP/CHF short", but not trades taken.

I have try with +/- 5 pips, and nothing, no real trades open, any idea?

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
This message appears, but no trade open.....

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Don't have a clue how to do that.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
I have no idea.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
Some of you are expressing concern that the hedge is not being reliably constructed via real trades.

With Phantom_AddSix_02, it should be more of a concern than with 01.

With Phantom_AddSix_01, all that's required to open a trade on a pair is for its phantom trade to be positive.

However, with ver 02, a pair must have distinguished itself as a biggest phantom winner among all 14 pairs before it will be traded.  No, I'm not going to whittle down to tracking only the 6 pairs.  It seems to me that we shouldn't be worried about trading the other side of the hedge until some of those pairs move strongly enough to distinguish themselves as biggest winners among the larger basket.  When my theory is proven wrong, I'll come up with EAs that deal with it.

I have not tried to make myself the policeman over the noise occurring on the thread, but there is quite a bit.  The main reason I don't is because it's not my place to do it.  Also, traders can learn from seeing theories put to the test.  We all like the freedom to test our ideas openly.  I have strong opinions so when I express them I hope they don't discourage a free exchange of ideas.

Yes I feel you should at least try mightily to figure out how to code an idea if you believe in it.  If you think the idea could make you into a millionaire, why wouldn't you invest the blood, sweat and tears into mastering this little MQ4 programming language?  I know it's not easy but I deeply respect those who at least try.  Frazerd earned my utmost respect through his coding efforts and through his relentless objective analysis of trading results.  I ponder his suggestions carefully since I know he spends much time observing, thinking and sharing his analysis.

It's easy to ask me to implement your ideas but I do my own independent thinking based mostly on data (trading statements) presented on the thread, and only rarely based on someone's suggestions.

______

Next topic -- getting the settings right.

I'm a US trader so I'm stuck with US brokers.  I test with 50:1 leverage.

Based on statements I'm seeing, including my own, I'm going to start using

0.67 for MaxMarginToUse and 1.0 for ProfitPct.  This applies only the the NON-taz Phantom_AddSix EAs.

If I run out of margin with those settings, I'll adjust those two settings downward, proportionally, until my margin is staying safe -- 500% or better is nice.

I'd probably adjust the settings downward as follows.

MaxMarginToUse at 0.335  and ProfitPct at 0.5

MaxMarginToUse at 0.1675 and ProfitPct at 0.25

You may want to try other values but what I'm suggesting is to keep the MaxMarginToUse / ProfitPct ratio at about 0.67.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Caillou, try manually open .01, .53, 1.77, etc. lot size on any pair, see if that's possible.

can't find min lot size on this broker's website.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
getting, did you get a margin call on this?

http://www.mt4i.com/users/gomkt500_phan14add02

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Hi Getting,

Min lot size is 0.05, so with maxmargintouse:0.4, lots will be 0.1.... Any ideas ?

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
try this for kicks:

set usesmallestlot to 'true'

input .05 into the lot input

see if it trades

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
EA probably trying open lot size that's not compatible with your broker, try to find broker with min lot of .01

lots perimeter under maxMarginToUse...uhhh try putting .05 there - not sure.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
yesterday i didn't get margin call, but after u ask me about it, i went back and restart it, and margin call just hit right then and there.

I have to allocate resources to nanningboob; which requires so much.

so I'm currently running Phantom_AddSix_02

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Thank you Tazmaan,

Let´s check in 5 min, put +/- 5pips, let´s see....

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Thank you getting, trying with 0.05.....

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, with usesmallestlot to true and 0.05 trades open.....

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
I've run into issues testing other ea's on tadawulfx, which has the same .05 lot minimum and you can only step the lot size by .05 also.

Maybe at some point MC can add the code in to check a brokers minlot and lotstep, and adjust accordingly.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
MINLOT is already checked in the EAs.  Adding LOTSTEP checks isn't anywhere close to a priority for me so I'm not your man for that.  As always, you all have the source code, modify for your own needs.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
all good

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Quick question for those who run MetaTrader under Windows 7.  Are there any issues?  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
I agree in particular to-

we can not all ideas are programming in an EA.

you lose the goal which we have in the eyes.

I thank them and frazerd, for the hard-working

also thanks for the explanation of the background-

I hope this is a long thread out of them,

please stay with us.

best regards

vienna from austria

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
none at all for me so far.

however i don't have any installed under program files, which i read can cause some permission issues.

otherwise, solid as a rock

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Ah, so avoid installing your client app under Program Files with Windows 7, eh? Thanks taz!

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Here is a new version of Phantom_AddSix.

It has a subtle change from version 02 in an attempt to make it a little more like version 01, yet more efficient than that version. And it won't have the limitation that the biggest winning phantom must be biggest among all 14 pairs as in version 02.

Instead, a winning phantom must only be the largest among the six traded pairs in order for a trade to be opened. In other words, we limit the biggest phantom winner candidates to EURCHF, EURJPY, CHFJPY, GBPCHF, GBPUSD, USDCHF.

This means that as soon as any of these six pairs become positive phantoms, we will trade them during minute 0. We don't have to wait for them to distinguish themselves among all 14 pairs.

With version 03, it is possible that more than one trade can be opened in minute 0, but less likely than in version 01.

I believe this makes ver 03 a true hybrid of 01 and 02. I won't pretend this is all my idea since I think there was at least one suggestion along these lines. There is still "baggage" code for the other 8 pairs in the EA, but it won't hurt anything. If this EA is successful, I'll trim it later.

Note that MaxMarginToUse is defaulted at 0.67 and ProfitPct is at 1.0. If this is too aggressive for 50:1 accounts, we'll crank these settings down proportionally, e.g., 0.335 and 0.5 or whatever makes sense.

Version 03a is exactly the same as version 03, but it only allows one pair to be traded during minute 0.

Version 03b is exactly the same as version 03a, but it resets the phantom trades every 8 hours, roughly in synch with the 3 major market opening times (Asian, Euro/UK Zone, USA).

|

v

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
I never had any issues with Windows 7.

Prior to Windows 7, I had the Vista.

The Vista was crushing all the time.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Yeah Vista is awful!

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
I always run MT4 as administrator to overcome any permission issues, i.e. Right click MT4 icon, and select run as administrator.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Finally, after some problems with Maxmargintouse and lots, I´ve started 10.000$ demo account, 200:1 Leverage, MaxMargintoUse: 0.25, 0.05 lots, Phantom14_Add_02_taz on VPS.

Now I could post results......

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
2 hours later, first Profit ....

Very good beginning

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Unbelievable! Almost 35% and week 3 is not over yet.

getting,I figured out how to put my results on mt4i, but this EA was started on a platform that had been running different EAs and when I enter the start date for this EA,it will not compute stats because there is no deposit.
http://www.mt4i.com/users/frazerd-add_02-taz

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Congratulations Frazerd. I´ m following you......same EA.....hope same results in next weeks......

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Most of these were started last night and have not closed yet.

Add_02-taz is into a pretty good DD and margin has been down to 284%. Sure doesn't work on 50:1 like it does on 500:1.

AddSix_02 did close again and is up 3% in 4 days with lowest margin so far 1973%.

AddSix_01, which I started yesterday morning on top of my old WrongWayGravy EA, took over 30 WrongWay trades with a deficit of -$15 and closed for a small profit.

http://www.mt4i.com/users/frazerd-addsix_01
http://www.mt4i.com/users/frazerd-addsix_02
http://www.mt4i.com/users/frazerd-addsix_03
http://www.mt4i.com/users/frazerd-addsix_03a
http://www.mt4i.com/users/frazerd-addsix_03b

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Thanks Frazerd!!

I believed you need to click on

*account history tab

*click on all history

*then publisher in options tab click on test and resubmit it again

*then we can filter out the date on mti4 later, please mention start date for taz's version.

thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
I just wish I could trade at 500:1 leverage and take advantage of this one, but now I have to find a way to make money on 50:1 leverage. Looks like the AddSix series will be the best solution.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Is it not easier to change broker ? They are a lot for choose.......

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
I knowhow to get the entire history, but the previous EAs were not doing as well and had only managed some small gains. Add_02-taz started on 10/4 with $5208.18 balance, as shown on my spreadsheet.

All I need to do to get the mt4i report to show everything is to not put a date in the MTILivePublisherEA input IncludeOpenedSince. I will remove the date, but just remember that the stats will not reflect just the Add_02-taz results.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
currently: on gomkt500

03b - max dd is 7.4%, and lowest margin is 1302%

03 - max dd is 7.1%, lowest margin is 1334%

02 - max dd is 9.4%, lowest margin is 962%

ibfx50 02- max dd is 1.82%, lowest margin is 925%

03b "avg trade length" is just half of 02, and ibfx is double of 02 - wait and see for more data.

us traders - copytool

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Second profit in 2 hours......if only all days were like today.....

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
I believe spreads are a big factor as well.

AddSix_01 is working great with The Collective FX, they have low low spreads:

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_01.htm

but IBFX seems slow to cough up profits no matter what EA I use.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
I wonder how WE are going to change things in retail FX. Pretty soon people are going to see that automated trading is not only viable but much more powerful than most dared to imagine.

WE are going to show them that.

Uppity small retail traders making 20% and 40% per month...things will be done to keep us in check, I can just about guarantee that.  IBFX already seems to be pretty good at mitigating our success.  All it takes is playing with spreads.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Man, got that right.

Oanda has pretty low spreads but they present the unique problem of not having a free API like IBFX and others.  There are some hush-hush order entry APIs floating around out there so you could manage things on MT4 using the IBFX (or whatever) data feed but place orders on Oanda.  The other problem with Oanda is they don't use lots so you'd have to come up with the calculations for lot size to Oanda units.

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Anyone tried GallantFX?

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
click on demo button leads to forex.com website.
http://www.forex.com/pricing.html
http://gallantfx.cmsfx.com/index.php/en/video.html
http://www.earnforex.com/forex-brokers/GallantFX

Offshore: http://forums.babypips.com/224843-post273.html

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
yeah they moved all their us clients to gain (forex.com)

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Do you know anything about any of these? I can't figure out the reason for the different text colors this guy uses. I'm surprised there are so many UK brokers still accepting US clients. I figured the UK would be in bed with CFTC.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
there are a TON of offshore options still, am on a yahoo list with quite a large list building up of confirmed brokers that will still take us clients

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
See for yourself the version:
Phantom14_Add_02_taz TP10

extern double MaxMarginToUse      =     0.4;

extern double Lots                =     0.1;

extern double ProfitPct           =     1.3;

extern double MaxMiniProfit       =  1000.0;

extern double MaxStdProfit        = 10000.0;

extern int    MagicNumber         =  777666;

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
MetaCoder or Frazer,

The "Bailout" input in the EA;

When set to true, what exactly will happen?

Will the EA stop entering new positions,

but will monitor the open positions and close them

at the time the specified profit% is reached?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Very nice, vienna. The lower entry pips and higher profit percent seem to be working very, very well.

I have not seen ActiveTrades on any of the lists of brokers who will or will not accept US clients. Do you happen to know if they will or not?

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
activtrades do not accept us clients

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
taz, you seem to be very knowledgeable in this area. Do you have any recommendations for offshore brokers with small spreads and 500:1 leverage that still accept US clients?

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
I am going to be going with tadawulfx.  500:1, decent spreads, and very quick deposits/wd's as I know quite a few ppl who have been trading there awhile.

My buddy has an ib link you can use, any kickback he might get goes to his daughter's scoliosis fund, so if you're interested pm me and i'll give it to u.  doubt I can post it here.

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
After a few of us trading some of these EAs for a couple of years it might be hard finding a broker that allows EAs.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Aren't US traders now unable to open offshore fx accounts?

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
vienna, I wonder if you can test on tadawul?

Handy link: http://www.tadawulfx.com/public/trad...x-account.html

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
if you want it tested on tadawul, its one of the brokers that has a .05 minlot and .05 minlotstep.  so it gets tricky.

And yes, if you believe you should be free to make your own choices and not our idiotic government choosing for you, you can open an account wherever u choose

There is a long list of brokers still allowing us clients, who don't abide by the stupid CFTC and feel no need to follow their rules since they are not governed by them

By that's more than enough ranting as far as that's concerned lol

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
I haven't seen anything that prohibits offshore trading. I believe that there is no law against it, YET. CFTC seems to be trying to stop it by getting the offshore brokers to cooperate with them. There are many offshore brokers who are cooperating and not allowing US clients, but there are still many who are still accepting us apparently.

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
If someone can recommend good MT4 brokers that still allow US traders, I'm all ears. Forgive my ignorance in this area as I've been focused on trading strategies and coding for so long.

The money is there to be taken, we know how to do it, but we need a level playing field.

In exchange for help and guidance in this area I'll be the best little EA coder you ever saw.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Looking at the list provided here, http://forums.babypips.com/224843-post273.html, Uni-FX (UK) looks like a good choice. If anyone has any experience with them I would appreciate some feedback.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
If Bailout is set true, the EA will do NOTHING.

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Thanks frazerd. Thank you TONS.

Now my friend, it's time to wrap up this long long R&D road we've been on and cash in.

If I can find a broker where the live trades work as on Collective FX, and I can have decent leverage (100:1 will do), and no dumb fees, I'm off to the races.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
supposedly collective thinks they are exempt from the leverage changes.  at least that's been their stance all along.  Did something change?  As far as I've heard, if you are with collective you don't need to change a thing (hedging, fifo, leverage still the same).

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
I'm with you MC and maybe a little ahead of you. I went live with GoMarkets about 3 weeks ago, thinking they were going to continue to deal with US clients - WRONG. I have just closed that account and withdrew my funds with a 15% profit. The money is back in my bank account and I'm looking for the right place to put it now.

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
try http://www.axistrader.com.au/but one can still use alternate basket method   and ibfx  but modify basket numbers eg as i do  eg  http://my.jetscreenshot.com/demo/20101022-jlw6-296kb

ok manual trade but its easy to do for youguys this is an example of  basket trades using alternate  eg amigos core 5 ect

so  one can make great profit without eas or brokers problems

realively easy  so with your eas modified to adapt to market changes you can still make nice money

best regards hopethis helps

from  BRIAN

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Collective FX charges fees to trade with them.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Is it possible to have a basket close with a loss of more 2% ? I mean just when market close half an hour before, the EA have closed all trades with a big loss. Maybe the market has moved so quickly that for closing 18 trades with a 0.5% profit turns in 2% loss at the end ?

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Caillou, there are a lot of variables, such as how the market is moving, how many trades are open, whether your computer is slow or infested with viruses, the quality of your internet service provider, your modem, your router, etc.  So yes I'm sure it's possible.

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Thanks Metacoder....

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hello People,

I sincerely hate to butt into the conversation here. However, I think those who are looking for a better broker should be advised to do their "due diligence".

There are several brokers (for example) who do not have a secure web page for their sign-up link. For me, that is a red flag. Most legitimate brokers that I'm aware of do at least, offer a secure sign-up link (and I'm not going to give my personal info without it).

Further, if you check the domain registration for Uni-fx....

Registration Service Provided By: Internex Solutions LLC

Contact: domains@internexsolutions.com

"Domain name: uni-fx.com

Registrant Contact:

InvisibleRegistration.com

Domain Admin ()

Fax:

All Postal Mails Rejected, visit invisibleregistration.com

Fernley, NV 89408

US

Administrative Contact:

InvisibleRegistration.com

Domain Admin (contact@invisibleregistration.com)

+1.17025773873

Fax:

All Postal Mails Rejected, visit invisibleregistration.com

Fernley, NV 89408

US"

Do you REALLY want to send your money to a "company?"

that does not provide contact info or who is registered "invisibly"?

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
this site give us good info about different brokers  http://www.100forexbrokers.com/

regards

fred

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
i dont see any error check in the code, after OrderSend its better we check the error so that we know why it failed to place the order.

if (OrderSendResult <= 0) {

Print("OrderSend failed with error #",GetLastError());

}

add this line after

if (OrderSendResult > 0) MarkSymbolAdded(SymbolArray[i]);

hope this helps...

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Thanks for your warning, TradeRunner. Here is an answer I received from Uni-FX when I inquired about an account;

We could axccept US clients and offer them 1/500 leverage in ECN

platform.

If you are interested please send us a copy of ID card to open 2

accounts in your name ready to funding.

Best Regards
Dubai Support Team

Apparently they are not UK at all, even though their web page says they are a subsidiary of UNIFEX FINANCIAL GROUP LLP registered in England and Wales. 100forexbrokers.com has them listed as United Arab Emerites, which apparently is correct.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Owing to my last Friday experience (22 trades to close with profit but market moves so fast that they closed with 2% loss), I decided to move my test to the new Phantom_AddSix_03, with I hope less trades to be closed....

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
hi, MetaCoder,

i have download from tadawulf.demo is 30days open-

setting demo account  ist leverage 200:1- higher not

and 1000 usd -

i stardet today when the market in europ open -viennatime 23 clock-

ea: Phantom14_Add_02_taz TP10

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
03 results in more trades than 02 since the biggest winner is chosen from 6 than 14

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
i am testing a idea to enter after a minimum drawdown so that my drawdown will be less. i may lose some good trades that result in profit before the minimum drawdown, thats ok for me. i can sacrifice some profits to achive less drawdown

example : i take add06_2, let the orders be generated, i dont send them to my broker, instead i hold them in EA and  if and when the drawdown of these phantom-2-phantom trades reach my minimum level (configurable), say 3%. then i release my phantom-2-phantom orders and from that time on its same as the existing EA.

i dont want to confuse others by posting the EA here, but i will post my results if the idea works out well. i know i may miss some trades that reach profit before that 3%, but in my observation such trades are few and far between.

i may even stretch my profit percentage since i am getting some discount.

i will decide on this minimum darwdown level based on the reports posted here, i am leaning towards 3% to start with.

ignore this if its too compplicated. i understand several ppl like simple systems, including me

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Yes, but less trades than Phantom14_Add_02_taz...........

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
I just want to make it very clear that the taz versions step outside of the balanced hedge framework.  If you still want to use them, it's your call.

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Thank you!  I look forward to your impressions.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
If it can be made illegal for US citizens to trade in offshore accounts, then it won't really be the US of A any more.

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
If there still a profits to be made by them, there will continued to be new broker that will turn and look the other way; when it comes to using EAs.  Or even trade with broker with commission based - I think will be not too critical about EAs.

Copytool by then will evolved into something even more advanced; it can only assigned one acct to only trade eurjpy and another acct to trade only chfjpy for instance.  but your overall equity in all your account will still increase - it would be harder for broker to detect, but all this might be easier said in theory...will see!

I thought brokers don't like scalping EA; those trades having duration shorter than 1hr,

metacoder's EA average around 12hr.

human: ingenuity, greed, pursuit of happiness will continued - keep on shuffling!

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
I found my demo went into a sequeunce that was impossible to recover from with the Taz version 02.  Since all the pairs went in one direction placing correct direction trades for 7 pairs and reversed direction trades for six of the other 7 pairs.  Then the market completely moved back the other direction and left all the pairs (bar one) stranded.  As a result the EA could never get out of the DD situation unless the market reversed back to the original direction.

So MC is right in that it moves outside the bounds of the hedge.

Larger lot sizes or a smaller percent target simply mask this situation for longer by getting you to your target percent more quickly.  But I would imagine all combinations will get caught out as my demo did at some stage.  (I shut it down with a 35% DD to restart with other versions).

I think the Taz version will work if it simply takes the trades over the +20 pip threshold (or what ever we set), but only for that direction - and no reverse direction trades for -20 pip threshold.  In this way the EA will recover with the other side of the hedge if price action reverses.  I can't remember if this variation has been built before....

Tim

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
This is an interesting idea.  Invariably we go into some sort of DD each time pairs are opened up.  I have never seen a sequence open up and go straight into profit.  Obviously we have the initial negative situation of the spreads to overcome,  but these aside there is almost always a level of DD associated to each equity pop that is often as large as the target percent (or bigger).

I would be keen to test a version like this roundrock.  I would run it at an entry at -0.5% DD with a 0.5% normal target percent.

I you can post your version i would be keen to test it also.

Thanks

Tim

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Roundrock,

I am also interested in your  ideas.

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
i just got the idea over the weekend, i need to build EA for this, i am a beginner in MQL, so will take time. meanwhile if somebody can take this up and finish it i would appreciate it

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
hi, I do not understand -

the taz versions step outside of the balanced hedge framework?

Please send technical explanation -

what this difference is-to another ea ....

i see the +-10 is this all?

hmmmm.......

thank you ,i will understand this-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
You could use some insane large number for piptarget4reverse. Then it would work according to your idea.

BOKI

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Hello!

I am trying to change Phantom14_Add_02.taz so i could use more than 1 instance of this EA on the same account.

I have to change how(when) EA closes trades.

I am totaly new to mql so i need some help.

How can i get dolarprofit for a specific magic number?

Thanks

boki

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Hello all,

First of all, thanks to the mega brains who developed this system. I had previously tried to use Trader101 manually and could not get my head around it. This is much easier. Great work.

I am using Phantom_Addsix_02.taz on one demo and it is performing well. With the same broker on another demo I am using Phantom_Addsix_03b. The settings are the same where possible, yet today at the same time one account bought gbp/usd and the other sold it.

It just seemed strange. Is this normal given that the two versions are different.

Also, could some one please explain the difference between the two versions. I have read the whole forum but amongst all the versions I have lost track of what version does what apart from Phantom_Addsix_02.taz opens more trades.

At the rate Phantom_Addsix_02.taz is performing, I do not think it will be too long before I move it onto a live account.

Hope someone can answer the question.

Thanks,

Anthony

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
As I was typing the previous post Phantom_Addsix_02.taz churned out its 4th winner for the day (9 hours).

Also my previous question should have read. "Is this normal given the two versions are similar".

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
D*mn, typed an answer. But clicked the close tab cross instead of switching to the other tab.....

Again, but shorter:

@ Boki. Not sure if it can be done easily. The EA looks at the balance info to determine the amount of profit. So runnning two EA's (with different magic numbers!!) at one account will base the $profit target on the same info. The EA's need to completely rewritten to change that I guess. But on the otherhand, i'm not a programmer. Maybe somebody can implement your idea.

@ Aajduk: It is possible. Depends on when you started the EA's.

The normal versions are kind of hedged by the devide in a BUY group of 7 pairs and a SELL group of 7 pairs. See first post, second link.

The .taz versions BUY and SELL BOTH groups. That's why Metacoder warned us that the hedging-safety isnt in the .taz versions.

The .taz versions can make a lot of profit in a short time, but also a lot of loss. Drawdown can go to 25% and higher. The normal versions are lower in max drawdown (app. 15%) , in my experience.

The Addsix-versions open only 6 different pairs instead of 14.

If you want to search for the description of a version, click on the paperclip in right corner. Click "hide images", search the mq4 file of the version you want info on and then click on the post to read it.

Or click on "Metacoder" Look under "internet activity" and click on posts to quickscan all his posts. Just search a bit and all the info can be found

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Thanks JulesvH,

Will do some more reading. The Phantom_Addsix_02.taz has just continued to churn out profit all day. Amazing. 7% in a day. I know, don't expect that as normal. I have never seen an EA operate as good as this, not even in a short period where its experiencing a good run.

Thanks to the geniuses who coded this stuff.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
This is because the taz versions trade outside of the defined synthetic hedge. They can make profit fast but can also take your account into drawdown from which it might not recover.

One like Phantom_Addsix_03b stays within the defined synthetic hedge and may not be as thrilling but is also much less likely to get your account into a hole it can't climb out of.

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
I urge people not to do this in my FAQ. There can be successes if you try it but you might also run into unexpected behavior.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Just checked their web page and they are not accepting new members - servers full. There is nothing on their web site now that refers to CFTC, leverage, hedging or any of the other stuff they were claiming before. Interesting.

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
I think they're trying to get people whipped into a state where they're clamoring to open live accounts with them.  The way they operate smacks of "fly by night".  I think I'll avoid them.

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Hey MC and others,

If you compare the Offshore Broker list provided earlier in the post (http://forums.babypips.com/rate-my-broker/36221-going-offshore-escape-cftc-35.html)

with this one at
http://www.forexbrokercomparisons.com/

you might find a few with good leverage and EA friendliness. The latter is sortable by "Scalper Friendly" which in my mind is pretty close to EA friendly. Correct me if i'm wrong..

Good luck

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
you see the tadawul demoaccount-

i am not understand -

the ea Phantom14_Add_02 taz TP10 -

closed trades alone -

I have observed before alternating gender -

on demo ActivTrades that is not the case -

why?

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Generally I won't answer questions related to taz EAs but you are running a standard account with only $1,000.  The 0.05 standard lot sizes are equivalent to 0.5 on a mini.  I don't know if this has caused your problem but you would not want to do this on a live account.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
hello,

absolutely their opinion-

to me it's all about the art works such as the ea-

here I have noticed this-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
New Twist        they write:

Initially, buy the phantom-buy group of pairs and sell the phantom-sell group of pairs.

Every hour, add a trade to the phantom pair that is the biggest phantom  winner. Also add a reverse trade to the phantom pair that is the biggest  phantom loser. Before adding any trades, require that no trades exist  on the pair, or that all preexisting trades on the biggest phantom  winner/loser pairs be in profit. There is no symbol marking in this  version as it is redundant with the check for preexisting trades being  in profit.

Close reverse/"wrong-way" trades if they hit one-tenth of DollarProfitTarget. This is the "gravy" profit.

Let me know if it doesn't appear to be trading as intended, there's a brand new function called TakeWrongwayProfit.

this ea is your ea -allright?

please can you the ea setup for this:

Instead, a winning phantom must only be the largest among the six traded  pairs in order for a trade to be opened. In other words, we limit the  biggest phantom winner candidates to EURCHF, EURJPY, CHFJPY, GBPCHF,  GBPUSD, USDCHF.

I would like to test- you can help me please-http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Yes and I stated in a previous post that I was abandoning that line of thought. The Wrongway EA remains on the thread for historical interest only as far as I'm concerned.

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
sorry,

I understand correctly, they do not pursue this ea.

they work with

AddSix02,03,03a,03b-

I have complete confidence in their system-

there was only one idea-

I will not post more ideas -

I focus on results-

apology

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Hi all,

Started demo account 10.000$, Leverage 200:1, MaxMargintoUse: 0.5 (0.1 lots), ProfitPct: 0.75 (Ratio MaxMargintoUse/ProfitPct: 0.67), running since 14h00 (GMT+2) in VPS.

Since now, max DD: 0,3%...seems slow but safe....only 2 trades (1 winning, 1 loosing). I think overtrade is usually a mistake, we are all very impatient...

For me a very clean and pure ea...will have good results sure...thanks MC...

Will post results....

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Wish mine was going as well.  Here I thought I would mellow things out by running the regular addsix 02.  Has only had like 2 pops since 10/18 and is sitting at over 20% dd, 29% dd at is peak last week.

200:1 lev 0.4 mmtu

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
No problem, I hope we can help you trade forex with ease and confidence, and of course, profit!

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
For now AddSix 03b is my best shot at a clean & pure EA.  I am waiting to see if resetting the phantom trades every 8 hours is helpful or not.

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
I am confident.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Hello all,

It is morning in my part of the world. During the night Phantom_Addsix_02.taz churned out another profit, now 8 in the last 24 hours and 3 from last Friday. Maximum drawdown was $450 on a $10000 demo.

Phantom_Addsix_03b has been operating 24 hours with no wins and is currently in a DD Of $1150 on $10000 demo.

A little confusing as this is very contradictory to what most others are seeing.

I suppose the best option is to keep testing and see what develops.

Thanks for your prior comments, much appreciated.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
A short amount of time with any strategy isn't a good indication of what it will do in all market conditions (obviously).  When a taz version gets caught with a lot of open trades during a sharp reversal, you'll see the downside of it.

Also you could have different settings on the different EAs. Are the lot sizes the same?

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
With the taz versions and some of the other EAs, it might be worthwhile to put the following code at the start of the AddIfNeeded function:

Inserted Code
if MathMod(TimeHour(TimeCurrent()),8) == 0.0 &&
TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 1)
{
ResetPhantoms();
}

This resets the phantom trades every 8 hours.  The advantage of this is that we catch changes in market direction sooner.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
there is a typo in there, unbalanced brackets, try this

if (MathMod(TimeHour(TimeCurrent()),8) == 0.0 &&

TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 1)

{

ResetPhantoms();

}

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
i had Phantom_AddSix_02.taz running  yesterday. it popped 4 wins very quickly then went into a big big DD , right now at 10%. from the code, it reverses biggest losers , this causes imbalance in the hedge and because of this we may run into dangerous one sided trades as MC pointed out. i am stopping this demo for now. if at all i continue, i will do with reverse4trade value as very very big like 1000, so that it doesnt reverse, also it adds trades every 30 min. i dont like too many trades

last week i had Phantom_AddSix_02 running. the drawdown was small, the trades took longer time to hit targets. but i suited my style. less trades, less DD

this week i will try 03b on another account. good thing with this is it resets the phantoms every 8 hrs, this is cool. but the flip side is it gives more trades (than 02). lets see

i also want to try 02 with reset every 8 hrs, this may speed up the things a bit compared to pure 02

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Hi MC, thanks for a highly illuminating thread

I'm testing this specific phantom with interest and wonder what factor will dominate after several washes...?

Will the factor be the same for basket 14 and phantom?

One influential ingredient may be the absence of loser cutting from phantoms. (Is that correct?)

Another may be extended consolidation. With a single pair, if short or long volume increases in the desired direction, but price keeps reversing and doesn't trend significantly, there's failure, as margin climbs (phantom only), and the exit sits as high as everest (both potentially). But with a group of pairs, it may be subtly different?

Any clarity on this, much appreciated!

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
hi tazmaan, this 20%, 29%dd is about regular add 06 02 or add 06 02.taz ?

its confusing from your post

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
original version, nothing modded.

So i've had to give up on that one as well, and have moved on to addsix 03b.

Looks like I already am going to have to fix that one too, as its machine gunning orders at the top of the hour, instead of only allowing for 1 trade to open.  Just gotta remember what the fix was for that

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Thanks MC  for your comments,

My settings were the same in each ea.

I certainly agree that results over a  short time are not really valid. It was just an observation.

The extra line you sugeested adding to the versions:

if (MathMod(TimeHour(TimeCurrent()),8) == 0.0 &&

TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 1)

{

ResetPhantoms();

}

I assume this does not have to be added to the Phantom_Addsix_03b, am I correct.

And is the above version the latest in all of them except for the taz series? Just trying to get to a point of using what most others are using so we can compare results a little better.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
i started phantom-addsix-3b this morning,so far no trade at all.is it normal?

regards

fred

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
No more trades for Phantom_AddSix_02 in 15 hours, extremely slow so I moved to Phantom_AddSix_03b too. Each hour a trade was opened so I think it is no normal Fredgold. Maybe you have the same problem I had with Lots. What is your mmtu ?

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Maxmargintouse=0.67 as the defualt.

fred

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
The only mmtu accepted by my broker is: 0.25, 0.5, 1.0, ..... I use on a 200:1 Leverage, 10.000.-$ account mmtu: 0.5 (0.1 lots) and ProfitPct: 0.75 (ratio: 0.67)...hope it helps

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
levrage 50:1 $10000 mini account.so i change the MMTU to 0.5 and profitpac to 0.75.

lets see if it works

thanks

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
You will see in 10 minutes.....

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
but 03 and 03a open trades as normal with that mmtu 0.67

fred

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
it trys to open trade but nothing happened?

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
if you have lotsize restrictions from the broker, set the lots manually.  the ea won't open trades if its trying to use a lotsize other than the ones you listed allowed by your broker.

So until the code for that can be added by someone, either test on a broker without restrictions on lotsize, or set it manually (usesmallestlot set to true)

oops, it appears in 3b MC took out the actual lotsize input, so who knows what it will do now lol.  Guess you better test on another broker demo with no lotsize restrictions

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
If 03 and 03a opens trades with default settings but 03b not, I don´t know what could happen. In "expert" tab you can see trades like they would be opened ?

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
yeah, 02 got frozen. EURUSD, GBPJPY are in the biggest winner list so 06 team is losing to 14 team.

but good thing is DD is coming down. so no issues

for me less trades are better

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
I can not leave I have to test my idea, share it with you.

it may be a crazy idea ....

I thought:

all ea AddSix02, 03 and taz, and Wrongway are built perfectly.

My mission is to have money with little success.

account usd to start 1000 usd.

1. lower margin as is!

2. small target - a little time in the market

3. currencies with diversifakation

startaccount Activtrades for european people-

1000 usd-

setup:

extern double MaxMarginToUse   =     0.1;

extern double Lots                   =     0.1;

extern double ProfitPct            =     0.25;

extern int    MagicNumber         =  777111;

startaccount Tadawul for another People

5000 usd- (this demo stardet with 0.05 lot-sorry)

setup:

extern double MaxMarginToUse   =     0.1;

extern double Lots                   =     0.1;

extern double ProfitPct            =     0.25;

extern int    MagicNumber         =  777111;

all the ea have the same Magicnumber-therefore work together towards the same goal.

will it work?

we'll see.

if you do not try you can not know.

here is an initial report.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
the same wiht 4 ea....

i am so grazy.....

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Good Afternoon,

Just my opinion but, after a few days testing Phantoms EAs, i.e. today with Phantom_AddSix_03b, for a few hours GBP/USD was the big winner during 9 hours, so 9 buys were opened, 0.1 lots per trade, total 0.9 buys GBP/USD. If suddenly a big bear movement happens in GBP/USD, then a very big DD will come, a DD I think difficult to neutralize.

What I mean is I think we are in a safer position with Basket than with Phantom EA´s. Maybe I´m wrong but it seems to me safer to cut looses than to add winners.....

Anyway, I´m giving a new chance to Basket14_02, start at 12h00 (GMT+2), first profit 4 hours later, +1%, max DD 2.16%....

Thanks again MC

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
It appears that .67 MaxMargin may be too high. Take a look at each tab for results of all my 50:1 demos. AddSix_01 has had a margin call and all the others except 02 which is at .4 MM, have seen margin levels below 500%.

AddSix_02 has been running longer than the others and is set at 0.4 MaxMargin and 1.0 ProfitPct. It is up 4% in 6 trading days.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Love the quality of your reports, Frazer.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
That's correct, 03b already has logic like this.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
MaxMarginToUse at 0.335 and ProfitPct at 0.5, or something along those lines, might be about right for 50:1 leverage.

Note that some of the versions are more conservative in how many trades they add, so that possibly we could get away with more aggressive settings.

Frazer's reporting is so critical because it gives us good data for making these decisions.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
I took some time to study Frazer's latest spreadsheet. What I saw was pretty much what I expected.

Add_02-taz has the unhedged problem and AddSix_01 simply adds too many trades.

AddSix_02 is more efficient and Frazer's adjustment of MaxMarginToUse to 0.4 might continue working well.

AddSix_03, 03a and 03b are trading as I'd expect and I do think the 0.67 setting for MaxMarginToUse might be too high.

The following settings might be more prudent:

MaxMarginToUse: 0.4

ProfitPct: 1.0

MaxMarginToUse: 0.335

ProfitPct: 0.5

Somewhere in that range of MaxMarginToUse/ProfitPct proportionality (0.4 to 0.67) lies the sweet spot for 50:1 leveraged trading.

And I still think aiming for minimum margin levels of around 500% is good.

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
One more preliminary conclusion -- I don't think resetting the phantom trades every 8 hours is hurting anything.  As time passes we might see signs that it helps.

That's all for now, good trades everyone.

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Started a Tadawul 500:1 demo last night using MaxMargin 0.1 and ProfitPct 1.0. I do not understand the ramifications of their .05 minimum lot size and add lot multiple, but these settings opened .05 lot on a $4000 starting balance and the EA closed with a 1%(-) profit. It is now into a little DD situation, but Lowest margin has only been 2688% so far.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
I opened a Tadawul demo, 200:1 I believe.  Standard is the only account option so the 0.05 lots is like 0.5 in mini terms.

So far it's done fine but my starting balance was only $3,000, could get a margin call later.

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
considering all the factors, add06_02 seems to be the winner. wonder how the resetting phantoms every 8 hhrs will do to 02 ?

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
We'll find out.

Note default settings:

MaxMarginToUse =     0.3

ProfitPct            =     0.5

|

v

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
My AddSix_02 has been the best one so far, as well. I will load this version on top of 02.

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Might run into issues when your ea on tadawulf wants to open say .07 lots, since the only choice is .05 or .10.  It does seem to handle bumping it up to .05 if its trying to open say .04, since it does check for minlot size.  Be curious to see what happens when it tries to open more than .05 tho.

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
That's done and it was a good time to do it since the EA had just closed again and only had 1 new trade on it. I also reset the Lowest Margin % global variable so we will know the lowest margin since loading the changed version. That demo is up more than 5% since starting on 17 Oct.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
account 5000 usd-

simple solution-

fixed lot in ea -0.05 and account have 50000 usd fixed lot 0.1-

best regards

vienna

PS :tadawul minimum account 5000 usd -

in other ways margincall !

greating vienna

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Excellent.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Frazerd

can you please tell us what was your account size, standard or mini and other parameters in setting of the addsix-02.

because i had different result.i dont know is it only me or everybody is going to that cycle that for few days have great result then is goes to big DD margin.

best regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
All my IBFX demos are Mini 50:1, $3000 starting balance, except Add_02-taz which started with $2000. AddSix_02 is set with MaxMargin 0.4 and ProfitPct 1.0. Everything else is MC's defaults.

I now have 02a running instead of 02 with all default settings.

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
A Big Thanks

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
200:1 is the highest leverage available in the drop down box when you start the platform, but if you use their sign up form to get the platform, you can go up to 500:1 and they send you an email with the account # and password to use on the platform.

Also got a nice phone call from them this morning asking if I had any questions.

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Oh ok, thanks for that info!

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Having said the above, though, if the IBFX demos do well enough I will probably stay in the US and be satisfied with the 15 - 20% a month that I think these EAs are capable of at 50:1 leverage. Why get into a riskier situation for just a few extra dollars? Riskier in terms of the possibility of future CFTC sanctions against the offshore brokers.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Frazer, I'm thinking along those same lines.

15% to 20% per month with safe margin levels just might be do-able.  I'd be quite delighted with 5% to 10%, but I think we'll do better.

I don't like the idea of an offshore broker deciding to keep my money with nothing I can do about it.

Whereas IBFX is in Utah, just north of me.

I know where they live.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Frazerd

What is the lots size for $3000?

for $500 mini 50:1

i chose

Maxmargintouse:0.2

lots:0.04

profitpac:0.5

do you think are they ok for $500 account size?

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
I have changed things up on existing accounts, some have had the EAs changed a few times.

The filenames accurately reflect which EAs are currently being run.

Don't get excited about 02alt, it's just 02 with an alternative set of pairs.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_01a.htm

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_02alt.htm

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_03b.htm

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_03b_IBFX.htm

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Lot size with those settings is .06 - you can see it on my spreadsheets.

I cannot tell you what works for a $500 account since I haven't been testing that small an account. I personally would not trade with less than $2000 and the more the better. If you don't have more, see if some of your friends or relatives might want to make some money. Just be sure to tell them about the risk.

If you are trading a $500 account the lot size will be .01 regardless of the settings, so it won't make any difference anyway.

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
You're playing with fire!  Before the Phantom EA's were around I tried the basket EA's on a live account.  Max drawdown with the recommended settings for 100:1 leverage was 60%, eventually after 3 weeks it recovered enough to get out at a loss of 25%.  My advice - DON'T DO IT!

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
I tried to figure it out why we might looking for a offshore broker?

because of higher leverage? or hedging or spread?

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Thanks Skoda. I´m not thinking in going live account, just demo, for this EA, 2 more MC´s EA´s and 6 more EA´s from other threads. Anyway if you have had a DD of 60% it is enough for me to leave Basket EA´s and stay with Phantom_AddSix_03b and Phantom_AddSix_02a.

Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
hello ,

12 pairs open -

the price go down you have a big problem-

you see....

diversifikation - no

korrelation - no

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
you see....

diversifikation - yes

korrelation - yes

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
That´s the problem with Adding Phantoms....we have to cut looses...

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
you see.... second demo

diversifikation - yes

korrelation - yes

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
you see....tadawul leverage 200:1

diversifikation - yes

korrelation - yes

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Here is a report -

yes - I'm for small gains with safety-

my store is supreme - security

proverb:

small bird in the hand-as -

big bird on the roof-

I hope you understand me

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
first is combine with wrong and AddSix02

second is wrong and AddSixx 03B

you see the different- the setting is the same-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Report Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4
today closed the longest tred started 21/10 at 21:00 Closed 27/10 10:15 am

my account +71.01% (Max Drawdown -1133.90 -83.49%)

now try with Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4 ResetPhantoms to 8 hours

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Hello all,

If you cannot run your system 24/7, given that the system resets every 8 hours, is it going to make a lot of difference switching off occasionally.

Also, I have seen some of you talk about running on VPS, what is that.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
-If it resets, it only resets the values for the PHANTOM trades. Time will tell if this is a good implementation or not.

-VPS is a Virtual Private Server. You rent harddiskspace from a company with fast computers and a fast and reliable internet connection. You can run MT4 with EA's 24/7 there and you don't have to let your own home computer on all the time. You can access the VPS with MT4 trough the internet or with remote desktop I believe.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Thanks Jules,

If I do shut down it will be when there are no active trades open and will start at the beginning of the Asian session. VPS is an option, maybe once I am live with this EA.

Thanks.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
After you shut it down, make sure you delete all the Global Variables (press F3) before you attach and start the EA again.

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
If I am running multiple EAs and shut it down(at night) and reopen later, will it create any conflict in global variables?

Even with single EA, does shutting down occasionally causes a problem when the trades are open?

I see performance go haywire when add few more EAs to the same platform though with different magic numbers. This has been bothering me.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
A month ago, I had no idea what a VPS was. Now, for 2 weeks, I have a VPS and it is the best money I have spent in forex EVER. I have my EA´s running 24/7, and I can access to my MT4 from any PC, any MAC and from my iPhone and iPad, and trade through them. Incredible ! If you want to trade with EA´s a VPS is indispensable....

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
vienna,

i like the way you are thinking. combining 2 EA to get diversification and correlation. we will see how it works

opening too many trades is the major concern for huge DD.

addsix_02 is the only EA that trades less . all others just keep sending orders every hour. even resetting 8 hrs thingy also sends many orders. so far i have seen let addsix_02 start and run for 5-6 hours and then if its already in some DD, now enter fresh , you have better chance to hit TP

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
AddSix_03 and 03a are the only ones that have closed since yesterdays report. Interestingly, those are the only 2 that I have not yet changed to the lower MaxMargin and ProfitPct settings.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Not sure what you mean by "enter fresh" - if that means you are removing the EA and then reloading it with the old trades still there, all that does is reset the phantoms. You can also do that by opening the EA dialog box and then close it with the OK button.

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
This one closed again for another 1% gain.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
If traders want to run more than one EA on one account, just know I won't answer any queries regarding problems resulting therefrom. Having said that, for those who understand what they're doing and why, some good things could come of it. Just be careful and work hard to understand the platform, the strategies and the EAs.

I'm seeing good things on my latest demos, similar to the results Frazer is reporting. I'm not doing anything fancy, just running one EA per client app.

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
MC,

Just thought i'd let you know, so hopefully it can be fixed going forward.

I have 03b running all week on broco, which has no trade size limitations.  200:1, 5k account, default mmtu at .67 and its doing great, opening .07 size trades and chugging along nicely.

Yesterday I opened the exact same spec account on tadawulfx, which has the .05 minlot requirement, and the .05 minstep requirement.  Same 200:1, 5k balance.  No trades even attempted to open, which means the minlot code in the ea doesn't work right.

I had previously thought (without testing) that at least the minlot would work, and since it wants to open .07 trades, it would just open the minlot of .05 on tadawulfx.  Apparently, that is not the case.

Is anyone else running ANY of these ea's on tadawulfx AND NOT using the manual lot size input?

Granted, this isn't a show stopper, but it might be something at some point to fix up, so that issues don't arise on other brokers with these requirements (ie, fxpro requires .10 lot min, and a few others).

It seems you've removed the input for entering the lotsize u want to use in 3b, so I'll fumble with it to see if I can get it to work with fixed lots like the older versions did.

edit: yeah, appears just need to add the 'extern bool Lots = ' back into the code, so its working when I add that and set it to .05.

Thanks, 3b is showing some pretty nice promise (with a slight taz tweak anyhow

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
tazmaan, thank you for bringing this issue to our attention.  Fixing the issue is not super high on my list of priorities, but I do acknowledge it and intend to fix it when time allows.

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
See my statement above. I am using mmtu 0.1 and ppct 1.0 on a 500:1 demo and it's working great so far. Someone posted that when trading with the .05 brokers you need to use settings of 0.1, 0.05, etc. I don't know why that would matter, but maybe it will work.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Not a problem MC, just wanted to make sure you knew it existed.  As we know most ppl don't read posts in the thread before trying ea's usually, will save us a bunch of questions like 'my ea doesnt take any trades'.

For now maybe adding the issue to your faq, then we could just say GO READ THE FAQ

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
frazerd:

Yeah i guess what's happening is you've just adjusted your mmtu setting so the result = .05 lot size hehe.

That's another way to skin a cat i guess

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
I didn't do it for that reason. I have found that mmtu 0.1 is the best setting at 500:1 leverage. That was the setting I was using with your Add_02-taz that did so well for so long. I'm still running that one BTW and it is in a big DD which it may not recover from, but I will keep it running just to see what finally happens.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
I have changed mine to .5 mmtu just to see if it will size and open trades automatically again.  We'll see.

This is my 3b test, looking good thusfar
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/tazmaan/3btaz/59473

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Here is a solution to the lotstep issue we see with certain brökers. I think this will work but I haven't tested it for myself yet; please be sure to do so.

First, in the Internal Variables section of the EA, declare the variable LotStep as

double LotStep;

Then in the GetAccountInfo function we need the following statement:

LotStep = MarketInfo(Symbol(), MODE_LOTSTEP);

The SetLotSize function needs to have these lines in it:

UseLots = valLastFlatEq * Investment * (Leverage / MarketInfo(Symbol(), MODE_LOTSIZE));
UseLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(UseLots/LotStep,0))*LotStep;
UseLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(UseLots,2));

That last line may not be necessary, but we'll keep it if we need to change number of lot size digits for odd-duck brökers.

Here's a copy of Phantom_AddSix_03b that has the lotstep fix in it.

|

v

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Thanks MC, testing it now.

Seems to be working

Once my balance can get high enough for it to calculate like .14 lots, I'll let u know if it continues to act appropriately

On that note, any idea whether it will be rounding down or up?

For example, if my mmtu setting calculates the lotsize to trade at .09, is it going to round down to .05, or up to .10?

If ea calculates lotsize to trade at .14, is it going to round down to .10 or up to .15?

Thanks for the fix, hope it helps others as well!

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
It'll round down because the 0 in the call DoubleToStr(UseLots/LotStep,0) eliminates the fractional portion, leaving us with a whole number (integer) to multiply times LotStep.

See this is why you guys pay me the big bucks.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
MC and others,

1st of all i would like to thank all of you for the efforts and brilliant ideas, testing of this system. i believe that it will have a great success.

I have been a silent viewer of this thread, but i think that now is the time to join you guys and share my results.

I have not tested all the versions to be honest, but currently testing Phantom_AddSix_03b with a little modification. i do have another EA to another chart which will close all the trades when they reach a specific $ amount "since the EA does not close my trades when it reaches the target profit for some reason.".

The Phantom_AddSix_03b have been working for 2 days and i take the profit after 0.5% which is around 150 pips in total.

I have a question: since Phantom_AddSix_03b resets the phantoms every 8 hours, is it really necessary to start the EA on the opening of one of the 3 markets or i can start it onanytime ?

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Perfect, thanks for the clarification

And once we can start making the big bucks with these, more than happy to pay you some big bucks too   (of course u'll be making your own big bucks so probably won't need our big bucks anymore

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Three cheers for big bucks all around.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Phantom_Add_Six_02a: 10.000.-$, 200:1, mmtu: 0.5, ProfitPct: 0.5, 0.1 lots, Max FloatingDD: -4.56% (no profit yet)

Phantom_Add_Six_03b: 10.000.-$, 200:1, mmtu: 0.5, ProfitPct: 0.75, 0.1  lots, Max FloatingDD: -6.26% (no profit yet)

Basket14_02: 10.000.-$, 200:1, mmtu: 1.0, ProfitPct: 1.0, 0.2  lots, Max FloatingDD: -1.93% (no profit yet, 1 trim and reverse)

Sure I´m wrong, but maxDD always less in Basket14_02, let´s see when comes profits......

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
hello this :

Basket14_02, is never -i have demo and acount go down ,down..shame about time...

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
--------

Hi!

I came accross your thread a few hours ago. Tested both the Basket EAs and the Phantom.  Comparing the Baskets with the Phantoms, the Basket14 traded all 14 pairs moments upon loading while the Phantoms not responding and have not traded so far. The parameters are in default mode, maybe there is something to tweak on. Would appreciate ahy help.

Sincerely,

Ed

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Might need to read a bit more in the thread, phantoms only trade once at the top of the hour.

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
[Quote = tazmaan; 4127692] Möglicherweise müssen Sie ein bisschen mehr zu lesen in dem Thread, Phantome nur einmal Handel an der Spitze der Stunde [/ quote].

correctly !

greating vienna

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
hi,

the picture ,

phantom_addsix_03b

diversifikation - is ok

MaxMargin:0.1

ProfitPc:1.0-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
MC,

there is an idea that crossed my mind...we all do experience some type of a DD before the profit target it hit. probably because the phantom and biggest winner reverses its way after being the winner.

Would it be interesting to reverse the trades? sell the biggest winner instead of buy?

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
----

Thanks.

Sincerely,

Ed

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Read through the entire thread, and I'm joining this remarkable crew from today on!

One question, in a 6 or 14 synthetic hedge, is it possible for more than 50% of the pairs in the same group to trend in the same direction?

I'm quite good at calculating the chance in percentage of a pair trending up or down so it might enable the EA to reach the 1% or whatever profit sooner.

I'm new to this kind of trading so sorry in advance if I'm going to ask stupid questions...

Regards

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
It's possible, but we don't depend on that to make our money.  The pairs do all kinds of things at different times.  But always some pairs are moving more than the others. We identify which ones those are and trade them.  Pretty simple.

One of the beautiful things about a many-pair synthetic hedge is that all components of one side of the hedge DO NOT move together in the same direction.

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Now let's not outsmart ourselves.  In a strongly directional market, this would be a surefire way to get into big drawdown, fast.

And if we try to outsmart ourselves even further by trying to "detect" that we're in a sideways market so maybe we should trade opposite the normal direction, we should remind ourselves that market action can suddently break out into strong directional movement at any moment, right after we've opened a batch of "sideways trades".

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Resetting the phantom trades near the opening time of each of the three major global trading regions somewhat mimics the effect of opening different instances of the EA at those same times.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Yes, not cutting the losers is a key difference with the phantoms, plus letting pairs distinquish themselves with the phantom trade technique before we open actual trades.

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Then I'm missing something here, thought I understood how the strategy works.  But no worries will figure it out eventually.

I'm going to start experimenting with this kind of trading in MT5...  Currently testing the Phantom_Addsix_03b, account up by 2.1%, currently in 3% drawdown.

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
It takes a while to get one's brain around a many-pair sythetic hedge.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Updates.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_01a.htm

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_02alt.htm

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_03b.htm

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_03b_IBFX.htm

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
for Phantom_add6_03b, is it important to start the EA on the opening of one of the 3 markets since it resets phantoms? or i can start the EA at anytimeand it will resets automatically even if a market is going to open after "2 hours for example" after attaching the EA ?

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
A little idea:

To prevent getting chopped up in sideways markets or getting into a trade too early, use a dollar buffer amount between the 1st and 2nd biggest winners.

E.g. Dollar Buffer = $1.00

1st BW = $0.86

2nd BW = $0.45

NO TRADE

...

1st BW = $1.97

2nd BW = $0.51

TRADE THE 1st BW

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
poltroni, you can start the 03b EA anytime.  But it does depend on your broker server's GMT setting though.

say your brokers GMT is +2 then the EA will reset phantom trades 2 hours earlier compared to using a broker with +0 GMT.

EDIT: MetaCoder, I think including a BrokerServerGMT variable to adjust the Phantom reset times would be a nice addition as everyone has different brokers.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
hi,

i hope , i understand this EA

Phantom_AddSix 03b

see picture-

very nice -

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
A question from my side, sometimes a huge market movement in the opposite direction is created by a country that buys or sells billions of a foreign currency, it happened a while ago on the JPY pairs and some months ago on the CAD pairs, don't know if anyone remembered that.

My question is are we protected against such extreme market movement?  I see the phantom EA does not create a hedge when it opens orders so in theory can such an event completely ruin your account ?

I may be wrong in my observations but that is why I'm asking

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Thank you for the clarification. mine is +1 GMT, so an hour earlier should not be a big issue!

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
yes in theory it could wipe off your account. thats why we need a hard stoploss of 200 or 300 pips just in case.

you need to protect your account regardless of what strategy or EA you are using. dont expect EA to do every thing for you

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
You see this is problematic what is the use of gaining 5-20% per month and then suddenly in one day you lose everything.

Maybe MC can clear this up I'm still trying to "get" this

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Common sense tells me it´s safer to cut losers than to add winners....

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
If the signals and price action tell you the move will continue to go against you then it would be the best option to cut the loser.  But that may mess up the hedge

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Phantom_AddSix_03b: maxDD: -9.50%, Floating P/L: -700.01$ (no profit)

Phantom_AddSix_02a: maxDD: -5.50%, Floating P/L: -362.20$ (no profit)

Basket14_02: maxDD: -2.66%, Floating P/L: +94.30$(1 trim and reverse) (no profit)

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Phantom Add 6 03b working really well.  Lowest margin so far 2359%.  Running since Monday on demo 500:1 margin 0.2 target 0.5.  Managed 7 closes so far for 3.5% return.  ONe thing I have seen is that occasionally the EA opens the same trade twice on the same hour.  Doesn't happen all the time but clearly this would have an effect on my margin.

Cheers

Paul

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
another way is to buffer the orders until a minimum DD is reached, then release orders to broker. this would allow less DD and reach target quickly. but you may miss some trades which reach target before the minimum DD

i am waiting for a coder to do this. it needs to hold the orders in a buffer and keep checking the DD of buffer orders, if its more than minimum DD, then release those orders, from then on its same as existing EA

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
---

Hi all!

I am attaching GBPCHF screen photo as a point of discussion on how we can improve the EA to avoid big DD. Overall I am giving the EA and this thread a big thumb ups. You guys a doing a great jo.

Sincerely,

Edd

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Maybe this EA can be used as a hard stoploss. I found it here on FF. A big thanks for the coder. Place it on a chart, timeframe doesn't mather. It is an EA, so put it in the Expert folder first

I modified it to show an alert when the cutoff limit is reached and all trades are closed.

Only problem: The phantom ea doens't reset after a close all trades caused by this EA. So with a hard stop loss of say $300, the phantom EA wants to reach the old $profit target. Which may be to far away. Manual reset the Phantom?

Maybe it can be changed so after a close all, it disables all the running EA's so a manual reset can be done or maybe implement it in the phantom in such way it resets the phantom EA. I am testing it manually with the Phantom Add 02 and Add 02.taz.

I know this isn't the way Metacoder intends the working of his EA's, but maybe worth a try?

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
@ Metacoder: How do you think of implementing an option to reset the Phantom EA at an X amount of loss in dollars?

In that way it keeps the old trades open but reacts faster on the changing of the markets with new trades.

Just an idea that came up this moment. Need also a little time to think if it can improve some of the Phantom versions.

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
MC, sounds like some of these guys would like to reinstate the old external variables, MinMiniEquity and MinStdEquity. I think we quit using them because they caused a lot of confusion. I kind of liked those myself and was somewhat disappointed when you took them out.

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
FYI, Steve's MPTP also got an option to close all trades if the loss is too big

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
AddSix_02a closed this morning and 03 closed twice

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
This one closed again. So far it has closed every day since I started it (3 days).

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Can't please everyone that's for sure.  At least the EAs continue performing well.

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
I'm a fan of MC!

he follows the path and that is correct.

I would like to report that support this path-

MC please stand firm and do not get attention in a different direction.

Stay with us so faithfully!

if I should send more info please ask.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
For anyone interested I tested a 3 pairhedge as follows:

Buy EURUSD

Buy USDJPY

Sell EURJPY

Kept the orders open for 5 years on MT5 strategy tester to see how the pairs contract and expand...

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
I'm finding it hard to understand what you mean by "buffer the orders until a minimum DD is reached".

Please give me an example, it will help me understand a LOT.

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
Almost +20% in a month.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_01a.htm

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Just in case, somebody got this strange problem like me.

Problem:

After running sometime, the EA (Phantom*.*) will seem like "freeze" : the calculations not done and comments on screen not updated.

Solution:

Change the magic number and restart.

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
That is great. It's on Collective FX, is it 100:1?

AddSix_01 on my IBFX 50:1 is not doing well at all. It hit the margin call level about a week ago using the .667 MaxMargin and 1.0 ProfitPct. I closed all the trades and saved about $2800 balance and started it over at .335 and 0.5. It has never closed since and now has a 145% margin level. It will probably hit the margin call level (100%) again soon.

I must have missed 01a. Is that just the same EA with 0.3 and 0.5 settings?

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Lets say the EA starts now. it adds orders for GU, EJ. and after another 1 hr lets say it adds CHFJPY. now these orders are in place. lets say the total loss of these 3 orders after some time reaches 30$ or 1% draw down.  now you are down 1%. as per my mod, dont place these 3 orders. keep them in EA, calcualte the darwdown, when it reaches 1 %, now place these 3 orders. with this you are saving 1%. you can reach the target quicker compared to normal EA. most of the times the draw down reaches atleast 1% before retraces and results in profit

with this you can even increase your profit percentage a little since you entered at discounted price compared to normal EA

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Vienna, what MaxMargin and ProfitPct settings are you using on AddSix_03? And what leverage?

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
so the 3 initial added orders in your example are not real or are real?

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
MetaCoder,

The title in the statement is Phantom 14 add 04.

Are you saying the statement is actually for Phantom add6 01a?

Also, I can't find the Phantom add 6 01a to download it.

Is it the same as Phantom add6 01?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
And what happens if all 3 pairs continue moving up, which does happen occassionally, and you are holding them in escrow, or whatever you call it, while the value is rising. You will never close for that profit because you never get a 1% DD.

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
Ignore my previous post please, I found the other thread with the answers.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
MC has stated several times that he sometimes runs a program for a short time and then replaces it with another and that the name of his uploaded file is the name of the EA that is currently running on that account.

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
not real

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Okay so now we have the phantoms then these pre-real trades.

frazerd has a valid question.

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
you will miss that trade in that case. idea is to avoid some DD in favor of some profits. but actually if you can increase the profit percentage by 10% (lets say from 1% to 1.1%), then even if you miss 1 trade in 10, your bottom line remains same. you will have lesser DD.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
the current phantomsix_02 started 12 hrs back and is in 15% DD, it opened bunch of EJ buy orders while crashed. in such cases where one pair keeps adding trades, its difficult to balance the hedge with others. only hope is for this pair EJ to come back

anyone facing same problem ?

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
Sorry roundrock, I'm not your coder then, it can be done though but I just don't agree with it.

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
frazerd

for a while ago it was a discussion about to go with offshore brokers.and what is the best MT4 offshore broker and so on.

i really did not understand why you were after offshore brokers?

because of spread, leverage or hedging or maybe all of them together?

regards

fred

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
Hi MetaCoder,

On the topic of synthetic hedges, I'm still learning, we all know that you are using:

GU, UC, GC

CJ, EC, EJ

Making the Buys: GU, UC, EJ and the Sells: GC, CJ, EC

What I'm trying to do is get a similar combination but with reduced spread, for example:

GU, UC, GC

EU, UJ, EJ

Making the Buys: GU, UC, EJ and the Sells: GC, UJ, EU

But I don't think this will work as GU and EU are most of the time highly correlated with each other, or am I mistaken for thinking that?

What about the following example, which is the best combination I could make for the most reduced and balanced spreads (according to GoMarkets typical spreads):

GU, EU, EG

UJ, UC, CJ

Making the Buys: GU, EG, UJ and the Sells: UC, CJ, EU

TIA

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Yep, have the same problem.  Of course mine is more pronounced because I open trades every half hour hehe.  Sitting at about 20% dd right now

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
That is a common issue for these "Add" EAs, hence why I suggested a Dollar Buffer between the 1st and 2nd Biggest Winners before getting into a trade with the 1st BW.

I'm also contemplating "tracking" the movement of the Biggest Winner in the last hour to see if it should be traded in the next hour

e.g.

12:00 - GU is BW

... time passes ...

20:00 - GU is BW again, but ever since 19:00 it has been reducing, but is still able to keep it's place as BW.

In that case I would not trade it.

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
hello ,

it is:

extern double MaxMarginToUse      =     0.67;

extern double ProfitPct           =     1.0;

extern double MaxMiniProfit       =  1000.0;

extern double MaxStdProfit        = 10000.0;

extern int    MagicNumber         =  777111;

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Testing Phantom_AddSix_03b at the moment, current situation:

44 trades open, margin is at 205% and drawdown of 15%

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
do you have bunch of UJ, CJ orders ?

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Saidar and all, reports do not mean anything unless you tell us:

Type of account - Standard or Mini - most will be standard unless trading with IBFX

Leverage

MaxMarginToUse setting

ProfitPct setting

Remember that MC, on most of these EAs, has the default settings designed for a 50:1 mini account. If you are trading at higher leverages and on standard accounts you will need to adjust the settings down.

For example, I am using AddSix_03b on a 500:1 Tadawul standard account using MaxMargin 0.1 and ProfitPct 1.0. It has done pretty well with those settings until this morning. Max DD has gone as low as -17% and Lowest Margin %, which is the most important item in your screen comments, has been down to 993%, which I consider too low for a 500:1 leveraged account. So I will probably set MaxMargin lower and ProfitPct to 0.5 and see how that works out.

The point is that if you are not trading at 50:1 leverage on a IBFX type mini account where 1 pip = 1 centUS ($0.01 US), you need to experiment with different settings until you find what works for your situation.

Also, the latest settings MC has posted for the AddSix EAs at 50:1 leverage is MaxMargin 0.3 and ProfitPct 0.5. The original version was set at 0.67 and 1.0. If you haven't changed those that could also be part of your problem.

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Hey people,

I know this one is an older version, but I've been running Phantom AddSix_02.taz on Go Markets 1:50 lev at 0.5 mmtu and 1.0%  profit settings, it has done remarkably well. Can't post the stats as I'm at work, but so far up 23% in 8 days! and only 6% max DD. Lowest margin% was around 200%, which I know is shaky, but not horrible for a 1:50.

Seems to be the most promising to me so far...

BUT, is this version considered to be outside the framework of a balanced hedge thus less safe or not?

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
Definitely less safe.

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Frazer, it's incredibly patient of you to keep explaining the facts about account types and settings, but I believe it's time to let people discover for themselves that they need to become serious students of these things.

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
If you approach even 10% drawdown, it means the balance is too small for the account type or your settings are too aggressive.  Frazer has an excellent explanation of this above, which I am pretty sure we've repeated again and again, but we can't make you listen if you refuse to.

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
All is lost.

It will never recover.

Automatic trading is a cruel hoax.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Folks, some of you frustrate me.

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
That's too bad, not sure why, was just reporting the situation not complaining.

I wouldn't be wasting my time with your ea's if I didnt think they had some serious potential.  Would hate to see you go and not continue this venture together.

But you must do what u feel you have to i guess

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
you have MarcinCall of the account Real?

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
No Vienna, I think he was talking about tazmann's account.

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
It only seems to be the most promising because it has done well for a short time. I have a 500:1 GoMarkets demo running this EA and it was phenominal, It gained 35% in 2 weeks. However, it now has not closed since 22 Oct, it has accumulated 82 trades, has a almost $5,000 DD on a $7000 balance, -74% largest DD and 253% margin level. There will be a margin call very soon.

It is definitely outside the hedge and not safe, regardless of the short term results.

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
yep, abandoned that one quite awhile ago, and it was MY mod lol

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Thanks a lot frazer, I'll keep testing 3a/3b then. We'll see..

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
I understand this correctly?

I will continue with the trial -

ea this is ok -

I test until I have the right attitude and will continue to report-

Unfortunately, all removed by ActivTrades accounts at 1.11. shut-

I have to start new -

but who is a proper monetary management has flap-

I work with 400:1

account :1000 usd  lot 0.01

2000----lot  0.02

3000     lot  0.03 ........ok!

i have demoaccount tadawul 500:1 lot start 0.05 - 5000 usd -

by 6000 usd manuell 0.05  -

from 10000 usd 0.1--manuel -

it is test ok!

I try to quickly target:

MaxMargin ToUse: 0.1

ProfitPc: 0.25 - 0.5 -not higher !

I work with 2 ea why?

diversification is the main-

and the best - at present-is:

Phantom_AddSix_03 with Phantom AddSix_02

see the picture from me- and the statement-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
NO, but I think some of the thread participants want failure or expect failure, all the while foolishly setting themselves up for failure by using inappropriate account types for the account sizes, or not paying attention to the data being reported.

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Some of you want this to be the ultimate conclusion. Either that, or you think spot forex should make you rich overnight.

I believe the truth lies somewhere in between.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
this is another version-double account

stardet monday 25.10 -

you see-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
I am banker in Europe,

I work with funds from the stock market for customer-

No one is a millionaire in a few days-

this is stupid-

what you get for interest rates in Europe 3% per year!

if the 5% per month ea work that is absolutely perfect!

that are profitable in a year 60%!

that there is no bank I am also not in america and asia -

the people should understand it is a project with long-term

MC, so please make us more ...

best greating

vienna

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
I show and prove

4 ea see picture with the small adjustment

there is no margin-call

I know this is crazy but it shows the system is ok.

trading is:

see, know, trust -

This account is to show what it means to work with diversification-

it is for mental setting in the head-not for real trading -understand me i hope!

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
I'm with you vienna.

Don't quit, MC. Just ignore the static and keep doing what you're doing.

Most of us are very appreciative.

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
hello frazerd,

Thanks for your encouragement-

I will erase if ActivTrades the demo accounts start over-

as you may have read I am not a programmer -

I'm an old 47-year-old banker-http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

we will win!

best regards and very nice weekend-

vienna

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Thanks, vienna

I'm a little older than you, retired army officer, 72 years young and also not a programmer.

I hope you will have a good weekend as well.

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
The setting is picture-

Today I talked to broker he has demo account at 500:1 leverage

I can set free for 30 days -

I give regularly report-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Hey vienna, maybe you can get me hired to work with some bankers so I don't have to sling avionics code any more...

Can't hurt to ask!

Remember everyone, learn how to set your parameters carefully and several of these EAs should do well for you.  Have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
Vienna, I am trying to understand exactly what you are doing with the 2 EAs on same account. It looks like, in your statement, both EAs must be the same magic number - I only see 777111 listed in the statement. Thus either EA can close all the trades when the target is reached and all the screen comments are for the combined EAs (the entire account).

Taking smaller profits seems to be working quite well for you.

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
hi,

i am not understand this "I don't have to sling avionics code any more."

sorry my english is bad help me for understand this-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
Good Afternoon everyone,

I have to recognize I was wrong, my Phantom_AddSix_03b with 10.000.-$, Leverage 200:1, MaxMargintoUse: 0.5 (0.1 Lots) and ProfitPct: 0.75 since Tuesday is 4.25% up, Floating P/L: -30,23.-$, the best of all my tests....

Next week I will post statements, now I´m out....

Will test only Phantom_AddSix_03b for 1 month but look promising, thank a lot MC....

Good weekend

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
here is the report from the ea:

phantom_addsix_03b account 218380

setup . original:

MaxMargin to use:0.67

ProfitPC: 0.1

If I would conclude now all on friday I was in profit!

see the account-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
hi,

yes it is so-

all the same setting

all the same  magic number-

ea both work together towards a goal-

but both do different positions of open-

is the diversification- this is save-

i hope, i can help

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
That is looking very good, 16% profit in 7 days, but be careful.

You are trading at 400:1 leverage using settings designed for 50:1.

And those settings have since been reduced by half for 50:1.

Your screen comments indicate there has been a 33% draw down and your Lowest Margin % has been down to 182.94%. Those are very low figures for a 400:1 leveraged account.

Also, your screen comments indicate AddSix_03, not 03b??

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
sorry, yes it is AddSix_03 !!!

i am tired in europa is in the night and the day was long for me-

I test here the limit-

I know it has already been corrected by MC-

I test on my server demos 10 -

all other settings to see -

the bandwidth is important for me to come to me in the right setting.

I have already undergone an account to MC-setting.

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
He is joking.. his full time occupation is writing code, apparently for avionics.. if you got him a job at a bank, he would not have to do that anymore.

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
My job is not easy-

I think MC has the better-

i go sleep...

everyone should have a nice weekend..

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
No I wasn't!

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
--

Tazmaan,

Are you going to leave us alone too? I know you can handle it. You have been one of the inner circle in the development of NB/TB (Bob and Steve) and without any doubt contributed a lot in the thread. With that kind of experience I believed you can be of help in the conclussion of this endevour.

Sincerely,

Edd

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
A theoretical question:

If we are looking at whether "phantom trades are profitable" when they opened at a given time...then isn't that the same as looking at the difference in price between "now" and "then"?

So conceivably, if at any time "now" we could compute "when was the then", we don't need to store and save in global variables the opening of the phantom trades, we just have to compare prices now vs then.

The strategy is a "trend follower" looking at unsmoothed deltas between now (top of every hour) and certain mark points, and opening trades in the pair & direction of the strongest trend.   Real time close happens any time basket profit is sufficiently large.

Is there something I'm missing?

If not, then perhaps the code infrastructure for storage & management of the phantoms are superfluous if one can look up previous prices directly.

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Nope, I am used to all the stuff that goes on on this forum   I am not going anywhere

Whether that's good or bad, I have no idea (for anyone) lol.

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
if you dont store the 'then price', how do you get it ? one way is to store the start time and then go back using 1 min TF and get the close price of that 1 min bar. but from coding perspective its easy to store them in global variables to avoid calculting 'then price' every time. in coding world, performance is given equal importance, thats why store the calculated values somewhere and reuse instead of doing calculations every tick

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
I guess I don't understand the difference.  Once an hour you calculate delta (now-then), it just changes where you get the "then price" from---a global variable or MT4 history. I don't think there's a huge amount of difference---other than saving a bunch of administrative code.  Am I correct, or not?

On the newest versions which reset every 8 hours won't the start times be nearly always on-the-hour, in which case you could use the the opens of 1H bars as a "then" reference point?

In fact, for me the main reason I'm thinking this way is generalizing and understanding the method: it's just trend-following, and so there may be even better statistics than what is currently being used.

I see the big trick is to consider the multiple pairs together and select  trades based on relative strength across currencies, not just each pair  independently against some arbitrary "is trending" threshold.

But first, let's get confirmation that my hypothesis about what it is doing is correct, i.e. I'm fully understanding the implications of the strategy.

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
"On the newest versions which reset every 8 hours won't the start times be nearly always on-the-hour, in which case you could use the the opens of 1H bars as a "then" reference point? "

Since I dont know squat about coding, I guess you are asking if there is an easier way to code the phantoms. That I dont know. But you are correct in that you are looking at difference in price from start of phantoms to the current price. You would have to ask MC but I dont think the phantoms start on begining of one hour bar. They start when you start up the EA or when there is a equity pop. As for the 8 hour reset, Dont know if its the top of the hour or 8 hours from when the EA started.

As for the stategy you are correct, it is very short term trend trading (from start or reset of phantoms).  When it works well you will get a equity pop just about every day or twice a day. The problems arise when the markets get choppy. Thats where the concept of the synthetic hedge comes in. If you have long trades for ex. in EUR/JPY and the market turns short the ea will then probably start to take shorts in CHF/JPY thus somewhat balancing out your exposure. I think the trick is to keep exposure somewhat balanced enough without taking too much drawdown until a few pairs move far enough and long enough to give you an equity pop. At least thats my take on it.

All the testing and new versions now I believe are looking for the best ways to avoid those big drawdowns and get quicker equity pops.

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
Having read both your posts, I think your opening statement is correct, you don't understand and you need to go back to the beginning of the thread and start reading.

These EAs do not use statistics or trends. The phantoms are trading in real time and providing real time information on which pairs are the biggest winners.

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
The account is a 200:1 Standard.

The settings are 0.67 for MaxMarginToUse and 0.5 for ProfitPct.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_03b_TADAWUL.htm

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
Closing every day.. I love it MC.

I think the lower ProfitPct is a good move.

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
I have downloaded and looked the source code and am running it, and I've read a significant part of the thread.

Is this correct (please correct as necessary)

At top of each hour, the bot looks at the difference in price at present vs price of the same pair at the saved mark price (the phantoms).  Those saved prices are stored in MT4 persistent global variables.  The robot computes from all pairs on the list "which one would have been the largest winner", i.e. the hypothetical profit difference assuming a fixed lot size (not sure about) trade would have been entered in each pair.  Half are designated to be always buys and another half always sells. The robot enters a real trade in the same direction and in the same pair which is the one with the greatest win among the hypothetical trades.

When I say "statistic" I'm using it in the technical sense that any concrete function extracted from observations is called a "statistic", i.e. an actual number computed from data as opposed to a parameter of a theoretical unknown distribution. In this case the hypothetical profit which is a multiplicative factor times the price difference is what I call the statistic.

I call it "trend following" because once there is a hypothetical winner, meaning the price has changed in a certain direction by the maximum amount among pairs, it places a trade in the same direction on the same pair under the assumption that the price is more probable to continue in the same direction.  I call this "trend following" because it profits when there are positive autocorrelations in price differences (between now and the phantom---i.e. the market moved in a certain direction, and the now and the future when real trade is active, in the same direction).

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Well mb, you are obviously a hell of a lot smarter than I. I can hardly pronounce some of the words you use and therefore I have no idea what you are talking about.

The phantom trades are real time trades and yes, half are always buys and the other half sells - they change with every tick of the pair. At the top of each hour the EA looks at the prices of the phantoms, which are shown in your screen comments too, and places a real trade of whatever pair is the biggest winner at that exact moment. Then when the trades come into profit it closes all trades when the equity reaches ProfitPct above Last Flat Equity (the last time all trades were closed).

That, in a nutshell and in my Tennessee hillbilly language, is how the EA works. If that is what you said above, then you have it right.

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
he must be good at scrabble, hehehe.

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
No, not that great.

But I do mathematical software & machine learning for a living though, so I probably used some confusing jargon without realizing it.

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
Hi all,

There seems to be a bit of confusion from users about settings and a bit of agro/frustaration from the designers of this system towards those users as it is perceived they are not reading enough.

Could I try and put into perspective. I am not a coder but I do have an average understanding of what basket trading is about and I like it.

I have read the whole thread, some parts twice, some parts three times. I still have difficulty with the settings. I am having good profits then large DD.

My accounts are as follows. A standard 100:1 demo with $10,000. It can trade lots from 0.01 up. I have a live account that I want to use for trading this ea. It is a standard 100:1 but I only have equity of about $1200. It can trade lots from 0.01 up.

I cannot work out what the best settings are for these accounts. I want run both of them and once they (and I through true understanding) both perform consistently I can then transfer over to my other live account which is where I do my serious trading.

I am now using the Phantom_AddSix_02a version. Maybe a simple (for non coders, not the very clever coder people) explanation of which version does what and the best setting for each of them for the different account types. Put it in a word document and if a new version or modification is made, update that portion of the document and attach a prefix which is the date (281010) so everyone can easily establish the latest document.

What appears to be happening in this thread is no different to many threads, as they become larger and different version of this and that start to evolve, we lose track of what is happening and the forum folds.

If the latest versions are updated and placed on the first page of the thread, then everyone knows where to get them rather than trolling through multiple attachment pages.

The coders of this system have done a brilliant job, I believe MC should have power of veto about which versions are placed on the first page and if anyone wants to modify his stuff (without his endorsement) they should start a new thread.

Is it too much to ask? Some of us are not computers and as such we have to punch the info in more than once.

Comments agreeing or disagreeing most welcome.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
What has your lowest margin % been, MC?

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
352.17% on the Tadawul account.

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
aajduk, here are a couple of pretty good guidelines I believe.

If the floating loss goes below -10%, or if the lowest margin goes below 500%, it means your MaxMarginToUse setting is too high.

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Ok started on two new accounts today, my previous two accounts were at 30% drawdown so I closed them.  I believe my max margin settings was too high at 0.6.

Using Phantom_AddSix_03b by the way...

Two accounts are as follows:

Mini account $2000: 100 Leverage

MaxMarginToUse: 0.3

ProfitPct: 0.5

Standard account $2000: 100 Leverage

MaxMarginToUse: 0.2

ProfitPct: 0.1

Will post results every day.

And MC good job !

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Thanks MC,

Will take that into account. Problem I now have is that when attaching ea I am getting the sad face not the smiley face. Never had this before, all the phantom trades are sitting in place. Have not rally changed anything, cleared global variables and re-attached, but only a sad face.

Help!!!

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
1. metadrader newstart- it is ok!

2.you see this :

extern bool   Bailout = false; it is ok?

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
I have in the ea only the name with the setting -

so I can better test-

we see no matter who opens what positions-

images in the two can see them in the name of what works-ea

It is interesting that the same currencies are open again on 03 and again on 02

I HOPE you can read it-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
Hello Vienna,

I do not know what you mean by metatrader newstart, but the external bool bailout is set to false.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
Look at the picture

read the report -

MaxMargin:0.1

ProfitPc:0.1

Leverage 50:1

unbelievable.......

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
complete close and
Restart-

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Forgot to hit live trading in the common tab.

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
Actually it's very dangerous.  The account is a Standard and margin has dropped below 100%.

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
yes ,

absolutely-

I recommend no real trade-!!!!!!!!

for me only relevant for research

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
I had the same experience as vienna early this morning on my AddSix_01 demo. On my spread sheet you can see very clearly what happened.

Margin went to 100%, which triggers a margin call. The broker software then closes the biggest losers until margin rises above 100% again. It then waits until margin goes back down to 100% and repeats the closing of losers until it goes back above 100%, etc., etc.

After several of those margin call closes, apparently the GBPUSD and CHFJPY went on a big run in our favor. My demo had 240 open trades at that time. I had set PP at 0.25. It reached 25% profit and started closing trades at 1400 GMT. It took 5 minutes to close the 240 trades and profit just kept increasing as they were closing. My account, which was in a margin call situation ended up with a profit of almost 8%. Amazing.

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Hey Frazer, it looks like your AddSix_03 demo is chugging along nicely.

A margin call on the AddSix_01 demo turning into full closure for good profit, yes that's pretty amazing.

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
Collective FX and Tadawul demo accounts still fine.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_01a.htm

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_03b.htm

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
Hello MetaCoder,

Thanks for your EAs.This is my first post here and I still have a long long way to go to be able to catch up, now at page 28 of the thread. But may I ask which one of the EAs is your most favorite and is trading live? I'm demoing Phantom_AddSix_03b started this week. It made 3 pops already. Attached is the statement.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
report from 03b

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
What are the settings being used for the testings?

Especially there are no TP and SL. How the trades are being close?

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
please Read the thread-

Read the thread-

they will all see and understand-

Then ask your.....

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Tadawul 500:1 and TheCollective 100:1 both closed again and are doing well except for Lowest Margin being lower than I'd like.

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Here are my 50:1 demos updated this morning. I have gone to PP of 0.25 and so far I like the results closing more often for less profit. With that setting you will see several times that the EAs closed with just 1 trade.

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
Frazer, I like the stability of 02a a lot.

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
I feel strongly that everyone has to make this determination for h(er/im)self.

Frazer's reports are superb, you can learn much from reading them.

Another thing is to try your hardest to read the EA code, and understand the package of tactics they implement.

Nothing beats doing your own testing.  Frazer is a role model for how to test these EAs.

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
I don't know if I am imagining things but it seems to me like the EA closes the trades at random when the profit is in the positive.  I just manually calculated the profits if the last three trades and it is not even close to the 0.8% that I specified.

Can it be that the market moves that fast while the orders are closing ?

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
I don't understand your question.

There's nothing random about what the EA does.

There's randomness in the market action, of course.

Do you expect the EA to somehow control the movement in exchange rates during the time it's closing the trades?

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Nope I don't that is what I'm asking if everyone is experiencing this.

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Okay. Thanks MC. I understand. Now testing 02a.

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
If you'll read the thread you'll see several posts where people remark on the fast moving market during closure.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
MC is there a certain algorithm that you used to get those synthetic hedge pairs or dit you randomly exchange two groups of 7 until they balanced out?

I want to simulate the 14 pair hedge in MT5 but MT5 does not have all the currencies so not sure which ones to use...

I did a normal balance equation but then I get non existing pairs as part of the set.

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
The 14 pairs were suggested by another trader on this forum. An analysis of why it is a pure synthetic hedge is discussed in first post of the Confirm 14 thread - http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=251869

Is it MT5 that doesn't have all of the currency pairs, or is it the broker?

You just want to have a balanced many-pair set where the numerators and denominators are the same after cancelling common numerators and denominators.

This illustrates what I'm referring to:

http://members.cox.net/rcochran/supercurrencies.jpg

See how we are left with AUD+EUR+EUR+GBP+NZD / CHF+JPY+JPY+JPY+USD on each side?

If you can readily see the several smaller synthetic hedge combinations inside this larger synthetic hedge, you have the same level of understanding I do in this area.

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
MC as always is right, I remember one Friday markets moves so fast that a profit closure was finally a 2% loss....

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
The opposite can happen. Frazer recently got a margin call but ended up with an 8% gain.

It's important to use settings that DON'T let margin calls happen, and to select strategies that, while possibly very boring, do not open too many trades. We want our full closures to be as quick as possible, and fewer trades means quicker closures. This is why I like AddSix_02(a). But then people try it and notice it can take a long time to open a trade, and they get bored/frustrated, and think something is wrong. Lack of understanding and impatience is the root cause. Relentless pursuit of full understanding and patience are the cure.

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
I understand how it works, it's just a mind twister to find new ones hehe, but I just used the use and eliminate approach and it is working.

Few brokers support MT5 at the moment so I'm using the normal metaquotes feed and they don't have all the NZD pairs.

I'm going to use for now the following hedge to do some tests:

EURUSD      EURJPY

USDJPY      AUDCHF

AUDJPY      CHFJPY

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Yep, 02a and 03 seem to be the ones to use. I think with the 0.25 PP I may find that they do not get into the many-trade/high DD/Low Margin situations as often.

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
Agreed, the smaller profit targets look beneficial.

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
you mean 03b?

fred

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Nope I think he means what he said - 03.

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
Yes, 03, but we are still in the early stages of testing these EAs - that could change with time. I have just changed all my demos to 0.25 PP and as that change begins to take effect it could change my thinking.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
Frazer, the results for 03 looked better than 03a or 03b even before your ProfitPct adjustment.

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
I am new to this form of trading. I have spent time reading through this thread from beginning to end.

I have tried not to ask what I perceive to be stupid questions, but to research the answers myself. It is still pretty murky water out there but its a lot clearer than mud.

Instant millionaires are not going to be manufactured through this system but I believe the returns will be far more substantial than the banks. A lot of guys who understand both coding and basket trading to a far greater degree than I have spent a lot of time and effort in developing codes and talking on this thread. Thanks for that.

To all the winge-ing greedy B$£%&*D's out there who don't want to do anything except have life offered on a plate with no input, I think you need to get a life and start researching a few simple answers for yourselves. LEARN TO TYPE "GOOGLE" YOU CAN GET A LOT OF ANSWERS FOR YOURSELVES.

To all the hard working traders and coders this is great. Keep up the good work guys. When I think I have something constructive I will call.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
pipssqueak, thanks!

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
Have not tried reading the thread?

Hedging is built into the EAs.

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
hello ,MC and frazerd,

pure chance has led me to this setting-

as I have showed many times do I combine the ap-

the picture you see what I use -

here the setting:

First ea : Phantom_AddSix_02  Setup 01-025-

is :MaxMarginToUse 0.1

PofitPc:0.25 !!!

Mgixnumber:777112

Second ea: Phantom_AddSix_02  Setup 01-025

MaxMarginToUse 0.1

PofitPc:0.5 !!

Mgixnumber:777111

both turn on simultaneously ea

ea by each working alone -

but ea always includes all positions in common-

best you try it yourself -

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Today only change magic number-

Wrongway nr. 777112

setup:

is :MaxMarginToUse 0.1

PofitPc:0.25 !!!

10. 25 .2010 has been a good research results

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
vienna, I think you're having too much fun!

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Yes, it did. However, the PP adjustment might change that if the others can close more quickly and avoid getting too many open trades. That's what has been causing them to lag behind.

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Party on then.

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
That is cool, Vienna.

I have a question for MC. I would have thought that because close-all is based on account equity and not magic number, the EA with ProfitPct 0.25 would close only it's own magic number trades when account equity reached 25% above Last Flat Equity. Since the account equity is the total of combined trades from both EAs, the trades it closes may not be profitable without the trades with the other magic number, which it cannot close.

By the same token, the EA with 0.5 PP would only be able to close when it's own magic number trades produce 50% profit and that may never happen unless it happens during the short time between a 25% close-all and when the 0.25 EA places trades again.

That little spiel even has me confused. I hope you can understand what I'm trying to say. I guess the question is, do the EAs keep track of Equity and Last Flat Equity by magic number? I would not have thought that possible, but I see that both of  Vienna's magic numbers have closed.??

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Awesome post mate!

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_03b_TADAWUL.htm

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_01a.htm

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_03b_IBFX.htm

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
Frazerd

For $3000 standard account size 50:1 with Phantom -addsix-02a,do you think these setting are ok or too conservative?

MMTU=0.3

Lot=0.1

PP=0.5

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
After testing many of the Phantom Ea's I would agree that .25 PP is a good setting especialy on a 3k acct.. Less trades. Think about it, you only need 4 equity pops per week to make 1%. Already had 4 on 03b in 2 days. I would gladly take 1% per week.

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
I'm using MMTU 0.4 and PP 0.25 on the same size and same leverage account.

The Lot setting has no function in these EAs. As I understand it, it is just a setting left over from some of MC's other work. In his last couple of EAs he has eliminated that setting.

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
one question on testing. is reducing the PP to 0.25% from 1 going to result in better DD, margin situations ? my observation is whenever we saw huge DD, it was never in profit side, it keeps adding same pair every hour for 10-15 hours (mostly during asia session) thus resulting in a situation where only one pair is dominating the basket. then it takes a while for other pairs to come to basket and the dominant pair slowly moving in our direction, then we get into profit

if reducing PP doesnt solve Margin, DD issue why sacrifice it ? or reducing PP will result in more pops ? in one week with 1% PP we have 6 pops, then with 0.25% PP we will have more than 24 pops ?

btw, i am also fan of smaller profits and lesser open trades

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Keep in mind that when reducing the PP from 1% to 0.25%, you are in effect increasing the spread needed to trade by x4 just to get to the equivalent of 1% PP.  Although larger spread spend is a minor issue in the long run.

Reducing MMTU is one way to solve the large DD issue as MetaCoder has pointed out a couple of times already.

Finding the optimum MMTU & PP settings for your own Account size and Leverage are key - just like frazerd has posted through his research.

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
03a stopped opening trades while 03b continues. Is this normal for the 03a?

03a MMTU is 0.3, PP 0.5

03b MMTU is 0.2, PP 0.5

There are no error messages in the experts and journal tab.

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
I think it's good to target for 0.25% if there's only one or few open trades. But if there are many several trades and in huge DD, once the direction of the prices move towards our favor, it will be very fast to reach 1%, 2% or even more.

just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
i agree. i noticed that. when we are fully loaded and when the market moves in our direction then its likely to hit higher targets. but since we are already in huge DD, caution is the key. dont be greedy, take whatever it gives and get out. how you take the huge DD in your stride is the key to success in this system

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
[Quote = MetaCoder; 4141888] Wien, ich glaube, du bist zu viel Spaß![/ Quote]

yes I have a lot of fun-

but it is also a test -

I'll wait if a setting the account-destroyed

until now there has been no account of the death-

what's my resumé:

I'm flying now for a business  to race formula1 -

when I get back I will start with 2 ea the real trade-

I then tested nearly a month all-

almost all tests have shown me with pictures and reports.

I'll tell you then-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
3 ea account

setting:

MaxMarginToUse 0,1

PofitPc: 0,25!  all the same-

you see lowest margin is very good-

is various magic number-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
I think I found the answer why.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4044253

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
I don't think that's the answer luiboy. I don't believe that strategy of not opening a trade on a pair unless all previous trades are winners is being used in any of the AddSix EAs. MC can confirm or deny that belief. Maybe we should try it though.

Truthfully, I have lost track of the differences in the AddSix EAs. I will have to go back and research to refresh my own understanding and then try to figure out what makes one work better than the others.

I do know that AddSix_01 is the only one that opens trades on ALL winners of the 6 pairs every hour, as opposed to only opening a trade on the biggest winner. That is why 01 keeps getting into margin call situations.

I also know that the only difference in 03a and 03b is that 03b resets the phantoms every 8 hours.

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
I also think there is actually no longer differences.

It is well explained.

We can not and will not recommend here -

everyone should learn to research itself and

Everyone can take demo account and use all the settings from here-

I'm testing now with a demo account:

Phantom_AddSix_02 und 03 yes double!

Leverage: 400:1

Balance :  8600 USD
MaxMargin: 0.01 - !!

ProfitPc: 0.025 !

WHY?

I see ea is working on minimum lot- ea trade 0.01 lot!

so I have a much of time for the tp!

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Oopss.. Sorry that's a typo error. I was talking about 02a and not 03a.

02a opened 2 trades at the 11:00 hour. No open trades at the moment after closing the basket 5 hours ago.

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
for last 5 hrs GBPJPY was the biggest winner and thats not in our list of 6, thats why no trade

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
PP 0.025 ? what about the spread ?

vienna, is there a reason you are combining multiple EA on same account ?

my testing so far proves addsix_02 is the best performing EA considering all aspects.

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
I think you've read my messages not.

1. point is: dieversifikation of currencies

2. point is: small trade as possible

my account is fixspread-

broker activtrades standard account you have mor information for the website-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Whoa, stop right there.  A ProfitPct of 0.25 means we get out at 0.25% in equity pop, not 25%.

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Last Flat Equity is tracked by magic number, but current equity is based on the account irrespective of any EAs.

I still don't understand exactly what vienna is doing and I kind of wish he wouldn't show his results from it because then the thread gets cluttered with posts asking about what he's doing. It's great to get such stunning results from it but the trader has to be very techie and we have people here who are at the most basic level.

I focus on the straightforward and obvious way of running the EAs - one per account.

I couldn't possibly answer questions from people who start stacking up EAs on an account. They're on their own if they do that.

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
I think you figured out that with 02(a), one of the 6 currency pairs has to distinguish itself among the 14 to be traded. And that does not always happen on minute 0 of every hour. The benefit of it is that trades are not taken unless a pair is really seeing some strong action. The strategy is less vulnerable to reacting to head-fakes in market action.

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
Hi MC,

I understand-
I'll just post the accounts with an expert advisor-

I would not bother here -

or annoy someone.

apologize,

I hope we can continue working.http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

I think they are benefited and some others,

ask if anyone has it please email:Private Messages

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Ooops, my mistake. But the question still remains - one EA closing at .25% and the other at .5%?

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
3 of my 5 AddSix demos closed at least once today. The 2 that have not closed are AddSix_02a and 03b. AddSix_01 closed a whole bunch of trades again, and again caught a good move in the right direction and took a big profit and then closed a second time for a small profit.

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
you see this report-

MaxMargin :0.67

Profit: 1.0

Leverage 400:1

The setting is only for scientific

MC-they no longer recommend-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
you see this report-

MaxMargin :0.1

Profit: 1.0

Leverage 400:1

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
This one is giving me second thoughts about going offshore for the 500:1 leverage. It is on track for 20% a month. Take a look at the stats here: http://www.mt4i.com/users/frazerd-tad-03b-500/stats

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Very impressive - 32.5% in 2 weeks!!

What has been the lowest margin %?

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
500:1 is ok from tadawul-

the problem is the lot from 0.05 !

i beginn not a real account by tadawul-is too dangerous-

1. commanded at the stock exchange is:

protect your money !!!

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
LM: 182,94 %

is too dangerous

vienna

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Right, I'm confused by it too.  He makes it work, though.

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
This one has now closed again also. It has been a pretty good day for these EAs.

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Hello MC,

Does the above ea reset after 8 hours or do I need to place the modification mentioned previously into it.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
no need to write any extra code, the ea takes care of it

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
And again.

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
What does it mean of resetting the EA?i really did not get it.

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
Normally in the other phantom EAs the phantom values just continue to update all the time. Resetting every 8 hours means that they are set back to zero and start over. It may or may not make a big difference in how the EA works. If 02a and 03b do better than the others over time, we can conclude that resetting is beneficial. Those are the only 2 that reset the phantoms.

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
thank you alot.

for offshore brokers it seems the leverage is a big deal.isn't it?

other advantage is the Hedging,but MC EAs does not do hedging,right?

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
They do a synthetic hedge, not a same pair hedge so you won't have troubles at any broker.

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
There have been several requests for a document that lists the EAs we currently consider the best ones and an explanation of what they do. I believe we are at a point now where we have narrowed the field to just the AddSix EAs, with the understanding that the EAs developed prior to those, although they can be very profitable for short periods, are too risky.

Here is a Word document that explains the differences in the AddSix EAs, as best I can reconstruct it. MC might want to make some modifications and re-post it.

One thing I am not clear on is how 03 and 03a differ. If 03 trades only the largest winner of the 6 traded pairs, how does it sometimes place more than 1 trade during minute 0? Would it be if 2 or more have the same value at minute 0? And, if that is the case, how does 03a, under the same circumstance, determine which pair to trade when it only allows 1 trade per hour?

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Again today 02a and 03b have not closed.

These are the two that reset every 8 hours - maybe it's not a good strategy? Time will tell.

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
Both doing well and closing often with 0.25 PP.

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
It's not the reset every 8 hours because my Collective FX and Tadawul accounts are running with EAs that reset the phantoms every 8 hours, and they're doing very well. And I don't even think it's the bigger spreads on IBFX.

I believe it's the proportion of lot size to ProfitPct.

Since my Collective FX and Tadawul accounts are standard accounts with small $3,000 balances, each tick is worth more money than a tick on the 50:1 IBFX accounts. While the dollar profit targets are the same, they are reached faster.

To imitate this on 50:1 IBFX accounts, we'd need to ratchet the ProfitPct down proportionally. I haven't done the math to figure out what the value would be.

If we reduce the ProfitPct on the IBFX accounts, each full closure would be for a pretty small amount, but I think we'd see more frequent closures with fewer periods of a lot of trades staying open for a relatively long time.

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
I looked at it, Frazer. It looks good! I don't believe I could improve it.

In the not-too-distant future, I'd like to develop documentation and even EA logic that explains/analyzes the account type and all relevant account attributes so that optimal MaxMarginToUse and ProfitPct settings are automatically determined.

But first, we need to zero in on optimal settings. We have enough data to do it, just need time and energy to do a thorough analysis and implementation.

It's looking to me like pretty small profit targets are appropriate. Exactly how small, I'm not sure. And then we need to understand how to proportion everything, considering account type, leverage level, etc.

Like many of you, I want an EA I can drag on drop on just about ANY MT4 platform and not have to worry about all of these settings.

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Fraser,

You are amazing. Thanks so much for the document and the stats.

Also, thanks to you, MetaCoder.

Both of you are special.

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Thank you for the kind words Pluto.

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
resetting phantoms every 8 hrs avoids one pair continuosly adding trades without giving any chance to others.

one more thing is EA resets at hour 0, 8, 16. this depends on your broker timezone. if he is GMT+2, then market is already past 2 hours.  may be we should have external variables to take AS, EU, US market open hours and reset using this.

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Hi MC,

I know this is meant not as-

But I test everything -

everyone can try my own test-

he must also -

the best for me is Phantom_AddSix_03 in all accounts-

Test: not for real-account!!!!! this is for science!!

have you a big account 50000 usd ?!

account minimum 5000 usd by Leverage minimum 400:1

MaxMargin :5.0

ProfitPct: 0.4-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
You are right again, as usual. My Tadawul 500:1 and Collective 100:1 are both running 03b and both are doing well.

Yes, as you know, I have already reduced all my PP to 0.25 and my IBFX accounts are $3000 starting balance. They are now closing for just $6 - $9 depending on what the market is doing when they close. And they are closing more often and with fewer trades than before. I think you can see that on my spread sheets, where the profits become smaller and the closings more frequent.

Now that I think about it, the reason my IBFX 02a and 03b demos have not closed since I changed the PP is that they both already had a significant number of trades open when I made the change and they have not yet come back into profit to take advantage of the changed settings.

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Amen! Let me know what I can do to help.

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
That would make sense if you had also changed MaxMarginToUse.

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Looking at my last 2 days of results on my AddSix_01 demo since changing PP to 0.25, it seems that the change has made a significant impact on that particular EA. It has closed 4 times in those 2 days with as few as 5 trades, just a little while ago, and as many as 41 trades. This is the account that had reached margin call level twice with hundreds of open trades.

The 41 trade group, when it closed, had 14 GBPCHF trades that were all losers except for one $0.14 winner which was opened 11 minutes prior to closing. It also had 4 CHFJPY trades, which were all big losers.

I am just wondering if this EA, which is the one that gets into trouble because of too many trades being opened, might benefit from the getting strategy of requiring all previous trades on a pair to be winners before opening a new one.

That particular strategy just seems very reasonable to me. Why open a new trade on a pair that has reversed and is now headed in the wrong direction? Seems to me that it would be beneficial to all the EAs, but more so to one that opens too many trades anyway.

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
this is the best from MC for the

Trader by Activtrades Leverage 400:1

sorry not for american people-

you see the report

Maxmargin: 0,67

ProfitPct: 1.0

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Later versions have other ways of not overtrading, and I think they are as effective as the criterion you mention.

AddSix_01 at this point is a throwaway version in my eyes, but it surely was part of a good lineage.

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Last I checked we Americans can still use high leverage levels with non-USA brokers who are willing to take us as clients.

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
I think he means that his broker, ActivTrades, will not accept us anymore.

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
this is for you a good information ,

i can test-

I've tested everything and some demo account are still activ-

but I do not know why the 03 version and the 02 version is absolutely perfect-looking

I have 50 demo account worked but 03a, b, are not so perfect -

I do not know why ..why, ? i am not understand...sorry,

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
yes ,you understand me..

thank you

frazer

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
you have the question asked why close on a different account with 2 ea

you give a profit ea 02 with 0.25 and the other ea 03 with various magic numbers on chart 2

if  the price has reached the first profit the first-ea makes the award  goes on and reached the next target EQ and then closes there-

It is like a stage, the price rises higher and is gradually closed in-

ask?

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
This might shed some light on the topic:  http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1629

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Best advice to him is to demo test for several months so he's comfortable and let him make the decision which EA, if any, to use.

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
Nice one.  +28.8% in a week and a half.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSix_03b_TADAWUL.htm

It's a STANDARD 200:1 account with a small balance ($3,000).

MaxMarginToUse 0.67, ProfitPct 0.5, lowest margin so far is 352%.

Here's the exact copy of the EA I'm using.

|

v

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
This one is still alive. It's a STANDARD 100:1 demo.

MaxMarginToUse 0.67, ProfitPct 1.0. Lowest margin has been 162%, pretty low. However the equity gain is pretty good.

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom_AddSi...COLLECTIVE.htm

Exact EA being used right now.

|

v

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
This is same as Phantom_AddSix_02 except it will start the basket only after reaching a minimum drawdown level. Several times we see the regular EA reaching a drawdown level of 1% or 2% before reaching profit percentage. with this EA we dont enter strautaway.

Lets say the EA is started, at every hour it finds the biggest phantom winner from 14 and if its one of our 6 then it adds this to a buffer. It doesnt send to broker yet. Like this it keeps adding to buffer every hour based on same condition. The EA keeps calculating the PL of the buffer. If the buffer loss is 1.5% (configurable as MinDrawdownToEnter)

, then it will release these buffered orders to broker at current market price. Because of this we are ahead of 1.5% when compared to those that are trading regular Phantom_AddSix_02.

since we are ahead by 1.5%, we will reach the profit quicker than regular guys. we can aim higher profit compared to regular EA. we can increase the PP by 20% ie from 1% to 1.2% or from 0.5% to 0.6%

if the buffer profit reaches PP without reaching MinDrawdownToEnter, then it will close the buffer and starts again. ofcourse we are missing a winning trade compared to regular EA.

Advantage with this : Lower DD. higher PP on each cycle

Disadvantage : we may miss some profitable cycles if it happens too quickly

Settings : MinDrawdownToEnter. this is the only new parameter added. if this is too low, then you dont get much benefit in terms of DD. If its too high, you miss some profitable trades. I would suggest 1%-1.5% to start with. dont forget to increase your PP. if this is 0, then its exactly same as reguar Phantom_AddSix_02. since we have the buffer, this may look slow in terms of trades. it may take a while to see the first trade in your account

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Ok my results for the past week:

100:1 Mini IBFX Account, starting balance $2000.

Current Balance: $2174

Settings were as follows:

MaxMargin:1

ProfitPct: 0.8

Maximum drawdown of about 300%, a little too low for me so I set the MaxMargin to 0.8 for the following week.

Anyone here running a live account?  MC it would be awesome if you could develop code to automatically adjust the settings with the account type like you said, but I think we need a lot more consistent data to do that.  Think I'm going to hire a VPS and start accumulating some stats.

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Thanks for the recent explanations and the word document outlining the different versions. I am running Phantom_Addsix_2a on a small live account and I think the mmtu setting is really the only setting that might be a bit of trial and error.

I am happy with 0.5% profit. If it can do that just twice everyday then a $1000 account will be over $12000 in a year. Small bits consistently make big bits over time.

I liken this method to the tortoise (is that spelling correct) and hare race. Slow and steady always wins.

My account is 100:1, equity $1200 and I will use MMTU of 0.2 (maybe even lower), PP of 0.5.

Thanks to everyone, I believe this system has great potential.

Any other setting suggestions welcome.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
non-binding recommendation!!!

if you want security:

then setting:

MM : 0.1

PP: 0.25 -maximum PP 0.30

protect your money!!!

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
and big player in the forex markt -(20 000 - 50 000 usd)

you see the report -

I want to show how perfectly you can also use this system to large-account

they see in the report name is used that setting-

ask?

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Forgot to ask. How do you generate the reports that everyone is submitting with equity line and stats and thank you vienna for your input.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
Account History Tab

Information about all trade  operations performed is stored in the "Account History" tab. The entire history  is displayed as a table with the following fields (from left to right):  Order — operation ticket number. It is the unique number of a trade  operation;  Time — time of position opening. It is given in YYYY.MM.DD HH:MM  (year.month.day hour:minute) format. This is the time when the position was  opened;  Type — trade operation type. Only three types of trade operations can  be found here: "Balance" — entering of funds in the account, "Buy" — a long  position, and "Sell" — a short position;  Lots — amount of lots participated in the operation;  Symbol — this field shows the name of the security participated in the  operation;  Price — price of position opening. This is the price at which the  position was opened;  S/L — level of the Stop Loss order placed.  If a trade position was closed by this order, its corresponding cell will be  colored in red, and "[s/l]" will appear in the field of comments. If no order  was placed, zero value will appear in this field. On the other hand, if the an  order was placed, but did not trigger, its value will still be shown in this  field. At that, the cell will not be colored, and no "[s/l]" will be output in  the field of comments. More details about working with orders are given in the  corresponding section;  T/P — level of the Take Profit order  placed. If a trade position was closed by this order, its corresponding cell  will be colored in green, and "[t/p]" will appear in the field of comments. If  no order was placed, zero value will appear in this field. On the other hand, if  the an order was placed, but did not trigger, its value will still be shown in  this field. At that, the cell will not be colored, and no "[t/p]" will be output  in the field of comments. More details about working with orders are given in  the corresponding section;  Time — time of position closing. It is given in YYYY.MM.DD HH:MM  (year.month.day hour:minute) format. This is the time when the position was  closed;  Price — price of position closing. This is the price at which the  position was closed;  Commission — commissions charged by the brokerage company when trade  operations are performed will be stored in this field;  Swap — the swaps charged are stored in this field;  Profit — the financial result of transaction will be written in this  field. Positive number means that the transaction was profitable, and the  negative one does vice versa. The profit is shown only in the deposit currency  here, unlike it is in the field of the same name in the "Trade" tab.  Comments — comments on trade operations are stored in this column. A  comment can be input only at opening of a position or placing an order. The  comment cannot be changed when an order or a position are being modified.  Besides, a comment to the trade operation can be input by the brokerage  company.  Context Menu

Commands allowing to manage the history range and  data performance, as well as commands of history data export are grouped in the  context menu:   All History — show the entire account history. At this command  execution, the whole financial history of the account will appear in the screen  without any limitations by time;  Last 3 Months — show only the last 3-months history;  Last Month — show only the last month history;  Custom Period — show history for the selected period. At this command  execution, the window that manages the history range will appear where one can  select one of the pre-defined ranges (the "Period" field) or specify them  manually in the fields of "From" and "to";  Save as Report — save the account history as a HTML file. At that, a  window allowing to select a path for saving of the file will appear;  Save as Detailed Report — save the account history as a HTML file. A  detailed report differs from a normal one for an additional set of parameters.  After this command has been executed, a window allowing to select a path for  saving the file will appear;  Commissions — show/hide the "Commissions" column;  Comments — show/hide the "Comments" column. Comments to trade  operations are stored in this column. A comment can only be input at opening of  a position or at placing of an order. Besides, the brokerage company can write a  comment to the trade operation, as well;  Auto Arrange — automatic arrangement of column sizes at changing of  the window size;  Grid — show/hide grid for separating of columns. best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Open Account history tab. (somewhere under in the screen of mt4)

Select the period you want the history/statement for (see Vienna's post above)

Right click somewhere on the closed transactions in history tab and select "save as detailled statement" (or something like that. I've a dutch version)

The statement will be openend in your internetbrowser.

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
Thank you again Vienna, I am sorry I may have wasted your time. I have since worked it out, just was not thinking or looking in the right place.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
it is no problem,

i can help ,it is good-

best regards

vienn

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Hi guys, just finished the thread, what a journey! Have been trading phantom add 6-02 with impressive results on demo at 100:1 (standard account), $500 starting equity and default settings (+7% in two days). I have demoed Basket14_02 for much longer with good but less impressive results.

Question is, default setting for lot size is 0.1, and when the trade is triggered the lot size enters at 0.01 which is fine for the account size (I'm thinking here initially that the EA is recognising the account size and making adjustments).

But when I open a new account with $3000 and I change the default setting to an appropriate size of 0.05 the trade is still triggered at 0.01 lot size!

I am obviously missing something here, because I have seen varying lot sizes in statements from MC, frazerd and the rest of you dedicators to forward thinking.

How do I achieve this?

Many thanks,

Pedross

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
Hey Pedros, I'm not sure where you are getting the setting for the lot size, the EA calculates the lot size based on the MaxMarginToUse setting and your account balance.

As far as I know the only lot size setting is the use smallest lot setting that sets all the trades at the minimum lot size, ignoring the MaxMarginToUse  setting...

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
Hello Roundrock,

Thanks for posting the EA. Interesting approach...

Will test it.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
It will take very careful thinking to do it.  Yes please do collect stats, the more collective wisdom we have the better auto-setting logic we'll be able to develop.

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
AddSix_02a and 03b finally got closed and should now chug right along with the 0.25 PP.

MC, I am not treating 01 as a throw away yet. It is performing superbly with the lower ProfitPct. We'll see if it continues.

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Both are still looking very good.

TheCollective platform shut down during the night and when I restarted it this morning it had a large profit and started closing. It also had a pop-up box telling me it needed to be updated, so I guess that is why it shut down. Anyway it was all good because it gave me a much larger profit than I would have had otherwise. However, that distorts my testing results for that demo.

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
If you're referring to the Lots setting, that setting is ignored by the EA.

The EA is probably deciding to use the minimum lot size because the one that gets calculated is below the minimum allowed lot size for the account.

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
that's also happened to me-

it does not change the fact that ea are very well-

They have a wonderful weekendAnhören

Umschrift

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
phantom_addsix_02_phantom

i am not understand-

by 1.5 not trading , by 1.0 not trading, by 0.5 not trading,
trading by 0.0!

sorry ...

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
that a whole lot of difference in term of net profit.

testing was start on about same day and with the same broker.

only different is that PP for frazerd is 1(4000 deposit) and metacoder is .50(3000 deposit)

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
When he posted that EA, he explained it.

If you put any number except 0, it does not place a real trade until there has been a draw down equal to the percent you specified. It holds the initial trades and tracks their draw down. They become another set of phantom trades. That is why he calls it Phantom.....phantom.

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
Fascinating.

On a somwehat related topic, I'm still trying to get my arms around my Tadawulfx demo account parameters and whether they accurately represent how a live account would be set up.  I requested a mini demo yet it looks like it's a standard account.  I emailed them and they stated it's a mini account, but the dollar value per tick and the 100,000 value being returned from the MarketInfo(Symbol(), MODE_LOTSIZE) call both indicate it's a standard account.

It's a pain when a broker's employees don't understand these things and when we can't know if a real account will behave the same as a demo account that we tried to set up with what we'd specify on a potential live account.

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Frazerd TDFX is 500:1
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1665

I believed he sign with TDFX through here:
https://www.tadawulfx.com/private/index.php/demo

(never try this, but I think Frazerd set up his 500:1 demo this way)

If u do a drop down menu menu from metatrader u'll get standard account demo with standard demo

download:
http://www.tadawulfx.com/public/plat...atrader-4.html

Metacoder - I notice your print screen on the latest addsix_03b differ than previous release, is the logic and else still the same?

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
Not correct. My account with Tadawul is 500:1 leverage where MC's is 200:1. I changed MMTU to .2 to compensate for higher leverage. I have changed PP twice - started with 1.0, changed to .25 briefly, then went to .5 where it is now.

You will also note that while MC reported a lowest margin level of 352%, mine has been 791% - the price you pay for higher profits I guess. Also, because Tadawul only allows .05 smallest lot size and .05 lot steps, we are both trading .05 lot sizes.

So there are several possible reasons for the big difference in results.

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
I think it is the same problem we discussed over several pages of this thread back about a month ago. Brokers will tell you that, since they have 2 decimal place lot sizing, it is a mini account. They consider a standard account one that has only 1 decimal lot sizes - or at least that's what they tell people who ask about mini accounts.

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Some more questions guys.

Thanks Saidar and MC for you speedy replies.

To recap:

Starting balance $3000@100:1

MMTU is 0.2

Profit percent is 1.0

When triggered on the hour, lot size=0.01

1) So if MMTU and balance determine lot size, what lot size were you getting Saider using MMTU at 1.0?

(Normally I'd check this myself during the week and I will anyway, but since this is the weekend I'm curious to know prior to the new week!)

2) MMTU is obviously paramount to minimising trade risk, but I'm unclear as to what the MMTU=0.2 or what ever numbers are chosen, refers to.

Does 0.2 refer to 20% of the 1% margin on a 100:1 account and therefore 1.0 would refer to 100% of the 1%, which makes sense since there would be a number of positions accumulating on the new hour. Or am I on the wrong track here?

Pedross

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
MaxMarginToUse is the percent of your account balance that will be used for each trade. So saider's lot size depends on his account balance.

Most of us do not use that high MMTU, especially if trading higher leverage than 50:1.

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
hi vienna, thanks for the testing. as frazer explained , it doesnt start trading straightaway until it reaches min draw down level. keep it at 0.5 and see. if it works then change that to 1.5

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
Would appreciate some help from any of you programmers.

I am trying to put the code which prohibits adding a trade unless all previous trades are winners from Phantom14_Add_02 into Phantom_AddSix_01.

I added the internal variable j.

I copied the entire "Check if all symbol trades in profit." section and pasted it in the appropriate location.

I added this if statement in "Add to winning trades" section:

{

if (AllSymbolTradesInProfit(SymbolArray[i]) &&

!SymbolMarked(SymbolArray[i])

Then after adjusting indentations a couple of times, I got rid of all the errors except this one, which I cannot figure out:

'end_of_program' - unbalanced left parenthesis

I cannot find any unbalanced parenthesis.

My modified version, AddSix_01x, is attached.

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
frazerd,

you are missing right parenthesis in your if statement at the end after  SymbolArray.

Inserted Code if (AllSymbolTradesInProfit(SymbolArray[i]) &&
!SymbolMarked(SymbolArray[i]))
p777m

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
I've uploaded a Phantom AddSix02A (close) EA in the Phantom tread.

It is the same as the original one, but only with a hard stoploss-function. It isn't necessarily, but for those who feel safer with it.......

See this post:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...1&postcount=80

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
can any one help me rewrite the basket EA to trade only 3 pair eur/usd usd/jpy and eur/jpy and put a total sl option in it?

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
To my knowledge Tadawulf only do STD account demo's

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
I don't think the EA will be effective with a stop loss, this is not a "normal" strategy

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
Thanks p777m. Actually I woke up this morning and remembered having removed that paren and figured that could be the problem, so I had already fixed it, but I appreciate the confirming response.

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
MetaCoder & roundrock,

Please review the following coding.  What I'm trying to do is prevent over/early trading on a Biggest Phantom Winner.

It's from the AddIfNeeded() function:

(Before this peice of code, I'm actually checking for the first minute of the hour so that the below mods will work - not on the hour)

Inserted Code for (i = Pair1idx; i <= Pair6idx; i++)
{
if (SymbolArray[i] == BiggestPhantomWinnerSymbol &&
AllSymbolTradesInProfit(SymbolArray[i]) &&
!SymbolMarked(SymbolArray[i]))
{
if (i < 3)
{
if (iHigh(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 2) > iHigh(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 3) && // Check last 15 minutes trend continuation
iHigh(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 1) > iHigh(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 2) && // Check last 10 minutes trend continuation
MarketInfo(SymbolArray[i], MODE_ASK) > iHigh(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 1) && // Last 5 minutes Ask Check for BUYS
iClose(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 1) > iHigh(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, iHighest(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, MODE_HIGH, 23, 2)))
// Check for 2 hour range breakout
{
Comment("Adding a " + SymbolArray[i] + " buy trade...");
Print("Adding a " + SymbolArray[i] + " long.");
Ticket = OrderSend(SymbolArray[i],OP_BUY,UseLots,MarketInfo(SymbolArray[i], MODE_ASK),
Slippage,0,0,NULL,MagicNumber,Blue);
if (Ticket > 0) MarkSymbolAdded(SymbolArray[i]);
Sleep(100);
}
}
else
// if (i >= 3)
{
if (iLow(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 2) < iLow(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 3) && // Check last 15 minutes trend continuation
iLow(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 1) < iLow(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 2) && // Check last 10 minutes trend continuation
MarketInfo(SymbolArray[i], MODE_BID) < iLow(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 1) && // Last 5 minutes Bid Check for SELLS
iClose(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, 1) < iLow(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, iLowest(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_M5, MODE_LOW, 23, 2)))
// Check for 2 hour range breakout
{
Comment("Adding a " + SymbolArray[i] + " sell trade...");
Print("Adding a " + SymbolArray[i] + " short.");
Ticket = OrderSend(SymbolArray[i],OP_SELL,UseLots,MarketInfo(SymbolArray[i], MODE_BID),
Slippage,0,0,NULL,MagicNumber,Red);
if (Ticket > 0) MarkSymbolAdded(SymbolArray[i]);
Sleep(100);
}
}
}
}

Do you guys think it will work?

Do I have the Ask and bid checks the right way around?

Why did I choose a 2 hour range breakout?  I have no idea... I guess I doubled the "Every hour" bit and went with it.

Cheers,

the-game.

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
In my forward testing in the printed screen: CHFJPY phantom sell PL: $-0.00

it's always at 0.00 is that normal under TDFX? i don't have a problem on other broker, and the pair is showing in the left hand side market data window.

On my mini account setting up - after login in it shows 500:1 but account type is still saying "Standard Account" in the printed info on the screen.

So far I really like 3b on TDFX 4 target profit has been reached during the past 6.5hr (from the weekend)

I'll try exiting all trade before weekend start this week though.

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Hello,

I recently started a demo with this ea and blew out the account.  I started another demo  and it is still saving the stats and targets from the last account!  How do I get the EA to reset itself for the new account?  As you can see from the picture I started the new account with $2000 and the equity target is showing 2207.33 but my profit percentage target is 2!  This equity target is the same from the demo I blew out.  You can also see that the maximum drawdown is 94% but this is the first trade on the new account!

thanks for any help

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
remove the ea, hit f3 and delete all the global variables stored there.  then reattach the ea

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
thanks taz.  That did it.

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
A standard account with only $2,000, that's the problem.

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
All of these except 02a have closed since market opened last night... 03 and 03b have closed twice.

All of these are now set at 0.4 MMTU and 0.25 PP.

I like the way these are working with smaller PP. Probably not as profitable in the long run, but no large DDs.

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
Tadawul closed again and is up 9.38% with lowest margin 791.4%.

MMTU 0.2 and PP 0.5

TheCollective has not closed yet today.

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
other people forward demo from Steve Hopwood's T101 basket trading auto-trader

http://www.mt4i.com/users/bwbb_demo/stats
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/lion...bfx-bwbb/61493

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
Not looking too good. I s anybody having success with it?

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
Hi getting,

Just reading your statement g5_phanadd6_03b of which your starting balance is $1000, can you tell me what settings you were using to achieve a 0.03 lotsize? Later your lotsize changed to 0.01 then 0.04, what were the EA setting changes here?

My reason for asking is that if our PP is 1% on a $1000 account using 0.01 lots for example we would want to proportionately adjust our lotsize for a larger account size, eg:

$1000 0.01

$2000 0.02

$3000 0.03

$5000 0.05

$10000 0.1 etc

How do we achieve this getting, you seem to have tweaked MMTU and PP according to your statement lot size changes.

What we need is a table of settings that would be useful for all traders using MC's excellent EA's.

Pedross

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
Why is the lot size such an issue for you?

He was obviously just tweaking the MMTU setting for his own needs (Last flat equity/Leverage/Account type).

Here's how MetaCoder calculates the lot size:

(MMTU / 100) * Last flat equity * (Leverage / Account Lotsize)

Where Account Lotsize can usually either be:

100000 units on a STANDARD account

or

10000 units on a MINI account

Last flat equity is basically your balance before the EA placed any trades / after the EA closed the trades

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
every setting is at default, I think the reason the lot size got trim from .03 to .01 - because I was testing out something, notice each trade only last a few minutes - I think was testing expiry setting on MPTM.

most of my forwarding demo are at a high DD

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
So you were just letting the EA run, no manual intervention?

Then I can't explain the lot size going from 0.03 to 0.01, according to the formula it shouldn't be reducing the lot size as it is based on your last flat equity.

And since the EA always closes for a profit, this can never happen, unless there is a different calculation based on the current equity that I don't have.

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
hi frazer, as usual excellent reports. lot of insight into how the EA works with various settings

one question. on reducing PP to 0.25 with same MMTU 0.4, you mentioned it will reduce DD

my understanding is DD is a function of lotsize and number of open trades. if we have more open trades, the DD increases. once the basket starts in negative and keep adding same pair again and again and the basket goes in big DD, then it doesnt matter whether PP was 0.25 or 0.5 or 1. only when basket comes into positive territory the PP comes into picture. other scenario would be basket is in positive but unable to reach PP and then goes to negative and DD. but such scenarios are less compared to previous scenario

so my understanding is we need NOT reduce PP for same MMTU. this may not help us in reducing DD in most cases. so why sacrifice PP ?

i still think adding same pair again and again consequitively is the root cause for bigger DD scenario, if we cap that to 3 or 4 then we may solve this issue to some extent without effecting the profitabality. dont add same pair 4th time if all last 3 adds are from same pair and combined PL of the last 3 is in negative.

just my opinion. i will spend some time to add this to the code and see how it works. its not a big change in code

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
well the basket ea is not effective given that you need to enter 14 pair which mean your account need to be big or leverage to be high.i have test out basket ea in a 500000 demo account and the result it not very good  .

the reason i chose this 3 pair eur/jpy eur/usd usd/jpy because i have do a forward testing on this 3 pair and the result is good .  i want to put a overall sl for some safety , if there a no overall sl there still a percentage that your account will bast when every pair go against your trade

below is my result for 3 pair basket  i hope u guy can help me rewrite the ea

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
I can actually trade pennies with my broker....so a 2000 account is in pennies and 0.1 is a penny.....so that is a lot of equity.

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
One thing we should all remember is that we are testing with demo accounts.  The results live will be dramatically different due to spread.  Spread will change which pairs are added every hour based on winning positions theory of this ea.  I am seeing dramatically different trading scenarios between my live and demo account due to this fact.  All the "demoing" in the world won't help you figure out what is going to happen live due to the nature of this ea.

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
Well, I have a different opinion. You will notice that since reducing PP on my demos, they close with fewer trades. Sometimes the EA will come into profit a few dollars and then reverse and go back into a DD situation and that causes more trades to close. Also, unless there is a very strong move, it can take a good deal of time for the trades to get from .25% to .5% profit, during which time more trades are added. So, what I am seeing is that the EAs close much quicker and with significantly fewer trades with PP .25 and therefore less DD.

I partially agree with you on this point, but MC doesn't. EDIT: I think we should not continue to add trades to a winner that has already reversed.

Back before the AddSix EAs, the-game asked for a modification to the Phantom14_Add series that would prevent the EA from adding trades on a pair that is still a biggest winner, but had changed direction and is now becoming a loser. MC came up with Phantom14_Add_02, which adds a trade of the biggest winner only if all previous trades on the pair are winners. That prevents a winner that has reversed and is now heading the wrong way from being added again.

I was seeing a lot of those repetitive pair losers in the AddSix 01 EA, so I extracted the appropriate code from Phantom14_Add_02 and inserted it into AddSix_01 and called it 01x.

I loaded that mod on my AddSix_01 demo Sunday 7 Nov. It already had a bunch of repeat loser trades. It did not add any more trades on those pairs and closed this morning. There is no way to know for sure if the mod had anything to do with that, but I'd like to think it did. We will see what happens going forward.

In any event, AddSix_01 accumulates a LOT of trades because it adds trades of any winning pair every hour. Anything that limits the number of trades, even a little bit has to help.

Here is my modified AddSix_01x and my spreadsheet showing what happened to the last batch of trades on that demo.

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
You are not up to date on what we are doing here. The EAs we are trading now only trade 6 pairs. If you want to trade only 3, it would not be hard to modify any of the AddSix EAs to only trade 3. You should be able to do that yourself.

Interesting and spectacular results. Was this all manual trading? How did you do it? What was the criteria for entering and closing trades? And it looks like just 1 day of trading. Do you think that is enough to validate a strategy?

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
d4amenace, who is your broker?

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Ahem... Confirm14

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
please list all the entry & exit criteria for the 3 pairs you stated above.

I can pass it to guy...and he'll turn it to an EA.

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
Here is another example of why I think we should not continue to add trades of a pair unless all previous trades are winners. This is AddSix_03b. For the last 4 hours it has added a GBPUSD buy trade and they are all losers. That pair is still a winner, although CHFJPY has taken over as the biggest winner. How many of those GBPUSD trades would not have been opened if there were a requirement that all previous trades had to be winners? No way to tell for sure, but I would think at least one.

And at the top of the Trade window you can see 4 of the 7 consecutive EURJPY losers. It just doesn't seem logical to keep opening trades if the pair has reversed direction. If it subsequently reverses again and all previous trades become winners again, then trade it again.

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
FXOpen.

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
Hi Frazerd,

Thanks for sharing your mod version Phantom_AddSix_01x. I think to reduce DD the most important is not overcharge trades for the same pair if it is a negative so I´ve started a test right now. Will post results...

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
frazer, i completely agree with you. my current 02a is running since yesterday morning and is in big DD, its adding same pair even after it reversed direction. like that i have EJ, GU

i think we need to add this check for 02 series and see how it will work. in general, less adds the better. it reduces DD and also enhances chances to hit PP.

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Another option would be to add an account profit stop loss once the EA is in profit, that way you won't go into draw down again.

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
i added AllSymbolTradesInProfit check in my 02a

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Do you want to share it with us? Or are there other modifications in your version? It would be nice if you upload that version, imo.

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
10.000.-$, 200:1, MMTU: 0.2 (0.1 lots), PP: 1.0

First Profit: 127.69.-$

Beatifull beginning.....

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...dsix-01x/62479

Thank you MC and Frazerd, this mod could be a better winner......

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
here you go ...

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
thanks Roundrock - keep it running!

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
RoundRock, your work is awesome!  Thanks a lot!

This check/filter is definitely an improvement.

I agree with your opinion that from the very beginning, MC's idea on this EA is very advanced and beautifully simple.  This basket EA is not to against market nature/trend, but trying to capture it.

I hope to contribute a little jointly with your coding effort, just a humble suggestion that when we add new coding/mod, will it be convenient to put two lines like:

// **************** roundrock add **************

new filter coding

// **************** roundrock add **************

so that i can better follow your logic, and make my revision based on yours.

this way, each of us can coding based on one same EA.  you don't need to re-edit your last version, this is only a suggestion for future, if you care.

what i try to add are 2 things:

1. refined comparison on floating profit of winning pairs, not merely if it is larger, i want it be significantly larger for new positions to be added;

2. partial close, leave a tiny portion running along with the trend, why? because if we look at the trading records, you'll see many trades are closed too early, they were with fundamental daily/weekly move, but were exited due to the predefined profitfactor.  The exit algorithm is always essential, a fixed factor is good to be improved.

many thanks, again.

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Another profit, a very good day, incredible results just for 8 hours.....let´s see....

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...dsix-01x/62479

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
I gave the same treatment to Phantom6_01a and called it Phantom6_01x.  See the Phantom 6 thread.  http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...02&postcount=1

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Does that EA work with suffixes such as EURUSDFXF? My forex.com demo account is 4 digit and use FXF in front of all currency symbols.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
yes, it works with the sufixes, give it a try on demo

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
I just loaded up the 02x.mq4 and got 5 chfjpy trades in a couple of seconds top of the first hour. I don't think it is supposed to do this. Any suggestions to help. Please advise. All fixed when I deleted the ea from the chart then deleted all global variables (F3) then reloaded the ea onto the chart. Hopefully this will help others whoh have this problem.

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
I don't know if anyone is watching the ATC this year, but if you are not check it out:

http://championship.mql5.com/2010/en

Evidence that EA's DO work.

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Good morning,

Another target: + 3,42% up, lees than 24h, lowest margin: 2.702,21%, max DD: -1,46%....

MC and Frazerd, you have created a MONSTER........

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...dsix-01x/62479

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
Phantom_AddSix_03 the best

MM: 0.67,

PP:1.0

Phantom_AddSix_03 the best nr 224207

MM:0.1

PP:0.1

see the report-

ea is original MC -

I have so far each of the EA was changed here in the test

can forget all-

MC has the best flavor-

Would like someone to invent the wheel, he will not have success-

best regards

vienna

PS:Saidar postet: Evidence that EA's DO work. http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon13.gif

Please forget such a meaning-
I am banker - all banks are working with automated computer-
forget what those!

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
I have 7 platforms trading different settings of 0.02 and .02a. Just loaded .01x on an 8th, closed out in 45 mins@1%prof. Second trade initiated on the following hour 17 mins ago. Early days yet, will keep you posted...

Pedross

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
All I'm trying to say is expert advisors can be profitable as seen at the ATC championship, there are a lot of traders who say EA's will never work.

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
my phantom_addsix_02a is running since monday morning, yet to close. it reached lowest margin 500%, max dd 10.1% for 0.2 MMTU, 1% PP , standard account with equity 7500

anybody in same boat ?

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
Hi Roundrock,

Me testing:

Phantom_AddSix_01x: since 9-11-2010, 500:1, MMTU: 0.2, PP: 1.0, Gain: +3.42%, Lowest Margin: 2554.94%, max DD: -1.60%

Phantom6_01x: since 9-11-2010, 200:1, MMTU: 0.5, PP: 1.0, Gain: 0.00%, Lowest Margin: 1309.00%, max DD: -2.02%

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Caillou, there is no such EA. Can you check the exact name ?

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
Sorry, Phantom6_01x is in Phantom6 thread from MC too.......

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
Another profit for this:

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...dsix-01x/62479

And first profit for this:

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...tom6-01x/62716

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
I just want to share with you the equity curve of the so called  Indicator Account of T101 after opening it 6 days ago. It's now 15% in  profit!

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
it closed finally !!!  now i am onto addsix_02x, 01x

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
My 02a demo closed as well.  That account suffered much less stress while others had too many trades.  I like the feature of requiring six pairs to distinguish themselves among fourteen pairs, it's a good filter against overtrading.

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
They either have an agenda or they haven't seen good EAs.

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Hi MC,

Thanks to all your wonderful EA 's.

I am running the following in different platforms :

1) Phantom6_01

2)Phantom_addsix_02a

3)Phantom_addsix_02x

4)Phantom_addsix_01x

In phanto_addsix_02a, i set the following :

lot size 0.1, MMTU 0.5,Profitpct 0.75.

But with this setting, it trades at lot size 0.05. I dunno why? can you explain, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
Nobody can explain it without more info. Who is the broker? If it's TadawulFX .05 is the smallest lot size they have.

What is the equity of the account? On a $3000 IBFX Mini account 0.4 MMTU gives me a .06 lot size.

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Glad you posted this. I didn't know about your new thread.

I have added this treatment to all the AddSix EAs and am running them all with good results so far. AddSix_01 is doing especially well since lowering PP to .25 and now adding trades only if all previous are winners has helped it even more. It and 03b are the only ones of my AddSix demos that have closed today (10 Nov).

If anyone is interested here are all 6 of the modified EAs - I added "x" to whatever the original name was. They all seem to be working as expected.

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
Here are my updated spreadsheets. All of these are MMTU 0.4 and PP 0.25 and they are all now using the x factor.

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
Tadawul is doing great with MMTU 0.2 and PP 0.5 - lowest margin = 791.4%

Collective 200:1 with MMTU 0.6 and PP 0.25 is in a 9% DD with about 50 trades and margin at 278%.

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Ok outa curiosity I put your _ AddSix_01x on a demo, I changed the MMTU and PP to the settings suggested, will default work for the other settings? Don't really have time to study up on it.....

cheers

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Hi glad that you asked me.

Broker : VBantagefx.

Equity : 5034 $

Leverage : 200:1, standard account.

By changing MMTU, lot size can be increased?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
How many maximum number of trades these robots are expected to place?

What is the lowest margin thatt can be expected for a 5000 $ a/c with lot size 0.1.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
Take the time to study up on it. Yes, the only settings that need to be tweaked sometimes are MMTU and PP. Read the thread - I will not answer any more questions that have been answered numerous times.

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
Yes, or decreased.

Please read the thread. No more answers to questions that have been answered many times.

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Ok thanks,  if it does good with the two settings tweaked maybe it will spur my interest to read up....no biggie......

cheers

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
Thanks for your answer, i shall read, if in doubt will ask you specific.

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
thank you Frazar, thanks

Have a blessed day to you

bye

ajentha

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Good Morning all,

Phantom_AddSix_01x: Gain: +6.99%, max DD: -2.26%, Lowest Margin: 2.412,42% (500:1)

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...dsix-01x/62479

Phantom6_01x: Gain: +1.09%, max DD: -3.38%, Lowest Margin: 1.199,44% (200:1)

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...tom6-01x/62716

Results: Phantom_AddSix_01x had closed more often and Floating DD was always 50% less than Phantom6_01x.

I know it is too early to draw conclusions but .......

Why can we have this differences:

1.- Broker: spreads very similar, I don´t think it is an important difference.

2.- Reset 8 hours in Phantom6_01x: I don´t think it is a big advantage or disadvantage.

3.- Phantom_AddSix_01x open trades for every phantom winner, Phantom6_01x only for the best phantom winners. I think this is the main difference. Maybe open a trade for the best winner is not the best option if this pair has made a lot of run yet and don´t have strong enough for moving more.....Maybe open a trade for every winner gives a chance to less tired pairs.

Maybe I´m wrong or maybe it is too early and results will change but I like to analize results every day....

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
phantom_addsix_2a :

The first basket of order closed yesterday, the second one was running the profit target was 37.5. Even when the profit was more than 80 $ it did not close automatically but when i switched off the EA switch the trades closed.

MC, good work done in this EA, Pl look to sort out this. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
Thanks to Caillou for testing and reporting the different ea's and reflecting on their reltive performances. Like Caillou I had a 3.4% increase of balance in first 24 hours using Phantom_AddSix_01x on demo account and I intend to monitor it for a couple of weeks to see if it remains consistant over that time. Thanks to MetaCoder for starting this thread.

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
Loaded Phantom 6 01x, Phantom Add Six 02x, and Phantom Add Six 03x on different demo's about 10 hours ago.

6 01x closed its first basket in about 4 hours. MMTU 1, PP 0.4. with MAX DD of 0.82% and only 4 trades opened. Excellent ! (IBFX demo 50:1) Now working on its second basket.

O2x is running on 1pipfix and 03x on ACM. Neither have opened trades as yet.

Ahhh !!! As I was writing this 01x just closed a second basket. Impressive !

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
You´re welcome Swagman.

As always in my 2 demos (I know, only 2 days...), floating DD Phantom_AddSix_01x: -152.51.-$, floating DD Phantom6_01x: -217.70.-$......

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
These are useful observations and what I like to see, thank you for sharing your thoughts.

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Thanks MC.

Since Tuesday Morning, this is the first time that Phantom_AddSix_01x has more floating DD (-2.54%) than Phantom6_01x (-2.05%), the 2 EA' s with the same open trades (13).

Let' s see how they solve each of them....

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
Again Floating DD Phantom_AddSix_01x at -2.63% and Phantom6_01x at -3.47%.....

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
Updated spreadsheets.

AddSix_01x has closed twice today (11 Nov) This has been the best of these demos since lowering PP and adding the "x" factor.

AddSix_02ax has not closed since 5 Nov, but has not accumulated excessive number of trades and Lowest Margin is still 453.5%.

AddSix_03x closed twice today.

AddSix_03ax has not closed since early 9 Nov, has accumulated 27 trades, but margin is still above 500%.

AddSix_03bx has closed twice today. Lowest Margin has been down to 279.9%, but that was before lowering PP and adding x factor.

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
This one continues to close at least once every day. It closed 3 times today, once with only 1 trade. Lowest Margin still 791%.

EDIT: Make that 4 times today. BTW, I also added the x factor to this demo.

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
Hi Frazerd,

My Phantom_AddSix_01x closes twice today too but my PP: 1.0. I' m sure that your x mod reduces DD but I think a PP a bit bigger might be better: in my demos if I came into profit, it reached the target quickly without reversing. When the DD gets bigger, in my demos is because the EA has never been in profit before.

Anyway it is early, time will say......

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
Just remember, that EA without the x and with the default settings caused a margin call on my account very soon after I started running it. You can see that up at the top of the  spreadsheet.

But I am considering raising the PP, maybe back up to 0.5.

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
Sure. The x mod is a must.....

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
Hi everyone,

I want to share some thoughts because I really don´t know if I´m right or not.

1.- Manual Intervention: we have recently in the thread some suggestions about setting a start time to run the ea (London Open, NY Open,...), or an end time (NY close), .... I think we have to give the EA a chance to recovery from any big market movement because if not, the next step will be avoid weekend gaps, or big news. We have a perfect syntetic hedge here and sooner or later, recovery will arrive.

2.- The PP factor: maybe I´m wrong but if any basket opened by the EA is able to reach for example a -9.5% DD, then it would be able to reach the same profit, +9.5%. If in my demos all baskets always have gone to at least -1.5% DD, then a 1.0% of PP must be easy to reach.

In my opinion the analysis of the DD is where I´m going to focus all my time and effort.

3.- Maximum DD: again I might be wrong but with a perfect syntetic hedge, DD will never be unlimited, so the main goal must be to establish the max DD tolerable for each leverage.

Sorry for a so long post but I am convinced that this EA is very profitable in the long term.

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
Good thinking. I just posted in the Ph6 thread about margin calls and a possible lesson learned. I think it might apply here.

When margin level gets below 300% (or some other level we designate) close the biggest loser every hour, as well as adding the biggest winner(s) until the margin goes back above the designated level.

We have seen 2 cases now where a margin call actually helped the EA come into profit by closing biggest losers. Rather than waiting for margin calls, why not close biggest losers at some level above margin call? This level could be a external variable so that each trader could use whatever level he/she is comfortable with.

EDIT: It might even be a satisfactory substitute for those folks who are clamering for a stop loss.

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
Today's updated spreadsheets.

AddSix_03x is the only one that has closed today.

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
Hi Frazerd,

This might be a very good idea. Cut looses could be an interesting way to reduce DD but what trades could be deleted? I mean maybe the biggest looser trade has already down enough and the lower looser is ready to down quickly and we cut the biggest, not the lower?

How can we know the POTENTIAL biggest looser?

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
Closed again.. hasn't missed a day since I started it and margin has never yet been below 791%. This one is on track for 20(+)% monthly profit and I was running it at PP .25 for about a week, so it could have been even better.

If this keeps up I may have to reconsider going offshore.

http://www.mt4i.com/users/frazerd-tad-03b-500/stats

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
Of course, there is no way of knowing that. What we would be looking for is the immediate effect of cutting the biggest loser to get the margin level back up. Once the market starts moving in our favor there would be no more cutting.

MC and I, months ago, tested EAs that cut losers. It did not work out well for the reason you have stated, but we were cutting losers every hour, regardless of margin level or any other criteria.

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
The goal is to make it as steady and trouble-free as possible but as we all know the forex market is a wild tiger.

The EAs do not in any way prevent manual overrides by the trader.  In fact that is my suggested recourse for dealing with unwanted margin depletion, if it happens.  I could never ever please everyone if I started baking in bailout mechanisms.  Everyone wants something different, so I leave it to each individual to expand on the code, or use another party's code, or use manual measures to deal with any adverse situations.

I concentrate on building reliable software that is better than most manual traders at making money and I hope that's enough.

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
While our latest generation of EAs is able to do well for longer periods than any prior (as far as I know), the black swans are out there.  The market does so many kinds of crazy gyrations at times that I just can't say if we'll ever get an EA that's GUARANTEED to ALWAYS kick out profit with no margin issues.

But we HAVE been successful at extending the amount of time our EAs can thrive, in a wide variety of trending and choppy action.  I'm pleased with our progress to say the least.

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
Hi,

Maybe it doesn' t have any sense but what will be the effect of reducing the Phantom Pairs to 3: for example Buy GBP/USD, Sell EUR/USD and Buy EUR/GBP ?

Will it be very difficult to modify Phantom_AddSix_01x EA this way?

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
It would probably not be hard and you could do it yourself even if you are not a programmer. Just open the mt4 file in Meta Editor and everywhere the code refers to the 6 pairs, just remove the ones you don't want and add any that you want that are not already there. There could be a little more to it than that, but when you Compile it the compiler will show you the errors and you may be able to figure out what else you need to do.

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
I will try this evening but do you think it may be worth? I mean it could have advantages?

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
It might work very well. We will never know until you try it. It would certainly trade less than with 6 pairs and that could make a big difference in DD and margin issues. But it will also have fewer pairs to help get you into profit, so it may be just a wash or trade off.

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Hi MC,

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
Try it and satisfy your curiosity.

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
Done. Apparently it must work since Compiler shows 0 errors and 0 warnings.

Will try Sunday evening and if it is ok I will post on Monday

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
Caillou,

Im about a day ahead of you on trading 3 pair hedge. I modified phantom6 01a to trade just 3 pairs. I started it thursday morning mmtu .5 with pp at .25%. So far there has been one profit close. Too early to tell how it will work. I also added  the "x" factor to take only trades that are positive.

First leg closed with just 5 trades, current second leg has 17 trades open -1.08% as of market close. was caught with 4 long aud/usd trades that are big losers right now. By the way the 3 pairs Im trading are aud/usd and usd/cad buy, aud/cad sell. No reason just the 3 that popped into my head at the moment. Many diff. combos you could try. Got caught with the wrong way aud/usd trades because right after the first leg closed aud/usd went into a retrace up then back down again so it was the big winner for few hours. which now brings me to the question thats been bugging me for a while.

Has any one thought of doing a secondary check against the hourly trend before letting the EA make a trade. I went thru the 4 phantom demos that Im running and just eye balled the trades that were the big losers. I noticed about 70% were trades that were taken against the hourly trend.

Now what I mean by the hourly trend is I plotted a 24 ema on the hourly charts so basicaly the average price for the last day of trading. This seemed to happen alot on startups or phantom resets.

Not trying to clutter up an already good set of Ea's as Im not much on using indicators myself, but emas are useful for trend following and that is really what the phantoms are doing correct, following the short term trend.

So maybe add something like only take the trade if current price is above/below the hourly 24 ema. Im always looking for ways to take less trades and get less drawdown and I think this would do that. Now long term would it work well? Would have to test it.

I know almost nothing about programing Ea's so this would be impossible for me to code. I can add/delete things and change some of what MC has already done but thats the scope of my knowledge. If anyone is interested in this idea and knows how to code it I would love to test it.

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
one quick feedback on going with hourly  trend is it will NOT guarantee you the synthetic hedge and hence can get margin call theoritically

in the current versions of EAs, we always BUY certain pairs and always SELL certain other pairs, so this constitutes a synthetic hedge. now if we go as per ema, we may end up all 6 pairs in LONG and after sometime market may reverse and you get into huge DD

if you mean to say dont change the direction (BUY/SELL), only a additional condition for ema then sythetic hedge will not be disturbed but you may not reach PP quickly as there will be very few trades and there is no guarantee that trend will remain intact for the day. things could change

with x factor the DD issue is addressed to some extent.

with lesser PP (may be 0.5) we can close the basket quickly

just my 2c

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
if you dig this thread there was a discussion on this 3 pair issue. currently we trade 6 pairs EURCHF, EURJPY, CHFJPY, GBPCHF, GBPUSD, USDCHF

so we have EUR, USD, JPY, CHF, GBP so if there is a push in any of these currencies we get to PP. so chances are better with 5 pairs. if you take only 3 pairs you are depending on EUR, USD to privide you that push. so less chances. aslo with 5 pairs we cover all three regions AS, EU, US. so any time of the day we may get push from any of these 5 pairs. with EUR, GBP its almost sure to be dead in AS. so if you trade 3 pairs then do it only in EU, US times.

but you can also argue with more pairs, some will be laggards and will be dragging the basket down always regardless how strong one or two pairs are !!!  thats why its difficult to say which is better.

may be you can have 1 EA to trade ASIA times with asia pairs like JPY, AUD, NZD and 1 EA for EU to cover EUR, GBP, CHF and 1 in US for USD, CAD

but the MC EA has covered all regions all pairs, so it works well overall

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
Or, (i might be dumb), say, i have one 0.1 lot eurusd that is -10 pips drawdown, i have another one 0.1 lot eurusd that is -500 pips drawdown.

i might try close that 0.1 lot eurusd with only -10 pips drawdown.  it might seem risky, but at least i postpone realised loss.

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
if you mean to say dont change the direction (BUY/SELL), only a additional condition for ema then sythetic hedge will not be disturbed but you may not reach PP quickly as there will be very few trades and there is no guarantee that trend will remain intact for the day. things could change

Yes this is what I meant. I realize it will limit trades, maybe alot if all the buys are below the ema or vice versa. Might be a better tactic for trading all 14 pairs in the basket14 ea. Wish I could figure how to code it.

The x factor does seem to be working well so far as it does limit the amount of counter trend trades. I was just trying to figure a good way to get rid of the rash of bad trades I seem to get when the EA starts up or resets. Trading off the phantoms that have only run for an hour is almost like throwing darts at the dart board to pick the first few trades.

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
17 trades with 3 pairs and x mod? If I have this results with 3 pairs obviously it would be better 6 pairs......

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
A few days ago I had a profit reached with only GBP/USD during Asian Session so you will never know.......

We have to try to know......

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
What happens guys if MT4 platforms are shutdown with open positions on the weekend?

I plan to have them open prior to the weeks open of course. Will I lose anything vital regarding ongoing pair selection? Or is this stored info and it resumes where it left off on Sat morning (Oz)?

Many thanks

Pedross

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
The phantoms will reset - that could be good or bad, but so far I don't see that resetting phantoms has much impact.

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
It depends on what the intent is. My suggestion was based on observing how the margin call can work for us occassionally, rather than against us. My intent would be to boost a low margin back to an acceptable level to give the EA a chance to reach the profit target. Trimming the BIGGEST loser would be the best solution for that. If you only close smallest losers it will probably take a long time to get back to the desired margin level. It might not ever get there. Additionally, in the event that the pair should reverse and become a winner again, which trade would come back into profit quicker and which would remain a loser longer. If we decide to revisit trimming losers on a limited basis, it only makes sense to me to chop the biggest one.

I say "revisit" because MC and I did test a tactic of trimming losers back some time ago, but we were using that as our primary means of getting into profit and closing losers every hour. EDIT: It did not work out well at all. What I'm suggesting now is a very limited use of closing losers to keep an acceptable margin level.

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
Here is an extract of my AddSix_01 spreadsheet with some comments in the margin. It illustrates what I am talking about. There were 240(+) trades in this basket before it dipped below 100% and triggered the first magin call at 12:07 on 1 Nov. It closed a $17 loser and that pushed the margin back above 100% for a short time. Then at 12:10 the margin was below 100% again and it closed a $15 loser and at 12:22 a $14 loser. Finally after 6 Margin call closes over a 30 minute time span, the market started to move in my favor and by 1400 the profit target was reached and the EA began a close-all function which took 5 minutes to close the 240 remaining trades. When the smoke cleared I had a $289 profit.

So what I propose is that we pre-empt the margin call by not letting our margin reach that level. We start closing biggest losers at a user defined margin level and we close them on a scheduled basis, the same schedule we add winners and do it until the desired margin level is regained. That buys us time to let the EA work its way back into profit without experiencing a margin call.

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
Thanks Frazerd for your reply re: platform closure, your input here in this thread is fantastic.

Pedross

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
O ye, this is more clear to me, you are right, your idea is better--remove biggest losers.

then i think that a hard-stoploss for each pair seems an OK idea.  then i understand that a hard-stoploss (say, 100 pips) is not a popular idea to many. then how about this idea:

ratio = negative floating pips of a pair / last day move;

or

ratio = negative floating pips of a pair / this pair's profit in the rank;

when 'ratio' is reaching a threshold value, cut its biggest loser.

the logic behind is that the immediate recent price move of this pair is sufficient proof that the price reversed (the profit ranking is no longer valid.) so we exit.

anyway, the way is no better than manual intervening. but it can be coded into the EA.

forgive my dumbness, if i misunderstand the EA's logic...

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Attached is the original Phantom_AddSix_01x with a reset function similar to 03b, but will just reset once a day.

Choose an hour and set it against the variable "ResetHour".

The EA will reset the Phantoms on that hour on minute 1.

e.g. Just before the London Open like someone had suggested.

Also for those who want to keep the Phantoms "alive" (i.e. Not reset) after you either - Change a setting / Close then open the MT4 platform / Restart your computer (the attached has this so you can refer to that if you get lost)...

1) ...move the SetSymbols(); function call from inside the start() function, into the first line of the init() function

2) ...remove the ResetPhantoms(); function call from inside the init() function

3) ...then you can add the following code in SetGlobalVariableNames()

Inserted Code   strGBPUSDask = MagicNumber+"_"+GBPUSDsym;
strEURGBPask = MagicNumber+"_"+EURGBPsym;
strGBPJPYask = MagicNumber+"_"+GBPJPYsym;
strUSDCHFask = MagicNumber+"_"+USDCHFsym;
strNZDUSDask = MagicNumber+"_"+NZDUSDsym;
strAUDJPYask = MagicNumber+"_"+AUDJPYsym;
strEURJPYask = MagicNumber+"_"+EURJPYsym;

strEURUSDbid = MagicNumber+"_"+EURUSDsym;
strUSDJPYbid = MagicNumber+"_"+USDJPYsym;
strAUDUSDbid = MagicNumber+"_"+AUDUSDsym;
strNZDJPYbid = MagicNumber+"_"+NZDJPYsym;
strGBPCHFbid = MagicNumber+"_"+GBPCHFsym;
strCHFJPYbid = MagicNumber+"_"+CHFJPYsym;
strEURCHFbid = MagicNumber+"_"+EURCHFsym;
4) ...and then add the following code in InitGlobalVars()

Inserted Code   if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strGBPUSDask)) GlobalVariableSet(strGBPUSDask, GBPUSDask);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strEURGBPask)) GlobalVariableSet(strEURGBPask, EURGBPask);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strGBPJPYask)) GlobalVariableSet(strGBPJPYask, GBPJPYask);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strUSDCHFask)) GlobalVariableSet(strUSDCHFask, USDCHFask);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strNZDUSDask)) GlobalVariableSet(strNZDUSDask, NZDUSDask);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strAUDJPYask)) GlobalVariableSet(strAUDJPYask, AUDJPYask);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strEURJPYask)) GlobalVariableSet(strEURJPYask, EURJPYask);

if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strEURUSDbid)) GlobalVariableSet(strEURUSDbid, EURUSDbid);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strUSDJPYbid)) GlobalVariableSet(strUSDJPYbid, USDJPYbid);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strAUDUSDbid)) GlobalVariableSet(strAUDUSDbid, AUDUSDbid);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strNZDJPYbid)) GlobalVariableSet(strNZDJPYbid, NZDJPYbid);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strGBPCHFbid)) GlobalVariableSet(strGBPCHFbid, GBPCHFbid);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strCHFJPYbid)) GlobalVariableSet(strCHFJPYbid, CHFJPYbid);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strEURCHFbid)) GlobalVariableSet(strEURCHFbid, EURCHFbid);
5) ...then add the following code to the RefreshGlobalVars() function

Inserted Code   GBPUSDask = GlobalVariableGet(strGBPUSDask);
EURGBPask = GlobalVariableGet(strEURGBPask);
GBPJPYask = GlobalVariableGet(strGBPJPYask);
USDCHFask = GlobalVariableGet(strUSDCHFask);
NZDUSDask = GlobalVariableGet(strNZDUSDask);
AUDJPYask = GlobalVariableGet(strAUDJPYask);
EURJPYask = GlobalVariableGet(strEURJPYask);

EURUSDbid = GlobalVariableGet(strEURUSDbid);
USDJPYbid = GlobalVariableGet(strUSDJPYbid);
AUDUSDbid = GlobalVariableGet(strAUDUSDbid);
NZDJPYbid = GlobalVariableGet(strNZDJPYbid);
GBPCHFbid = GlobalVariableGet(strGBPCHFbid);
CHFJPYbid = GlobalVariableGet(strCHFJPYbid);
EURCHFbid = GlobalVariableGet(strEURCHFbid);

MetaCoder had the rest of the code implemented, just didn't initialise the Global Variables for some reason.

EDIT: The Phantoms will of course reset as usual after closing all real trades for a profit.

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
If anyone downloaded 01xr in the last 15 minutes, please re-download again.

I fixed a boo-boo

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Kudos to the game for including the reset function in file provided.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
The fact of the matter is that it should never have taken 240+ trades to begin with.

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Well I don't think you will get any arguments on that statement, but the fact of the matter is, it did!

The x factor has fixed a lot of that, but it can still happen with that EA or with any EA if the conditions are right.

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
No, it cannot happen with "any" EA. Ask a programmer or two.

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
Parting shot. I'm beginning to wonder how many programmers (aka Ea  creators) are hired to post on FF just to create additional traffic for  the site.

Of course I'm a little paranoid (or am I).

Humble Regards,

TR

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
That would be a good marketing strategy but I highly doubt it. What you need is a vacation

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
That would be a good marketing strategy but I highly doubt it. What you need is a vacation

and 240 trades in an EA? Why not if the broker's platform allows you and you like to donate? Yes that's not a very good strategy but don't say never because thats NEVER true.

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
That would be a good marketing strategy but I highly doubt it. What you need is a vacation

and 240 trades in an EA? Why not if the broker's platform allows you and you like to donate? Yes that's not a very good strategy but certainly possible if thats what you intend to do.

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
Good Morning,

Here you have Phantom3_01x. It is exactly as Phantom_AddSix_01x but only with 3 pairs: Buy GBP/USD, Buy EUR/GBP and Sell EUR/USD.

Each hour adds a real trade if the pair is a winner and all previous trades of this pair are winners.

I have started a demo on Sunday Evening, 200:1, 10.000.-$, MMTU: 1.0, PP: 1.0.

I have doubled my MMTU because I want to keep PP to 1%. With 3 pairs DD would be stay under control because if market moves wrong our perfect syntetic hedge must be caught very quickly.

My only doubt is if the Profit Target will be reach as quicky. That' s why I started this test:

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...tom3-01x/63711

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
Will this work in a micro account?

Jim

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
Good test this getting away from using phantoms but might be a good way to avoid DD... lets see how it works out!

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
Just closed first profit +1.2% up, when market moves in our direction it closes very quickly (that´s what I wanted to know).

Another advantage using only 3 pairs is less trades, so when basket reach PP all trades close very quickly and then our profit is nearest PP.

I have started this demo at the beginning of Asian session, not the better moment for EUR, USD, GBP like someone post a few days ago but I want to test this EA in the worst conditions, if it works ok here, with better conditions no doubt....

Phantom_AddSix_01x: max DD: -1.155,54$ (1 week running)
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...dsix-01x/62479

Phantom3_01x: max DD: -530,32.-$ (1 day running)
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...tom3-01x/63711

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
very nice good work all we can do is try to get a good entry but once your in... you should trade until profit or bust since if you stop you can affect your DD.. do you agree?

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
Personnaly I don´t like to interfere in the EA, I´m not obsessed to find the best entry, with a perfect syntetic hedge I try to find the bests pairs in order to have an EA able to recover any DD situation, wich is inevitable.

For me the less DD, the less stress when you´re with live account and PP will be reach quicker.....

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
My personal opinion :

Phantom_addsix_2a is good EA compared all other versions.

I opened 5000 demo a/c on 10th and since then the balance has improved to 5275 $ untill 8 AM EST today ( 15 th nov )

It does not place more trades. Max i have seen 10.

MMTU - 0.75.

Profit - 1.0

I shall allow this for more days untill this week end.

Anybody with different experience with this EA ?

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Well its more of a design question I asked rather than manually closing out. If the EA is designed around your style then yes you shouldn't intervene unless it strays away from what you expect.

I'm saying more in general terms that all you can do in coding the EA is find the best entry.. and from there its really random and hopefully you have the edge in reaching your PP as it takes trades every bar. This is because you only have 3 pairs and one or more will always be positive if they form a hedge. You seem to get 2 trades some bars.. makes sense but your margin may run out since your lot size is big even for 10k account. Although the "adding only to a winner" filter may help. We'll see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
Yes, you are right...

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Please re-read / re-download

I fixed more mistakes... namely new points 2) & 5)

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
my phantom_add_six_01x is running since last wednesday and yet to close.

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
I'm testing AddSix 2a also. I've had one close at .25%PP since I started testing on friday. I presently have 14 trades open but that is with two resets of the phantoms, once over the weekend shutdown and once when my platform froze today. DD at - $108 Margin level at 1638%.

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
Mine also roundrock, from wednesday and yet to close:

Open trades: 27

Balance: 504.24

Equity: 438.83

Margin: 337.16

Free margin: 102.69

Margin Level: 130.46%

Lotsize: 0.01

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
Mine too, didn' t close since Thursday.... and max DD -11,23%, a bit uncomfortable, that' s why I' m testing with only 3 pairs.....

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Am I correct here guys, is a trade only added when phantom buy+phantom sell=a positive overall phantom?

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Todays update on phantom_addsix_2a :

Balance : 5315 $, presently a basket of trades open and running with a targeted profit of 5367 $.

The demo a/c was opened with 5000 $ on 10 th nov. 5 trading days, 6.3 % up. Not bad at all.

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
Spreadsheets updated through this morning.

None of these have closed this week. Although 01x and 03ax have quite a few open trades, niether is in margin trouble.

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Frezard,

What is the difference between addsix_a and addsix_x ?

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
I have removed all my demos except:

1.- Phantom3_01x(24h): running 24h, since 15-11, gain: 2.03%, max DD: -5.30%, Lowest Margin: 643,53% (200:1)

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...-01x-24h/63711

1.- Phantom3_01x(8h-20h): running from 8h00 (GMT+2) till 20h, if profit, I close manually and reopen at 8h00, if loss, I don´t close, since 16-11, gain: 0.97%, max DD: -1.79%, Lowest Margin: 2.867,23% (500:1)

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...x-8h-20h/64141

I want to check if Asian Session for EUR, USD, GBP is really important....

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
This one has closed again today.. still has not missed a day.

BTW, I changed this one to 03bx back a couple of weeks ago when I changed all the AddSix demos to include the x factor.

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
Any of my EAs that have x added contain the code that does not allow a trade unless allprevious trades on that pair are winners.. it precludes adding too many trades to a pair that may still be a winner, but has reversed and is on the way to being a loser.

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Another close for this one:

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...x-8h-20h/64141

EDIT: and for the other one:

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...-01x-24h/63711

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Phantom-addsix_2a :

Another basket got closed, the present equity 5370 $.

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
my 01x popped out just now. it took 3 min to close all

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
hello ,

i am back from abu dhabi F1-

what i see on my demo  account-

one is death-

the reason is simple :

the MM to high :0.67

the PP:1.0

and the account to little-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
01x and 03x have closed

01x closed 32 trades

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
the best lowest margin !!

MM:0.3

PP:0.5

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
but if something is good why not?

Here is my application you can see how it works -

Phantom_AddSix_03b

MM: 0.01

PP: 0.035

Phantom_AddSix_02phantom

MM:0.01

Lots:0.1

PP: 0.025

MinDrawdownToEnter:0.0

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
I had a problem with one of my demos: Tadawull doesn' t have 0,01 increment so I' m running 24/7 on my VPS only this Phantom3_01x, Alpari UK, 500:1, MMTU: 0.4, PP: 1.0:

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...tom3-01x/64141

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
roundrock,

I think we really need to add or change code to get these EA's to close faster. Once you get 20-30 trades open, price bounces around so fast that a winning basket can become a loser by the time all trades are closed. I looked at one of MC's statements and it took 4 min. to close 150 trades. I used a CloseAll script in a little experiment and closed 150 trades in 29 seconds.

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Just an observation with these EAs.

I'm sure most of you who have tested have witnessed this before.

Once a trading "session" takes over 4 hours to complete, the chances are very small for it to recover.

I notice the best sessions are under 4 hours (i.e. fast)

I don't know how to take advantage of this, just putting it out there for the rest of you to think over.

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
There is a 1 second delay to close each trade in MC's EA... I changed this to 100 milliseconds in mine.

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
Yup I agree... thats why I try to trade during sessions starting a basket during the first few hours and then let it find the direction... by the end of the session a trend should be established...  London seems to have two... ASIAN/LONDON overlap and London to London/NY overlap. I think by choosing your phantom times wisely you can take advantage of this.

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
The main points we need to address are:

1. Optimal MMTU and PP for your own Account Balance and Account Leverage

2. Take advantage of the best session times.

I think we are closer more than ever with your help Jag.

I was also on another thread started by ES Trader just recently [A simple breakout system] where he actually places his breakout trades just before each Forex session close - not on the session opens.

His reasoning is because the big traders want to "wrap up" their trades before the session ends, hence big market movement at around those times.

We can take advantage of his theory as well as the session opens/overlaps.

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
Yea I read that thread... it seems intuitive to want to close in profit if you have a billion dollars in the pocket... who knows that other sessions will bring.

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
Sid,

So you changed the sleep value from (1000) to what? Is 100 milliseconds delay the fastest you can get trades to close? thanks much

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
1000ms sleep is to let the broker catchup with our commands. you can try 100 or 50 or 10 and see what happens

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
by trading session you mean the start of our first order ? then this is nothing to do with US,EU,AS market sessions.

you are saying if it takes more than 4 hours from first order, then most likely it will go slow and add several orders. is that true ? if that is the case then how do we know this cycle will take 2 hrs, 3 hrs, 4 hrs or 1 day , 2 days...

if we start our first order at EU opening or US opening then it will close faster ?  one thing for sure most of times the orders placed in AS session are timepass orders, they dont go anywhere except making the broker happy

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
Thank  you  very much   MetaCoder,  i  was  looking  for  this  kind of  system  from  many  months.

I  think  there is   a  big  experience  behind  this  system  of  trading,   and   i'm   happy   to  see  this   strategy  clearly  explained.

Thank   you  again.

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
trading session, leg, what ever you want to call it starts on our first real order through to when all orders are closed.

The 4 hour thing is just a pattern I've seen where after the 4 hours the EA tends to eat up your margin while it is trying to recover.

Basically the EA is trying to adapt to a changing market, but it is hard for it to do so if there are active orders that were adapted to the market more than 4 hours ago.

The only way to know if we can close faster if we start our trading session at the start of each Open or near the Close of the EU, US, AS markets is to test.

I agree with what you are saying about the AS hours, so we should probably concentrate on EU and US hours, just like Jag has proposed.

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
I don't agree AS is where the big boys set up there trades... if you watch volume you can see it. direction is initially set up in AS then a headfake and then the real trend. Sometimes Asian follows right through and we see DOW down 300+ those days.

If you look at AS its possible to have a profitable basket either during start of tokyo or between tokyo and start of frankfurt/london.

But maybe its not worth the hastle.. this is why it sucks not being able to test properly.

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
You should remember that the opposite can also happen, you can walk away with more profit.

I think if you trade for a month or so the losing trades because of the delay and the winning trades will even out more or less.

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
I extracted the attached trade manager from Steve's MPTM. It closed 56 trades in 18 secs using my demo account. I use this EA to close Phantom 6 trades. It has an option on increasing the profit target when the number of trades increases. Just set your Phantom 6 EA to a high profit target and set the MPTM to your chosen profit target.

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
Hi everyone,

I was very satisfied with Phantom3_01x, +2.9% in less 24h, max DD: -2.79%, but I noticed that during Asian Session movements for 3 pairs (EUR, USD, GBP) were very erratics, so a lot of trades and in London Session we have to recover that.

That´s why I have changed pairs, now with Phantom3_suv we have Buy EUR/JPY, Sell EUR/USD and Sell USD/JPY. So now we have 3 weight pairs one for each session: EUR for London, USD for New York and JPY for Tokyo. Because of that the name "suv", I´m looking for a phantom ea able to run ok 24h, for all sessions. Let´s see what´s happens.....

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...tom3-suv/64513

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
Phantom_addsix_2a :

Todays update as of 6 AM EST : Balance 5426 $, Started trading since 10 th nov. 5 trading days, Profit up by 426 $. 8.5 %. total. 1.7 % per trading day.

My settings :

Initial deposit 5000 $.

Leverage 200 : 1

MMTU : 0.75

PROFIT : 1.0

Have seen maximum of 12 trades per basket.

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
I am running this phantom_suv too. I will publish the updates. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
Hi Navk,

Your Phantom_AddSix_02a results are great, what was your max DD and Lowest Margin ? 1.7% per trading day is coooooollll !!!!!!! You try with Phantom_AddSix_02a without x mod?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
Max drawdown: - 9.6 %

Lowest margin : 468 %

Largest floating loss : 468 $.

Yes, i am running w/o x mod.

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
Navk,

Can't understand how you're getting these results with Add6-2a. I've been running it since fri. afternoon without a closure. Currently 36 trades 657% margin with $1124 DD (about 3%) trading 50:1 with IBFX. Are you running it on specific hours? thanks

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
this week has been very very slow for 02ax, 01x

trades are not moving and new orders are not being added as existing trades are in losses and new phantoms are not coming

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
I'm thinking the larger lot size you're trading is getting you to closure faster but what if you go into a 30-40 trade basket.

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
It takes 0.08 lots, and i have seen maximum 12 trades in a basket. Surprising to me if others are not having same results. At times it takes even two trades. But it does not take one trade every hour.

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
Phantom_addsix_2a :

Another basket got closed. Present balance 5483 $ . No open trades at present. The last basket had only 8 trades. Very impressive returns. 9.6 % since nov 10 th.

Note : Since biginning i allowed this EA to trade for 24 hrs.

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
You can try with same settings as i have. Leverage 200:1.

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
Looks great work. Well done ! I was running this EA since 6 AM EST. Untill now two baskets got closed. Each basket 50 $.

My setting :

Opening balance 5000 $

Leverage 200:1

MMTU : 0.6

Lot size :0.1

Profit :1.0

Present equity : 5105 $.

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
Hello Caillou,

Thanks for posting your EA. It looks like the Phantom3 is a great idea.

I have been running it with the same inputs as you, and have same great result.

Looking forward to testing your second Phantom3 EA.

Thanks again

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
Hi Navk,

Thanks for posting your result with the Phantom_add6_02a.

I did abandon it, my results were not as great.

But I will test it again with your inputs.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
It's probably standard not mini lots.  Therefore risk is high but so is reward.

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
Meta coder,

First of all thanks to this wonderful EA.

Now my question :

It is a standard account but i trade with 0.08 lots. Profit i set 1.0, i have never seen more than 12 trades in a basket sisnce i started using this EA. It does not place orders every hour. This is great too. But at times, at the end of an hour it places two trades at a time.

Untill now 10 baskets got closed since last 10 th november (wednesday). How come for my account type only less number of trades in a basket?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
Thank you Navk,

What I require to this EA is to have a minimum DD, now I´m at -3.83%, I want to know how it will recover...

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
Thank you Pluto2,

I want to test the performance of Phantom3_suv this evening....

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
Originally Posted by navk http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Looks great work. Well done ! I was running this EA since 6 AM EST. Untill now two baskets got closed. Each basket 50 $.

My setting :

Opening balance 5000 $

Leverage 200:1

MMTU : 0.6

Lot size :0.1

Profit :1.0

Present equity : 5105 $.
______________________________________

Hi Navk,

I think you have made a mistake in the post above.
The MMTU 0.6 should give a lot size 0.06 (not 0.1)
Or am I missing something?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
The MMTU is set to only 0.6. The next line ( lot size) is set to 0.1 So probably the orders are placed with 0.1 lot.

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
LOL! You new guys need to read the code/thread more.

Hint: Lot is a leftover parameter and is not used.

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
I agree with you the lot size is based on MMTU . But how the trades are placed with 0.1 when MMTU is set to 0.6. I do not have an answer.

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
Hi Navk,

Since we are not using the LOT input, I totally forgot about it.

Now I know what you meant.

Thanks for your reply.

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
Last time I will post this:

(Account Equity Before EA places REAL TRADES) * (MMTU / 100) * (Leverage / Account Type)

Account Types:

STANDARD = 100,000

MINI = 10,000

So e.g. for you navk

5000 * (0.6 / 100) * (200 / 100000) = 0.06 Lot size

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
Navk,

I have a platform set with your inputs (lot input as per default 0.1);

It is entering with 0.06 lots.

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
Great, thanks. However when i did the calculation with my previous equity, standard account, 200;1 leverage, the lot size works out to nearly 0.7. But actual trades are placed with 0.8 for my another EA ( PHANTOM_ADDSIX_06A)

This is the calculation : 5483 * 0.6/100 * 200/100,000

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
That's correct as your account equity after closing and before placing real trades is higher, so of course the Lot size will be a fraction higher compared to when you started.

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
this is already posted by some posters. why not we reverse the trades. that means instead of buy, do a sell and vice-versa

most of the times we have 2% DD before hitting TP. Very rarely we see TP without even 1% DD. So if we reverse the EA, does it improve the results ? may be its worthwhile to trade this way for a week

iirc, basically the winners are sold for 'buy' group.

this strategy will work in range bound market as the prices go up and down. so you are selling top buying bottom. in a strong trending market we need to buy the top...

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
Hi Caillou,

I think this is a very good variation on the theme.  I am trading this on a small live account to test it under real conditions.

Two suggstions:

1/  Would you consider having the EA look for new trades every 30minutes rather than at the top of the hour.  Often the price action has run a long way within an hour and the EA misses out on this when only taking trades on the hour - it could make the difference, creating quicker close outs (equity pops).

2/  As the news releases come out mainly on the top of the hour or the half hour - why not have the EA look for trades, say, 10 minutes past the hour (and if you consider having it look for trades every 30 minutes - then it could look at 10 past and 40 minutes past the hour for trades...??)

We could even look at the EA taking trades 10 minutes before the hour and be in trades ahead of any news event...  either way the EA has to run the gauntlet of the news event.

But better to look off the hour so that the trade is not entered with massive slippage.....

cheers.

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Hi Timmy,

Very good observations. I think too 1 hour is too much time. Yesterday if EA would look each 30 min it would reach a PP with EUR/USD before it goes up.

Maybe it could check at 10h15, 10h45, 11h15,.....

Let me check the code. I' m not a coder so I have to see if it is difficult to change this but EA will be more close to market movement each 30 min than each 60 min.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
see my thread i already thought about this

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Here you have.

Phantom3.30_suv opens trades at 15 and 45 (each 30 min) to every winning phantom pair (EUR/JPY, EUR/USD, USD/JPY) if all previous trades are in profit.

Let´s see.....

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Thanks Caillou, I will test it out as soon as my current trade closes out.

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
AddSix-2a results this week. Basket started fri afternoon. No closures yet for the week. $39,600 demo MMTU .3, PP .25 ,50:1 leverage. 58 trades open at present. Largest DD $1301, lowest margin around 400%. DD is at -$130 now so hopefully will see first basket close soon. 50:1 leverage sucks.

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
Phantom_addsix_2a :

One basket got closed since yesterday. Presently the equity is 5544 $.

No. of trading days : 6.

Initial balance : 4980 $.

Profit for 6 days : 5544 - 4980 = 564 $.

Equity up by 11.3 %, 1.88 % per day.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
Phantom3_suv :

Initial deposit : 5000 $ on 16 nov.

Standard account. Lot size 0.1.

Profit untill 18 nov 6 AM EST : 163 $

Balance up by 3.2 % in 2 trading days. Cheers !

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
Great !!!! I´m going to test Phantom3.30_suv, each 30 min, must get profit quicker and must reach a perfect syntetic hedge situation if markets moves wrong quicker....

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
Shall try this version too and tell you the reults. Thanks for your EA update.

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
Thanks luiboy,

Will give this a try.

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
I am testing it with MMTU 0.3 and pp 0.25 (small live test account).  But I think as the three pairs will hedge out quicker - i may change the MMTU to 0.6 (test account has ~$1200 in it so lot size would be 0.04 mini's).

What settings are you thinking of using for this version?

Also I think some sort of volatility filter could help with killing off the open trades when price swings get too big (after a large number of trades open into one direction) and the trades are in profit, and then the market reverses.  If it gets into profit then this filter could kick in if there is a rapid move back to zero - after say reaching at least ~60% of targeted pp.  Usually once the EA moves into a decent profit it eventually hits the pp.  So closing out at BE after ~60% in the profit may help eliiminate the chance of a bigger DD if it reverses from a good profit position....

Tim

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
hello MC and FRAZER,

Are they still here ?

Leave your opinion about the situation as the thread develops?

what do you think of this attempt?

what they use for a ea...?!

Thanks for rating!

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
Hi Tim,

My settings are: Demo Standard Account, 10.000.-$, Leverage 500:1, MMTU: 0.4 (0.2 lots), PP: 1.0

First Profit reached +1.03% up with 4 trades in 1h15....

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...m330-suv/64752

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
Another basket closed. Present equity : 5225 $. Equity up by 4.5 %.

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Hello Vienna,

As MC said a few posts before: "Everyone wants something different, so I leave it to each individual to expand on the code, or use another party's code, or use manual measures to deal with any adverse situations.

I concentrate on building reliable software that is better than most manual traders at making money and I hope that's enough."

I think MC, Frazerd, you and others have done an incredible work, and as always, each EA update try to improve results......

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
Phantom3.30_suv :

First basket got closed.

Initial balance : 4737 $.

Present equity : 4784 $.

Setting : MMTU : 1.0

Profit : 1.0

Standard account, leverage 100 : 1

Lot : 0.05.

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
None of these closed yesterday and 01x is the only one that has closed today. It closed 31 trades and lowest margin since adding the x factor has been 510%.

The others are all in excellent position margin-wise. 02ax has not closed since 11/5, but only has 26 open trades and margin is 782%.

Someone recently posted that these EAs could not survive if they go more than 4 hours without a close. I think my demos contradict that belief. AddSix_01 just closed after going 30(+) hours since the last close and there are numerous examples in my spread sheets of these EAs recovering after days, not hours between closes.

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
I´m with you Frazerd,

Why these EAs could not survive after 4 hours ? The perfect syntetic hedge does his job and keeps DD under control.

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
i think what he meant was if it goes beyond 4 hrs probably it takes a long time to come back to PP. after 4 hours it keeps adding new trades or doesnt add trades for existing pairs

if we buy instead of sell and sell instead of buy then we can reach PP quickly. provided market is range bound, like this week

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
Yesterday is the first time this one has gone a full day without closing, but it did close today and lowest margin is still 791%.

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
Yea but when a big swing comes thats it.. remember it only takes one bad situation to ruin years of work. Also remember that bigger swings come usually after range becomes tight then breaks out.

I would never do the opposite trades.

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
That's an interesting concept and we did look at that once, but MC didn't like it. In fact, I think I brought it up for discussion based on what I was seeing in my demos. It might work well.. we need to try it. But there will be times when that doesn't work and the current strategy does.

Someone in another thread, the Phantom6 thread I believe, is trading 2 versions of AddSix_02a on the same account. One trades normally and the other is trading reverse trades. He posted results for 1 day which look very good. We will see how it works out going forward.

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Hello,  i'm  using the  EA  Basket14_03. It   seem  that  it  work very fine,  has  take  about 37  hours  to  close   the  first   basket ,   there   were  three  cutting  position,  very  good,  profit  reached  is  more  hight  than the

setting  and  i think  it's  only  good luck.

After  the   first   closure,  it  has  reopened  14  trade,  but the amount of  lot  of  the  last   trade  is  not  equal  to  the  other  opened position,  i  do  not  understand  the motivation,  perhaps   is  only  an  indication  of  the

next  amount  of  lot  that  it  will  place  after   the  second  closure ??  can  someone  explain  this??

See  my  attachment:                  thank  you

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
Phanto-addsix_02a :

Next basket got closed, present equity 5604 $.

Total profit 624 $ in 6 days.

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Hello Navk,

I am using your inputs for the Phantom_addsix_02a

and also have a very good result just like you have.

It is clear that the inputs will make or brake the Phantom EAs.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
Very good.

Let others too try this settings and produce positive results.

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
Hello Caillou,

Thanks for the brilliant idea of Phantom EA trading only 3 pairs.

It looks very good so far.

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
Navk,

Can you tell us what the max. no. of trades you've seen with the AddSix-2a EA? I'm playing with 50:1  margin compared to your 200:1 so I don't think I can trade your setting of .75MMTU without fear of margin call. My settings of .3 MMTU .25% PP are going nowhere without a close since friday. 61 trades open now with margin at 398%

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
You' re welcome Pluto2

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
Incredible results. I had test this evening with your settings and my result was +2% up, only this evening!!!! Unfortunaly, this test was not on my VPS and Internet connection failed. Will try tomorrow again....

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
Have seen maximum 12 trades with 0.08 standard lot size.

Untill now good.

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
03x has now closed, more than 48 hours after previous close.

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
Hello!

(I'm trading with the FXCM MT4. The EA(Basket14_05) write the trade-s on the chart, but nothing happened in the reality. What is wrong?)

It's working!

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
It will work well for others who are trading the same leverage, but may not work for different leverages. Also, timing of first entry using new settings can cause a difference in results. I have never figured out exactly why, but 2 people running the same EA with same leverage and same settings may get totally different results. The only difference being start time, would lead you to believe that is the determining factor. Sometimes the difference in start time can be just an hour or two and cause the results to differ because the one that started first will have a few trades that the second does not have.

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Actually i am running this for 24 hrs. Even after 1PM EST, i allow it to run. During this time, the EA do not place trades ! But when there is price movement during asian session, it trades !

Note : Sorry, it placed a trade at 3 PM EST !! Just now. lol

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
everyone can see the setting in the title of the file-

they adhere to the beginning of the accounts -

I thought of one day running of the report-nothing

here you can see longer term act-

See more fun-

and see the next report -

best regards vienna

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
everyone can see the setting in the title of the file-

best regards

vienna

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
Ok,  it  work,  also  my  Basket 14_03   work, I  think  that  between  version

3 ;  4 and 5  there  is  no  much  difference,  in  term  of  the  time  to the "pop".

I 'm    not  interested   to  EA   like  these  one  who  add  a trade every  hour

because i  do  not  want that  open  too much  positions,  i  prefer   to  cut  and  reverse.

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
ciao!!

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
Hi,
First I want to apologize to everyone (mostly MC and Frazerd) for my weird and rude behavior previously.. There's an old American proverb (well, whatever)  that says if you want to get a mule's attention you have to hit him in the head. So, from my silliness I hoped that some innovation might arise.

I hope I didn't offend anyone too deeply.

Moving along... I wanted to say thanks to Cailou for the above EA. Of course, it's too early to tell but it may be the solution to the large DD problems. The overall profitability remains to be seen but I've noticed that once it gets into DD, none of the pairs are in profit so no new trades are taken. Minimal DD.

I'm letting it run on (among others) an ACM demo trading $1 per pip on only a $4500 account balance. ACM has been the worst account for EA's anyway so if it survives........  we'll see.

Thanks to all.
TR

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
01x popped out twice yesterday

02ax is in a big DD (big by its standards, not by without x). prev pop took 5 days to pop out

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
Hi guys,

Yes i agree Pluto2 that this is a very good variation to trade the basket.  Also thanks Caillou for the _suv variant.

Observations:

1/  If a pure hedge has absolutely no DD (other than the locked in hedge loss), the next best basket is the correlated pairs, eg E/U and U/CHF they will produce minimal DD most of the time... then I would suggest that the three pair trade basket would produce the next 'least' amount of DD.  And a full 14 pair basket will be so loose in its basket relationships that it can produce large DD's before rebalancing as we have seen.  As such I think you will get significantly more DD from the six pairs traded on the Addsix EA's than with Caillou's 3 pairs being traded.

2/  My Phantom3_suv closed out twice in the last 24 hours.  DD max about 1.5%.  (I will start to track the results.)  And this was running it through the slow asian sessions also.  It remains to be seen if the three pairs can allow enough equity pops to make the EA viable.  Certainly we could increase the contract size we are trading to compensate.....  I assume there is a relationship between the number of pairs traded and, the standard devaition on the DD curve???  If so - is there an optimal number of pairs to trade in the basket... i guess we will just have to keep testing to find out.  I am happy with the three pairs as the way to go for now.

3/  Trading a reverse version is a sure way to big DD's - since we know that clean trends will occur and these will be very hard for the basket to recover from.  But if we are trading with the trend as we are at present - then we suffer small incremental DD increases while we are in the range and then the eventual trending move will get us to our target pp.  The main difference is that the basket is ideally designed to manage ranges by constantly hedging itself  - and it can do this much more efficiently when price action is ranging.

Tim

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
Hi Caillou,

Possible additional variable to be added to the Phantom3.30_suv would be to have it only restart a new trade sequence an hour prior to the London open.  If it is still in a trade sequence from the day before it would just continue through the Asian session.  But when it closes out it will wait for the London session to start new sequence.

In this way we would avoid the (usually flat) asian session and so minimise DD further, allowing us to increase our contract size further(?) ... this again would need testing.

I know Sidhujag has built something like this into his series of EA's on the other thread, but they are all six pair trading variants, and I think a simple delay to trade activity in the London session should do the trick.

If you get some time to add this to the EA (as a true/ false variable) I would be grateful

Thanks

Tim

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
Only reason I don't do 3 is because its not distributing your money as much as 6 pairs. Distribution is always better way to reach profit in the long run. But if 3 is better I can always modify it and try it out.

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
I see many people bring up the "perfect hedge" comment, I think we all should read this post I read a while ago:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=134

It explains that buying and selling 1 lot is NOT a hedge.  For example:

"SELL 1Lot CHF/JPY means selling CHF 100 K (1 Lot), which is a dept of CHF 100K which buys for your balance JPY 9,883,000 on assets. "

Not sure if this will influence the EA but it should be given some attention.

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
We aren't trying to create a perfect hedge or we wouldn't get anywhere would we

The idea of the synthetic hedge is exactly that... a synthetic "edge" to help us out when trades mount up.. to avoid margin call.. thats all it is.

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
You' re welcome...

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
Hello Tim,

As I said before I' m not a coder and this reset change sounds a bit difficult for me but I promise I will check it, it could be a good idea

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
Yeah that is also how I understand it but I see the word "perfect hedge" a lot so that is why I got confused hehe

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
I agree with you however if we can make the DD smaller and possibly do so with the same size trade then we make a gain on the system.  And logic would dictate that three pairs should produce a 'tighter' reaction with the hedge and so shrink the DD.  (The issue being whether this will allow for good equity pops - thus the reason I was keen to see a simple pre-London open trade entry filter.)

Tim

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
Tell us something we don't know.

Tim

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
The other point to be made about the 3 pair trading approach is that it is very efficient on margin used.  There is a possiblity that there are less trades causing a 'drag' on the pair with the momentum (in the positive direction) - so 'in theory' this should mean we will get less margin used to achieve the equity pop.  Since there is a higher chance of more trades that turn negative with more pairs slowing down a close out...ie the more pairs being traded the more 'muddy' the water is  Not sure if this is actually true.

But watching the Phantom3 EA's operate they certainly have incredibly low DD's for the last few days and have shown less than half the DD's of the Addsix series that I had running and have seen from Frazerd etc.

Time and testing will tell I guess.

Tim

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Exactly. That' s why with 3.30 version we can reach PP quicker but you can reach an unbalanced situation quicker too, I prefer DD control for trades taken each hour, not each 30 min. Maybe it' s better to increase MMTU than to increase trades.....let' s see

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
Not sure about this.  I was thinking more that we could possibly reach the pp quicker because there are less other pairs to conflict with a clean move (in one of the three pairs).  I do not think that it follows that it will get unbalanced quicker also - since the other pairs are equally quick to react  - this is not the case with less aligned pairs in a bigger basket.

I am not sure also about the 30 min trading - BUT - I am certain that the extra trades dynamically make no difference to the three pair trading basket (or any basket for that matter).  It just allows the basket to react to the market conditions quicker (but doesn't make it more efficient or inefficient in terms of the basket itself).  Sure it will add to the margin used - but this is very low anyways.

In theory it shouldn't add to the DD either, since the other pairs have equal chance (every 30 min)to restabilize the basket.  It just allows the trade sequence to be more dynamic and react quicker to the market...I hope I am making myself clear on this.....

Again time will tell.

Tim

PS Sorry Saider - didn't mean to be so blunt on that reply to your earlier comment

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
Sure, I don´t really care about margin use with 3 pairs and 500:1 Leverage, DD management is my obsession..

Actually I´m only worried about 3 versions:

-Phantom3_suv

-Phantom3.30_suv

-Phantom_AddSix_02a with Navk settings

I want to modify 1º to trade at min 15 each hour, not min 0 but all 3 seem the best for me.....

I can really know I am not convinced about an EA with 1 day test, to really know I am convinced I need much longer....

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Phantom3.60_suv: exactly as Phantom3_suv but during min 15, not 0.

Phantom3.30_01x: exactly as Phantom3.30_suv but with GBPUSD, EURGBP and EURUSD (Pluto2 suggestion).

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
we havent heard about MC recently. would like to know his views on the new developments. its getting little too complicated with so many flavors and too many EAs. its difficult to keep track of what is what

i am only focussing on 01x and 02ax

01x popped 5 times in last 2 days

02ax is still in huge (10%) DD -- with 10k account 200:1, MMTU 0.2 PP 1%

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Another closure for Phantom3.30_suv, this one +0.60%, not +1%, 13 trades closed in 1 min, if market moves during this min against you, your PP will be less, sometimes it will be more. Another reason to prefer less trades....

Gain: +1.62%, less than 24h, max DD: -6.12%

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...m330-suv/64752

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
AddSix-2a finally closed for first time since last friday. 71 trades with lowest margin a 350% (50:1 leverage). MMTU .3,PP .25.

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
And another, this one 4 trades, 1 hour. Maybe the only one able to catch so small moves....

+2.56%, just 1 trading day

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...m330-suv/64752

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
Phantom3_suv :

Two baskets got closed during europeon session.

Present balance : 5330 $. Equity up by 6.6 % in 3 days since 17 nov.

Right now another basket open.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
Caillou : Can you advise me your settings for 3.30 suv?

For me not a single basket got closed since yesterday. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
I had same settings than Phantom3_suv:

MMTU: 0.4

PP: 1.0

10.000.-$, 500:1 Leverage

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
Nothing closed since last report - no updated spread sheet

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Just remember that Caillou is using 500:1 leverage. If your leverage is not 500:1 his settings probably will not work for your account. Also, keep in mind that timing (when you enter the market with the new settings) has a lot to do with how well the EA performs the first few days.

As an example, my AddSix_01x is doing great since adding the x factor on my original demo, but I started another account with same EA, same settings, same leverage, same everything except start time. It has been running since 10 Nov and has not closed yet - 66 open trades, 343% lowest margin and -6.3% max DD.

Sometimes you get into a good flow and sometimes you don't. We need to concentrate on figuring out the optimum time to start the EAs. I start most of mine on Sunday evening when the market opens or late at night on other days. Those seem to do better than the few that I open during the daytime. It may be because they catch the London opening early on and not the Asian. That's why I think those who are concentrating on the different market hours may come up with a good solution.

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Another closure. Up +3.46%.....

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/Serg...m330-suv/64752

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
I agree with you Frazerd that the start time is important but only for the first closure. After that, the new start time is absolutely random.

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
It would help if one of the guys developing the 3 pair concept would start a new thread to keep all that separate from the 6 pair versions. And then everyone post only to the appropriate thread. If you want to talk about the AddSix EAs do it on this thread, Phantom6 reports/conversations only on that thread and Phantom3 only on the new thread. That would make it easier to keep track.

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
True, but it seems that if you get the good start you get into a flow where you get more and quicker closures, at least for several days.

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
I would have no problem to start a new thread, but this in NOT MY EA, it is MC´s EA, I have only made a simple version with 3 pairs, all appreciation and thankfulness is for MC.

Only if MC, the author of the thread, asks me to leave this thread, I will do. Otherwise, sorry for having complicated this thread, my only goal is to share what I think are good ideas. I just want to return a small part of what helped me MC and others.....

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
absolutely sincere suggestion:

use: gbpjpy, eurgbp, and eurjpy

the reason is that fundamentally, the 14 pairs basket is very very similar to gbpjpy (or eurjpy).  in t101 thread, some ppl develop 14 pairs offline chart that looks highly similar to gbpjpy/eurjpy.

therefore, these 3 (with jpy) may better serves the purpose to identify overall market sentiments.  and we also know that gbpjpy/eurjpy are sort of indicator of overall financial market mood.

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
Hi,

Tighter reaction might not be what you want when the market swings that tight reaction would cause drawdown. This is why I said to distribute your money so during swings you would have less DD.

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
Thank you Charvo,

I will code this too and make ready to test....

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
I am not suggesting the new thread because I don't like your ideas. I think the 3 pair versions may turn out to be the best ones over time. But since it is a major deviation from the 6 pair concept, it would help simplify keeping track of changes, etc.

I'm not sure what's happened to MC recently, but I don't think he would object to having a separate thread for the 3 pair concept.

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
Phantom3_suv :

Next basket got closed. Present equity : 5387 $. Equity up by 7.7 % in 3 trading days.

Calliu, do you suggest switching off this EA untill sunday open ? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
Sorry Frazerd, I think I have never offended anyone to tell me "I don´t like your ideas". Anyway, I do like yours.

To close the topic, if MC thinks it is better I move to a new thread, I will do

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Hello Caillou,

Thanks so much for all the EAs.

I will set up all 3 pairs Phantoms for next trading week.

Same inputs, same type of account, starting at the same time.

We will see which one is doing the best.....

Thanks again

BTW, the Phantom_addsix_02a with Navk inputs is doing extremely well.

Largest floating DD so far -0.79. Started Nov. 17 with $5,000.

As of now the balance is closed $5,315.

Open +9.60. It had 6 pops.

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
Hello Navk,

Personally, I will not switch off the EA, you´re right, you could have a gap, but with red news we could have a big movement too. If I had a hard SL is different, but the EA has to be able to recover any DD, that´s why I´m testing it. And most of the time, market doesn´t like gaps, and they are often closed quickly ...but, just my opinion.

I´m looking for an EA wich can operate 24h.

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
True, testing an EA for all conditions would be good.

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
i am sorry to intefear in this issue. in my view 3 pair concept deserves its own thread, since it needs to evolved and tested and hence a seperate thread. it doesnt matter who thinks what. seperate thread always gets its own attention and its due

combining several concepts in same thread will confuse the members. nothing wrong in having so many threads on basket system. each is seperate idea and is not comptition to each other, they can coexist and we can trade one or more of these EAs (on different accounts)

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Because everyone seems to want this, I will open a new thread about 3 pairs basket. I will inform you.....

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
You need to think about this.  A tighter reaction will limit the drawdown NOT increase it.  It will increase the margin used (although with only three pairs trading this is much less than other EA series such as the Addsix EA's).

The DD is limited because if the direction of the overall position goes negative it is quickly rebalanced.

Distributing your money across more pairs (with less direct association to each other) means it will take more time and trades to rebalance.  This means that sometimes there will be a bigger DD blow out (but not always).

We saw this clearly with the 14 pair basket trades (Phantom or Basket series), and the newer versions have much less DD.  The three pair basket has less again.

Tim

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
I think it is a mistake to open a seperate thread for the 3 pairs basket.  This just represents (potentially) further evolution of the design.  All we need to do is to state which EAs we are talking about.  The three and six basket EA's should be discussed and compared along side each other, with them seperated the debate will be limited..no?

Really there is only two or three Six series EA's and two or three Three series EA's that we are all using now.

However if you do open a seperate thread Caillou - thats where I will be heading, so please let us know.

Thanks

Tim

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
You are very welcome.

By the way, you can actually set 3 pairs as external inputs, so that some newcomers can try their own idea.

i do have pathetic skills to alter the code, but afraid that my coding might confuse the download list.

we look forward to your new thread and coding soon :-)

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
I think as you. Someone said the change from 6 to 3 pair is a sustancial difference, so the change from 14 to 6 not?

So I will start a new thread if I wake up a day with enough desire to do....

What is clear for me is that a thread is alive, it evolves and over time the EA' s being talked about are the ones who survive the changing market conditions.

So time will say in this thread and others wich EA' s are the bests....

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
Your suggested change is interesting but absolutely impossible to do for me....

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
Phantom3_suv :

Another basket got closed before friday closing. Present equity 5443 $.

Equity up by 8.8 % in three trading days. 2.93 % per day.

Very impressive performance !

Cheers calliou !

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
Phanto-addsix_02a :

The basket of trades (16) are still running and not yet closed untill friday close. This is the maximum i have seen since i started running.

DD is -9.2 % Margin 622 %.

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
Great !!!!

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Hello Caillou,

I think it will be great if you start a new thread with the 3 pairs Phantoms.

I and a few other people like your ideas and would like to explore it further.

At the same time, it is true that the 6 pairs Phantoms concept is also great and needs to be explored further.

So, why don't we keep an open mind to both concepts and separate the two.

Many thanks to MetaCoder, FrazerD and to you for all the work you are sharing with the rest of us.

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Ok, new thread about 3 pairs:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=266629

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
Hi,

I wanted to be able to do some backtests over a longer period of time without having to wait for months to get results so I converted one of the EAs (AddSix_01x) to MT5.

If anyone is interested here it is.

Results do not look very good so far (Huge drawdowns, Statements included) BUT

- I am not 100 % sure yet everything runs as in MT4

- I am not sure if these "strategy tester" backtests are accurate at all. To be able to tell so I will try to compare the results with my realtime demo tests.  Have to let it run for some weeks in order to have something to compare with.

If you want to try it for yourself make sure

- you have all 14 pairs. I use Alpari MT5 which you can get here: http://www.alpari.co.uk/files/site_u...k_mt5setup.exe

- you have the VOM (Virtual Order Manager) extension which you can get here: http://www.mql5.com/en/articles/88

- you delete the CSV files generated by VOM after each run, else you will get different results each time (didnt figure out why yet)

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
For one MQL5 has no spread so your result in backtest is probably better than real life lol

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
I have also made some muli currency experts in MT5, the multi currency tester is broken.  You can test this yourself, run the EA on different currencies and you will see the results vary.  That is not supposed to happen the results should be the same.

So I have postponed my multi currency EA development until they fix the tester.  Not sure when this will happen though.

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
Cant confirm that there is NO spread.

The buys in the statement are always higher than the bid on the chart, so there is at  least a fiixed default spread which is of course not correct but this  seems to be the case in MT4 as well.

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
Not sure what you mean here. I would assume that you always get slightly different results with different currencies because the EAs action is triggered on each tick which arrives and different currencies mean different points of time when ticks arrive.

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Not only that the time of the bars are not synchronized, go and test for yourself you will see what I mean.

This code should help a bit but it is not a true solution:

void OnTick()

{

string Symbols[3];

Symbols[0] = "EURJPY";

Symbols[1] = "USDJPY";

Symbols[2] = "EURUSD";

int N = 2;

int RoundNum;

ENUM_TIMEFRAMES TimeFrame = _Period;

int i;

datetime dta[1];

static datetime LastBarTime;

// pair 0 (among N) is the "driver"

CopyTime(Symbols[0],TimeFrame,0,1,dta);

if (dta[0] != LastBarTime) {

RoundNum++;

Print("Debug --- Round ",RoundNum);

LastBarTime = dta[0];

for (i=0; i<=N; i++) {

CopyTime(Symbols[i],Period(),0,1,dta);

Print("Debug --- Symbol ",Symbols[i]," : Time ",dta[0]);

}

// Do your stuff here.

Process();

}

}

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
HALLO MC , and FRAZER,
IS THE THREAD DIED?

vienna

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
havent seen MC for a while. lot of ppl are using 3 pair system with good success (so far)

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
I'm still using AddSix-2a and liking it. Was worried about the first basket(MMTU-.3,PP-,25) with around 70 trades but it finally closed after a week. Margin was down to 350% trading 50:1. The next two baskets closed within a time span of 3 days using MMTU-.4  with a separate EA closing all trades at $200. I'm running a 3 pair version with E/U,G/U,E/G on another demo. Trades less but DD has been lower. One closure last week, 22 open trades at present.

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
my addsix_02x is still running since last wednesday. 11% DD. not recovering, not adding new trades. 11k account 0.1 lot 1% PP, 200:1

anybody in same boat ?

after this round, i am going to try out other 6 pairs. currently addsix series has several CHF pairs and we know its sluggish. i modified my EA to trade  gu, uch, ej   eg, gj, gch

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
It might be a little early to declare the thread dead.

The year is closing out with automatic trading alive and well.  We are seeing the best and most consistent results ever, using simple tactics based on lots of wringing out of what works and what doesn't work.

I've been busy wrapping up work related things and upgrading my PC at home.

My next step is to select one or two EAs and give them the treatment suggested by frazerd, which is to close the biggest loser when the margin level drops to a defined level.

Since Frazer tracks the performance of the EAs so methodically, I'll follow his advice as to which EA(s) get the treatment.

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
I've been running Basket14_Add_02 for a couple of months now and it's been performing steadily.  It's kinda boring because it goes through periods of days/weeks where trades stay open and nothing happens.  You just have to be patient.

I shut down my phantom experiment in another demo account due to continued losses but this oldie-but-goodie keeps plugging along.

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
Hello MC, when you think the new version will be finished and posted? Can't wait to test it. Will report the result.

Many thanks

L

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
Happy Thanksgiving to all our American friends.

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
Hi Frazerd

What do you have result from Phantom 3.30-suv ?

any idea abou that EA?

Regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
I am not testing the 3 pair versions yet. I have too many AddSix and Ph6 demos running on my VPS. But I am watching that thread pretty closely because it seems to be a promising strategy so far.

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
Interesting how many people all of a sudden jumped on the new 3 pair thread (already at 58 pages) and left this one standing in its tracks...  Human nature is quite silly at times.

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
Silly? I call it adapting, what's the point of staying on the merry go round?  I'd rather watch the merry-go-round... from afar

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
Saidar,

In my opinion, there is nothing "silly" about going to another thread which is exploring potentially very profitable concept.

At the same time, we all are very grateful to MetaCoder and Frazerd for all their work. Without them the other thread would not exist.

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
I'm not convinced that the 3 pair versions are better than the AddSix_02a. I'm getting regular closures with the 02a. So far, that's the one I'd most likely go live with.

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
First time in a long time that I've seen any of you guys on this thread. Welcome back. I am monitoring the Art thread pretty closely and using some of the-game's mods on the 6 pair versions. I would start testing some of the 3 pairs, but I don't want to discard my AddSix and Phantom6 demos and I don't think my VPS can handle any more MT4 platforms.

So for the time being I am reading all the posts and trying to keep up with all the new developements. Sounds like folks are getting some good results with the full and light versions, but a few don't seem to be so lucky.

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
What I mean is the basic human instinct to find that new "thrill".  I see it happen all the time people get bored and if something new pops up they abandon the old one and flock to the new one.

Just an observation

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
Hehe, I'm still keeping an eye on this tread, but nothing new happens. Don't get me wrong, anything new doesn't have to happen! I think it is testing time. MC, Frazerd and others have put a great effort getting this thread and the Phantom thread at such a high level. With EA's that work! (Still looking forward on your weekly resultsupdate, Frazerd!)

I had Phantom Addsix03bx running on a 500:1 account with MMTU 0.2 and PP 0.25. I did nicely, but after a while I got in a drawdown. I waited for 3 days, but it didn't seem to recover. Maybe I was too impatient..... So I'm testing Art Phantom Light now, with the only mod to trade during the Europe markets. Just to see how it performs. I'm curious if the 3 pairs and trading window result in less DD. I only aim for 1% profit per day. I may even be a little less, if the DD is acceptable.

Maybe I should mod the Addsix03bx version with the Cut Looser (CL) option and give that one another try.

When using that mod, the MMTU, PP en CL_multiplier should be in a well tested/thought balance. (Like MC mentioned before with the MMTU and PP)

So you didn't get rid of me! Still hanging around.

Once again, thank you all, especially MC and Frazerd!

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
The AddSix_02a started out shaky for me with no closure for 8 days. I did see it in good positive territory during that time several times but it couldn't quite reach my TP. It had opened more than 70 trades in that basket. Since that time with a slightly higher lot size I haven't seen it go more than 20-25 trades in a basket with most baskets having 15-20 trades. Sure wish this could be back tested to see a worse case. I think someone had a script to do that on one of these phantom threads but I cant find it again. If I could see the 02a survive a 2-3 year back test I'd probably go live with it now.

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
I coded the basic version of Addsix in MT5 and I'm running some optimization tests, will show you how dangerous this EA can be if you don't manage it very carefully.

The problem is sooner or later you will hit a draw down that never recovers, I'm seeing this over and over and over and over again on backtests.

Some take a month, others two five years, but the end results is always the same.

I have seen a linear relationship between risk and "time until fail".  The higher the risk, the more money it makes in the short run but the sooner it fails.  The lower the risk the longer it stays active but the less money it makes over time.

Will post the code and charts soon to explain what I mean.

Don't get me wrong this EA is an excellent strategy and concept it just needs some filters and risk management that will cut the huge drawdowns somehow.

Hope MC will help regarding this once I post the MT5 code

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
I'm on it with MT5 will post soon.

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
Ok to get an idea here is a graph of an excellent test, but look what happens after a while...  BOOM!

If we can get some people to study WHY this happens, and what is the CAUSE of this we might actually find a way to counter it.  My firs guess is big news events.

Like I said it does not matter what settings you use, this crash happens sooner or later, the only difference is good settings will last longer like the attached graph which lasted two years.

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
Saidar,

Thank you for the back test results. Could I ask a favor of you? In my opinion, the 02a may be the most consistent of the AddSix EA's. Could you run a test on the same period with the AddSix_02a EA with these settings? .4 MMTU, PP .5 using 50:1 leverage. I'm working with a $40,000 demo account. Your question on why the crash happens. The only answer is that market must have gone through a long period of stagnation to get you into a DD that couldn't recover. In your test how many trades were closed by margin call before the whole account crashed? What was your leverage? We may be able to control the death basket by eliminating the biggest loser trade in the basket as the other thread is experimenting with. thank you

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
The test results you saw are only the BASIC phantom addsix.  It buys or sells the biggest winner from the two baskets every hour.  The phantoms are reset every x hours.

I will code versions for the AddSix02 and 03 soon just need to figure out what makes them different.

Metatrader 5 is not the same as Metatrader 4.  Metaquotes revamped the entire order handling system.

In MT4 you can have more than one order for a currency pair.  In MT5 you can't.

The term orders is not used anymore, in MT5 you talk about positions.  You can only have ONE position open per currency pair.  But you can add to the existing position.  Think of a basket with eggs.  The basket is the position, the eggs are the orders you placed.  You cannot manage the orders individually only the basket as a whole.

So it is not possible to close the biggest losing order in MT5, what is possible is to close the biggest losing position, but that position includes all orders opened for the currency pair.

Hope you understand what I'm trying to say.

This is actually a good thing for this strategy because MT does not need to close 50 trades and take 5 minutes.  MT5 only has max 6 positions to close which is obviously a lot faster.

But even if it were possible it won't work.  The problem is where do you draw the line?  When do you tell if a order is ready to be closed?  This will change the dynamics of the system to the core and it might not work anymore.

What we are needing is to PREVENT it from happening, not sure if it is even possible.

One idea that I had a while ago is to balance all 6 pairs out in case of an emergency, that is to make a perfect hedge.  This will enable your account to stay alive and wait the storm out.  As soon as the market settles you start to unbalance the hedge again.

This is of course very difficult, linear algebra iterative operations needs to be programmed to find the lots to buy or sell to make a perfect hedge.

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
See attached for version 0.1 of MT5 addsix.

This is the basic version, it adds a trade every hour on the biggest winning pair, and resets the phantoms every x hours.

Metacoder, I'm not sure if this is an exact mirror of your technique because I did not really use your code I programmed it according to my style, but so far the backtests show that it is working ok.

Will post new versions if I detect any problems.

If you want to backtest this, use 100 000 dollars as you cannot use a mini account while backtesting.  Also use "open prices only", do NOT use every tick.

The tester is still broken and I have code that more or less fixes the problem, it is not 100% perfect but the results are ok.

If you want to run it on demo you will NEED TO REMOVE THE CODE that the tester uses, otherwise it won't work!  Go to the source code and remove the indicated code, remember to also remove the remaining bracket at the end of the OnTick() class.

Also remember to show all currencies in Market Watch before doing anything.

Enjoy!

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
I already have that going on my Tadawal 500:1 demo with MMTU 0.4 PP 1.0 CutLoserMultiplier(CLM) 2.. see attached

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
Very very tricky tactically, but if you've thought it all through, I'd be interested.

I'm very grateful for your translation to MQ5!  Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
MC,

At the beginning of the phantom 6 system you seemed to be favoring the 02a. Are you still testing that one? I'm getting very good results and considering going live with it. thanks

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
I will update the expert if I find any bugs, as you can see it is not as perfect as your MT4 version is but for now it is working fine.

Also you can modify the 6 pairs if you want to they are not static.

About balancing the trades to form a perfect hedge, as you said very tricky indeed.  Every detail of each order will need to be saved in an array of some sort to make this happen as each order was placed at different currency values.  For some reason my calculations always gives me an extra variable with no equation so that means I have two variables unaccounted for so will need to program some kind of iterative algorithm to find a solution.

As far this is the only solution that I could come up with as nobody can see into the future so preventive action is basically impossible.

Will see what I can come up with.

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
About backtesting, like I said the backtester is still broken.

You can check this, test on different currency pairs you will get different results.

My advice would be to use it as an indication if your settings will work or not, do not use optimized parameters and think they will make you rich.

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
Can someone code the ea for MT5

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
The hedge is a very good idea, I was using it in a "non loss" system. It can give a second chance and it's great for "freeze" the loss.

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
I tried it but failed, for some reason it won't work mabe my maths is wrong.  But will try again!

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
Do you maybe have the source code for that system ?

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
We're talking about different things I believe.

You seem to be talking about the simple part -- placing a perfect hedge on open positions.

I'm talking about the TACTICS.  Once we've opened our perfect hedge, which itself is very easy, now what?  What actions does the EA take over time in terms of adding more trades or closing them, taking into account that we can make no assumptions about what the market will or will not do in the future?

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
Hi, Metacoder:

I am trying to edit your code.  I hope to make it trading two sides.

see, if gbpusd is real pair to trade, and in your original EA, only when gbpusd is bullish and leading in profit, gu will be traded.

what i want is when gbpusd is bearish and leading in profit, the EA will also start to short gu.  this way might increase some entries for the EA.

however, when i read your code, i am not sure what i need to update/add.  will it work if I only change GBPUSDidx~EURJPYidx as 7~13, and EURUSDidx~EURCHFidx as 0~6?

seemingly no to me, to realise what I wish(reverse trading direction), your EA needs lots of re-writing, doesn't it?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
Do you have code for this?  I cannot seem to get it right.

From my backtests the death basket usually happens in big news events, the market normalizes usually within a week or two so I think for starters that would be a good assumption to wait two weeks and then enterthe market again.  A correlation test can also be done between two correlated pairs to see if there are any abnormalities.

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
I've put this question on the Phantom 6 System thread too but thought one of you guys may also be able to answer me..........

Being a very successful gambler with my own automated Betfair algorithms and a reasonably successful part-time FX news trader (which I'm about to take more seriously), I'm interested in the mathematics of this system.

I can't quite understand the logic behind 'buy the pair in greatest phantom profit on the hour'. I appreciate the fact that we're dealing with synthetic hedges but because I don't know the FX market as well as many on here, perhaps someone could outline the maths involved, or at least point me in the right direction.

I've read this thread and most of the other phantom-based threads but the logic behind the concept escapes me. I'm not necessarily the sharpest knife in the drawer but I generally can understand stuff once its explained.

My own view of the FX market has been that any analysis of historic data is generally meaningless when applied to predicting future movement and whilst I understand this current system is not attempting to predict future movement per se, it is using historic data to determine an action. And I'm wondering what the logic is that is driving that.

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
If we dont want to trade jpy pairs is there an alternative

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
Thank you for your information,

Can you share your set file of Phantom 6 version 02a

I have testing Phantom Atr

bye

ajentha

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
Hi,

It seems this thread went far, since the last time a read it. I've just read the 60 last pages...quite long...

- I saw that on 1 EA, someone tried to open orders at minutes 15 & 45. I think this is a good idea. Because all the news (i mean most of them) are published at minute "0" or "30". and just before and after the publication of the news (that could be GDP, retail sales, interest rates, etc.) the market is very VOLATILE...

- VIENNA !! Where are you ?

I like your reports and the way you have fun with diversification by putting 2 EAs on one account.

I tried to do it, but I'm not able to put 2 EA's at same time. when i'm moving the second one, it seems that the 1st one is leaving and there is only the second one...

Could oyu please help me?

Thank you again to MC and Frazerd. Said seems to have good idea also.

Thx all.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
Finally I made it almost through all posts....yikes...

I had one of the very first versions running on a demo and also encountered a huge DD, but it always closed eventually with a small profit.

But the reason I am writing:

Why not using a script which you just pull onto the chart to close all open trades when they have a profit ( I mean especially when you have a gazillion trades open already ) ?

This way you get rid of the bunch of trades, get a profit and can start fresh....

Just a thought...

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
well... because that just makes too much sense, way to easy and doesn't beg the coders to keep going for the perfect ea

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
I, and I think probably several others, use a EA that will close all trades in case of emergencies or it could be used as you suggest as well. However, the EA will close all the trades when equity reaches Equity Profit Target. Equity Profit Target is determined by ProfitPercent (PP), a external input item that the user sets as desired. Most of us set that at .5% and I don't think anyone sets it higher than 1%. That variable can be changed at any time while the EA is running. So, if you have it set at .5 and you have a lot of trades accumulated and want to take less profit to get a basket closed quicker, just reset PP to .1, or if you are willing to accept a small loss to get the basket closed, set it to -.5.

The point is, you don't have to use a Close-All EA to do what you suggest. It can be done using the settings that are already in these EAs. However, if it makes you feel any better, here is a Close-All EA. I keep this EA on all my platforms just in case something goes wrong and I need to get all trades closed quickly.

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
Ooops, forgot to upload the EA.

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
Joe, I hope you read my answer to 4xlady. Does that mean these are perfect EAs? Probably not, but they are close, thanks to MetaCoder.

BTW, I also remember when the Dead Sea was just sick.

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
Hi,

Is there any way that the close all function contained within the EA itself can be made to work quicker. It is not unusual to take over 30 seconds to close baskets of upto 20 trades so that we are largely guessing at the PP result.

Sure, sometimes we get more than we bargained for - but more often it's less.

I'm not winging - but it would be an improvement.

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
MC will have to address that issue. I believe it can be done, but I'm not a programmer, so I could not do it.

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
Just run one of the mt4 tick sender apps, it will speed up closeall functions.

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
Sorry, you have lost me.

What? Where? How?

I'd appreciate some guidance

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
No.  The close-all EA I use closes one trade per second.

Last I checked, the broker's servers do not respond to trading actions that are programatically requested more than once per second.

30 seconds to close 20 trades with an MT4 broker is about the best you're going to see.

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
make it close per tick instead of per second, will go faster especially if using a tick sender app (or on a high tickrate chart like GJ)

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
tazmaan, that is not consistent with my experience.  Brokers that filter their feeds sometimes give out very infrequent ticks on all charts.

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
mt4 runs on ticks not on seconds I believe.  an action can't be done on mt4 without a tick to trigger it I was always told.  Not true?

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
Not true, the init function can be programmed to have a loop that calls the start function at specified intervals. This has a set of side-effects that are not always desirable for regular EAs, but for a close-all EA, it can be most desirable. It requires a degree of sophistication by the user, such as being sure to only run the loop-driven EA as long as needed, then remove it from the chart or close the chart it's attached to.

All further support/answers given...........elsewhere.

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
So high and mighty lol

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
I have been experimenting Basket trading and managed to take a preset percentage of the equity. The total basket will be closed once the preset percentage has been reached.See attached.

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
lol!

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
Hi, all. First, I am newbie as a trader, but I like programming in C and  C++, so I find easy to code on MQL, and I am learning by now. I am  sorry if my english is not good enough, but I am spanish.

Well, I like the Phantom trading idea, as well as Basket trading. The  problem to me is that we can't backtest it's results and tune up the  system before forward testing it. And I am sure you see as a valuable  tool if you can backtest it.

First, I did try to traslate the EAs coded for MT4, for running into  MT5, but it was a hard an non profitable job, because some functions  doesn't traslate directly and others simply are removed. As you know,  MT5 allows backtest multicurrency EAs, but its Order management is not  as I like (it allows only trade following FIFO management, and not in  visual mode).

Then, I have a good idea: why not backtest on MT4, but reading the rates  of the other currrencies from a file? I am coding an EA that reads the  historical data from a pair and writes three data for every tick:  DateTime, Bid and Ask. Unfortunately, this EA can only work on MT5,  because it's the only one platform that downloads historical data on  every tick and with different Bid and Ask data. The EA can be launched  on backtest, so writing all the historical data from each pair doesn't  spends more than a few minutes.

This is just the first stage. From here, I have two options:

a) Re-code the main EA (Phantom EA, by instance), in the way that every  call to the function MarketInfo(...), changing as another function that  reads the file wrote previously.

b) The more elegant. Create an indicator the reads the files and serves  the data to the main EA. We can, too, show the data in a beautiful way,  as bars or candles.

What do you think about it? Some better ideas? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
Hi - I think this is a great EA which I've now been using for about 8 months. 4 months on a Live account and it's returned 35% in that time. Thanks!

I do have a question regarding altering the code to suit  a spreadbetting account. Being a UK citizen, I can avoid having to pay any tax on gains by spread betting instead of actual trading. Trading is conducted in the same way.

The way this works is that the symbols are different which is easy to change. However, I am not sure about how to change Lot sizes as everything is shifted by a factor of 10. You see, in order to put in an order for the equivalent of 1 Lot, one must put in a bid of 10 pounds per point - ie Metatrader must make an order for 10 Lots. Hope you understand this! I am also a bit confused by the Leverage returned as this appears to be 10 and I am sure that the account is a 100:1 leverage account.

I'd be quite willing to compensate you for any programming changes required in order to make this work on the spreadbetting account - it's already very good of you to make such a great EA available. Thanks once more.

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
Hello MetaCoder,   Do you by chance have an EA that will buy all 14 pairs or sell all 14 pairs based on a Moving Average Cross on the chart the EA is placed on? No Special features are needed just the usual LOT SIZE, TP & SL. I don't need (or understand) the other stuff like Trimming or Biggest loser ticket or any of that other stuff. Strictly BUYS all 14 Pairs based on the MA CROSS and reverses the direction and CLOSES all the trades and reopens all 14 Pairs as SELLS on the MA CROSS in the other direction. I have tried everything using a standard EA Template that I have to do this, but my coding skills just don't appear to be good enough to understand BASKET TRADING. I really hope you have an EA TEMPLATE that can do that. I looked at your ONEWAY14 hoping I could modify it to do that but it's just too confusing to me.

Steve Souders

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
New Basket EA on its way here...

Another Basket EA thread

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
Great EA. I wonder what happens if you put a ProfitPct 20% or more?

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
The idea behind this EA is quite good I must say...

I am testing it and look promising.

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
i started to read this interesting tread and hope i will understand all and begin to

test some ea in demo account. the way to make small profit  in cycles

fascinates me but it must be some good forword test first to go live also with cent account.

to me the idea can relly work and i prefer 4 months of forword tests rather than

looking for to backtest  this.

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
i will test your EA, thank bro

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
Seems very interesting so far, the first two recommend threads seem none existing though and the site for your trades...But i like strength and basket trading have used it to grow accounts quickly but always got knocked when it was close to news...

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
Good Morning Traders,

Im a rookie trader from South Africa and Ive been experimenting with a basket of EA's in demo account. Please note that I have no formal forex training besides 5 months of Google and Youtube.

The screenshot shows the performance since Monday 02 July 2018. Could someone advise me on what I should look out for as I dont fully understand the report.

Ive just been looking at the relative drawdown and the profit/returns.

Any advice will be highly appreciated.

Regards and I wish you all many green pips!!!

EAziz


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Basket14_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/533742?d=1282841411
Basket14_02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/533743?d=1282841411
Basket14_03.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/534564?d=1282943058
Basket14_04.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/540512?d=1283985230
Basket14_05.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/541171?d=1284065936
Basket14_Add_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/541216?d=1284076214
Oneway14_02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/542648?d=1284393042
Bskt14_2010_01_500-1_0.2MMTU.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/538219?d=1283573708
Bskt14_03_500-1_0.2MMTU.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/538220?d=1283573708
Bskt14_2010_01_500-1_0.2MMTU_ET2.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/538307?d=1283620356
frazerd14_nl_03_500-1_0.2MMTU.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/541123?d=1284055416
Frazerd14_nl_03.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/541149?d=1284060278
Oneway14_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/541916?d=1284234506
Oneway14_02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/541917?d=1284234506
Bskt14_01_500-1_0.2MMTU_ET2.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/541898?d=1284226957
Bskt14_01_500-1_0.2MMTU_ET3.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/541899?d=1284226957
Bskt14_03_500-1_0.2MMTU.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/541900?d=1284226977
frazerd14_03R_12-04-09.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/542136?d=1284326318
Bskt14_Add_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/542538?d=1284384940
BasketBuy.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/543196?d=1284469373
BasketSell.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/543197?d=1284469373
BasketBossMACD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/543198?d=1284469393
T101_BuysVsSells_060210.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/543414?d=1284483080
Oneway14_02_100-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/543570?d=1284512870
Bskt14_Add_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/543683?d=1284524523
Multipair Linear Regression.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/543690?d=1284526394
Oneway14_03.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/544057?d=1284566680
Basket14_03a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/544099?d=1284569923
Basket14_Add_02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/544193?d=1284587775
RVI_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/544236?d=1284597236
W_RVIM.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/544345?d=1284614873
Basket14_Add_03.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/544868?d=1284673905
Basket14_Add_04.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/544869?d=1284673905
Multipair Std Dev.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/544938?d=1284689912
Basket14_Add_02a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/545484?d=1284757636
Multipair Std Dev from Lin Reg.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/545594?d=1284791292
Basket14_03-Skoda_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/545595?d=1284791292
Basket14_03-Skoda_02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/545596?d=1284791308
Bskt14_01_500-1_0.2MMTU_ET2.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/545808?d=1284866440
Bskt14_01_500-1_0.2MMTU_ET3.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/545809?d=1284866440
Bskt14_Add_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/545810?d=1284866519
basket eas forward tests.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/546017?d=1284927143
B1401ET2.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/546039?d=1284932878
Multipair Std Dev from Lin Reg.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/546257?d=1284975240
Basket14_03-Skoda_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/546258?d=1284975240
Basket14_03-Skoda_02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/546259?d=1284975275
Statement3.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/546552?d=1285002142
DetailedStatement2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/546554?d=1285002220
Basket14_Add_02aa.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/547445?d=1285105316
Basket14_Add_02c.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/547458?d=1285107024
Statement.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/547475?d=1285109636
Bskt14_Add_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/547469?d=1285109007
Statement.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/547482?d=1285110397
DetailedStatement.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/547565?d=1285118874
Statement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/548095?d=1285169660
DetailedStatement.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/548187?d=1285177258
Bskt14_Add_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/548262?d=1285185958
Phantom14_Add_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/548360?d=1285199675
DetailedStatement.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/548353?d=1285198356
Phantom14_Add_02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/548996?d=1285277104
Bskt14_Add_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/548842?d=1285262424
Phantom14_Add_01a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549052?d=1285284063
Phantom14_Add_01a-the-game.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549122?d=1285295947
Multipair Std Dev from Lin Reg2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549313?d=1285319188
Phantom14_Add_01a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549553?d=1285341553
Phantom14_Add_02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549554?d=1285341553
Phantom14_Add_01a-the-game.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549557?d=1285341799
confirm14_03 and basket14_03-skoda_02.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549652?d=1285350045
Not Closed.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549663?d=1285350949
Bskt14_01_500-1_0.2MMTU_ET2.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549977?d=1285467494
Bskt14_01_500-1_0.2MMTU_ET3.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549978?d=1285467494
Bskt14_03a_500-1_0.2MMTU.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549979?d=1285467977
Bskt14_Add_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/549980?d=1285468430
Bskt14_Add_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/550586?d=1285593843
Basket14_Add_02aa 02c.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/550649?d=1285598429
Bskt14_Add_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/551410?d=1285680875
Phantom_AddSix_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/551619?d=1285696979
Phantom_AddSix_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/552144?d=1285767272
Bskt14_Add_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/552184?d=1285769728
Phantom_AddSix_01_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/552200?d=1285770898
phantom14_addsix_01 picture.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/552213?d=1285772109
Phantom14_AddSix_01 30092010 Statement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/552698?d=1285832858
Bskt14_Add_04_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/553091?d=1285860992
Bskt14_Add_01a_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/553244?d=1285873847
Phantom14_Add_02.taz.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/553320?d=1285882353
Phantom14_Add_02.taz.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/553511?d=1285903292
Phtm14_Add_02_taz_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/555137?d=1286211879
Phantom_AddSix_02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/555244?d=1286225490
Phtm14_Add_02_taz_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/555931?d=1286298016
Phantom14_Add_03_taz.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/555975?d=1286302723
Phantom14_Add_03_taz_ExternAddInterval_ExternAllInProfit.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/556002?d=1286306443
Ph14_AddMore_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/556008?d=1286307416
Ph14_AddMore_01a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/556039?d=1286310751
Phantom_AddSix_02.taz.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/556119?d=1286324585
Phantom14_Add_02.taz.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/556131?d=1286325404
Phantom14_Add_02.taz.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/557135?d=1286448820
Phantom14_Add_02.taz.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/557136?d=1286448833
Phantom14_Add_02.taz okt.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/557144?d=1286449050
PH14_AddMore_01 okt.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/557155?d=1286449820
Ph14_AddMore_01.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/557159?d=1286450005
Ph14_AddMore_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/557160?d=1286450021
Double Test.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/557173?d=1286450694
Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/558166?d=1286568549
First Day 11 10.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/559132?d=1286819284
a little account.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/559407?d=1286861194
NextClose-V15_6.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/559408?d=1286861255
account stardet 11 10.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/559831?d=1286905666
2 EA TEST.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/560146?d=1286950621
Phantom14_Add_02-taz.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/560549?d=1286991947
Phantom14_Add_02.taz.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/560596?d=1286997155
Handel mit 3EA.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/560845?d=1287036447
test seit 08 10.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/560989?d=1287053048
Phantom14_Add_02.taz TP5.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/561990?d=1287163870
Phantom14_Add_02-taz.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/562377?d=1287281326
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/562380?d=1287281798
For MetaCoder 2 account.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/562432?d=1287306476
Phantom14_Add_02-taz_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/562751?d=1287369879
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/563093?d=1287410480
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/563782?d=1287494830
Phantom14_Add_02-taz_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/563800?d=1287495998
Titouh_Report_Phtm_AddSix_02.taz.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/564053?d=1287517881
spread.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/564050?d=1287517691
PH14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01 Start 11 10 2010.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/564277?d=1287554923
Phantom14_Add_02-taz_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/564530?d=1287580475
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/564745?d=1287595878
Ph14_WrongwayGravy_taz_01 3EA.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/564800?d=1287600961
phantom14_add_02.taz tp10 picture.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/564806?d=1287601833
Phantom_AddSix_02 3 EA.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/564816?d=1287603053
Phantom14_Add_02-taz_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/565433?d=1287668820
Phantom_AddSix_03.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/565701?d=1287695180
Phantom_AddSix_03a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/565710?d=1287696068
Phantom_AddSix_03b.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/565720?d=1287697027
Phantom14_Add_02-taz_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/566159?d=1287756134
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/566166?d=1287756895
Phantom14_Add_02_taz TP10.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/566307?d=1287772694
tadawul account demo.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/567310?d=1288025083
phantom14_addsix_02 mixed with ea wrongwaygravy.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/567746?d=1288082006
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/568012?d=1288104730
TD_Phantom_AddSix_03b_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/568109?d=1288113476
Phantom_AddSix_02a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/568114?d=1288114366
combine ea first demo.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/568506?d=1288163858
combine ea second demo.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/568520?d=1288164891
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/568789?d=1288189391
TD_Phantom_AddSix_03b_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/568803?d=1288190162
Phantom_AddSix_03b.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/568886?d=1288199388
CloseTrades_After_Account_Loss_TooMuch.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/569518?d=1288273218
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/569554?d=1288276112
TD_Phantom_AddSix_03b_500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/569557?d=1288276234
Phantom_AddSix_03 allone original MC.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/569638?d=1288280700
Phantom_AddSix_03b original.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/570112?d=1288334205
phantom_addsix_03 and 02 doubleaccount nr 220033.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/570490?d=1288373656
ph14_wrongway and phantom_addsix_02 double accoount 219713.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/570509?d=1288374800
phantom14_addsix_02 mixed with 4 ea crazy nr 219811.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/570523?d=1288376674
tadawul demo combine ea account 999424243.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/570539?d=1288378531
phantom_addsix_03b account 218380 s.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/570548?d=1288380467
unbelievable.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/571546?d=1288621769
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/571765?d=1288643040
Phantom_AddSix_03b.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/572065?d=1288677006
Phantom_AddSix_03b.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/572198?d=1288694284
TCFX-AddSix_03b_100-1_MMTU-0.6_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/572405?d=1288710468
TD_AddSix_03b_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.25.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/572406?d=1288710468
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/572407?d=1288710768
proftpc test double.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/572574?d=1288731450
phantom_addsix_03b with wrongway combin.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/572583?d=1288733084
3 ea account 03b 02 wg.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/572913?d=1288779532
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573342?d=1288813896
Phantom_AddSix_03.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573351?d=1288814477
Phantom_AddSix_03b.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573356?d=1288814944
TD_AddSix_03b_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.25.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573358?d=1288815043
TCFX-AddSix_03b_100-1_MMTU-0.6_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573394?d=1288820180
TCFX-AddSix_03b_100-1_MMTU-0.6_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573529?d=1288840014
AddSix EAs Explained.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573836?d=1288876355
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573891?d=1288882145
TD_AddSix_03b_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.25.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573893?d=1288882306
TCFX-AddSix_03b_100-1_MMTU-0.6_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573894?d=1288882306
Phantom_AddSix_03.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/573980?d=1288889972
Phantom_AddSix_03 nov.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574088?d=1288902513
Phantom_AddSix_03b.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574183?d=1288915786
Phantom_AddSix_01a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574187?d=1288916095
Phantom_AddSix_02_phantom.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574289?d=1288937987
wrong-MM 5.0 PP0.4 start 5000.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574434?d=1288955082
Phantom_AddSix_03  MM 5.0 PP0.4.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574437?d=1288955134
Phantom_AddSix_03b MM 5.0 PP 0.4 ac8000usd.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574440?d=1288955195
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574644?d=1288970262
TD_AddSix_03b_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.25.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574647?d=1288970597
TCFX-AddSix_03b_100-1_MMTU-0.6_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574648?d=1288970597
phantom_addsix_02_phantom i am not understand.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/574775?d=1288989536
Phantom_AddSix_01x.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/575085?d=1289099670
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/575801?d=1289232052
TD_AddSix_03b_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.25.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/575805?d=1289232399
123.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/576068?d=1289274861
IBFX 50-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/576088?d=1289278456
Phantom_AddSix_01x.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/576090?d=1289278591
Phantom_AddSix_02x.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/576398?d=1289312908
Phantom_AddSix_03 the best.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/577025?d=1289376107
Phantom_AddSix_03 the best nr 224207.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/577027?d=1289376138
Phantom_AddSix_01x.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/577561?d=1289424732
Phantom_AddSix_02x.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/577562?d=1289424732
Phantom_AddSix_03x.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/577563?d=1289424776
Phantom_AddSix_03ax.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/577564?d=1289424776
Phantom_AddSix_03bx.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/577565?d=1289424812
Phantom_AddSix_02ax.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/577566?d=1289424991
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/577569?d=1289425372
TD_AddSix_03b_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.25.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/577577?d=1289426299
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/578272?d=1289502813
TD_AddSix_03b_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/578303?d=1289504931
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/579078?d=1289578743
TD_AddSix_03b_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/579083?d=1289579469
Phantom_AddSix_01xr.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/580694?d=1289867069
Phantom3_01x.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/580148?d=1289811970
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/581078?d=1289917906
TD_AddSix_03b_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/581102?d=1289919606
warning Phantom _AddSix_01a.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/581252?d=1289932216
phantom_addsix_02 MM 03.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/581268?d=1289933403
double 8600.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/581298?d=1289935471
Basket Trade Manager.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/581700?d=1289986052
Phantom3_suv.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/581737?d=1289990554
Phantom3.30_suv.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582581?d=1290078212
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582804?d=1290096266
TD_AddSix_03bx_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582807?d=1290096424
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582932?d=1290107603
phantom_addsix_02 mm 0.3 pp 1.0 account.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582992?d=1290115173
phantom_addsix_02 setup mm 01 pp 025 and 03 pp05 double.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582994?d=1290115217
phantom_addsix_03 mm0.2 pp 0.25 addsix _02 mm 0.1 pp 0.5 double.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582996?d=1290115268
phantom_addsix_02 mm 0.3 pp 1.0 account.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582999?d=1290115425
phantom_addsix_03b 0.01pp0.035 addsix_02 phantom mm 0.01 pp0.025 double.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/583001?d=1290115465
phantom_addsix_03b mm 0.01 pp 0.035 account.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/583003?d=1290115516
Phantom3.60_suv.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/583364?d=1290164950
Phantom3.30_01x.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/583366?d=1290164969
Phantom_AddSix_01x_mq5.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/583985?d=1290299155
Phantom_AddSix_0.1.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/591258?d=1291300315
TD_AddSix_03bx_500-1_MMTU-0.2_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/591296?d=1291303423
CloseAll.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/616700?d=1294952625
d-CloseByTotalsPercents~.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/645113?d=1298281175
