===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Bionic Chart - The easiest forex navigation

Number of downloads of the Bionic candle since 2019: 39,567

Attached Image
Hello dear subscribers, dear beginners and traders,

A candle is made out of price and time. Time is a fixed factor while the price is variable, which is why a candle is always created randomly. This means that there are no clear pattern sequences within the candles, so that the candle formations are only created by chance. A trader should always base his trading approach on high probabilities and not coincidences. The big players are the only traders who move big markets. They work with algorithms that make it easier for them to control individual market and limit orders. These algorithms are very complex to program because they have to ensure communication between the individual order types. There are algorithms that search the market for certain abnormalities, e.g. hidden stops, and there are algorithms that trigger certain trading strategies. In the event of a breakout, market orders are shot into the market and at the same time the limit orders that would hold up the own market orders are withdrawn. In order not to have to program new algorithms every day, the internal processes within the algorithms remain. For this, the big players in the market create invisible price zones that are simply shifted depending on the situation. This means that the algorithms are only shifted to a different price level and can continue to follow their programming. The Bionic Candle was developed precisely for this and indirectly follows this institutional trading approach. This makes it easier to identify these invisible price zones of the big players and to determine possible trend reversals with a higher probability. The Bionic Candle shows the candle strength more precisely than the candle charts and unclear prices are better represented. This also saves a considerable amount of time. By making the invisible price zones visible, clear entry and exit points can now be fixed in the chart beforehand. These invisible price zones can be reduced significantly in the tick chart, thereby reducing your stop loss, increasing the CRV and reducing your risk at the same time. You can also do without many indicators, as they only follow the price chart and are therefore slower. This means that you are distracted even less and the screen is not unnecessarily cluttered. Those who identify the invisible price zones of the big players have a clear trading advantage over most market participants. That alone is a good reason to take a closer look at the Bionic Candle. Here you will find 7 videos where the advantages of the Bionic Candle are discussed in practice within 1 hour. You can then decide whether the Bionic Candle will also benefit you.

Invitation to a large project at Forex Factory

When I started trading in 2009, as a beginner, I dreamed of an indicator that showed me exactly when a price was going up or down. I developed such an indicator 2.5 years ago, made it available for free on my blog, and this indicator was downloaded several thousand times. From my point of view, most traders do not know what opportunities this indicator contains and that is completely understandable because if you do not know the advantages exactly, such an indicator is worthless. When I developed this indicator, I didn't know what the potential was. In the last 30 months I have worked very intensively with some friends and I am ready to share my findings with you. So that you get an idea of what exactly this is about, first watch the two following videos. With a little effort, I translated my spoken text in English so that it would be understandable for most traders. I apologize for any mistakes. Those of you who speak German should watch the following videos on my YouTube channel: “Gibt es Muster in den Kerzen” and “Live Trading, 2 Trades in 3 Minuten” Here is the link to my channel

YouTube Channel Bionics Forex Algorithmen

Inserted Video

How is the further process?

First of all, I have produced some videos where you can get the most important information. The videos are in English, but you can display subtitles in your language. Click on "YouTube" in the lower right corner of the video and you will come to one of my YouTube channels and can fade in the subtitles. Take your time and watch the videos in peace first. They are coordinated and arranged chronologically. When you have seen the videos, please read through the text that can be found under the videos. There you will find everything you need to know about our project. At the very end you can download the Bionic Candle indicator for free. Look every now and then on the first page, because I will publish the most important information there. Now, we wish you a lot of fun and we look forward to your collaboration, in a large team. Greetings Michael

Let's start with the videos first.

Inserted Video
Inserted Video
Inserted Video
Inserted Video
Inserted Video
Inserted Video
Inserted Video
Inserted Video

Since this thread is in English, I have my 8 introductory videos spoken in English on the first page of this thread. I know that there are errors in the YouTube translation in your local language. I have now summarized the text of the 8 videos on 17 pages especially for you and saved it as a PDF. The text is in German, but it might be easier for you to translate this text into your national language. I hope that helps you.

Attached File(s)   Video 1-8.pdf

503 KB
|
3,176 downloads
|
Uploaded Dec 6, 2021 3:53pm

The fastest indicator is a price chart, which is exactly why I developed the Bionic Candle. In the last 30 months I have spent around 5,000 hours to get to know this price chart even better. The results were incredible, which I couldn't believe at first. I'm happy to share these with you, but I'm not doing it for free. First of all, I don't want any money from you, because I've been making my living trading for many years and that won't change in the future either. In return, I would like your time. In what form and why I would like to explain to you. In the last few years I have discovered many advantages of the Bionic Candle, but far from all. I would like to change that now, in the interests of those who take part in this project. The sentence: "Achieving more together", sums it up nicely. Forex Factory has close to 1 million members. If only 0.5% of them join our joint project in the long term and work 2 hours a day with this price chart, we will achieve in one week what it has now taken me 2.5 years to do. That means that together we can achieve in one year what it would take me 50 years to do alone.

What benefits can you get from it?

If you have taken a close look at my two videos, in the future you will know more precisely where a course will turn and how far it will run exactly. With this you can not only improve your probability of winning, but also your win rate significantly. Even before you enter a trade, you know whether it is worth it because you can see exactly how far the trade could go. If you are not yet profitable, you can use it to break even and reduce potential losses. In order to dispel any doubts from the outset, I would first like to ask some critical questions and answer them at the same time.

Who am I?

My name is Michael, I come from the financial services, have been trading on the stock exchange for over 11 years and I belong to the 2% of professional Forex traders, who are allowed to trade within the ESMA regulations in Europe, with a leverage of up to 1: 500. In the last 8 years I have strategically developed from day trader to short time trader, while my cumulative screen time has already reached 40,000 hours. Since my strengths lie in the area of creativity, in recent years I have developed many things with the future stock market data that give me a deeper market insight today.

Why was this project started?

Ever since I started trading, I knew that only the big players can move the biggest markets. That's why these big players are a crucial aspect that influences my trading on a daily basis. The biggest big players don't have to work together because they use similar approaches and therefore see exactly what their competitors are doing. In their own market they are more likely to fight against the institutional and retail traders, which are proven to lose the most money. We retailers are the largest, in terms of the number of traders, but we also suffer the highest losses. To take advantage of our best opportunities, we must first understand how the big players differ from the retail traders. The big players have to be seen as a kind of army that operate according to clearly defined strategies, while the retailer is left to himself and pursues his own strategies. The biggest big players in the world work with a very professional team consisting of analysts, programmers and traders, while the retail trader has to do everything on his own. From my point of view, there are two clear advantages on our part. We can get in and out at any time and do not have to build and defend positions for hours or days. Another advantage is that we can react very quickly in order to quickly buy positions or to exit positions. Our decisive disadvantage: Many good retailers are not yet networked enough to exchange crucial knowledge. If we approach this point wisely and strategically, our current weakest market position will improve.

Bionics, you are not offering your knowledge for free, is there an ulterior motive?

Of course there is an ulterior motive, namely the further development of a very good idea. First of all, I have written over 600,000 words on my blog in the last 4 years and made creative innovations and approaches available for free. I made my Bionic Candle and many other indicators available to many traders without any counter-service , although many advised me not to. I don't sell indicators, EA's or seminars. That won't change in the future either, as I am a trader through and through. Everyone is selfish to a certain extent, it's no different with me. To be honest, I started my blog to speed up my personal knowledge acquisition. First and foremost, this is only possible by dealing very intensively with individual topics and then conveying these findings to other people in a graphic way. Of course, I don't sell any products or offer pointless trading courses, but I can develop myself three times as quickly thanks to the content I have provided. The videos and articles that I produce give me an incredible number of new ideas that inspire my creativity. Questions keep coming up that I have never asked myself before. To answer these questions, I have to dig deeper and deeper into the “eye of the tornado”. It's a kind of turbo for my own development process. Quit pro quo, or in my words: one hand washes the other.

What motivates you?

Through my very elaborate research, in dealing with the algorithms in practice, I discover new manipulations every day with which the big players regularly deceive us. And that is exactly what motivates me to take part in the market every day. I'm less interested in money and fame. The big players are Real Madrid and I am happy when, as a small footballer, I can score a goal regularly. The fact that so many traders lose in the forex market is not only due to the fact that many of them are newcomers or not very professional retail traders. The main reason for this lies in the fact that there are much more professional and financially strong big players in the forex market than in the future market. From the point of view of probability, the futures market is the simpler market, but one should generally stay away from trading, without a decisive market advantage.

Is the Bionic Candle worth the effort?

Yes, because the advantages that this new type of price chart offers are definitely worth it. I will provide you with more specific information about this. We only work with the Bionic candle without any further indicators. This is simple and efficient and can easily be combined with your setup. But not every trader will work with it, that's perfectly fine, because we only want to work with traders who really want to.

If everyone were to work with such a system, the market would soon be over.

First of all, the Bionic Candle is not a holy grail, as it allows a lot of leeway for your own interpretations. That alone prevents the same approach. In addition, not every member of FF will participate in it. Even if 1% of all FF members achieve more success with the Bionic Candle, this would not be noticed in the market, since everyone trades in different assets. The Bionic Candle will therefore never affect the stock market, but it will affect the probability of some retailers winning.

Even those who do not participate in the project benefit from it.

In theory this is true, but unfortunately not in practice. When working with the Bionic Candle, experience in dealing with this price chart is crucial. This takes a lot of time to effectively exploit the many advantages. It looks simple and easy, but it takes some getting used to. Our brain processes information that passes through several sensory channels much better. Depending on the method, only a small part of the information is retained in the brain. By reading: 10 percent, by hearing: 20 percent, by seeing: 30 percent, by hearing and seeing: 50 percent, by explaining independently: 70 percent and by doing yourself: 90 percent. Your own practice in dealing with the Bionic Candle is the fastest way to efficiently absorb and retain knowledge. Therefore it only benefits those who deal with it on a daily basis. You can't fly a plane just because you're watching a video.

Bionics just wants to become number 1 in Forex Factory.

That's exactly what I don't want. I admire Davit, Ata-Turkoglu and hanover how much time they spend or have spent on their valuable threads every day. I don't have the time to do this, as I am pursuing a number of projects in algorithm profiling. Incidentally, I prefer 10 subscribers who work intensively with us than 100 passive members who wait for something to happen. In addition, it is not about me, but about future, shared findings of the Bionic Candle, from which everyone who participates can benefit.

If I take part, do I have to change my entire setup?

The Bionic candle is only part of the whole, you can continue to work with your strategy, it is just an addition. Of course, you can also just work only with the Bionic Candle, it is basically just a clever candle that takes into account the new spirit of the time.

Can one lose with the Bionic candle?

Of course, and that's also important to learn from. Most traders have trouble accepting losses, so the stop is pulled or profits are taken too early. From my experience: If one are wrong you will be stopped out and look for a new possibility. Personally, I find losses more helpful than profits, because hardly any trader researches why he won afterwards. Losses, on the other hand, help you further when you find out where the error was.

Can anyone take part in this project?

Yes and no. I have been running my blog: "Equilibrium, the key to success", for 4 years and have a very polite and constructive exchange with great subscribers, of whom I am very proud. That won't change in my new thread either. I say yes to all participants who participate constructively here and treat their colleagues fairly. I say no to anyone who tries to disturb or hinder this community.

How are the rules of the game

This blog is all about the Bionic Candle, the asset is irrelevant. My friend and I only work in EURUSD, but all currencies, indices or raw materials and metals are welcome. What we do not accept are other indicators, advertising for your own blog or things that ignore the actual topic. It is not about the significance of the Bionic Candle, but about the advantages that result for you. We also don't want to have unnecessary discussions based on sheer vanity. My friend and I have many years of extensive experience in the forex and future market, with stock market data and algorithms. This can potentially help us in many areas.

Principles

This project was not started to teach traders to trade or to motivate them to trade ill-considered, but solely to realize a mutually beneficial exchange. Exchanges have existed for over 600 years and during this time no trader has succeeded in developing a reproducible concept in order to achieve constant profits. I do not want to suggest that I can change these facts through the way I trade, nor do I suggest that my view of the markets is correct. Every trader has his own opinion, which I absolutely accept and respect. Incidentally, I expect the same from others. So my future statements here are only my personal opinion. I always accept discussions about further development, I categorically reject discussions on the basis of vanity. The information I publish is based solely on my personal opinion or experience and I make no claim that I am right.

Prospect of the future

Sometimes things change just by a word or phrase pronounced by two different people. At this moment, when you have a new idea, you can only be happy to work as a small trader. Because as an employee of the big players, your idea must first be checked and through several instances. I believe that the greatest inventions in the world would never have come about if they had been chased through many instances. As a retailer, you can implement your ideas directly. The big players do not have this speed and flexibility. This is another advantage for us retailers. It is not the big ones who eat the little ones, but the fast ones the slow ones. I am convinced, that the Bionic Candle can bring you faster to the breakeven point. Whoever manages this is one of the 10% of the best traders in the world, although it still doesn't make a profit, but also doesn't make any losses.

Side aspects

The Bionic Candle was developed to better understand the approach of the big players. All insiders who worked for the big players have a confidentiality clause in their contract. A violation of this could result in substantial claims for damages. That is why there is hardly anyone who explains the real practice of the big players. With the right technology and equipment, however, you can anticipate your next steps. The Bionic candle helps here because it takes the individual scenarios into account. In order to follow the big players, you have to be in markets where the biggest players are active. The greater the liquidity in a market, the better information the Bionic candle provides.

Another advantage ...

With the Bionic candle, as a scalper, I find an opportunity to get started on average every 2 minutes. That is an advantage along with many that we will talk about. There is no right or wrong on the stock market, only "too early" or "too late". The Bionic candle could be exactly the middle ground.

What's next?

The purpose of this first post is to give you a clear overview of what to expect and what we expect. First of all, you should consider if this thread meets your expectations and if you are ready to get involved. We don't want to entertain you here, we want to work with you. We are not looking for consumers, but creative producers. If you accept these terms and conditions, we are in the game.

In the videos available you will find all the information that I have collected over the past few years. Start by getting to know the Bionic Candle better. In daily work, you may notice things that I have not yet seen myself. We will collect these here in order to create a clear concept. In this thread, too, we want to use videos and pictures more intensively, because a moving picture says more than 10,000 words.

How do you become successful with the Bionic candle?

There are a lot of hurdles to overcome at first, as some of you may not have worked with the MT4 before. There are numerous videos on YouTube on the subject that will help you with the setup.

First of all, it is important to watch the eight videos about the Bionic candle. Many members even think that these videos should be watched a few times. For some it was also helpful to reproduce the zones I created in the video in their own chart. But there is a small problem here, because every broker has partly different prices and this of course also changes the representation of the bionic candle. But that's not a problem, you can still find the key candle.

The Bionic candle was primarily developed for the EURUSD, where it works best. Of course, you can also use them in the major currency pairs, it is important that there is high liquidity. The higher the liquidity in a market, the better information the Bionic candle provides. Of course it also works in the DAX or S&P, but I recommend you to start with EURUSD.

In addition to the bionic candle, you will find other auxiliary indicators and corresponding templates on the first page. These many auxiliary indicators could confuse you at first rather than help you. Therefore my recommendation, start with the bionic candle. Once you have these installed on your chart, start in H1 or M15. Now go far back in time, begin to identify the key candles and then draw the corresponding zones with two lines each. When you're done, scroll into the future and see if your assumption was correct. If you're wrong, draw a zone in the last low or high and go back in time. Then you can find the key candle and learn where your mistake was. At the beginning I would only analyze the larger trend reversals. You can often find interesting key candles after a major equilibrium. Another little tip, if you work with colored zones, it is best to use a dark blue color, as this is the least distracting.

Begin to analyze the candle strength, from which future price changes can often be determined. You can find this information in my videos.

Please keep in mind that the Bionic Candle is not a moving average that tells you exactly when to trade. Nevertheless, the Bionic candle is a good tool to improve the future probability of winning. But you have to train and stay on the ball for that. In principle, it's like playing tennis, it's not just about making a few serves, you have to be on the court regularly. Now I wish you a lot of fun training and don't let it get you down.

Perhaps this thread is the beginning of something very valuable. We look forward to you.

Kind regards Michael

Here is the current version 6.1 with all templates and additional indicators

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The bionic indicator is regularly revised and adapted. As soon as there is a new version, the old one is completely deleted. This also deletes the number of downloads displayed.

Number of downloads of the Bionic candle since October 2021: 19280

Attached File(s)   Bionic Candle 6.3 Bionic Histogram 6.3.zip

36 KB
|
3,176 downloads
|
Uploaded May 23, 2022 8:12pm
Attached File(s)   Bionic Templates & Indikatoren.zip

633 KB
|
3,192 downloads
|
Uploaded May 23, 2022 8:12pm

You can find more information about the individual indicators here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13830123

This indicator was developed and programmed by me and is my personal property. It can be used unlimitedly and free of charge by every trader. And it should stay that way in the future, because I don't want to earn any money from it. If someone comes up with the idea to sell or market this indicator, we will prosecute them.

Template for the Bionic Candle

Best start with the Bionic Candle

Of course, as a seconds scalper, I act in a very short time frame, but the larger time frames are also important to me. I would like to give you an example of this. If you drive a vehicle very fast at night and only have the low beam on, you will not see a dangerous curve until later than if you switched on the high beam. The big players are not on the move in short timeframes, as they sometimes carry out their collection campaigns over many hours. Imagine that you already know roughly how the courses will go on a day. Then you can act much better in a short time frame because you see the big picture. The Bionic Candle was created precisely because we can reduce the invisible price zones from the larger time units to a smaller time frame. A larger unit of time shows more and more accurate data as it eliminates the noise of the market. You should always use this advantage. We will talk in great detail about how these zones are made smaller and how to work successfully even on a tickchart. Since an H1 or M15 always provides more precise information than an M1, the easiest way to get to know the advantages of the Bionic Candle is in a higher time unit. The smaller the time unit, the more difficult it is to make concrete statements. No matter what you learn, you always start with the simplest things in order to understand a thing. Then the level of difficulty can be increased. First use the larger time frame e.g. M15 to understand the principle. If you are a professional there, you can increase your level of difficulty at any time. In addition, we want to work together here to discover further advantages of the Bionic Candle. For this we need a homogeneous level of knowledge and we have to achieve this together first.

When you have learned to professionally shrink the zones of the bionic candle, you should deal with the tickchart. I wrote two important articles about this, you can find the link here.

Advantages of a tick chart

Bionic candle on the tick chart

Different tick charts with the Bionic candle

Here you can find other important posts that I have published within the thread. These are updated regularly

Why does the Bionic Candle work best in liquid markets?

The optimal communication

Pullback in the Bionic candle

Pull on the same rope together!

Now that we have given you the basics of the Bionic candle, it is now a matter of collecting your first experiences and familiarizing yourself with the new candle. As you already know, I have been working exclusively with EURUSD for over 11 years. So that you can see the opportunities that arise, watch this video first. The pictures and the text are in English, but it is spoken in German. To do this, you can display subtitles in English on YouTube.

Inserted Video

I have developed a table with which you can determine your optimal currency pair. Here is the explanation of how you work with it:

Efficient currency pair

You can download the table here:

Bionic currency calculator

The biggest big players in the world trade daily in EURUSD, which has the greatest liquidity of all assets in the world. A high level of liquidity means less volatility, but it also means greater security, which is ideal for our training. In addition, the Bionic Candle works best in liquid sideways markets. I talked about this in my videos on the home page of this thread.

Inserted Video

For the reasons mentioned above, I would like to mainly focus on the EURUSD in this thread. Of course you can also post other assets, but I cannot give you any concrete support because I am not focused on other assets. When most of us work with the EURUSD, there are interesting synergies. We have daily, different information about the current course in EURUSD and at the same time we can see whether our drawn zones are right or wrong. It will also be interesting that we regularly keep an eye on all time units, since each of you acts in different time units. As a result, the learning effect is greatest when most of us concentrate on one thing. Of course, the Bionic Candle works in all assets, but we should start with the simplest one. In driving school you don't learn in a sports car either. The Bionic candle is not only able to identify the key zones, but also shows the current strength during the ongoing process.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Try once, from this strength, to make a forecast for the future in the current chart. Even that is not easy at first, but every day you discover new aspects that make trading easier for you.

I am convinced that this joint approach will bring us the greatest success. Here's a little comparison. We take two groups of 25 people, who compete against each other to pull rope. Group A is significantly stronger than group B, but the weaker group B wins. The reason is simply because they bundle their strengths together to the point. And if we can do just that on this thread, the results will surprise us. Kind regards Michael

Disclaimer of liability

This content is not commercial and does not pursue any commercial goals. I do not assume any liability for the correctness, completeness and topicality of the information in my files, which are made available free of charge. The content of my threads is for information only, it does not constitute investment advice or trading advice. Please note that you use the data I have provided free of charge at your own risk.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Hi Michael

I have trialed your Bionic Candles recently over the past few months to see if could obtain information I would find useful for my current trading strategies.

Its certainly powerful and some what intriguing to say the least. Certainly the Bionic Strong Candle indicator makes a good addition to your standard charts, and seems to indicate breakout possibilities away from consolidation areas and of course it can be highlighted by also using your AAA Bionic Power indicator within window 1.

Interesting signal.

I also see other uses for the Bionic candle when I used it with level 2 volume data, but that's still a side project I am working on.

I look forward to seeing what you have planned in this thread, and count me in within your project.

Lastly, I am in total agreement with you trading the Bionic candle only on EURUSD, there is a good reason for that that perhaps other traders may also discover what we both like about trading that pair.

Cheers Rick

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Hi Michael good morning. I have read, indeed listened carefully to your post and I find the idea to be very interesting. You must know that I signed up on FF just to have the possibility of being able to communicate with you, since I haven't found a way to contact you around. Know that I too am not using my native language but a text translator. I am Italian and like you I have been trading for more than 10 years, I have developed my proprietary indicators that maybe one day I will have the pleasure of showing you if it will be to your liking. I am a very creative person, in this we are very similar, and it was this that prompted me to contact you. Like you, I am trying my hand at volume analysis and I believe that this reading model is one of the best ways to read market conditions in the short term and therefore trade in short term scalping. Know that I would be really happy to be able to collaborate on this project if possible, in fact I was wondering where to test your bionic spark plug indicator. Forgive me but I'm new to FF, I also heard you about a blog, is it possible to have the address?

I thank you.

PS my name is "Fabio"

--- 帖子 #4 ---
I can't find the indicator on your blog.

I just get advertising for gambling apps.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Hi rick,

First of all, I am very happy that you are participating in the project, because your knowledge is very valuable for all of us. I am also pleased that you have already gained some experience with the Bionic candle and other indicators. I thought for a long time whether I should actually pass on all of my findings in the field of the bionic candle, because every trader is known to be looking for market advantages that offer a unique selling point. I have come to the conclusion that the previously undiscovered possibilities offer more potential, than That what we have found out to date. I'm also looking forward to this project, firstly because we all benefit from it and secondly because of the great potential. I wish you a great weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Hello cousupp,

First of all, welcome to this blog. The indicator is called BionicChart and you can find it here.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post13289105

But that's still the old version. We have completely revised this indicator and will be making the latest version available here for free next week. I wish you a great weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Thanks a lot, Michael.

Your indicators look quite interesting.

I'll follow the thread.

Wish you a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Thank you very much, we look forward to it. Warm greetings

--- 帖子 #9 ---
I am interested in trying this for 1 minute scalping, thanks for your work!

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Hello venividivici, welcome and thank you for your interest. I am very happy that you are participating here. In this project, in addition to the M1 chart, we are also talking about the 4 and 8 tickchart, because this is, where the Bionic Candle can show its strengths and thus present even more specific information. I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Subscribed!

--- 帖子 #12 ---
I've decided to join this project, thanks.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Subscribed

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Your videos are very informative - Thanks!

Would you say this is only for very tight spreads? Or can this be used on daily charts too?

--- 帖子 #15 ---
count on me please

and thank you for sharing your time and work with us

cheers

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Hello lorecavoli, ifurlan and pakeha, slb

I am glad that you have decided on this project. The preparations for this are already in full swing so that we can start next week at the latest. I am currently producing the introductory video for this, which is a bit more complex. Uniform information and, at the same time, a common focus on the goal are decisive for the overall success of the group. But I am convinced that everyone who actively participates in it will appreciate the potential of this approach relatively quickly. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Hello kofix11,

also a warm welcome to you in this thread. Basically, the Bionic candle works in all markets, different volatility phases and time units. The advantage of the forex over the future market is that the movement of the ticks is 7-10 times higher. This results in finer information within the Bionic Candle. Nevertheless, there are differences between the EURUSD and the Dax or S&P, as the limit orders in the EURUSD are much more dominant. In Forex EURUSD there are approx. 800,000 lots in the limit buy orders and also 800,000 lots in the limit sell orders in normal trading. That is a capital of $ 160 billion. Of course there is also spoofing, but there is no asset where the liquidity is so high. As a result, the volatility in the EURUSD is lower, which has a very positive effect on the Bionic candle. We will talk about this in more detail.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #18 ---
hello bionica my english is bad but go on with your system . your system is  very diferent ,I think is good and easy  .congratulations

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Hello Jacobin, thank you very much. First of all, my English is not perfect either, but alongside Madarin and Spanish, English is one of the most important languages in the world. It is also the official language for civil, worldwide air traffic. It is important that you can exchange ideas with each other and that will work out. Next week, when we go deeper into the Bionic Chart, you will find more entry points, that will allow you to trade more safely in the future. I'm already really looking forward to this project and I am convinced that we will achieve a lot together. Que tengas un buen fin de semana y un cordial saludo Michael

--- 帖子 #20 ---
I was reading some of the posts made on the Equilibrium thread. It gave me some valuable insights from the perspective of an institutional trader.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
No mt5 version?

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Hello ifurlan,

I am very pleased, thank you very much. The thread: Equilibrium, the key to success will deal in the future with the algorithms that the big players use in their trading to match their market orders with the limit orders. It may be a nice addition to the Bionic Chart later on. Many Forex traders do not work with stock market data and therefore do not get that deep market insight. This is exactly why the Bionic candle was developed, which, by the way, is one of the most important points in trade for me too. We do not need any stock market data for this, I will provide specific information on this next week. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Hello Fabio, first of all a warm welcome and many thanks for the kind words. The Bionic Candle project is my top priority, we will talk about this in great detail in the next few days. The Bionic Chart runs on MT4, which is the largest trading platform in the world and can be downloaded anywhere for free. Depending on the broker, this is the access to the largest market in the world, which, by the way, is 20 times as large as the stock or futures market. The forex market and futures market are two completely different markets, which are, however, connected to one another via swaps. I work exclusively in the forex market and only use the stock market data to read out the algorithms of the big players. This thread will not deal with the algorithms, but exclusively with the Bionic Candle. The forex market is much more difficult to trade than the futures market, but it also offers much more security for retail traders, as European brokers exclude the obligation to make additional payments. Usually, many future traders believe that they are superior to forex traders. However, this is a fallacy, because the volume trading that many trading coaches sell for expensive money does not work because bid and ask have nothing to do with each other and never meet in the market. In this market in which we work, there is no volume, only price. And in Forex EURUSD, the price is the guiding wolf, on which the exchanges orient themselves. The Bionic Candle has a number of properties that enable a retail trader to positively influence the probability of a profit even without stock market data. I am very happy that you are part of this blog. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Hi Michael!!! I am following your branch with great interest !!! Bravo!!! I will gladly take part in your project !!!)))

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Hello DerWanderer, first of all we start next week with MQL4, in November I have a little more time, then I'll see if I can do it in MQL5. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Hello Mik-Orlov, I'm very pleased, thank you very much. Incidentally, I find the creativity of the Russian programmers fascinating; you can find excellent analysis tools there, especially in the area of open interest. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Hi Michael, thank you for all the work in the previous thread and the videos you provided...Could not answer there a lot as was only for red flags profiles.Anyway looking forward to the new project!Kind regards, Milos

--- 帖子 #29 ---
A question, is it possible to trade index CFDs, such as the US30 and UK100?

--- 帖子 #30 ---
subscribed, pretty inspiring

--- 帖子 #31 ---
I would recommend applying your price indicator on a larger time frame (1hr and 4hr) I noticed that your indicator has an edge in determining strong trend and fading trend, like I said focus more on larger time frame , I've come to notice time after time how chaotic the 1 minutes and 5 minutes time frame can be ,so understanding the price action using smaller time frame can be Very complicated if not impossible..

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Hello Milos, thank you very much I appreciate that. I am glad that you are there. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Hello ifurlan, in principle, it is possible to call up the Bionic Candle in all ASSETS that your broker makes available to you. You will be able to test for yourself in our project to what extent this is effective and is worthwhile. Myself and my co-moderator only trade in the most liquid currency pair in the world, EURUSD, where we have the most experience. Warm greetings

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Hello cinalex, welcome to our thread and thank you for the friendly praise. There is a great deal of potential in the Bionic Candle; in recent years we have only been able to decipher a small part of it. What we have discovered is worth starting this thread, but we will find out the real impulses in a great collaboration. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Hello ohakaba, first of all I am pleased that you have already gained some experience with the Bionic Candle and that they help you with trend analysis. My friends and I, who have been dealing with the Bionics Candle for several years, are even working with it in a 4 tick chart, which is even more volatile than the M1. I agree with you that a larger time frame allows more precise statements. Fortunately, the advantage of the Bionic Candle is that these zones can be reduced very precisely in smaller time units. We will talk about this in great detail later. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Hi Bionics

Thanks for fascinating thread,when i understand your Bionic Candle a little more i'll give it a go on The Dax which i trade mainly because of it's volatility,you don't have to wait long before you know whether you're right or wrong with your analysis

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Hello watsone, thank you very much and welcome to our place. This is exactly the goal to find out for you in which asset you have the best probability of winning with the Bionic candle. The high volatility in the Dax results from relatively low liquidity on the limit side and increased volume on the market side. You may reach your limits with the Bionic candle, but you can always switch to markets that have a high level of liquidity on the limit side, e.g. EURUSD, USDJPY or GBPUSD. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #38 ---
great work again !

keep it up

cheers !!!!

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Hello ShanA, thank you very much for the kind words. We haven't done much so far, but that will change. I am currently preparing another video and I hope it will go online soon. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #40 ---
A new video will be released tomorrow morning

Hello Bionic Trader,

I finished another video today, which will be online tomorrow morning from 7:00 a.m. There we will talk about some very interesting aspects of the Bionic candle. It will definitely be exciting. I hope you all had a good and successful day. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Hi mates,

Are you promoting your Youtube channel here?

Can you please make some clear posts to explain the things with diagrams and in live running market?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #42 ---
This looks quite unique and interesting. I am an old guy who trades futures and am open to always at least explore new concepts. Look forward to progressing together.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
I'm in!

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Subscribed and looking forward to all aspects of the bionic charts.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Hello Ahmad, first of all, I think your start with a provocative question is a bit unfortunate. Are you sure you really want to work with us? By the way, my YouTube videos have no commercial background, why should one advertise something like this? The bionic candle is not new, by the way, I have already published many things about it, which can be found on my blog. Of course, we will publish further, detailed information here, but one after the other. I clearly described that in my first post, please have a look there again. Thanks very much

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Hello Rgo, thank you very much, we are also looking forward to a constructive cooperation and are convinced that we can achieve a lot together. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Hello Ppin12, welcome, we look forward to it. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Hello dons, thank you very much, the joy is also on our side. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

as promised, I am providing you with another video that I produced yesterday. First of all, it was about the basics in the field of candle strength, next we will talk about the possibilities of how to draw zones in the chart with the help of the Bionic Candle. We will be ready to start by the end of the week.

Inserted Video

PS: You can set subtitles in all languages on YouTube!

I wish you a successful day, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hello Michael,

thanks for starting this thread and sharing your experience with us. I really like your idea. I think this is a smart approach to trade the market. In my opinion this is a modern version of the ancient candle stick trading.

Great job. Count me in (if possible).

Kind regards,

sjust2fast

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hello just2fast, first of all, welcome to our project. Your idea, "modern version of the old candlestick trading" is charming, I have never seen it like that. Unfortunately, the candle formations with doji and hammer didn't help me, so I wanted to design my own candle that gives me more precise data on the current situation. First and foremost, I follow the principles of the big players, who use a completely different approach than we retail traders. The Bionic Candle focuses more on this institutional approach to identify where the retailer's stops are. This enables you to specifically identify the zones up to which a pullback is going. Of course, the Bionic Chart is not a holy grail, but it is an easy way to increase the odds of us retail traders. With the right and crucial  money management, very precise trades can be completed. I wish you a lot of fun here and look forward to your cooperation. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #53 ---
This is interesting to me since algos will be running more and more of the show look forward to learning more since i trade EU only

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hi Bionics

Thankyou for the video,i wonder if you could clarify whether The Bionic Candle should be used on a tick chart or a normal timeframe chart?As far as i can see you're using both

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Hi Michael,

Thank you for sharing your insights. I've been trading the EURUSD since 2002 combining candlestick patterns with support and resistance levels. As I am just retired I have more time now to fine-tune my trading. Hence, I am very interested to participate in your project and share experiences with like-minded.

Kinds

Charly

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Just watched the video. The concept and idea behind the Bionic Candle are neat and logical. Looking forward to combining them with my supply and demand trading strategy.

BTW, you can call me Igor

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Hello ezmonyfx, welcome to us. Indeed, the algorithms will determine the future of trading, which I have been dealing with for many years. We won't talk about that in this thread, however, as it would go beyond the scope of this article. The basis is the Bionic Chart and, in individual cases, the approach of the big players, provided that the Bionic candle supports it. I look forward to your cooperation, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Hello Igor, we are also happy. Warm greetings

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Hello watson, first of all we are working in the 9 time charts provided by MT4. In the course of the project we will also talk in great detail about the tickchart, as it is very demanding. That would still be unproductive at the moment, as we first have to work out the basics of the bionic candle in order to then go into project work. 3 years ago I uploaded a video where I was working with the Bionic Candle on a 5 sec chart. I drew the zones determined in the process more from feeling than through a clear approach. After all, in 10 minutes I managed to draw 7 resistance lines, 6 of which were relevant. That showed me at the time that the Bionic candle has more potential than I initially thought. Here is the video for it.

Inserted Video

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Hello Charly, welcome to us. I think it's great that you act in retirement. First of all, you have a great task and stay fit and modern. One can also trade well into old age. We look forward to your many years of experience. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Hello Michael

Thanks for sharing, I find it very interesting. I stay tuned and subscribed (sorry for my English)

Greetings

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Hi Bionics.

Thank you for your thread.

i have an idea to increase possibilities.

I would like to add new features to your base.

how will we work together?

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Hello sebagrun, a warm welcome to you too. My English is not the best either, but most of trader understand me, except my children (That was only a joke). I am glad that you are there. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Hello P.Action, welcome to our project. I am happy if you already have creative ideas, but please be patient. Please take a look at my article on the first page, there are important points for our mutual cooperation. First of all, this week I will show how the zones are created with the Bionic candle. Then I post the new Bionic Candle with a template that everyone can use to create their own individual zones. We will then collect the experiences that have arisen and talk about them. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #66 ---
That would be good. i hope we find big biggest players.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
interesting

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hi Michael, always interesting to see new ways of thinking.

Count me in !

Best

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Hello P.Action, the art is to recognize the strategies of the big players in advance, first and foremost it is about their preferred stop zones in order to fill their invisible limit orders (iceberg orders). The Bionic Candle was created precisely for this. Warm greetings

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Hello rosalieone, I'm very pleased, welcome. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Hello jafp, thank you very much and welcome to our project. I think it will be even more interesting, especially when the participants have their first successes with this approach. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #72 ---
I see more benefits in using range bars over these bionic candles.

Rather see overall price movement independent and separate from time.

Red and green and price....All you really need.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Not upset at all just my opinion.

Range bars do show correct live tick data in the forex market if you know how to setup the chart.

The fact an experienced trader such as yourself doesn't know how to use range bars for forex kinda boggles me.

Wish you the best of luck with your experiment though.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Hello Jgcole83, as you may have seen, I deleted my post because I was unfortunately referring to the volume chart. What confuses me is why you go into a thread that you personally don't like. Why do you do this? Do you have too much time or are you bored? Nevertheless, I wish you every success and that you achieve your goals. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Again I don't dislike the thread.

Just my opinion and yeah this forum and these ideas people have are entertaining to talk about.

Just because I prefer range bars over your Bionic bars doesn't mean I dislike them.

I'm indifferent to Bionics because I've never used them.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
You actually said you prefer range bars over Bionic bars even thought you admitted you haven’t tried them.

Do you realise how stupid your statement is?.

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hello Bionics

Thank you for posting such thought inspiring information and ideas. I will be following and participating with great interest.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Hello herewego, welcome to this thread, we are happy that you are part of it. Knowing, how institutional dealers act, in combination with the Bionic candle, gives us a decisive market advantage. This allows traders to reach their breakeven point faster. Making money in trading is easy, the challenge is keeping it for the long term. We look forward to your commitment. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Hi Michael,

First of all i would like to thank you for sharing your many year of wonderful works.

I couldn't agree more the few points - how to read/ understand candle's, try to catch/ follow big player moves, find precise support or resistant/ entry & stop & finally is to keep winning for long term.

Looking forward your new creation, i'm added your bionic chart into my trading.

All the best to everyone! Cheers!

Jet

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Hello Jet, welcome and I am pleased that you have already gained experience in the approach of the big players. This helps all participants when we start our project at the end of the week. I am already producing the next video, where I will go into exactly these points in connection with the Bionic candle. I wish you continued success and look forward to working with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Hello Michael,

i use your bionic chart and strog candle indicators. for this chart continuation example circle area had some fake bullish movement after that tha has broken. so we can use as resistence?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And for this reversal example there was double top upper level of circle strong seller's level. after that broke neck line so there is trapped bulls short is suitable at that zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Hello P.Action, first of all thank you very much for posting a chart. You are still using the old indicator, so some zones are missing. I am currently uploading a video to YouTube, there I explain exactly how the zones work. I hope to be able to unlock this video in a couple of hours as 4K videos on YouTube unfortunately take a while. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Important message

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

First of all, thank you very much for the positive feedback from you, we usually didn't want to start the project until the end of the week so that everyone has time to prepare for it. I didn't expect so many traders to be interested in the Bionic Candle. For this reason, I have invested a lot of time in this project over the past few days and have made faster progress with my preparations than I thought. First of all, by noon today, I have finished a video that is very important for you and is currently being uploaded to YouTube. The HDMI / 4K conversion unfortunately takes time, so we have to be patient. It is planned, if YouTube plays along, that I can upload the video in the afternoon or evening at the latest. I promise you will be amazed. In addition, I will then also provide you with my new Bionic Chart Indicator on the first page. So you can get your first experiences with the Bionic Chart on Thursday and Friday. I hope that everything works out and I'm looking forward to it finally getting started. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #84 ---
by the way upper band was true but lower band was incorrect. that must be orange.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hi Michael,

This looks fantastic and very very promising. I can't wait to learn more about the Bionic candles and use it with my trading strategy.

Thank you for all the time, effort and work you are doing for this community! All for free :-).

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Hello ahmedali, thank you very much I appreciate that. Usually people say that what doesn't cost anything is worth nothing. We'll let ourselves be surprised. I am glad that you are here. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #87 ---
The new Bionic Candle Indicator is online!

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

It's done, the new video has just been released by YouTube in HDMI, but is not yet running in 4K. The translation also works. If you haven't done it yet, please first work through the first post, in this thread, and watch all videos. Then you can start. You can find the indicator in my first post, here I will also link it. Next week at the latest I will provide you with a template for this indicator with two important auxiliary indicators. I will also put them on the first page. I now wish you a lot of fun and look forward to your feedback.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

Attached File(s)   BionicCandle 5.1.ex4

14 KB
|
1,097 downloads

This indicator was developed and programmed by me and is my personal property. It can be used unlimitedly and free of charge by every trader. And it should stay that way in the future, because I don't want to earn any money from it. If someone comes up with the idea to sell or market this indicator, we will prosecute them.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hello Michael,

Thanks for sharing your hard work with people for free. Hats down to the people like you.

My question is about indicator. I can't make it look like yours (I tried to play with it make grey lines thinner but it makes it only uglier). My chart looks like this

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What setting am I missing to make it look like yours? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Hello taksistalo, thank you very much for the kind compliment. You can adjust the width and the colour in the indicator settings. In the indicator you have to enter the number 3 under settings and then move the candles together in the chart. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Hi Bionics

Thank you for your kind work and share it for free. I'm a little confused about how I should use this Indi . Could you please explain more about your Indi and how to use it and which TF is proper for it ?

Thanks

David

--- 帖子 #91 ---
hi Michael,

thank you for your hardwork and your kindness.

your taught has opened my eyes.

im looking forward to use this candle for my strategy

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Hello David, first of all, welcome to our place. You can find all the information in my first post. Here is the link:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Hi Michael,

thanks a lot for putting the hard work into this and even publishing it more early than planned. Great job.

I just have a quick question. Do you intend to slightly modify the indicator so the buffers can be read? Right now there are no buffers and no objects drawn.

I guess this was intentionally done but I am asking anyways.

Thanks a lot,

sjust2fast

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Hello nofisapitri, thank you for your kind words. This thread was started as a working group to find out more about the Bionc Candle together in a large group. I am glad that you take part in it. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #95 ---
hello Michael.

Thanks for your all effort and share with everyone.

i watched your last video and i did quick zone setup as chart. i am indecisive to use break bar or strong candle. in my example orange and pink zones create from break bar. yellow zone created from broken strongest bearish candle at the top of last swing high in an uptrend. that candle bears' castle if it break castle will be down for them. so big player can test that castle again? or break bar?

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Hello just2fast, in fact it was programmed on purpose in such a way that the buffer cannot be accessed in order to continue using the data. With the MT5 they are passed on automatically. This data is not relevant for us and does not bring any decisive advantage, as I have been working very successfully with it for 3 years without this data. The Bionc Candle is basically just a modern candle that takes today's zeitgeist into account. Of course, you could now start modifying this indicator to create lines and zones, but it won't work. There is also no EA that functions sustainably profitably in all market situations. Unfortunately, the big players cannot be beaten with an indicator, not even with the Bionic Candle. To this end, we will deal very intensively in our working group with the approach of the big players. The Bionic Candle can support us in this. As I have already written, I will get support from my CO moderator this week, as we are currently working very intensively on my algorithm profiling in the stock market. But of course I will continue to support this project. Greetings Michael

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Hello P.Action, first of all it is important to deal with the Bionic Candle in order to gain initial experience with it. It's like being in a new vehicle that you're driving for the first time. First of all, you have to understand how the big players operate, but if you trade in NZDUSD you will not find the biggest big players. I don't work with the  NZDUSD because I only trade in EURUSD. First try to determine the zones from the past, then you will know if you are correct. Tomorrow I will make another statement on the further course of events in our group. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #98 ---
I really love this video.

The very critical point of order flow is explained easily in this video.

Thanks Bionics for such a good stuff out here for free.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Hello Michael. In the scope of institutional trading, there is a concept called order blocks. Are the Bionic Candles somewhat related to them?

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Hello ifurian, no, the bionic candle is basically just a differently calculated candle chart, nothing more. Take a look at my videos on the home page. You can also call them up with Spanish subtitles. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Hello Ahmad, I be happy if the information helps you. We all in this thread would be glad if you share your findings with us in the next few days or weeks. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #103 ---
I am interested to participate. Many thanks for your efforts and your generosity

Cheers

Private

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Hello private, many thanks and a warm welcome to us. I am happy when you are there. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Michael, the ‘key candle’ appears to be an important concept... something we need to understand clearly.   How would you define a key candle in words?  Is it the following:

1.  For an upward price movement is it the first candle, where the entire candle is above the previous level of resistance?

2.  Conversely, for a downward price movement is it the first candle where the entire candle is below the previous level of support?

From the key candle high/low we can then create a zone which price will return to... until broken and a new key candle forms.

Is this Correct?

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Greetings Michael, Excellent thread , is there any chance of altering the background color so that its easier to see what you are explaining PLEASE ... the contrast atm makes it almost impossible to see you zones etc etc regards SP

EU Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Hello pakeha, first of all, thank you very much for your thoughts. Basically you had a good idea, but unfortunately it's not that easy. Your assumption is partly correct, but one cannot always make an recurring conclusion  from it. The reason for this: candles are formed by time and price and therefore arise randomly. Of course, the market movements only arise from the market orders that run into the limit orders. However, this is not visible in the forex market. If the candles are created by chance, no clear patterns can be derived from them. This would make it impossible to create a recurring derivation. First of all, it is important to understand how the big players move the market. An institutional trading approach is structured completely differently, as the big players must first collect and defend their large positions. But there is a ray of hope on the horizon. The big players create so-called invisible price zones, which their trading algorithms are based on. These price zones are of course derived from each other and it is interesting that some of them can be traced back 20 years. And this is exactly where the Bionic candle can bring its strength to use by making these invisible price zones visible to us. I'll be making a video next week to show you all that. I wish you a successful trading day, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #108 ---
impressive...i will install this bio candle to my mt4 and share my thought about it.....good job michael

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Hello starpro, thank you very much. At first I am amazed that your indicator shows different colors, but you can change them in the settings. I didn't understand your question, do you mean the contrast in my videos? Greetings Michael

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Hello senjamerah, welcome and thank you, we look forward to your feedback. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Michael I had to change the colors so they are clearer on the black Bground , in you video I cannot distinquish your areas or which candles you are pointing out , this is all I can see on same screen as previuos screenshot Regards SP Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Hi Michael,

I can understand what the red and the lime green lines represent. However I don't understand what the other colours represent. I am sure you will eventually explain what these candle colours represent. I can't wait to apply this knowledge to my trading strategy/strategies. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for all the effort you are putting into this endeavour.

Cheers

Rajandas

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Hello starpro, my videos are all recorded in 4K, it couldn't be better. The problem could be with your screen setting, or maybe with the monitor; it looks like your pixels are way too big. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #114 ---
AH thanks Michael

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Welcome to Rajandas, you will find all the information on the first page. Greetings Michael

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Hiya Michael

When you talk about the big players basically manipulating the market,they don't always get it right,in some cases going bankrupt

Do they all know what the others are doing and if they do isn't it illegal?

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Hallo Michael,

vielen Dank für ihre Arbeit.

Auf ihrem Youtube Kanal haben sie etliche Videos in deutscher Sprache und ich lerne daraus sehr viel.

Nun die Frage: Gibt es das neue Video über die Schlüssel Kerze auch in deutsch? Mein englisch ist leider nicht so gut, dass ich alles verstehe und ohne deutschen Text bin ich so gut wie hilflos.

Herzlichen Dank

Skipper13

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Hallo Skipper,

du kannst dir die Videos bei Youtube mit deutschem Untertitel anschauen. Nur Untertitel aktivieren und bei den Einstellungen bei automatisch deutsch einstellen.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders, I am very happy that you are starting to help each other. After all, we want to work together and exchange ideas and I don't want to just play the solo entertainer. Thank you mattkirby.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Hello watsone, a inportant questiont, you are absolutely right on many points. From my point of view, however, I would not claim that the market is manipulated, but the exchanges set rules that everyone who trades has to accept beforehand. We know that certain big players have priority in the queue at the exchanges. This leads to the conclusion that their placed orders are always as close as possible to the price execution. In trading, the rules of exchanges are set in the form of matching algorithms and, in some cases, different latency priorities. These rules can favor certain types of market participants like registered market makers by offering them higher matching priorities or even adding artificial speed bumps for other traders. The Chicago Exchange was the first to propose artificial speed bumps designed to delay the actions of incoming traders by 350 microseconds, except, of course, certain market makers who were allowed to use the freeway. Initially rejected as discriminatory, the proposal was later approved not only for Chicago but also for the New York Stock Exchange and other stock exchanges. One of the arguments in favor of admission was that exchanges already offer an advantage for registered market makers in various forms, including, for example, position determination in the queue. And now comes the crucial point: these rules that the exchanges have made can be considered fair because they are public. Traders who know the rules of the game can adjust their trading strategy accordingly, may find markets with better rules or choose not to trade at all. This means that as a retailer you have to know that you will be disadvantaged on the stock market, if you trade and lose anyway, it is your own fault because you have previously accepted the rules of the game. I don't want to go any deeper, however, as this dilutes our actual topic: the Bionic Candle.  Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Hi Bionics

I watched your videos . That's great work .  But I think if you explain your system , how it works , that would be a good idea . Issues like : key candles , what's the best point to enter the market , TP and SL . Thanks again .

David

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Hello sdhashemi, welcome. My trading strategy is mainly based on algorithms profiling, that would go beyond the scope and is therefore not the basis of this thread. The Bionic candle helps me to identify the crucial zones. This thread was created in order to first of all collect the exact advantages of the Bionic candle and to benefit from the experience of all participants. I am not providing a finished system here, but a construction kit that we build together. I will gradually publish my experiences of the last 3 years, but that will happen in the ongoing process. The essentials are already online. Please read my text again, which is under the videos, that explains exactly our approach. I look forward to working with you, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Herzlichen Dank

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Read and watched the vids on post one, i will read the rest of the thread upto date as i do not want to miss anything

Looks very interesting and thank you Michael  for your great work and years of effort

Looking forward to giving some input if i see anything which i feel might be of use

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Hi Michael

I am glad there is so much interest in the bionic candle provided by you since being an "old" follower of your videos etc.

I am sure we will find many interesting possibilities/application/advantages arising from  every one's collaboration.

Thank you for all the effort you are putting into this endeavour.

Trade well / Mos

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Hello Michael,

I've started reading your previous thread a few months back ( not finished yet ) , but your approach is different (outside the box).

Happy to see you opened another thread and trying to get input from other forum members, testing and getting different results from different way of applying the Bionic Candles.

Count me in !

C

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Hello Mos, thank you very much for your kind words. Producing videos is very time-consuming, but you can explain complicated things much better. You also learn to improve your English skills. I would be very happy if the information helps you too. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Hello Tradelive, welcome and thank you very much. We look forward to you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Hi Bionics

Refering to post 123 ,  , It would be better to limit subjects about Bionic candle , it means you may suggest some titles of this subject for discussing , so traders could concentrate on those subjects and avoid diffused ideas .

Thanks

David

--- 帖子 #132 ---
The start video is online.

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

On the first page you will now find a total of 5 videos that inform you about the Bionic Candle. The new video is now about the start and the procedure so that you can be successful in the future. Please consider that I have been working with my self-developed Bionic Candle for 3 years. I had many difficulties at first and it took me some time to get used to this new candle. This is a normal process as we all started with the candle chart. But you will quickly see that the Bionic Candle draws clearer charts and provides significantly faster and better information. Now it's a matter of working with this candle and identifying the key candles. It takes a while, but when you have some experience you will have a lot of fun with it. The biggest advantage lies in knowing exactly when a price will turn again and how far there is a high probability that it will move. Of course you will lose in the beginning because your senses are not yet sharpened for it. But it's like driving a car, maybe you still remember what it was like when you were behind the wheel for the first time. Don't expect to be immediately profitable because trading is far from easy. This is not because you are not able, but because you are trading against the best traders in the world. Only they move the markets and have experience that we can only dream of. And now it starts, make your first experiences and we keep our fingers crossed for you. In the next days and weeks we will provide more information and exchange information on a regular basis. I would be happy if you share your experiences with us. Under certain circumstances, it could also happen that you cannot cope with the Bionic Candle, but that is not a real problemk, because there is not only the Bionic Candle. So don't set your expectations too high, then you might be surprised in a positive way.

Inserted Video

I look forward to your cooperation and I wish you from the bottom of my heart that you achieve all of your goals.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Super, Mike !!!!! ...... Great video !!! I am ready to subscribe to your every word !!!

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Um die richtigen Schlüsselzonen im D1 zu finden und diese auf den Chart zu übertragen: Wie weit in der Zeit muss oder sollte man in die Vergangenheit schauen?

Wenn doch im M1 getradet wird würde da nicht auch ein Blick auf den M15 ausreichen?

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Hello Mik-Orlov, thank you very much. But you'd have a lot of work to do, that's already over 600,000 words in my two threads.  Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Hello Skipper, I only look back when there are no reference zones nearby. The M15 has larger zones than the M1. But I recommend that you first develop a feeling for it. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Danke, ich übe und trainiere

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Hello Skipper, it'll be fine, Rome wasn't built in one day either  Have a nice evening Michael

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Ok i am up to date with the thread

Looking forward to next week, i think i have the basics for the key candle zones

Thanks again Micheal

Just a quick view of key candle and retracement to key candle for zones

I can see more inside of this chart but would be easier as candles are formed to display them

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Hello Tradelive, I think that looks very good to start with and it is great, that you are trading in EURUSD as well. In the next few weeks we will be discussing a lot of things that will make our work easier. We wish you continued success. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Hello Michael,

Thanks for sharing your hardwork. I have subscribed and wish all of us green pips!

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Hello MinhAnh, first of all, welcome to our thread. We look forward to seeing you with us and looking forward to a great cooperation. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Pull on the same rope together!

Now that we have given you the basics of the Bionic candle, it is now a matter of collecting your first experiences and familiarizing yourself with the new candle. As you already know, I have been working exclusively with EURUSD for over 11 years. So that you can see the opportunities that arise, watch this video first. The pictures and the text are in English, but it is spoken in German. To do this, you can display subtitles in English on YouTube.

Inserted Video

I have developed a table with which you can determine your optimal currency pair. Here is the explanation of how you work with it:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...7#post12758947

You can download the table here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post12760574

The biggest big players in the world trade daily in EURUSD, which has the greatest liquidity of all assets in the world. A high level of liquidity means less volatility, but it also means greater security, which is ideal for our training. In addition, the Bionic Candle works best in liquid sideways markets. I talked about this in my videos on the home page of this thread.

For the reasons mentioned above, I would like to mainly focus on the EURUSD in this thread. Of course you can also post other assets, but I cannot give you any concrete support because I am not focused on other assets. When most of us work with the EURUSD, there are interesting synergies. We have daily, different information about the current course in EURUSD and at the same time we can see whether our drawn zones are right or wrong. It will also be interesting that we regularly keep an eye on all time units, since each of you acts in different time units. As a result, the learning effect is greatest when most of us concentrate on one thing. Of course, the Bionic Candle works in all assets, but we should start with the simplest one. In driving school you don't learn in a sports car either.

The Bionic candle is not only able to identify the key zones, but also shows the current strength during the ongoing process.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Try once, from this strength, to make a forecast for the future in the current chart. Even that is not easy at first, but every day you discover new aspects that make trading easier for you.

I am convinced that this joint approach will bring us the greatest success. Here's a little comparison. We take two groups of 25 people, who compete against each other to pull rope. Group A is significantly stronger than group B, but the weaker group B wins. The reason is simply because they bundle their strengths together to the point. And if we can do just that on this thread, the results will surprise us.

I wish you a successful day

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Skipper, I've drawn some zones for you here. In the M1 you can still make it smaller. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #147 ---
So in this image, about half way, we see three consecutive bullish candles, yet immediately the price breaks down.. Q that comes into my mind: Do we lack volume indication within the candles?

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Hallo Michael,

Danke für die Unterstützung

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Michael, can we use an automatic machine to quickly determine the levels? This is not the best

--- 帖子 #150 ---
I guess you always got to watch the overall context..in everything in life  But maybe i´m wrong..who knows?

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Thank you Micheal

Yes i know its not quite right but as you said in a previous post it will take time to develope yourself but it will be worth it, also you recommending the EURUSD must obviously mean something so whats the point of deviating from what works for the creator, especially from the beginning, in fact it would probably be better if everyone were to use EURUSD then it must become clearer quicker maybe?

Looking forward to the future info

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello hefer, first of all thank you for taking the trouble, however, this indicator only shows some key areas by chance. He is unable to identify most of the zones. You can see that from the blue arrows in my chart. With the Bionic candle, however, I can identify the zones beforehand. Hence, this indicator confuses us more than it helps us. Working with the Bionic Candle means that you have to be ready to put time and effort into identification. There is no such thing as an EA that is profitable in the long run, so every trader who wants to make money has to trade with his head. Each turning point can be identified with a key candle, but a trader in this project has to learn that first. My advice, get away from automatic systems, because the big players only use them to match their limit orders (iceberg orders) with the market orders with the help of algorithms. No big player works with an EA to make money and there is a reason for that. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Thanks for the great explanations about their system, I try to learn before I write something

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Hello Ingo, first of all thank you very much and welcome to our project work. I am very much looking forward to the exchange with you and wish you a good start with the Bionic Candle. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #155 ---
hi all.

GBPCHF chart worked great. nearly  90 pips in the pocket. Michael bionic candle is not only about eurusd i think.

before / after
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #156 ---
For Example NZDJPY nearly 60 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #157 ---
and waiting for dax here. continuation/scalping

--- 帖子 #158 ---
done

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Hello Tradelive,

you speak absolutely true words, if we all work with the EURUSD, we can achieve our goals faster because we only focus on one thing. As soon as we have found out the decisive advantages together, each participant can trade in their preferred asset, as the Bionic Candle works everywhere. Since most of them prefer EURUSD anyway, I'm in good spirits. I will also post in a few minutes an important video that will inform you about the real big players. Tomorrow morning at 9:00 a.m., another video will appear on my YouTube channel, where I'll show you the latest strategies of the big players.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCb...zsD2soUtb0CTqA

I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Hello P.Action, I am pleased that you have already achieved some successes with the Bionic Candle. This will help many participants if you share your experiences with them. I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Dominance of the big players

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

For the weekend I would like to provide you with a special video about the biggest big players in the stock forex and future market. There we look at the corresponding sales of the various assets and compare them with one another. Where are the biggest big players and why are they not so easy to identify in certain markets? Why is the probability of profit higher in one market than in the other and how can you reduce your liability risk? Why do some big players avoid certain markets? These are just a few of the questions we will deal with in this video. This could help you make the right decisions in the future. You can display subtitles in English on YouTube.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend and look forward to hearing from you again soon.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Hi Michael.

It is not only about bionic candle. You have to know PA. Your candle open my visualise. It is more clean.

I use currency strength to select currency. After that PA with bionic candle.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
And also biggest player is not in eurusd he is in every currency. For example today he buy jpy and sell gbp. So he played with gbpjpy. He didnt Waste his time with eurusd. It is my opinion.

Jpy strength limited with aud from now on.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Hello P.Action, I accept your opinion and I will not have any discussions about it in this blog. We are here to share our experiences with the Bionic Candle. And I'm happy that the candle gives you a clearer picture. I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Thank you Michael. Have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hi Michael, I implemented your strategy along with the bionics candles as your videos instructed. I am not sure if I understand it 100% yet but I took this short, On the bearish block level, it was breached by less than a pip like in one of your videos but it held and worked as I thought it would.

If you would care to give me some feedback if you think trade was correct or not it would be appreciated, many thanks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Hello venividivici, I'll take a look at this tomorrow and give you feedback. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Another trade, this time its a buy, from the same block targeted for the sell take-profit, it reached the block boundary by the pip and went back up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Hello Michael,

Thanks for the ideas and explanations. Especially the video is quite good...! Can I ask you an off the topic question here? in the video.. what is the software you used to dub in english? it's a text to voice software, I believe? can you tell me, if you don't mind...

Thanks,

Vin

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Hello Vin, welcome to our place and I am pleased if you can find some information here that will help you in your daily business. The software is a standard speech output that is automatically included in Windows 11. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Hello venividivici,

First of all, I am glad at how committed you are to the matter. That the trades worked was a fortunate fact as your zones were actually close to the key zones as well.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I noticed that your Bionic candle is overlapping. You can change the candlestick width under Settings in the indicator, this makes the view clearer. There are also differences in the candlestick display and colors - this is normal because we use different brokers.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is my representation of the zones, but I had very great difficulties, because at first you could identify the big blue candle as the key candle. First of all, I don't know my way around USDCAD because I don't trade it. My main problem, however, is the lower liquidity in the USDCAD limit orders, which leads to uncontrolled volatility during secondary trading times due to larger market orders. Although the EURUSD generates 6 times as high a volume every day, the liquidity of the limit orders on the ask and bid side is even 8 times higher than in the USDCAD. Here is an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On October 18th at 11:05 p.m., we see strong volatility in the USDCAD, which was caused by removing some of the limit orders. I could not draw this zone clearly because I needed a high level of liquidity in the past. A high level of liquidity keeps the price in a narrow range, which means that the individual Bionic candle provides significantly more information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the same time in EURUSD. Here, too, there was less liquidity, but the outbreaks could be determined very reliably beforehand. Nevertheless, the picture still shows clear candles that provide important information for the future. If, due to lower volatility, inaccurate bionic candles are regularly drawn in a currency pair, it will be very difficult to determine the future key candle. This is not due to the bionic candle, but to the liquidity of the individual assets. But there is a small ray of hope and that is a tickchart, which I will go into in more detail in a few weeks. My suggestion: maybe let's start at the beginning in the most liquid EURUSD market. If you know exactly how the Bionic candle works, it will make it easier for you to get started with your favorite assets.

I know that working with the bionic candle is very challenging and not easy at the beginning. Once you have internalized the bionic candle, it helps us to significantly optimize the probability of winning. If we start together in the easiest market EURUSD, we could achieve our goals faster. Have a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Hello, which drawing would be right here?

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Thanks for videos Michael, you gave me new elements to think about. As soon as I will see them all I will give you my opinions.

Have a nice weekend

Fabio

--- 帖子 #175 ---
According to my PA approach this one.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
I subscribed to both your threads, they are undoubtedly interesting (not digestible by the vast majority of traders, no surprise here). Have not read everything, though.

I share some of your ideas, at first they appeared inspired by ICT (although ICT only generated crap after a certain point in time, in my opinion of course). I have also plans to produce an EA much along those lines, or better I already started it, but it is in early stage.

Good luck. Prost!

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Sorry, I read a little better and see that is quite different from my own ideas and the concepts don't fit well in my mindset.

I will unsubscribe. I apologize.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Hello JotaP, first of all thank you very much for your honesty. But you don't need to apologize, because working here is voluntary. We wish you all the best for the future. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Hello Fabio, thank you very much. The most important thing is that the information will help you in the long term. If that were the case, I would be very happy about it. Have a nice weekend, Michael

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Hello Ingo, I will post another detailed video next week to illustrate the procedure and how to draw the zones exactly. I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Dear Michael,

big thanks for the extensive Transfer of knowledge and experience.

I am very impressed and would like to thank you very much for the stimulating presentations.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Hello starpro,

Does it help you if you change the settings on the video? See arrow below
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Thanks Isabella , no I tried all those different settings , but it dosent matter , re-reading the thread the pic of the bullish/bearish % illustration gave me all I need to trade the A200 indice cheers SP

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Hello Isabella_D, welcome to our thread. I am honored that this information brings you added value and I think it is great that you are helping the attendees immediately, unselfishly. Thank you very much for that. I'm looking forward to working with you, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #186 ---
showing my amended desktop background to give instant recognition to "Bionics Candle "     Thank you MIchael..  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #187 ---
hello starpro, yes great then it can really start. best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hello mr Bionics

i want to thank you for sharing bionic indicator

i really appreciate you for sharing your finding from research that obviously take lot's of time and energy and you share it for free

not so many people are willing to share like you these days.

I just found this thread one day ago and it is very interesting for me

althou i trade mainly gold and the lowest time frame i go is 15M

i never go below 15M becaus it is to fast for me >.<

and another one of my top weakness is Price action T_T especially plotting the support/resistance or supply and demand zone...

always confuse me

i do the trade with indicator heavy, and so far haven't make any profit for me

but anyway i'am gonna use bionic chart and try to see how it goes

i hope i found something that can change the way we trading to have a better result

Thank you Sir and sorry for any misspeling, english is not my first language

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Hello Tabary, first of all a warm welcome and many thanks for your openness. It is perfectly normal not to be profitable, most traders do. Possibly the Bionic Candle can help you to break even in the long run if you focus less on lagging indicators. Of course, traders are always looking for the optimal setup to be profitable in the long term. But first let go of the thoughts of making a profit. The main goal of a trader is not to lose money. If you can do that, you will be among the 10% of the most successful traders in the world. I keep my fingers crossed for you and look forward to your cooperation. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Everything still looks like Magic, can't get the characteristics of a key candle in all those videos, it 2ould have been better if there is a analytical diagram that points to the kind of candles that makes them KEY then one can now start relating.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Dear Michael;

This is really great, as I am looking for this candle momentum thing for some times. I did spend the whole half day today to study in this Bionic Candle; and I add in some of my own method of trading with other indicators as well, I think the trading will increase the winning rate.

I'd like to share what I been working on for this half day, hope it benefit to everyone. I use to trade by using SnR, EMA, also refer to ADX crossed, RSI and Stochastic; which will be combination of these 5 indicators, and now I add in Bionic Candles.

Most of the time I trading Gold, and sometime during weekend if am free, I will look for scalping of BTC/USD. Please refer to below as my finding for 5M on Gold Trades Studies;

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also, I did 2 paper trades of BTC just now, as my demo account do not have Crypto, and of course not going live before test the method;
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks for your hard work. Tomorrow will test it will Gold trade, and will update again.

I have an suggestion, I saw somewhere in your post or video, you do have each bar for every time frame in your chart, which is very helpful, is it possible to have a dashboard, for each time frame, may be 2 or 1 previous bar bullish or bearish percentage (%), and current bar? This will be very helpful to identify next move for open trade.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Hello Sleewc, welcome to our thread. First of all, I think it's great that the Bionickerze helps you within the concepts you have created. But that's not the approach we're taking in this thread. Here we just want to talk about the bionic candle without any further indicators. The markets in which you trade contain a very high level of volatility, where the bionic candle does not provide as clear signals as, for example, in the EURUSD. To make it as easy as possible for everyone, we are initially only working with the bionic candle in EURUSD. We would be very happy if you could participate in our project. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #194 ---
I understood that you using it for trading Euro/USD, that's just my personal exploring. if you think is not appropriate, I will remove the post.

I used to trade Euro/USD previous years, then I move to Gold, as there is more liquidity.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Hallo Michael, ist dies Ausführung besser?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Hello sleewc, no, you don't need to delete the post, but we only want to work with the Bionic candle in EURUSD for the time being, as this will enable us to reach our goal more quickly to find out more about the advantages. Tomorrow morning I'll publish a detailed article about volatility, liquidity and volume, as misunderstandings keep coming up here. I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Hello Skipper, unfortunately the zones are not yet correct, but that is not dramatic as we have only just started. My tip, start with the past and see why there was a change in movement and which key candle was responsible for it. I'll take a closer look at this tomorrow. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Hi micheal, a few quick questions

As we are looking to trade EURUSD and use bionic candle to find where big players are in the market, i assume times of day are very important for entries?

And it seems you work down from higher timeframe to a 1 minute chart for entries and close trades within 2 to 3 candles, which timeframe do you start with?

I have more questions but the above are only relevent to whats been posted at the moment so i will leave it here atm as im sure most will be answered without asking

Thanks TL

--- 帖子 #199 ---
I am happy to continue learning and to find the especially the entry

Thanks for the great executions

--- 帖子 #200 ---
The answer my friend is blowing in the ... youtubechanel of Michael .

When you take part in a forum, it is hard for the moderator (producer) to inspire, to convey knowledge, to keep the crowd together.

It is hard for consumers to read post no. 1 .... x , to question and accept the knowledge of the producer and to take advantage of the group.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
One trick for you. If there is a lot of levels, they are nothing.

By the way i am not owner of this thread. This is my idea.  I respect to Michael.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Mtf version or a means to view higher time frame state may be better for comparative analysis.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Why does the Bionic Candle work best in liquid markets?

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Before I show more examples of how we draw zones with the bionic candle, I would like to cover one more important aspect. When the idea for the Bionic Candle arose 7 years ago, I initially only wanted to develop a candle that would show me the effective market strength.

What exactly do I mean by market strength?

We all know that only the big players can move the world's largest markets. And how do they do it? First, for example, in an accumulation phase, they collect a certain number of asks with the help of limit orders. In order to push the price quickly in the profit direction, massive market buy orders are shot into the market and at the same time the big player withdraws his previously occupied limit sell orders. As a result, the price shoots up quickly and the short traders' first stops are triggered. Now a chain reaction arises. One stop now triggers the next and the price keeps going up. This means that a rapid price trend is often only the result of triggered stops and has nothing to do with market strength. The actual market strength lies in the limit orders, with which a big player can stop a market at any time with iceberg orders. A high volatility only arises when the volume of the market orders is higher than the liquidity in the limit orders.

Attached Image

How does it work in practice? A retail trader sees a strong upward breakout candle and enters the market. At this point the spread is twice or three times as high because the best ask price shoots up while the best bid price remains. This is because, for a brief moment, little or no limit buy orders are being placed. The retailer is now entering the market 3-5 pips later. The big player is now selling the ask via market orders that he invested at the beginning of the outbreak candle. As a result, the market is running back and the retailer is stopped with 10 pip. Everyone knows this situation and has often been annoyed about it. So a big candle is a sign that many traders have been stopped out here. And big candles are only created in a phase when there is little liquidity. It is true that the market orders move the market, but only the limit orders of the big players determine when the time comes. In a car, too, the brake is always stronger than the accelerator pedal, which is known to regulate the engine power. If you step firmly on the brakes and apply full throttle at the same time, the vehicle will not move. The market orders are the accelerator and the limit orders are the brake. We recognize that it is not the fault of the broker that the spread widened significantly in strong upward or downward movements. As a scalper, you should deal with the spread in detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, there is a target value that the broker is trying to achieve. This is also used for advertising. As an example, I have listed the six largest currency pairs in the world here. Next to the target value we find the average spread that any broker has passed on in a certain period of time. With the help of the Bionic candle, we are able to significantly reduce our spread. I'll go back to that in a moment. On the right, we see the cost of an expensive broker.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I don't trade in the off-peak hours because it would take me an average of 30 seconds to get into the profit with EURUSD. The average probability of loss is 62.5% and with an Risk-Reward-Ratio of 2, I would get 0.6 pip. In the main trading hours, Frankfurt, London and New York, I am already in profit after 15 seconds, the loss probability drops to 56.3% and with an RRR of 2, I achieve an average of 3 pip profit. And it is precisely this calculation that every trader should make individually for his situation. You can find the table for this on the first page.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now take a look at the zones that I determined with the Bionic candle. When a price touch this zone, in most cases it will be strongly rejected in the opposite direction. Whoever opens a trade in exactly these zones is of course much faster in profit. In order to achieve a low spread, I have to enter before a possible breakout candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left you can see the EURUSD in the 8 tickchart, on the right in the M1 the same price trend. At the blue arrow in the tick chart, we find a lot of yellow candles in the upward movement, while in the upward movement in the M1 there is no yellow candle. A yellow candle shows: The close is on the high. In a market where there is little liquidity and a high volume, there is always a high level of volatility. In a high volatility phase, more blue and yellow candles appear in the bionic candle. The more of these candles are created, the more difficult it becomes to identify the crucial, strong zones in order to create the future key candle. Of course, high volatility will get you there faster. Since 90% of all traders lose in the forex market, most of them do not gain any advantage from high volatility. On the contrary, they lose their money even faster. For a professional trader this is a completely different story, but that only applies to the remaining 10%.

Regular, high volatility in an asset only shows that there are few or only smaller big players in the market. Because the big players work primarily with iceberg orders to disguise their real intentions. And these iceberg orders only exist in the limit Orders. The right big players avoid markets with high volatility, which can always be seen from the fact that the limit orders are withdrawn shortly before a FED meeting. For me, high volatility does not mean a strength, but rather a weakness in the limit orders. And since the limit orders determine the market in EURUSD, it is precisely these limit orders that are the key to success. Since the EURUSD has the highest liquidity, bionic candleworks best there. I can understand that some of my statements are incomprehensible to some traders because we do not receive any information about liquidity and volume in the forex market. For this reason, I work in parallel with stock market data in order to make my trading decisions. That means: the more volatile a market is, the less profitable the bio-nic candle become. That is why we start our project work with the EURUSD.

I don't mean to say that permanent, high volatility is bad. But it is unproductive for me because I am more of a safety-oriented trader than a risk trader. Since I want to keep my profits in the long term, I tend to look for markets that offer me exactly this security. We shouldn't discuss this, however, as every trader always has to take responsibility for his own profits and losses. The bionic candle thus concentrates indirectly on liquidity. And since the biggest big players dominate the market through their liquidity, the bionic candle indirectly pursues this institutional approach.

I wish you a successful trading day.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #205 ---
a new amazing candle calculation ? and all that for free ?

THANK you so much my dear friend....

Jeff

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Hello Jeff, first of all, welcome to our thread. Of course, the Bionic candle is not free, because we are working together on a project that is far from finished. We are looking for traders who are willing to invest their valuable time to participate in this project. You can find all the information about this on page 1. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Thank you Michael.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
i want to say sth. for example time 12:20(nearly 1 hour ago) m5 minutes candle is key for all usd pairs so that candles could be tested next minutes or hours. by the way cad aud up nzd chf and eur has down movement right now. until usd test those levels i choose audchf up movement to trade as example.

when it breaks last high sellers' stops will blow and price move faster

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Thanks Michael for the wonderful Bionic candle

Here to learn and digest as much as I can to get the handle on this bionic candle

Once again thanks for your effort in teaching the bionic candle

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Yesterday I was still thinking, oh my god, I hope you don't get confused with this new candle view.

Today I have already changed all of my templates in this regard and can more critically observe the chosen trading direction.

For me the colors (red, green) are: resistance, opponent or ... confirmation.

I hope this comes across correctly because my English ...

Next step will be to adapt the S_R. Let's see how that fits with my previous analyzes (so far I've been doing it from Month to M1; Pivot HL; size and duration of the price movement). I mainly trade H4, looking for correlated pairs. So it will take a while until I am finished with the new templates.

I wish everyone good success.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Hello Zk2017, thank you very much and welcome to us. It is completely normal that it takes a while to get used to the bionic candle. I am sure you will manage it. Please also read my contributions on the first page. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Your thoughts on these zones please

I havent marked out the obvious ones at the bottom

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Hello Isabella_D, I feel for you, because I felt the same way at the beginning. You can of course adjust the colors individually. The Bionic candle can also be adjusted very flexibly in order to highlight exactly the zones of a candle that are important for a trader. Your english is ok,  I can understand what you write. I'm about to publish another post with some tips for future translation. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #214 ---
The optimal communication,

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

First of all, I am very happy that our project has been very well received and for that I would like to first of all thank you very much. A few days ago, Forex Factory's membership exceeded 1 million. Many traders from different nations and countries exchange ideas in many threads to help each other. Each of these individual people went through different development processes. It starts with upbringing and schooling, continues through training or studies and ultimately leads to an individual life experience. In addition, there is the barrier of different languages, which can quickly lead to misunderstandings. So that we can make efficient progress in this thread, I would like to give you some tips so that we can all understand each other better in the future. During my German school education I learned English and French, but as we know, there are special trading terms that you obviously don't learn in school. In principle, one can understand complicated issues best in one's native language, of course. I know that many traders copy the text from Forex Factory in order to translate it afterwards. But this can also be achieved much more easily.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It is best to use Google Chrome for this, at the arrow A you will see a symbol, if you click on it, you can display entire websites in your individual home language. Then you don't have to copy out individual texts in order to have them translated.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It looks something like this, in this case the English text has been translated into German.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you are new to English and would like to answer in English on this blog, the best way to do it is as follows.

Point A
First write the text in your home language and then have the Google translator translate it into English.

Point B.
Now copy the English, translated text and paste it into a new Google translator.

Point C
You can now have this English text translated back into your home language to check whether your statements can be understood correctly. If there are translation problems, you have to correct these errors individually. This means that there will be fewer misunderstandings in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My videos that I posted on the first page of this thread are all in English. If you press the symbol at Point A, you will first switch on the subtitle on YouTube. Now press the gear symbol under Point B. There you can now individually set your home language. Then the spoken text appears in your home language. Of course, there can always be translation errors, but it is crucial that you understand the most important things. One little thing is still dear to my heart. I started this thread voluntarily and free of charge with no commercial background and am ready to invest my time to get better together with you. I do not want any recognition for this, but together with the administration of Forex Factory I will ensure that extreme members who stand out due to inappropriate behavior are completely banned in the future. I also ask you to help keep this thread clean, always in a polite manner, of course.

I hope that these ideas simplify many things for you and I look forward to a further, constructive, fair and friendly exchange.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Tradelive, could you please post the chart with the yellow and blue candles to first make a comparison? Thank you Michael

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Hello, I am practicing the question if the zones are correct?

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Apologies, i changed colours to see how it looked without

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #218 ---
closed here. just wrong chose EURAUD had better move nearly 50 pips.

i hope next time.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
[quote=Bionics;13759019]The optimal communication ...

Same Translationtool  for Firefox too

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not all zones are unambiguous and clear to me, but I've drawn them all in anyway. It is much more important to first determine the zones in the past in order to get to know the Bionic candle. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #221 ---
i found these ones. different pairs and tf.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Last zone drawn worked out very nicely, could have set a sell limit there

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Ingo, here are my daily zones. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Hello Tradelive, things are going well I'm pleased. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Another approach from me. All jpy Pairs with 1 zone that created same time. if jpynzd break upside all of them should go up. only 2 of them didnt break zone. jpynzd and jpyaud as i said before jpy strength limited by aud. from now it is limited with nzd.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Hello P.Action, you are on the right track. I would also recommend that you make the candles narrower. You can adjust this in the indicator. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Hello P.Action, I'm pleased, but maybe in the future we can only talk about the Bionic Candle EURUSD so that everyone in the thread can benefit from it. Thank you very much Michael

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Okey Michael. I follow all 28 pairs at the same time. eurusd is one of them in this pool. Nothing more nothing less for me.

Maybe tomorrow i could share my general eurusd outlook. Greetings pa

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Thanks micheal, i have not taken any trades as yet just trying to get the feel of the bionic candles and key candles

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #231 ---
And  also when i trade,  i chose pair at that time.

I dont chose pair and dont wait trading time.

For example if i trade now i chose nzdcad for long opportunity.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
eurusd long trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Todays Chart, i wonder what i will think of this a few months down the line

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #234 ---
There is a lot of levels. Less levels create more simple decisions.

There is 3 important levels i marked. General trend is down so try to find short opportunity you have 2 resistence zone number1 zone is too close to lowest level. Number 3 is more possible to scalp short trade.

For True zone marking you have to write True story of buyers and sellers.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
M. Is the candle indicator compatible with both MT4 and MT5? TY

--- 帖子 #236 ---
and we have another entry for the late people, at the moment and with a very clear tp and sl zones this time

the problem could be the spread increase can kill the trade

cheers

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Thank you for the input and yes i understand the normal zones of trading.

But i am following the key bionic candle areas as they will be different than the buyer and seller zones we normally deal with and trades take profit in 2 to 3 1m candles so your zone 2 would be to large an area for me and could create a larger DD

I might as well go back and trade S/D otherwise

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Hello Rgo, the Bionic Candle is currently only available for the MT4. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Hello Tradelive, it will be like everything, that you try for the first time. The accuracy is much clearer in larger time units. That's why I often reduce the zones from the daily chart to the H1 / H15 and then to the M5 / M1. For me, the Bionic Candle is a means to an end that gives me additional information because the price is the fastest indicator on a chart. In addition, it is crucial for me to know where the big players are and what they are doing next. To do this, of course, you always have to work with assumptions that improve over the years through experience. That is why parallel access to stock market data is just as important to me. In the current chart I don't work with so many zones, that will change for you too. A major challenge is the time that determines when a new candle is formed. As I have already written, a candle is only created by chance due to time and price. However, the Bionic Candle shows the strength within these candles 7 times more accurately than a candle chart. This means that a trader can find at least twice as many entries that allow a significantly higher probability of winning. For this, I will show some more examples of how you can optimize your entrances. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Hello Bionics,

yesterday I installed your Bionic Candle indicator to see if it can provide the missing piece to my Forex trading hypothesis.

I am doing quite well in the indices futures market but you are right about various advantages in trading Forex, so I decided to look into it.

My approach tackles several obstacles you have repeatedly mentioned. Using futures data of major pairs traded on the CME, I analyzed their behavior with my beloved volume profile and found that there is a considerable edge in trading volume profile levels. The H4 volume profile levels seem to be of significant importance for intraday movements. I also keep an eye on the US dollar Index futures on ICE. As you wrote, the big players create invisible price zones, and I believe volume profile levels is an important tool to look for trade entries. Also as you wrote, candles are random, but from my experience, volume profile levels are not. I have also gathered enough evidence to conclude that the algorithms both in FX pairs as well as indices futures are working on a H4 volume profile basis.

That being said, I haven't been able to consistently spot the relevant volume profile levels in FX pairs. I think your Bionic Candles can point me in the right direction when evaluating which levels to trade.

I will post updates as I learn how to properly use the Bionic Candle.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
I'm also curious how it goes on, with the entrances in the m1

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

https://www.tradingview.com/x/U8QML2LC/

This illustrates my findings concerning the H4 volume profile levels. Sorry I can't upload a screenshot of my MT4 terminal as for some reason my iPhone won't accept incoming pictures sent from my windows computer. But you can look for yourself how these levels interact with the Bionic Candles provided by Michael. I am convinced there is an enormous edge in trading volume profile levels with Bionic Candles, although I am still trying to wrap my head around them.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Hello Silverwater, first of all, welcome to our blog. I am very happy that you are participating in our project. The invisible price zones are actually highly relevant and can be identified by a key candle in the bionic chart. I wrote about these zones at FF 4 years ago. These price zones are used by the big players until the market notices it and it no longer pays off for them. This also has something to do with setting up the algorithms for certain price zones. You can also see with stock market data that they are repeatedly using their iceberg orders in the same price zones. Your strategies work on the same principle over and over again. In order to have as little stress as possible with the price alignment of the algorithms, the price zones are simply changed. This saves time and is effective. The key candle is often a strong breakout candle (yellow / blue candle or candle with a small pullback) after a previous equilibrium. A lot of traders are stopped there because they were going in the wrong direction. There are hardly any long traders in such a upward running key candle. Only then do many traders begin to trade in the right direction. For this reason, the big player must maximally enter this key zone in order to effectively pull most long traders out of the market or at least to limit their profits. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Thank you Michael. Now I know what type of Bionic candle to look for and see if they somehow align with volume profile levels. As you can see, earlier today I was monitoring E/U Bionic candles next to the CME/ICE volume profile levels, and I could already observe interesting price behavior. I'll be working my way through your older posts as well.

On another note, I must say I find MT4 quite tedious to work with. Is there any chance Bionic Candles could be programmed for Tradingview? You are probably way too busy, I'm just curious if this is something that would be considered in the future.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
It is very convenient to work with bionic candles on H1 ........ You collect money like a vacuum cleaner !!! SUPER!!!

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Hello Silverwater, First of all I have completely redeveloped the indicator in order to work out the concrete advantages of the Bionic Candle together with the market participants in this thread. Your question shows me that you expect a lot from the Bionic candle and I am happy about that. Tradingview uses the Pine script, which is a relatively simple programming language. But we're not that far yet. We're still at the beginning of the project and although I've already invested over 5,000 hours in the Bionic Candle, we still don't know the key points. So let's take the first step and start with this project. In addition, the fewer people who know about the project, the better for us all, provided the Bionic Candle gives you the decisive advantage. Another point, I have been working very successfully with the Bionic Candle for 3 years, although the bionic Candle is not decisive for my entry into trading, only the stock market data. The Bionic Candle shows me where something could happen and the stock market data decide when it happens. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Hello Mik-Orlov, I'm pleased. Many participants would be happy if you shared your approach to learn from. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Hi Silverwater, thanks for your findings and I like them because it lead me into looking for a better means of trading. Please which volume profile indicator do you use and can you share it here?

Thanks and I appreciate it.

Penuel.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Hello penuelophir, first of all, welcome to our blog. First of all, I ask you to use this thread for the Bionic Candle. You can also write to Silverwater by PM, there you can then exchange ideas in peace. Many thanks and best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #251 ---
[quote = Bionics; 13760484] {quote} Привет, Мик-Орлов, я доволен. Многие участники были бы счастливы, если бы вы поделились своим подходом к чему-то полезному. С уважением, Майкл [/ quote]

Everything is very simple ...... Levels, .... zones are not objective concepts in Forex. It is rather creativity: the multicolor of different lines ..... And your bionic candle helps me to quickly enter the sale when a yellow candle appears .... I hold a position for no more than a minute ... I take profit .... As they say in Russia: " Two thousand repetitions, and everything will work out! "))))))))))

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

my upper zone drawn yesterday was not entirely correct, as the actual key candle was one candle above it. I will explain to you, why I was wrong, tomorrow in more detail. That the price from my zone would go down, you could see today into the limit orders. I wish you a nice evening. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #253 ---
m1, nice setup, nice drop

too bad i didnt trade it, i was away allmost the day

good luck to all

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Entered a long trade on EURUSD

Key candle zone and a build up of buyers shown via bionic candle cluster

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Buy market orders (aggressive buyers) or sell limit orders (passive sellers) both show up on the ask. Can never tell which one is really driving price action. In this case I believe price dropped on the next candle so only then do we get our answer... sell limit orders.  So the Bionic Candle is not going to be able to distinguish that.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Attachment g

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Hello sir

a yellow candle is indicate that the buyer is strong right?

why enter a sell for 1 minute?

can you explain more detail please

if there's also some picture i will be much appreciate it

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Michael,

I stumbled upon this thread just today and have been reading since I found it. It is very gracious of you to share your several years of work and research with all who wish to learn and contribute. The Bionic Candle is an awesome concept that I feel will help me very much in my trading. My only experience with the Big Boys is to be on the wrong side of them , rarely on the right side. I am semi-retired and have more time to dedicate to trading now than before and am not too old to learn, when you stop learning you start dying inside I feel. I have already installed the Bionic candle in to my charts ,I trade multi timeframes, so that I can see better the true price action . You are a scholar and gentleman as I have have read every line in this thread so far.

Thank you for all you've already done ,

Mike

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Hello Mike, thank you very much and welcome to our blog. The Bionic Candle can help you to find significantly more entries in the future, but you have to deal with it every day. I am glad that you share your experience with us and I wish you every success. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my post 220 I have drawn different zones in the EURUSD M1 that could be relevant in the future. The zone that I marked on October 25th at 2:00 p.m. (Point A) was entered for the first time yesterday afternoon (Point B). Overall, the hit rate has been quite good so far, except for the zone at Point C. As promised, I'll show you why I was wrong there.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the M5 at point A we see an equilibrium that is broken by the candle at point B. That's why that was my key candle. However, the price went a little higher at Point C. The fact that the zone worked at Point D was a coincidence and actually has to do with the key candle at Point E.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My mistake was, that I didn't watch the movement, in the M1. First of all, we see that the price is falling sharply (Point A). At point B, the price was pushed up more strongly for the first time. I would normally have drawn a line there. The key candle at Point C also rejected the price twice. At Point D we see a candle that ensures that the price initially goes down a bit and at the same time breaks my line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you now draw in this candle, you can see that at point A the price reacts accordingly. I would now see this zone as a resistance zone in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we can see that this key candle would have been correct.

The Bionic Candle is a support to find more entries in the future. Of course you won't draw every zone correctly, because I also make some mistakes. The key factor is finding more correct zones that work. With good money management, you can significantly increase your probability of winning. First of all, I recommend each participant in our project to find these key candles in the past and then see how the price reacted to them. This means that the learning effect is higher than if you used the Bionic Candle immediately for trading.

I wish you all the best in retail today, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Hello, hope to have the right approach here, for me below the resistance was tested too often on

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Hello Michael. You marked my posted bar. Good.

For now jpy pairs 10:40 (3.30 hour ago) bar must be tested and buy jpy. Xxxjpy pairs will go down.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Hello Ingo, the approach is quite good, but they push the price up a little to get the short traders out. In doing so, they continue to collect bids with their Limit Sell Oders. I could imagine that the course will then continue to decline. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #266 ---
That makes things a lot clearer thanks micheal

--- 帖子 #267 ---
works fine

--- 帖子 #268 ---
All of them is down. That is great. )))

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Hello Ingo,

Here you can see my view of the limit sells orders of the big players. At 1:12 p.m. (Point A), I wrote you the following.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

"Hello Ingo, the approach is quite good, but they push the price up a little to get the short traders out. In doing so, they continue to collect bids with their Limit Sell Oders. I could imagine that the course will then continue to decline. Greetings Michael"

The price was pushed up to point B and the short traders stopped out. Then it went back to Point C. My guess was based on the fact that the big players had bought the dollar on a massive scale beforehand, and it had to be turned into a profit. I just didn't know exactly when that would happen.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the whole thing again in the M15. The stops of the short day traders were at the blue line. That line had to be overcome. I hope this helps you further.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Thank you Michael, as always just great explanation. You have better insight.  Looking forward to continuing to learn.

LG

Ingo

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Hello Michael, thank you for sharing your bionic candle indicator.

I have watched your video on how to define a key candle a few times. From what I can see, there are two ways that a key candle comes about.

One way is when a candle breaks through a pivot point line, like in your first example with the monthly chart, and another way is when a candle brakes through an equilibrium. Defining an equilibrium can be quite objective.

Have you got a definition that you stick to, a certain set of rules, or do you just know from experience that yes that is a good equilibrium to use?

--- 帖子 #272 ---
a later entry from the m5

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Hi, Michael,

May I know from where can get the order source? need to subscribe or where can I get it?

Thanks.

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1635349740

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Hello sleewc, first of all, it is important to me to emphasize that only traders who do so voluntarily and happily subscribe to me. I developed the display of my limit delta orders myself and they are not availableto buy in this form. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Hello Ingo, yes you were correct. As you can see, this zone lasted for a few minutes and was relatively weak. This was also due to the fact that no real equilibrium had arisen beforehand. We'll talk more about that in my new video this afternoon. I wish you a successful day. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Hello Timo7, welcome to us. I'll be posting another video this afternoon showing the ways I'm using to identify the key candle. I will also show you how the big players move their invisible price zones. The clear definition of the key candle is not yet 100% clear, this thread was created to work on it together. I look forward to your cooperation. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #278 ---
[quote=Bionics;13763049]{quote} ... The clear definition of the key candle is not yet 100% clear, this thread was created to work on it together. ...

It is good that this is clarified now.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
[quote=Isabella_D;13763221]
Hello Isabella, first of all, the structure and functionality of the Bionic Candle is clear to me, as I've been working with it for 3 years. In these 3 years I have found out a lot of things that can actually be optimized. That is why this thread was created. In the last 2 days I recorded a new video that describes my exact procedure with the Bionic Candle. I'll upload that this afternoon, I think a lot will become clearer then. We can then build on that together. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #280 ---
what JPY pairs did from yesterday till now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #281 ---
i have my own system too. i try to find price level to trade. it didnt finished yet. it is not about of this thread but i am looking for combine them.

in jpy charts

GBPJPY = 156.87

NZDJPY = 81.15

EURJPY = 131.96(in the morning it worked properly)

--- 帖子 #282 ---
[quote=Bionics;13763568]

I really appreciate the Use of the Bionics candle, as already mentioned (apart from the very volatile color yellow / blue).

The key candle should determine the zone, so I haven't had any enlightenment so far and I appreciate your openness to mention that there is still a construction site open here.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
I suspected your experiences with SR-finding .

Didn't pay much attention to your work (in this thread - excuse that means not your results of your work) because it has nothing to do with the basics of the topic.

Only in this thread is the thesis made that there is another way to find Zones via Bionic Candles.

Tools to do this are probably still missing. That opens the door to clarify the basics first in this community.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Video: Work with the Bionic Candle

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

In the following video I show you my approach, how I draw the key zones in the EURUSD H1. I am convinced that this information will help you. Use these basics to find out more about the Bionic Candle. We are all looking forward to your ideas and comments.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading day

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Thanks for the new video

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Hello Ingo, thank you very much. I would be happy if the information in the video helps you. You are welcome to give us a feedback if you have worked with it. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Hi, Michael, Thanks for you hardworks, and keep sharing the knowledge. I did subscribe to you once I found out this thread, and it is amazing with many insight information especially with the bionic candle trading method, helps me a lot while trading.  I would be glad, if this limit order application able to share to us, so that everyone cab be benefit as well; but is you wills ya, no force.

Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Hello sleewc, the Bionic Candle and the information on how to work with it are very complex and cost me a lot of time. I like to do that, voluntarily and free of charge. When someone gives you a gift, be satisfied, be happy about it, and not ask for other gifts. Because this attitude shows that the recipient does not appreciate the gift.  Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Yes

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Eurusd Magic levels are these. for information. have a nice day

1.1718

1.1646

1.1570

1.1507

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hi everyone

Please I posted the picture in question in view that I have now the understanding of how to draw the zones after I have watched the video Michael. It does have to be Michael to respond, anyone is welcome to make a comment or correct me where I did not get it right.

thanks and have a wonderful day

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Hi P.Action, if you want to promote your system or blog this is the wrong place. You have your own blog where you can talk about it. We work here with the Bionic Candle and want to benefit together from the experience of all traders. Please stick to it in the future. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Ok my friend.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would have drawn this zone as well, but made it smaller in the M5 / M1. However, I believe the price will continue to go down. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Hi Michael , enjoyed the videos so far. to me it is not entirely clear how you decide to draw the zones.

for example last pictures shared.

1) did you chose the smaller one because the one breaking the low was a relatively "big" candle?

2) In your videos i mainly saw zones occuring if either a key candle was formed (blue or yellow) or a candle broke another zone. Im not sure why this zone was drawn by you.

3) as 2)

Thanks in advance. I appreciate everything your doing.

Kai

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Hello Kai, thank you very much and welcome to this blog. On the first page of this thread you can find all the information about how I work with it. Likewise, 8 videos that have been viewed over 6,000 times in the last few days. That will give you a clear overview.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

I look forward to your feedback. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Hello ZK2017,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

my guess today at 12:00 noon that the price will continue to fall has turned out to be correct.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I will show on Sunday why that happened and how brutal the big players were here. And yet the zones of the key candle worked.

I wish you all a great weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #299 ---
I think you misunderstood my request.

As I mentioned in my first post, I am trading other than EUR/USD, and I did spend the whole half day learning and trying to understand the Bionic Candle (even for now, still look at the Bionic Candles formation during weekend); and I did appreciate a lot for this "Gift". I not posting further, as I don't want disrupt further, as you and your team are working on EUR/USD only.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Hello sleewc, I can absolutely understand that and I believe that we all support your decision. I sincerely wish you continued success in trading and that your goals are met. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Determining Key Candles

From the first 1:20 of the video on post #286 (Work With Bionic Candle) I have constructed 2 charts on the H1 EURUSD showing how to determine a Key Candle and the associated Key Candle Zones.

Chart 1 attached shows a "strong" candle at a major swing low, and in this case... the confirmation is that the price continued higher. The range of the "strong candle" becomes the Key Candle #1 Blue Zone, which is then projected forward in time. Also noted is a number of price rejections in the Key Candle #1 Blue Zone.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Chart 2 attached shows the continuation of Chart 1 and the Key Candle #1 Blue Zone. This chart also shows the following:

1. A false breakout of the Key Candle #1 Blue Zone. We know it is a false breakout because price did not continue lower (i.e. no confirmation occurred).

2. Price then drops below the Key Candle #1 Blue Zone and continues lower (i.e. confirmation a new Key Candle has been formed). In this case Key Candle #2 forms the Red Zone which is projected forward. Noted are multiple, downward price rejections of the Candle #2 Red Zone.

3. Price then rises above the Key Candle #2 Red Zone and continues higher (i.e. confirmation a new Key Candle has been formed). In this case Key Candle #3 forms the Green Zone which is projected forward. Noted are multiple, upward price rejections of the Candle #3 Green Zone.

4. Price then drops below the Key Candle #3 Green Zone and continues lower (i.e. confirmation a new Key Candle has been formed). In this case Key Candle #4 forms the Purple Zone which is projected forward. Noted are multiple, downward price rejections of the Candle #4 Purple Zone.

..... and onward this analysis goes in time to the current day.

Hope this helps.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #303 ---
The chart below is my current analysis of the EURUSD.

The Distribution zone (yellow) may also be called rotation, consolidation, range or equilibrium.  I happen to prefer the Wyckoff terminology, but that is just me.   On the chart the purple zones are broken key candle zones and the blue ones fresh key candle zones.   I am showing this on the 15 min TF, but some of the blue zones (especially the bigger candles) were drawn off 5 min candles (i.e. a lower timeframe).  I haven't really explored 1 min candles yet.

Comments welcome.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Hello pakeha,

a great pictorial summary of my video presentation, you have made a lot of effort, thank you very much for that. In the next few weeks it will be a matter of checking these regularities and adding further anomalies. The basis for this is based on invisible price zones that are repeatedly shifted up or down. First of all, I would identify the clear zones, which can also be checked through the price trend in the past, to what extent the price has reacted to the respective "invisible zone". Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #305 ---
EURUSD on Thursday and Friday

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

As promised, I would like to give you a little insight into what happened in EURUSD on Thursday and Friday from my point of view.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From October 11th to 19th the price was pushed up within a pullback. In the course of October 20th, some big players left their euro position. At point A from October 21st, I noticed that the dollar was massively collected. On October 25th at point B there was a stronger sell-off that brought more short traders into the market. At first there was an equilibrium over three days, where the dollar was initially collected. The fact that short traders continued to place themselves could be seen on October 27th as the big players started to buy the euro. Then the price was pushed up on October 28th by the short trader stops. The short traders whose stops were above point A and C were removed. At the high, the euro positions were closed and the price pushed down. Since a lot of longs were placed on the high, the stops caused a massive 150 pips drawdown.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A, we first see partial sales from the dollar and another collection campaign within the dollar. At Point B, the euro is collected more strongly. Then there was a small fake outbreak at Point C and the price was driven up. Shortly before the high, limit buy orders intercepted the downward price. The reason for this was to bring more long traders into the market. At Point E, the big players could only get out of their Euro position that they had previously collected at Point B. There was no time to buy a dollar here. The price was initially pushed down to Point F and there the dollar was collected again. You can also see again at Point G that the dollar was being collected here. Overall, that spoke in favor of another sale.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When I made this prediction at 12:11 p.m. on October 29, the background was as follows.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As early as 10:00 in the morning (Point A), the big players began with a massive purchase of the dollar. It continued at 3:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In fact, as expected, the price fell more sharply. The resistance zones we drew in earlier all worked perfectly. At 6:30 p.m., I finished my trade and posted one last chart where I had drawn another resistance zone at point B.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price ran exactly into this zone, only to then run up 30 pip again. As we know, these strong price movements are relatively rare and this is precisely why I am concentrating more on smaller movements with the key candles.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a daily chart in EURUSD. I am always very careful with long-term forecasts, as things can change in the relatively short term.

At the beginning of the corona pandemic, in February 2020 at Point A, there was a large gap of 188 pip that the big players really intended to close, as the dollar had previously been massively bought. Unfortunately, retailers were also convinced that this gap would now be closed. Within 2 days, the big players got out of their dollar position and took a long position. After that, the price was pushed up by 700 pip to Point B. Everyone was surprised that the gap was not closed. This gap closure (Point C) was then made up for immediately. At Point D there was a stronger euro purchase and the price was pushed up to Point E. Here too, as with Point F, the euro continued to be collected. Point G shows you a typical view when the big players get out of their euro position. After that, the price went down again. From my point of view, there are now two options for the price to keep rising in the long term. The price goes up to Point H, so the long traders, from the equilibrium of Point F, also removed,. The price trend at Point E looks as if most of the long traders have been eliminated, but of course I cannot say how many long traders are still there. In order to get these long traders out completely, the price would have to run into zone I. After that, the upward movement could continue. But that's pure speculation. It is important to look at the smaller time zones in the Bionic candle. So that very good predictions can be made, which will significantly increase your profit rate.

I wish you a nice Weekend

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Michael

Can you explain this chart setup please.

What type of candles? What timeframe? What indicator?

Thanks

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1635688287

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Thank you Michael , your remarks are as always super

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Hello Michael,

I'm following your Equilibrium thread quite long even most of the material you've posted is to advanced for my tiny brain.

But at least I get the bigger insight you want to convey to help other retail trader like me.

And yes, the bionic candle is a big arsenal you've given to identify sudden price direction in low time frame as I presume your intention as scalper.

I really appreciate your generousity to what you've done and share so far.

I can see and learn that you always hold your position within very short time to gain security and less exposure to loss.

In that spirit, isn't it better to discuss to identify the most possible chance of direction within low time frame, say M1 or M15?

IMHO, for most scalper, high time frame is not have big relevance with scalping as we, or you only take few pips per trade within few seconds or minutes.

As per your advise to see the action of bionic candle within very low time frame, 1 second or 5 tick for example - I can see very clear when (my assumption) big player come in to play.

Just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Hello pakeha, this is not an indicator, but real stock exchange data that has been transferred from a non-time-based view to an H4. This type of representation does not exist because I programmed it myself. I only used the diagram to explain roughly how the big players' collecting campaigns work. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Hello Ingo, I would be happy if this information helps you to work with the Bionic Candle in the long term. However, this will take a certain amount of time before you can derive concrete benefits from it. The reason for this lies in the structure of this candle, which tends to pursue the institutional approach, as the invisible price zones are identified, where the decisive stops for retailers are. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Hello Xperience,

thank you very much for your kind words. The fact that there are many things that you cannot understand is not due to the fact that your brain is too tiny or a lack of intelligence, but rather because people's Way of thinking are always different. Whereby I always emphasize that my method is only about my personal opinion and that I do not claim to be right. I may even be completely wrong, but I will not change my approach because I am successful with it.

Of course, I act in a very short time frame, but the larger time frames are also important to me. I would like to give you an example of this. If you drive a vehicle very fast at night and only have the low beam on, you will not see a dangerous curve until later than if you switched on the high beam. The big players are not on the move in short timeframes, as they sometimes carry out their collection campaigns over many hours. Imagine that you already know roughly how the price will go on a day. Then you can act much better in a short timeframe because you see the big picture.

The Bionic Candle was created precisely because we can reduce the invisible price zones from the larger time units to a smaller time frame. A larger unit of time shows more and more accurate data as it eliminates the noise of the market. You should always use this advantage. We will talk in great detail about how these zones are made smaller and how to work successfully even on a tickchart.

Since an H1 or M15 always provides more precise information than an M1, the easiest way to get to know the advantages of the Bionic Candle is in a higher time unit. The smaller the time unit, the more difficult it is to make concrete statements. No matter what you learn, you always start with the simplest things in order to understand a thing. Then the level of difficulty can be increased. First use the larger time frame e.g. M15 to understand the principle. If you are a professional there, you can increase your level of difficulty at any time. In our thread there are many traders who are just getting to know the Bionic Candle. Some who have known my blog: “Equilibrium, the key to success” for years, are much further with the Bionic Candle. For some traders this thread is too slow, for others who are new to it too fast. We also know that from our school days. I'm trying to strike a middle ground here to help both groups of traders. In addition, we want to work together here to discover further advantages of the Bionic Candle. For this we need a homogeneous level of knowledge and we have to achieve this together first. Unfortunately, that takes time.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Hello, now the exact entry is still missing

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Bionic Candle MT4, MT5, Tradingview

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Since I am repeatedly asked whether the Bionic Candle will also be available for Tradingview or the MT5, I have decided to deal with this topic in detail. Since it directly affects the Bionic Candle, this is important to me. However, I have put the post on my thread: Equilibrium, the key to success, because I want to use this thread here primarily for the big player strategies in combination with the Bionic Candle. If you work with the MT4 and that will be more than 85% of all traders, this post is not relevant. The remaining 15% are welcome, to use the link below.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post13767865

I would also like to ask each of you not to use this post as a future basis for discussion in this thread, as this will only trigger unnecessary discussions. Since it was basically about the Bionic candle, I only commented on it and gave my opinion. We will continue to deal with the Bionic Candle in this thread, as it brings the greatest benefit to the traders present here.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Ingo, there is a larger zone in the M15, but I don't know yet whether it will hold. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Hello Ingo, a quick update again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The zone at point A is of course relatively large in the M15.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I have made it a little smaller in M1 (Point A), but the zone with 14 pip would still be too big for me. The extension of zone B, which I marked on Friday, would even have worked.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the M1, I have now gone back a bit in the past and tried to mark the two strongest zones in black. The first zone worked, we'll see if the second zone works. I usually work with a tick chart in this area, but on Friday I worked without tick chat, so I cannot access these zones. I hope this helps you further.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Template for the Bionic Candle

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

As promised, you will receive the first template for the Bionic Candle today. In addition to the Bionic Candle, I have added two more auxiliary indicators that I will now explain in more detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First you will find the Bionic Indicator (Point A) again, which uses the template to automatically adjust the colors of the Bionic Candle. The auxiliary indicator at Point B shows you where you are currently in the market. It was developed by a very creative programmer and trader CJA and gives you an excellent overview of where you are currently in the market. Of course, the indicator can do a lot more. The auxiliary indicator at Point C was developed by me, just like the Bionic Candle. This indicator basically only shows the size of the respective pullbacks in each candle. Why is that important?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Perhaps you still remember that the smaller a pullback in the Bionics candle, the greater the respective candle strength. Depending on how small the bionic candles are on your chart, you may not be able to distinguish the sizes of certain pullbacks immediately.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A you can see three candles, with their respective pullbacks. In this enlarged view, of course, it is easy to find out that these pullbacks are the same size. In the chart, the bionic candle is often smaller and then it is often difficult to differentiate between the pullbacks. Simply pull this indicator up and you can see which pullback is larger or smaller. At point B you can now see that the pullbacks are the same size.

Simply pack the three indicators supplied in the “Indicators” folder and the Bionics template number 1 in your “Templates” subfolder. Then this template calls up and everything should work.

I wish you continued success.

Best regards Michael

Attached File(s)   Bionic Template.zip

121 KB
|
1,111 downloads

--- 帖子 #318 ---
New update

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

I consider it very positive that this blog has been quiet at the moment, as many of you are now dealing with the Bionic Candle, drawing in zones and training. Here is a little update about the last few days.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From October 25th to 27th we see how the price at points A, B and C is repeatedly rejected. This resulted in the key candle at Point D on October 28th. We have already drawn this zone in my last posts. On October 29th, the price at Point E reacted briefly and then broke the zone. This resulted in a new key candle at Point F.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This new zone turned the price down a few times on November 1st and 2nd. At Point G we see how the price has been turned up again and again. I made the key candle at Point H smaller in the M1. The price has reacted twice and has broken through Zone H at Point I. This resulted in a new key zone (Point J) which responded accordingly on November 2nd at 10:00 a.m.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Yesterday I made a new template available to you, where I posted another help indicator. In principle, this indicator only shows the decisive pullbacks in the Bionic candle. Of course, you can get further, very interesting information from this indicator, which I will make available to you in the form of a video. I'll see if I can upload this important information by tomorrow.

PS: Exactly above zone F there is another key zone that could deflect the price more sharply downwards.

I wish you continued success with the Bionic candle.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Hi Bionics,

If you have, can you give us the mt5 version of BionicCandle indicator, thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
im not sure what you saying, even here in ff you see, that tradingview is mor common.

also the design and architecture of tradingview is state of the art. Mt is a plattform for stealing money. You see it on all the fake brokers.

go to the forum of mq und start a discussion about brokers, this will be canceld.

tradingview look that the brokers are serious.

and as long you not a algo trader, that is the plattform you should choose.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Hello Celal, the Bionic Candle is currently only available for the MT4. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Michael,

I can't quite understand why the candle at Point F is the new Key-Candle. I thought a Key-Candle has to broke a former swing high and low.

We had a strong yellow candle which I marked as a new Zone to the right (but missed the entrys at Point F).

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Hello T2W, first of all, welcome to our blog. It is perfectly normal for zone creation to be a little tricky at the beginning. Please have a look at my last video: "Work with the bionic candle"

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

There you will find my detailed explanations, of how I draw the zones.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Hello Michael,

thank's for the advice. I found the mistake, it's very well explained in this video, starts at 06:10 min.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Pullback in the Bionic candle

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Actually I wanted to produce a video for this post, but then decided against it because I can explain it better with pictures.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

While the normal candle chart consists of three different structures (2 wicks & 1 body), the bionic candle is made up of two bodies.

Point A

In the case of a bullish candle, the price starts at the open, runs to the low, then to the high and back to the close. This process takes place in 85% of the cases, whereby the price of course moves in zig-zag lines. It is noticeable that the Bionic candle pays no attention to the open, although the open can of course also be made visible with the MT4.

Point B

With the bearish bionic candle, too, it initially looks as if the price is going from low to high and back to close. The pullback is the final decisive movement within a candle. For this reason, this pullback was highlighted in the Bionic candle. Although the open is the first movement within the candle, it is the furthest behind in terms of time after the candle has ended. Now some will argue that with the open one is able to identify possible gaps. This is not at all relevant to me, because if you look at a 4 tickchart you will find that there are many more gaps within an M1 candle that you cannot see at all due to the actual candle structure. And that's exactly why we will deal with the tick charts in more detail at a later point in time. As you have probably seen, I have highlighted the pullbacks in my charts in color, while the candle body is colored gray. This is simply because the pullback gives me significantly more information than the body of the candle itself. First of all, the size of the pullback determines the strength of the candle. The smaller the pullback, the stronger the candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we now compare the bullish candle A with candle B, we see a stronger bearish objection at candle B. Of course, you cannot read any information from the pullback of an individual candle as to whether the next candle will go up or down. But the more information that comes together within a short period of time, at similar price levels, the easier it is to make an assumption.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this chart, I put the pullbacks under a lot, and we just want to focus on that for now.

Point A

We see stronger bearish pullbacks on the high, after which the price moves down.

Point B

At the low we see stronger bullish pullbacks, after which the price moves up.

Point C

We see stronger bearish pullbacks on the high, after which the price moves down.

Point D

At the low we see stronger bullish pullbacks, after which the price moves up.

I could go on forever now, but maybe you will have a look for yourself, the points I have marked and how the price reacts to them. Now we come to the points in my histogram, which is an image of the pullbacks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point V

The price is going up and we can see that the further the price goes up, the stronger the bearish objections become. Shortly before the high, the bearish objections become stronger and stronger at tight price levels. That would be a sign for me to be a little more careful with long trades.

Point W

Here the same game only in reverse. The stronger the bullish objections get, the more cautious one should be about making another short trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the monthly chart of the EURUSD only with the pullbacks.

Basically, I would like to recommend that you do not trade on this information. However, the pullbacks are able to give you a better overview of the overall situation. Of course I have created another template for you so that you can implement this representation more easily.

I wish you a successful trading day and look forward to your feedback.

Kind regards Michael

Attached File(s)   Bionic Template Pullback.zip

121 KB
|
1,117 downloads

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #329 ---
[quote=T2W;13770033]Hello Michael, thank's for the advice. I found the mistake, it's very well explained in this video, starts at 06:10 min. /quote]

Hello TW2, I'm very happy and I keep my fingers crossed for you. Every trader has the problem of trading in a market that does not give him a clear view of where the price will go in the future. The secret lies in the invisible price levels of the big players, which are simply postponed. As a result, the required algorithms can be adapted relatively easily to the new market situation and do not require any complex programming. The Bionic Candle was developed to identify these invisible price levels. What seems easy at first glance takes some practice. I wish you every success and we look forward to your feedback. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

also from my side, a warm welcome to all of you in this blog. Michael asked me a few weeks ago if I would like to participate as CO moderator in his biggest project at Forex Factory. At first I was a little reluctant, as I have no blog experience yet, but more in the area of the bionic candle. At this point I would like to introduce myself first.

My name is Wolfgang, I come from Germany and I am 48 years old. I started trading in 2017. First I traded stocks and then switched to the futures market. I've known Michael for a few years before I figured out what trading approaches he was pursuing. Since I was only making losses (and not a little) I wanted to find out more about it. Through him I got to know the Forex market and annoyed him for weeks that he supports me. As a mentor, he helped me over 300 hours via Skype, TeamViewer and Zoom, which finally brought me to breakeven after a year. I am not in the profit yet, but I am not losing any more and one of the main reasons for this can clearly be traced back to the Bionic candle.

I still do trading on a part-time basis, so unfortunately I don't have the time to deal more intensively with the market. Still, my goal is to make a living from it within 1-2 years. I also only trade the EURUSD and work with a similar workplace and strategy as Michael. That is why I am very pleased that we are bringing our experience together here. I firmly believe that we can all benefit from it in ways we can't even imagine right now. I'm very proud to be here, but give me some time here to familiarize myself.

Kind regards Wolfgang

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Hi Wolfgang and welcome aboard.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Hello wolfgang, thank you for your explanation and I look forward to hearing about your experiences.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Hello lemercenaire, thanks for the warm welcome. I am also happy to be here. Kind regards Wolfgang

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Hello Ingo, everything is still new to me here, but I'm also looking forward to a great exchange of experiences. Greetings from Bavaria

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Welcome Wolfgang!

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hello Jeff59FX, thank you very much for that.

Kind regards Wolfgang

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a small update from the M15. In this upward movement at Point A, the shorts traders were initially taken out. Then the course ran into our created resistance zone. In the following sequence of movements to Point B, the short traders were again extremely removed from the market yesterday. So there were some good opportunities for a short trade today. The resistance zone at Point C has been approached exactly, and a pullback is currently taking place again. At the moment, massive bids are still being collected, from which one can conclude that the price will continue to decline in the medium term.

I wish you a successful trading day.

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Hi Micheal

I cannot see how your bionic candles create a better view than ordinary japanese candles

Even the key candle blue and yellow are marking to many areas to be of use tbh

This can be less confusing marking these ares without your bionic candles i think

TL

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Hello Tradelive, first of all thank you for your assessment after a total of 7 days. I myself have been working with the Bionic candle for over 3 years and have not yet found out all the information and advantages. That is why we have started a project here to get to know the Bionic Candle better together. The candle charts have been around since the 16th century and it is clear that they have a big head start. As I have already emphasized a few times in my blog, the bionic candle is initially a big change compared to the candle charts, which requires sensitivity, the will to succeed and of course perseverance. Of course, this changeover cannot be implemented within seven days, especially if you worked differently many years earlier. Of course, I accept if you are not able to cope with this candle at all, and I thank you very much for showing your willingness to participate in this project. But that doesn't mean that the Bionic candle doesn't work, just that it doesn't work for you. And that's perfectly fine, as every trader should always use whatever they can best survey the market with. There are also many people who cannot cope with the DoM or the T&S, even though other traders are trading with it profitably. I wish you continued success in the future and thank you again for your valuable time. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My assessment of 14:11 yesterday at noon that the price will go down again has been fulfilled with 45 pip, but I had not drawn the zone correctly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A, we see the price turned sharply upwards. The key candle at Point B took out this strong movement and would therefore have been the right zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the M5, this assessment would have been easier and clearer. This is simply due to the fact that the candles are formed randomly based on the time and of course there is a better overview in smaller time units. This can always lead to misinterpretations. The bionic candle is not a Holy Grail, because if it were, the stock market would no longer work in the future. But it can help us to find more entry points, as well as the optimal exit. I would also recommend at the beginning not to make the mistake of focusing exclusively on the Bionic candle. Since you don't know the candle yet, there are many mistakes, which ultimately leads to frustration. Let the bionic candle run in your chart and draw your zones along the way. This will show you, how the Bionic candle works and you will also find further entry points.

I wish you a successful trading day.

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #342 ---
The first page of this thread looks well written and quite articulate. I will go through it over the weekend and I hope to find wonderful nuggets. Good work, Michael. Subscribed.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Hello Mitiblotch, first of all, welcome to our thread and thank you for your first rating. The bionic candle is of course not a holy grail, but if you deal with it intensively, you can use it to plan more precise entry and exit zones in the future. I keep my fingers crossed for you and all participants here look forward to your feedback. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Important for everyone

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Since this thread is in English, I have my 6 introductory videos spoken in English on the first page of this thread. I know that there are errors in the YouTube translation in your local language. I have now summarized the text of the 6 videos on 14 pages especially for you and saved it as a PDF. The text is in German, but it might be easier for you to translate this text into your national language.

I hope that helps you.

Greetings Michael

Attached File(s)   Video 1-6.pdf

489 KB
|
624 downloads

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The zone I posted this morning at Point C ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

... actually stopped the price. The lower zone also worked.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the daily chart, the price has now reached a crucial zone again. He could possibly turn in the field marked blue, or he will break through this zone strongly. We will see it.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Here were probably again the big ones, first all SL shaved off at the top and then through the resistance, which then also holds now, right?

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Hello Ingo, to the left of your zone, in the Equilibrium, the big players bought the Dollar. I finished trading on Friday at 4:30 p.m.,and therefore don't know what the big players have bought in the limit area. I'll have a look at it by Monday at the latest, then I can tell you something about it. I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #349 ---
How the big players work

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

some have asked me where they can get more information on how the big players operate. To this end, I created a channel on YouTube 1 year ago, where we talk about exactly these points. What content you can expect there, can be found in my short video.

Inserted Video

To get to my channel here is the link:

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCb...zsD2soUtb0CTqA

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #350 ---
great!  but a pity for me is that youtube.com is forbidden in the country that i am. could you be kindly show us a pdf or word file for the related videos so that i can read at least? many thanks!

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Hello cinalex, you can find the text of the videos on my other blog. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

those of you who only work in the forex market without additional stock market data, of course, receive less information about what is happening in the market. But with the help of the Bionic Candle you can also see additional entries in the Forex market if you correctly identify the key candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

During the price of the day there were a total of 9 good entry opportunities in the M5, with a relatively low risk. Of course, you don't know beforehand whether the price will go through the drawn resistance zone, but with good money management and a corresponding stop loss, you still get a good profit ratio. If a price rises sharply, the question arises again and again, how far back does the pullback go, before the price turns again. This question can often not be answered exactly in the M1, because the candles are sometimes too big. The solution is a corresponding tickchart, which we will talk about this week. I wish you a nice evening. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Hello Michael, here is Rob,

you know me already from our phone calls and whatsapp.

I am very happy to take part in this project and I look forward to see how my trading can improve with the bionic candle.

When I compare my bionic chart with the one you have just posted, I see small differences in the candles e.g. the yellow ones.

I think this is because every broker provides slightly different prices.

You can see this in my uploaded picture.

Do you think this makes a huge differences in identifying the key candles?

best regards

Rob

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Hello Rob, welcome to our thread, I am glad that you are here. The difference in the candles is completely normal, as each broker uses different liquidity providers, which automatically lead to different prices. This is another advantage of the Bionic candle, you can identify these different pricing more quickly. In principle, this is not a disadvantage, as the premium brokers have different price settings that make a candle look different, but show exactly the same price levels on the high and low. A yellow candle only shows that the close took place on the high and the blue candle that the close took place on the low. Although this is the strongest candle, it does not always show a zone where a trend reversal is taking place. In my videos, on the first page of this thread, you will find some starting points to identify these trend reversals. There are two theories. After an equilibrium, a key candle breaks out of the range and the second theory is that the invisible price zones are shifted up or down by a new key candle. With the Bionic candle, these key candles can be identified more easily, but I am not yet sure when an invisible price zone will be completely dissolved by the big players. That's why we created this thread to share our experiences with each other. Unfortunately, I had less time in the last few days because I still had to optimize some VPS Linux servers in the area of my algorithm profiling. In the next few days we will talk about the tick charts, which will make it easier to identify the strongest price zones. I wish you every success and we look forward to your insights. Greetings to Berlin Michael

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Thank you Michael.

Regards

Lorne

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Good Morning everyone,

thanks Michael for your work and effort and this great thread. I'm following your work for quite some time now and I love your creative and forward thinking approach :-). Today I took a trade in the EURUSD M1, marked the zone and the price was perfectly rejected by it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But honestly I dont know the reason why - I'm looking at the charts and have a gut feeling, some kind of intuition (from watching the charts day by day?!), but for some time now I'm looking for the reason why this was a key candle. In the second screenshot you'll see what happend before and for me this key candle neither broke an Equilibrium nor did it shift by an old key candle. Am I missing something?!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Greetings from Germany

Jan

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Lorne, welcome to our place. The basic colors of the Bionic Candle are set on your chart, which you can change at any time in the settings. We are looking forward to your feedback. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Hello Jan, a warm welcome to you too and thank you for your compliment. On the first page I posted 6 videos that include extensive explanations. You will also find the German text in the form of a PDF file under these videos. I hope that this will help you. I am glad that you are there. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Advantages of the tick chart

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Before we start with the tick charts, I would like to first show you what possibilities arise with it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On November 4th, we see a small key candle at Point A that has stopped the falling price at Point B twice. After that, the price ran through this zone a few times as a fake breakout, but only the key candle at Point C was decisive because the price then continued to drop. At Point D we have now extended this key candle into the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We push the chart together a little and see that the price entered this zone on November 5th (at Point E) and then went down 50 pips. Basically this would have been a good trade, the problem was that this zone reached a size of 3.1 pip (Point F). Since I usually enter in the middle of such a zone and work with a stop of 1.5 pip, this trade would have worked without being stopped out. Nevertheless, this zone would have been too big for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's take a look at this first, strong downward movement on an 8 tick chart. In this movement, we see at point A, the strongest candle within this movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is exactly where we draw our key candle and see what happens in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We can see that the price will go exactly into this zone, on November 5th and then goes down. The big advantage, we have reduced our zone three times. Instead of 3.1 pip to just under 0.8 pip. If we reduce our stop by three times, our risk / reward ratio increases automatically by three times and at the same time we reduce the risk if we should be stopped. These are huge differences, especially in the area of our money management. In addition, it often happens that an M1 candle is relatively large.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We see a strong upward breakout candle on the M1 chart that was 12 pips in size. In the 128 tick chart we can already see that the strongest candle is getting a little smaller. The more we reduce this tick chart, the more it becomes clear where the strongest candle is in the chart. At point A we see the strongest candle within the M1 movement on an eight tick chart. We have thus located exactly the zone where the strongest movement has taken place. This allowed you to reduce your zone from 12 pip to 2.6 pip. When the price came down from above, it went up again in exactly this zone. What is the reason for that? In the strong movement in the 8 tick chart you can see from the strong candle that there were no long traders in the market at this point in time. These long traders did not enter the market until the upper equilibrium, after which the strong movement took place. In order to get these long traders out of the market, the big players only had to run into this zone, where no long traders came into the market at the time. In this case, the tick chart helped to shrink the zone by 4.6 times. And that is a significant improvement in the risk-reward ratio.

I hope that this information will help you and we will continue with the tick charts tomorrow.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Thank you Michael,

I've downloaded the current indicators and template.It certainly allows the videos and my charts to be in sync.

My 1st post was somewhat premature but your (2 threads) instruction has been very enlightening for me.

Onward and upward.

Regards

Lorne

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Hi Michael, thanks for your efforts. Definitely the tick chart can make the difference in trading I think. When I read it a minute ago it seems like all make sense to me. I’ll be easier to identify the key candle this way and reduce risk and therefore improve win ratio. But how can I configure my MT4 to actually show 8 tick charts? Is that possible?

thanks Michael

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Hello Lorne, when someone comes into a thread for the first time, it is completely normal that everything is something new and unfamiliar. One don't know what it's about and how the respective system works. For this reason I have created a kind of guide on the first page so that everyone can find their way around. I am happy if this introduction helped you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Hello pelud, thank you very much and welcome to our thread. The tickchart is a useful addition to the bionic candle, which is why we started this tickchart project yesterday. In the next few days, all of your questions will be answered as we go deeper into the tick charts and deal with them very intensively. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hey Michael and hello to the others :-)

yes, I watched them twice and I'm still learning and trying to figure it out while trading :-D.

Today I took that trade successfully:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My explanation: The price was rejected twice from the candle on the left with the turquoise zone. Then the Price broke through, got rejected and dropped from the key candle, where I marked the gray zone. Price entered that gray zone again, I entered with a tight stop and the price was rejected quickly and hit my tp.

Open to feedback anytime since I'm still learning :-).

Have a great trading day everyone!

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Bionic candle on the tick chart

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

As already announced, today we will deal more closely with the tick charts, which give us the opportunity to identify the invisible price zones of the big players even more precisely. First of all, a tick is nothing more than a price change, but we will now take a closer look at how a tick is created.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We see here on the left a DoM (deep of market), which basically shows the origin of the price movement. On the right side is the time and sales list that shows us the incoming market orders.

Point A

Here we see the price ladder in the DoM.

Point B

This is where the limit buy orders placed in the market are located, waiting for market sell orders to be activated.

Point C

Here we see the cumulative number of 10 levels of limit buy orders on the bid side. However, my stock market data feed allows me to see an unlimited number of limit levels.

Point D

On the ask page we see the cumulative number of ten levels of limit sell orders.

Point E

This is where the limit sell orders are in the market, waiting for a market buy order to be activated.

Point F

The price is currently at the Best Ask level at 1.10060.

Point G

At 10:00:18 a.m., 10 lot market buy orders enter the market.

Point H

These now appear on the Ask page in the DoM and fill the 30 Lot Limit Sell Orders. The customers who have placed these limit sell orders stand in a kind of queue in the cathedral. Whoever came first is also carried out first. This is a nice theory, but it is not entirely true, as certain big players in the queue have priority. However, that should not be the topic today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

First of all, we see that on the Limit Sell page 10 limit sell orders have been reduced because 10 lot market buy orders have entered there. There was no price change during this promotion because the promotion took place at the best ask price, where the price was already before.

Point B

At the same time we see that 10 lots have now been reduced in the area of limit sell orders. Of course, in spoofing by pulling or stacking, further orders can be added or removed at any time.

Point C

At the end we see that there are no more market buy orders on the ask side.

Point D

2 seconds later, 10 Lot Market Sell Orders enter the market.

Point E

These appear in the DoM and fill the limit buy orders at Point G.

Point F

At the same time, the price jumps from the best ask page to the best bid page. However, at this moment the best ask price is still at 1.10060. Although 10 lot market buy orders and 10 lot market sell orders have just entered the market, there was only a tad of movement as the price fell from level 1.10060 to level 1.10055. So you realize that a tick change has nothing to do with the number of volume. It is important to know that the individual market orders that enter the time and sales list are processed one after the other. As a rule, the price only fluctuates between the best ask and best bid price until a limit level is reduced. Then the price jumps over the Best Ask or Best Bid level.

Attached Image

Here you can once again see examples of different price changes and the process in the DoM in my animated gif for you. I understand that most forex participants do not have this information, but these basics are important in understanding how a tick is created. Unfortunately we only have 9 different time units in MT4, of which a scalper has to get the most out of an M1 or M5 candle. This is a relatively large range that provides very little information, especially in the short term. In addition, the information within an M1 is very poor and not very meaningful. With a tick chart we have the chance to break down the prices of the forex market better, which most traders who work in a normal time chart cannot see. This makes it easier, especially as a scalper, to identify resistance zones more efficiently and quickly. In addition, we can optimize and change our time units in ticks within the tick chart at any time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the picture we are comparing the EURUSD H4 with the EURUSD on a 16384 tick chart. The main advantage of a tick chart is the resolution of the individual candles. When volatility is low, fewer candles are formed. With a high volatility, significantly more candles are formed, which simplifies the overview and the drawing of resistances. So if little happens in the market, there are fewer candles. If there are strong movements in the market, more candles are formed in the tick chart, which means that the strong movements can be analyzed in more detail. In the event of an outbreak, a strong candle in the M1 will be of no use to you. With a tick chart, you can even get 30 candles instead of one candle and thus better identify the crucial resistances.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We see an M1 chart in EURUSD. 17 candles are formed within 17 minutes. For a scalper, this is relatively little information with which he can actually do nothig.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We now create a 64-tick chart and get 25 instead of 17 candles over the same period. That is already 50% more information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

42 candles are already created in a 32 tickchart. That's 150% more information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The 16 tick chart already shows 92 candles within 17 minutes. The moving average EMA 200 is much more accurate than in the M1. Personally, I do not work with an MA, the information is only intended as an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For me, the T08 is the smallest unit of time within a tick chart that you can still work with. While 17 candles are displayed in the M1, the T 08 already shows 187 candles. That's 11 times more information. This information is much more meaningful to a scalper and makes it easier to create resistance zones. If the volatility in the morning is still very low, you can work well with a T08. If the volatility rises sharply in the afternoon, you can relatively easily increase the number of ticks displayed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the difference between M1 and T08. As a scalper, I work most of the time in the tick chart with the T08, T16, T32, T64, T128, T256 and T512. With one click, I can double or halve the tick units without leaving or changing the offline chart. To get a bigger overview, it is no problem to switch to higher tick units like the T16384. In combination with the Bionic candle, I can determine resistance zones relatively easily, and also reduce them. A tick is caused by a price change in Forex, which means that I am closer to the actual resistance zones with a tick chart than with any other unit of time. The disadvantage is that a tickchart is not time-oriented like the M1. However, I don't care about time or price. In the forex market, I focus on my keycandle resistance zones. This information should first bring you closer to the advantages of a tickchart. Tomorrow we will talk about how you can integrate such a tickchart into your MT4, what differences there are between different providers and what you should pay attention to. If the information helped you, I look forward to your feedback.

I wish you all the best for today

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Thank you for the knowledge. I really need to increase the size of my monitors,

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Different tick charts with the Bionic candle

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

In the last few years I have worked with different tick charts. I would now like to show you the results in detail. A tick chart only runs in offline mode in MT4, which means that a corresponding indicator fetches the tick data from the respective broker and emulates a new chart from it. There are free tick charts at Forex Factory that also work perfectly. The problem with creating a tick chart is to first determine the tick size, for example 8 ticks. Then you create a new chart in offline mode, which now shows us these 8 tick candles. Then you can insert the Bionic candle and work with it. However, the candles only start to be displayed at the moment when this offline chart is called up. With that you don't see any candles in the past, of course. Another problem is that you only see the 8 tick candles in this offline chart. Switching to another tick unit is not possible. Now you could emulate different tick charts, but this puts a massive strain on the MT4, depending on how many millions of candles are stored. Another disadvantage, if you have drawn several resistance zones on a tick chart and now call up a new chart, you can no longer see these zones. At least that was the case a few years ago, I don't know whether there are already other tick charts at Forex Factory. For this reason, I tested and tried out different, chargeable tick charts at the time. In the end, there were two paid versions that I would like to share my experience about. However, I would like to emphasize at this point that I do not want to advertise any of these tick charts and that I will not receive any money for this information. I'm not in the commercial field, only trader. It is also possible that there are far better tick charts, but at the time I had to make a decision to choose a tick chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the end, I had a choice between Rainwoods and OVO. Each of these tick charts has advantages and disadvantages and I will try to describe how these tick charts are set up. Basically, you can say that both tick charts achieved equally good results.

Rainwoods Tick chart

The indicator costs $ 59 for an unlimited license, but there is no description of whether there is a limitation on the trading account and whether this license can be run on different computers. There is also no demo version, which means you have to start with the paid version immediately. The installation was a little more complicated than with the OVO. When you call up the indicator, you had to enter two previously sent passwords within 30 seconds, otherwise the indicator would close again. The selection of the tick data is much better than with the OVO, you can load tick data without history, generate tick data from the M1 and download tick data from a third party. It is not explained which third party provider is involved. Depending on the period of the tick data, this download may take some time. A 60 tick chart of the last 2 weeks took a total of 5:47 minutes on a 100 Mbit line at the weekend. Unfortunately, the third-party tick data was not as accurate as my broker's tick data, which tarnished the advantage a bit. The tick charts can be displayed directly below the M1 chart and / or in the offline chart. A clear advantage over OVO, but changing to a different tick size is very cumbersome and takes longer than with the OVO. Likewise, installing a second tick chart on the same screen is very confusing and complicated. The performance suffers significantly when multiple charts are open. Interesting: There are many additional tools that are not available at OVO. All indicators can be used in the offline chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

OVO tick chart

There is a demo version that you can try for free for 2 weeks, then an unlimited license costs 49 US dollars. This license is for 3 Windows accounts and there is no limit to the number of open windows within these accounts. In theory, if you split the three accounts, 3 merchants could pay $ 16 to access it. There is a free indicator that optimizes the offline chart. The tick data is generated from the broker's data; unfortunately, third-party tick data does not exist. If you call up the tick chart in the morning, there are sometimes candles of the same size in previous courses that look like a Renko chart. We also noticed this with Rainwood, but you can also download the data from the third party there to work around this problem. As soon as the tick chart starts to run, the tick data is drawn correctly on the Rainwood and OVO. The decisive factor here, however, is which tick data your broker delivers. With the free Omnia Remote indicator you can change the number of ticks in the offline chart very quickly. With one click the number of ticks doubles, whereby you can also set any value. Installing a second tick chart on the same screen is much easier than with the Rainwood. Performance in OVO does not suffer when multiple charts are open.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

An average day in EURUSD contains around 92,160 ticks. On average, that's 64 ticks per minute. If you were to convert the known time units from M1 to MN into ticks, this would result in 15,360 ticks for the 4 hour chart, for example. Entering these numbers over and over again was very stressful for me. There is a little trick here, though. In the remote control from OVO there is an arrow to the right and left of the specified number. If you press the right arrow, the number of entered numbers is doubled and if you press the left arrow, the value shown there is halved. If you now start with the value 4 and keep pressing the right arrow, you get very close to the known time units. In the right table you can see the number of ticks and the time units translated for them. However, we have to be aware that we are saying goodbye to time-based units with a tickchart. Accordingly, the time units known to us are no longer so decisive there.

Conclusion

Both indicators generate very good tick charts, although there were differences here too. However, it cannot be determined which indicator is ahead, as there is no precise reference value. The Rainwood offers a third party tick data, if you have a broker that offers insufficient data, the Rainwood is the first choice. On the other hand, handling the OVO is easier and the performance suffers significantly less. That's why I chose the OVO, although it cannot be said that it is better than the Rainwood. Both indicators have their strengths and weaknesses. It's like Mercedes and BMW, both are excellent vehicles, but I chose the Mercedes because for me it offers more advantages than the BMW. Nevertheless, the BMW is the first choice for many others. It is crucial that one product offers you more advantages than another. A big advantage for OVO is that you can test it for 2 weeks free of charge. If you don't find an advantage then you haven't lost any money. I once made an interesting experiment with the OVO tick chart. I wanted to display the first 24 Fibonacci numbers from 1 to 75025 as 24 different tick charts in one chart image and see how that affects my performance. The basis was my bionic chart and another indicator. There were no problems with that.

Inserted Video

You can find the test here

In an online chart, you can also emulate a seconds chart in MT4. It doesn't matter whether you want to display a 5 or 8 seconds chart. The disadvantage of a seconds chart is again time-based (the best information is always obtained in non-time-based charts) and if you draw resistance zones, you cannot change the time unit to make the zones smaller. In addition, a tick chart shows the crucial strong zones more clearly. Here you can find a test between a 10 seconds chart and a 12 tick chart.

Inserted Video

In order to use the tick charts efficiently, I work with a VPS server on which my tick charts run 24 hours a day. This means that I do not need any data from a third party, but can work with the exact tick data from my broker. VPS servers with Windows cost four times as much as a VPS server with Linux. Linux is much faster, which is proven by the fact that 50% of all Microsoft servers run on Linux. If you want to work with a Linux server, you need special knowledge when setting up the server. It is also not very easy for a layperson to get the MT4 up and running under Linux. The server should have at least 6-8 vCPU cores, 16-32 GB RAM, an NVMe storage unit, and a fast connection. However, this is only my personal requirement. A little tip on the side: Find a professional hoster for your VPS server who has experience with traders. You now have to decide for yourself, which Tick Chat is best for you. You can find the providers via Google.

I hope that I was able to help you a little and keep my fingers crossed for you.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Hello Jan,

First of all, I am pleased that you have already achieved your first successes with the Bionic candle. As you know: every beginning is known to be difficult.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Your second, gray resistance zone that you have drawn in (Point A) was not yet completely correct, you would probably have been stopped there. The key candle was exactly at point B, because at point C the price was pushed up more strongly. The line was crossed twice, but the candle at Point B was decisive because the price then went down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, I recommend that you get an overview in an M15 or M5. There the key candle is in zone A.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the whole thing again greatly enlarged. How do you manage to identify the return at point B? First you keep the M5 zone at Point A and switch to the M1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now you draw in the M1, the identified, reduced key candle and this creates a black zone. When the preis got into this zone, you would have had a good entry. Of course, you can't always know exactly whether the course is turning there, but trading is always about probabilities. With the Bionic candle you can improve these probabilities in your favor. I hope that helps you a bit.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Hello cinalex ,I am glad that the information helps you. The subject of monitors is indeed a very important point that every trader should think about. A larger screen area saves a lot of time because some charts don't have to be switched or called up all the time. As a result, you can recognize many more things in a shorter time that are often decisive for trading. In addition, TV sets that provide sufficient reaction times for trading are often significantly cheaper. In the HDMI range with 75Hz and 5ms response time, 1sqm screen area as a monitor costs around € 750. A TV with 4K, 60Hz and 7ms response time, on the other hand, costs only € 450 per square meter. But, the TV has a significantly better 4k resolution. In addition, with fewer monitors, less load is placed on the graphics card or fewer graphics cards are required. The biggest advantage, however, is that you can see the most important information on a single point on a large screen area. All of my friends who have switched to a larger screen would never switch back to a smaller screen. Since nowadays as a customer one have a four-week right of withdrawal from the sales contract, you can even try out risk-free whether you can cope with a larger screen area. I wish you a successful trading day. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Attached Image
Effective use of time

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Every participant who takes part in this thread has of course only a limited amount of time, because of his main job, trading, his family and other obligations. It can happen that you miss important articles or information. For this reason, I have summarized all the important information on the first page, which is of course regularly updated. In order not to miss anything, take a look at the first page from time to time, there you will definitely find many things that will help you in your daily activities. Nevertheless, I would also pay attention to the contributions in the thread, as I give individual tips and information there to the individual participants.

I wish you continued success.

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #373 ---
You must be pretty deft on a keyboard Michael,it would take me hours to tap out what you appear to be doing in minutes

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Hello watsone, it looks like this, I can type on the keyboard quite quickly, but I make it a lot easier for myself. I use my iPhone to dictate the text, it's much faster than one can write. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to do it in such a short time. It's similar with my videos, it took me 20 hours for my first video on YouTube, now it is dictated, produced and edited in 3 hours. Of course, it can be done faster, but the quality shouldn't suffer as a result. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I posted this chart on November 5th at 4:30 p.m., and assumed that the price would run into my drawn zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The current status currently looks like this. This zone has been reached, but the big players are still buying the dollar. This suggests that the price will continue to decline.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, there is a small problem with this, because we still have a few Short traders in the market and I am not entirely sure whether they will still be taken out. Thus, the price could be pushed into zone A or even zone B again before it goes further down. We will see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are the possible relevant zones in the M15.

Good luck in trading today

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally, a short update. At 1:27 p.m. today at noon I posted the following resistance zones M15.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First there was a fake breakout downwards (Point A) and then the shortraders were taken out (Point B). The price ran exactly into my previously defined resistance zone and back again. The rate is currently in an equilibrium and the dollar is still being collected. I'm curious whether more short traders will be pulled out of the market or whether the price will move further down on Monday.

I wish you all a nice weekend greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #377 ---
I have followed your main thread religiously for awhile. It is so nice to see you here !

I will try my best to contribute. I already scalp the 1min, like you. Will look at how the bionic candles work as I trade. Who knows, maybe I will observe something useful to this thread's objectives.

Cheers mate and thanks a million for your dedication !

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Hello mtako, thank you very much, I'm also happy that you found this thread and that you are participating here. Please read my article on the first page, you will find all the current information. Good luck and I keep my fingers crossed for you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Good Morning Michael,

thanks for the very detailed analysis - makes a lot of sense! To be honest I have seen that key candle by my self after I posted here and analysed why the price went higher than I expected and then I saw this little Key Candle that broke the resistence. Afterwards many things are getting clearer haha so a lot to learn! But this Thread and your Videos are helping a lot :-).

A great weekend to everyone!

Jan

--- 帖子 #381 ---
New video

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

I have decided to publish my previous information, which I shared on my German YouTube channel, in English-language videos. The first video is already online and you can watch it here.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Hello everyone, in the lower area there is still a week of resistance, which he has also slightly tested on

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Then I made 2 trades, resistance 1 was broken with force and then also tested with short pressure from below, this was my first trade and the 2 resistance then also started with pressure. Pulled the resistors out of the m1

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Hello Ingo, it works very well for you with the graphics that have been created. A little tip: if you draw the zones in a very dark blue, you can see the colors of the Bionic candle more clearly. You can set the colors individually. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Double your chances of winning

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

I had a bit of time, so the next video is already here.

Since my videos always revolve around the Bionic Candle, I have been asked by some traders, to post these English videos here as well. Therefore I will gladly comply with this request and inform you as soon as another video is translated.

Double your chances of winning

In this video I will show you how you can double the probability of winning in the Forex market and which market offers the highest level of security. In addition, you will receive an overview of why algorithms traders have the greatest opportunities in the future. We'll look at some interesting examples of this.

Inserted Video

Have fun watching

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #387 ---
My pip/min strategy

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

the third english video is already here. Since I do my trades in a very narrow range, I have been approached by many traders about how to calculate their risk. At first, scalping is described as very risky and expensive, but that is a big mistake that we will talk about today. In doing so, I developed a decisive factor: the pip per minute strategy. We'll look at some interesting examples of this.

Inserted Video

Have fun watching

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

after the big players collected massive bids last week, the consequence was noticeable today. As suspected, the price went up again and there was a fake breakout above my zone .  At point A, came many long traders in the market. Due to the stops triggered, the price could be brought down significantly. On the way down, the big players got out of the dollar more strongly. I'm going to watch this again during the days. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #389 ---
4 weeks Bionic Candle

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

I started this thread 5 weeks ago and the new Bionic Chart indicator has been available for 4 weeks and has already been downloaded over 1,300 times.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Likewise, my very elaborately created videos have been viewed over 7,500 times. That shows a lot of interest, which I'm very happy about. I have also posted a lot of additional information such as the tickcharts that you have to set up first. As you can see, even though this is just a candle chart, the process is far from easy. Of course, it takes a while to get used to the new chart and to be able to identify the right key candles. Nevertheless, I am interested in your experiences in dealing with the Bionic candle. If you feel like it, tell us about your experiences, because the goal of this thread is that all participants participate.

The advantage of the bionic candle is that it makes it easier to identify the key candles that show the big players' invisible price zones. It is precisely there that there are always trend changes in the price. I would be interested in the extent to which you can already specifically identify these zones and what experiences you have had with them. The bionic candle is not a holy grail, but it can increase our chances of winning if a trader knows how to work with it. I myself know many advantages of the Bionic candle, because I have been working with it for many years. However, there are still many things that are still unclear and that is precisely why we are looking forward to an exchange.

A great day to everyone!

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Trade with your ears

Hello dear traders,

the next English video is already online. It's about the requirements of a trader's workstation, why the sounds are four times faster than the charts, neuroscience in brain research and even body language. Today I will show and prove to you exactly why the knowledge of these things is crucial for algorithmic trading. I wish you much fun.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #391 ---
The biggest Big Player,

Today's video is about the question of how to determine your optimal currency pair in the Forex market. There are different approaches that you have to consider in order to significantly increase your probability of winning in the end. In addition, we look at the balance sheets in EURUSD and what sales the big players produce. We'll look at some interesting examples of this.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

VPS Server Tickchart Linux Windows

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the advantages of the tick chart in order to penetrate deeper into the market and to determine better resistance zones from it. It is also ineffective to run your own server for the tickcharts, so let's take a look at the VPS servers from Microsoft and Linux. There are massive differences in speed and even price differences of up to 500%. In this video we will find out what exactly to look out for and which alternatives are the best.

https://youtu.be/VutJ0kuxbl0

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #392 ---
VPS Server Tickchart Linux Windows

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the advantages of the tick chart in order to penetrate deeper into the market and to determine better resistance zones from it. It is also ineffective to run your own server for the tickcharts, so let's take a look at the VPS servers from Microsoft and Linux. There are massive differences in speed and even price differences of up to 500%. In this video we will find out what exactly to look out for and which alternatives are the best.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #393 ---
High frequency traders

Hello dear traders,

Today's video is about the approach of high frequency traders, how the big players differ from high frequency traders and how we can protect ourselves from them. We'll look at some interesting examples of this.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Hello Michael,

in the M1 Bionic Chart it is not possible for me to go more in the past like 16.09.2021.

How is it possible to increase the amount of candles?

best regards

Rob

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Hi Rob, here is a guide on how to download more data in EURUSD.

Inserted Video

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Unfair Big Player strategies

Hello dear traders,

Today's video is about the strategies of the big players. Among other things, we look at the extreme imbalance between big players and retail traders, why limit orders influence the market more than market orders, the three main strategies of big players and the impact of algorithms on market events. At the end is important, how to use this information for our advantage. We'll look at some interesting examples of this.

Inserted Video

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Important information about the Bionic Candle

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Six weeks ago I started to publish my various findings that I have gathered about the Bionic candle over the past few years. This then resulted in a real rush to this new approach. After four weeks, things got a little quieter on this blog. In addition, I then posted some videos about the procedure of the big players, which at first glance have nothing to do with the Bionic candle. I would like to share a few important things about that today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The following situation is sure to sound familiar to all of us. As a trading beginner, you are looking for decision-making aids to help you get in or out. These can be individual indicators or even complete setups. First we analyze whether this strategy is suitable for us. If the indicator convinces us, let's install it on our chart. The mere fact that we download and install the indicator shows that we are enthusiastic and believe in it. Now you start to work with the indicator and you realize relatively quickly that it is more difficult than you initially assumed. Now comes the phase of disillusionment. The next thing you realize is that the indicator is not delivering what you expected it to be at the beginning. At some point you realize that this indicator cannot predict the future either and you start looking for a new and better way.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, that is not surprising when you know who you are actually trading against in this market. The big players are a professional football team, for example Real Madrid, who train 8-10 hours a day on the field. We retail traders, on the other hand, are a village team that meets once a week to play with each other. In addition, many traders combine the indicators they have already used from the past with the new indicator. However, these are mostly different approaches that are not that easy to combine with one another. You don't drive with snow chains on summer tires either.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Personally, I have been working with the Bionic candle for over 5000 hours and at the beginning I didn't know myself whether this candle could actually help me. Everyone who learns something first goes through the four levels of competence development.

First there is the unconscious incompetence. You don't know that you don't know or can't do something. A six-year-old child sitting in his father's car is unaware that he cannot drive this vehicle himself.

Then comes the conscious incompetence, i.e. I become aware that I don't know or cannot do something. The twelve-year-old, who is sitting in the front of the car next to his father, is aware that he cannot drive this vehicle himself.

The unconscious competence shows the person that he can and knows something. An 18-year-old learner driver is gradually learning how to use the vehicle. At the beginning he has a bit of a problem with the request, inside mirror, outside mirror, look over the shoulder and only then set blinkers.

The conscious competence means that the knowledge and ability is integrated and runs automatically. A 24-year-old driver who has already covered a few 100,000 km sometimes does not know how he made his daily commute to work or home because he was talking to his passenger or listening to music.

And you go through these individual competence levels with the Bionic Candle and of course you need a certain amount of time for this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A driver who blindly follows his navigation system ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

... may calculated up with a nasty surprise. We mustn't believe that we just put a bionic candle in our chart, draw a few zones and can earn some 1000 € with it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course, the bionic candle is an unbeatable instrument, but only if I can understand how the big players work and see exactly what phase these big players are currently in. The right decisions can then be made from this. But just drawing a few zones on the bionic chart will not produce the results you were hoping for. For this very reason, it is important to understand how the big players operate in EURUSD. And since I've been working in EURUSD for over 11 years, I can of course only talk about this currency pair. The procedure in the other ASSETS is partly completely different because there are significantly smaller big players at work.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In addition to the approach of the big players, there are also many other aspects that accelerate individual success. There are so many things to consider when it comes to money management alone. These are often just small things that have a big impact. At first glance, it looks very simple if you draw a resistance zone on the chart and the price actually reacts there. However, it is important to know that the price does not react because we have drawn a zone, but rather the price reacts because of this special situation. And this situation has to do with how the big players work and proceed. For this reason, it is first of all important to understand why the big players do this and what goals they want to achieve with them. The Bionic candle has the clear advantage that it is able to make the invisible price zones of the big players visible. However, if you don't know exactly what phase the big players are in, even the best invisible price zones are of no use. This is precisely why it is important to take a closer look at the approach taken by the big players. I can only emphasize that the Bionic candle is just a small piece of the puzzle for me. Of course, it helps me to identify the crucial zones, but as a scalper I would never derive a trading decision from them. To do this, I need real stock market data that give me a deeper market insight. Of course, the Bionic Candle can significantly increase the probability of a forex trader, working without stock market data. But in the end it is not a holy grail, although it is the fastest indicator in the chart as a price display. As a trader, you always have to decide which puzzle pieces are important to you. And possibly the Bionic candle could become one of these pieces of the puzzle for you in the future.

I wish you continued success in trading

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Hi Michael, I would like to thank you for your bionic candles. I know you wanted them used on EUR/USD but I have been using them on indices on 1min charts and find them fantastic. So thank you for all your hard work. I wish you continued success also.

Regards, Baz

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Hello Bazi, welcome to our thread and thank you for your statement. I am glad that the Bionic candle helps you. Basically you can use the Bionic candle in all forex markets, but the highest probability of winning is achieved in markets that provide a high level of liquidity on the limit side. A high level of liquidity means that the bionic candle are drawn more clearly and the zones can be identified more precisely. But basically it works in all markets. The reason why we only present examples in EURUSD in this thread is only because the key candles are the easiest to identify. This means that the learning effect is highest. Once one have understood bionic candle, you will be able to trade more successfully with it in other markets. All the best for the future. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #401 ---
The big players' secret price zones

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

My latest video is about the invisible price zones that the big players regularly create. With the Bionic Candle, these secret price zones can be identified and even drawn on the chart. In the video I show some examples in the chart of how the big players work and how they regularly mislead us retailers.

Inserted Video

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Comparison Stocks, Forex and Futures

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Today's post is about the difference between speculating and investing, how best to invest in stocks, why the Forex market is the most profitable market in the world and what my projects for 2021 look like. As always, the contributions are my personal opinion, which of course could clearly stand out from other opinions. The different opinions on the stock exchange are responsible for the fact that trading can take place at all. In this respect, different views are good for traders who have the right nose at the crucial moment.

Inserted Video

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #403 ---
The invisible price zones of the big players

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

As we have already established, the big players regularly create invisible price zones in order to enforce their strategies. These invisible zones have to do indirectly with the algorithms that always appear in similar sequences. This makes programming easier when creating new price zones. The new video was extracted from my German video and translated into English. Here you can see how you can use the Bionic candle to identify these invisible price zones and draw them in the chart. I would be happy if this information helps you. I am looking forward to your feedback.

Inserted Video

I wish you all the best in retail this week

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Hello Michael, I'm just starting to work through the thread. Is there German text for the other videos after the first 6? The German translation in the YouTube videos is sometimes pretty bad.

Thanks for your great work

Greetings Helmut

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Hi Helmut,

look at Michael`s other thread there you find a lot of videos in German language.
The Equilibrium, a key to success! | Forex Factory

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Servus Michael

Thks. for the first class free lessons. Totally agree with the Big Player´s  dominance of the market, and the need to find a way to read their footprint to trade accordingly, and not the other way, feeding the whale.

Question: how do you handle the absurd "Verlustverrechnung bei Termingeschäften", for CFD´s forex trading in Germany, and the 20K limit on deductible losses?

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Hello Helmut,

here you can find my German YouTube channel.

https://www.youtube.com/BionicsForexAlgorithmen

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Hello cuchuflito,

First of all, thank you very much for your compliment and welcome to our thread. The secret lies in a high profit rate, which ensures that the range between trading income and trading loss is as far apart as possible.

Here is the video and a table to download:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post13362504

Greetings Michael

This can be achieved with the Bionic Candle !!!

--- 帖子 #409 ---
The secret of the Bionic Candle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

A candle is made out of price and time. Time is a fixed factor while the price is variable, which is why a candle is always created randomly. This means that there are no clear pattern sequences within the candles, so that the candle formations are only created by chance. A trader should always base his trading approach on high probabilities and not coincidences. The big players are the only traders who move big markets. They work with algorithms that make it easier for them to control individual market and limit orders. These algorithms are very complex to program because they have to ensure communication between the individual order types. There are algorithms that search the market for certain abnormalities, e.g. hidden stops, and there are algorithms that trigger certain trading strategies. In the event of a breakout, market orders are shot into the market and at the same time the limit orders that would hold up the own market orders are withdrawn. In order not to have to program new algorithms every day, the internal processes within the algorithms remain. For this, the big players in the market create invisible price zones that are simply shifted depending on the situation. This means that the algorithms are only shifted to a different price level and can continue to follow their programming.

The Bionic Candle was developed precisely for this and indirectly follows this institutional trading approach. This makes it easier to identify these invisible price zones of the big players and to determine possible trend reversals with a higher probability. The Bionic Candle shows the candle strength more precisely than the candle charts and unclear prices are better represented. This also saves a considerable amount of time. By making the invisible price zones visible, clear entry and exit points can now be fixed in the chart beforehand. These invisible price zones can be reduced significantly in the tick chart, thereby reducing your stop loss, increasing the CRV and reducing your risk at the same time. You can also do without many indicators, as they only follow the price chart and are therefore slower. This means that you are distracted even less and the screen is not unnecessarily cluttered. Those who identify the invisible price zones of the big players have a clear trading advantage over most market participants. That alone is a good reason to take a closer look at the Bionic Candle. On the first page of this thread you will find 7 videos where the advantages of the Bionic Candle are discussed in practice within 1 hour. You can then decide whether the Bionic Candle will also benefit you.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

I wish you all a successful trading day.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #410 ---
ERUSD 15 today:

--- 帖子 #411 ---
"I had a choice between Rainwoods and OVO."

I bought the OVO period converter a while ago, very useful and cheap for 2 machines.
Tick charts: very interesting, I am digesting, for now, the key candle and zone creating.

Thanks again, Michael.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Took this long trade this morning (red arrow) once it reached the first zone (turquoise line), I moved my stop to BE, and got stopped out.

In this case, the blue bearish bionic candle warned me of the bear move, I could have closed the trade with more than an R profit.

Lesson learned, once a level is reached and you get a strong bionic candle against you, get out. I am starting to see the usefulness of "Bionic".

--- 帖子 #413 ---
My last year´s trading was based on using Stop Runs as potential entry levels, then adding other filters and triggers.

The challenge was spotting the right levels. These "bionic candles' hidden levels" give me a whole new perspective and accuracy.

Thanks again Michael, very useful!

--- 帖子 #414 ---
These last two posts are great - show perfectly that hey, Bionic Candles are not the Holy Grail but yes, they can brilliantly enhance an existing concept and help build a rock-solid method.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Hello cuchuflito,

I am very happy that the Bionic Candle helps you in retail. I am even more pleased that you are sharing your experiences here so that others can also benefit from it. Working with the Bionic Candle is initially a great challenge, as we are only concentrating on one candle that is represented differently. Many people are initially unfamiliar with this, as they used several indicators beforehand. But the advantage is that the chart is tidier and you can now focus your senses much better on the decisive factors. When I developed the Bionic candle, I couldn't do much with it at the beginning and I even ignored it for a while. But when I realized what I had developed, that changed suddenly. The Bionic Candle is a wolf in sheep's clothing but you have to put in a little effort to discover the wolf.

I keep my fingers crossed for you to discover this wolf and I am happy if all trader share their experiences with us.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #416 ---
This is an interesting comment Michael and for me, it brings up an interesting (I hope) question.

That is: If we are concentrating on using this ''one candle'' as our key, why do we need the others represented at all? Would this not be even more viable as an indicator by only printing the key candle, making all others invisible. Price, as the important part of the equation would be represented by a line graph.

So, in total on screen, you'd have the key candle when it appeared, with its extended zone and the price line. That's it. Nothing more.

Just my musings. I'd use it though!

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Hello Lem, I absolutely agree with you. With the Bionic Candle, traders no longer have to rely on chance in the future. I used to look like crazy for indicators that would show me a clear trend reversal. When I was developing the Bionic Candle, I only realized later that this is exactly the indicator I have always been looking for. Only that the Bionic candle doesn't look like a typical indicator. The secret lies in the invisible price zones, which are always shifted to different price levels due to the algorithms that cannot be changed regularly. You will not find this information in books and even most traders in the banks will not notice it, as they only have to process smaller orders. In any case, only the chief advisors who are responsible for these traders have a big overview. Anyone who works exclusively with the Bionic candle is automatically forced to take a closer look at the approach of the big players. Of course, the Bionic candle can make these invisible price zones visible, but the big secret is knowing exactly how the players are work. Once you have internalized this knowledge, it is as if stadium lighting is switched on in a dark room. Of course, you need a few special additional modules from the stock market for this, but whoever wants to drive Formula 1 later has to prove that he can get around corners quickly with a kart. In this respect, the Bionic candle indirectly forces us to deal with the approach of the big players. And that's the only secret that will make a trader successful in the long run. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Oh I get it - I know what you are trying to do here, to use the Bionic Candle and its Zone as a scratch in the surface of frosted glass to allow us to see behind the surface layer.

Playing Devil's Advocate here though, there is however, an instinct for a car driver (to stretch your analogy, lol) to opt for a car with an automatic transmission. I don't need to know what happens under the hood when I push my right foot down, I simply need to know that if I press the right one, it goes and the left one, it stops.

Ultimately we are wanting to get from A to B as efficiently as possible, or make money by trading efficiently also, there is always time for those who desire, to do their own deep dive research in their down time.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Hello Lem, you are right when one only work with forex data in the forex market. But I am a hybrid trader who uses the stock market data to make trading decisions in the forex market. Of course, I work with the invisible price zones of the big players, which I determine with the Bionic candle. But for me that's only a small part of my overall approach. The invisible price zones show me where something can happen. The algorithms show me when I have to get in within this bionic zone and my pip value per minute when I have to get out again. In addition, I still work with special limit orders that show me exactly at which price level the bid or ask is collected. However, this has nothing to do with indicators, as I only work with the Bionic candle on my forex chart. My approach is designed to get as deep into the eye of the tornado as possible. But that would overwhelm the bionic approach. First of all, it is important for a trader to identify the turning points through the invisible price zones. Those who master this can then use stock market data to penetrate deeper into the eye of the tornado in order to further optimize their probability of winning. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Tomorrow is non-farm employment news, at 2,30 pm Central Eu time.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hi Lem, my real goal with regard to the Bionic Candle is relatively simple. In the last 3 years after developing the Bionic candle, I have discovered some things that I think are sensational. But I believe this is just the tip of the iceberg. I was ready to share my knowledge with the background that together we would find out more advantages about the Bionic candle than I would have been able to do on my own. These shared insights could bring me more long-term benefits than if I had kept my knowledge to myself. Because let's face it, why should I share a huge market advantage without benefiting from it? I'm ready to share, but I'm not doing this for free. Here in the forex market, it's not about money, but about the willingness of people to share their knowledge about the bionic candle. The Bionic candle has been downloaded some 1000 times, I am curious to what extent these traders are willing to share their knowledge in this thread. The bionic candle is just a small piece of the puzzle of the knowledge that I have acquired over the past few years. I will only pass this knowledge on if something comes from the other side. Perhaps, We will be surprised. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #424 ---
It's a great project, Michael and it's been a blast travelling the road with you since you began. Now looking forward to seeing what comes round the corner next.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
One has to pray for miracles, but work hard for changes

Hello Lem,

Almost 2.5 years ago this was your first post on my blog.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have to say that this is one of the most original and in depth threads on FF. The sheer amount of information available here for free is staggering. The fact that traders are then able to pick and choose the aspects that are of use to them directly is purely a bonus! I have no idea if you will be able to sustain this level of knowledge transfer without burning out but for now, well done and long may it last.

You are a very constructive and friendly person, with a high emotional quotient, have a very wide range of knowledge and know about Forex Factory better than I do, because you have a deeper insight into what is happening. In addition, you are very committed and post 10 times more content than me per month. I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your many great contributions and ideas, which stimulate thought and can make a difference. I am happy that my ideas will help you too and that you can use them to develop further concepts for yourself.

The most important thing in trading is a kind of consistency that a trader needs to be successful. I've always been a very short-term trader and my strategy is in equilibrium, because that's where the big players collect ask or bids, which determines the future course of the price. That's why my first blog is also called: Equilibrium, the key to success. The idea for the Bionic Candle came up in 2014 and so did one of my first posts here at FF. The reason I signed up on this platform was because of the great contributions from Hanover, who is over 15 years at FF.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post10631955

10 months later I published the Bionic Candle because Georg (Swingman), a brilliant programmer, was kind enough to support me. At the same time, I was doing my master's in Java to better understand the structure of indicators. To date, the Bionic Candle has been downloaded over 10,000 times in total, but I had the feeling that most of them didn't even know what the potential was.

So for the last three years I have walked the path on my own for the first time and have dealt very intensively with the Bionic candle. In my newly created blog, I have now summarized my collected findings to show the advantages of the Bionic candle. The problem with this is that many traders expect immediate success. If this success does not occur, then the indicator or product is useless. Let's stay with the issue of consistency that I just mentioned.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side we see the Bionic Candle 2019 and on the right side the Bionic Candle 2021. The basic principle of the Bionic Candle has been preserved as before. With the new candle we are only able to look a little deeper into the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side we see my future screen from 2019 and on the right side my future screen from 2021. I still follow the same principle, but I am able today, to look much deeper into the eye of the tornado. To an outside observer, it may look like I'm constantly changing my strategies, but the only thing I actually change is the point of view. The basic elements are all retained, only the sieve is getting finer and finer in order to find all the gold.

Updated Bionic Candle

I have also readjusted the Bionic candle in the last few weeks. There is one very important aspect that I will go into in more detail over the next few days. Of course I will also make this new bionic candle available to all traders here free of charge. That means I have always followed the same approach, as I have done for many years. The only thing that changes is the angle of view in order to be as close as possible to the eye of the tornado.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It's similar with the VW Golf, of course the VW golf looks a little different today than it did then, but it also has four wheels, can drive forwards and backwards and has a steering wheel. The principle of the car has also remained the same here and I also pursue exactly the same concept within my trading strategies.

Many thanks again for your great contributions, I wish you continued success and look forward to more ideas.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Are there patterns in the candles?

Hello dear Traders,

In today's video, you will learn how to protect yourself from the big players. We check whether there are clear pattern sequences in the price and I am introducing a new candle that brings you significantly more information, while at the same time saving 33% in time. First of all, thank you very much for all of your private feedback that has reached me. I am very happy that the information helps you and that you can optimize and improve your probability of winning. In the last few weeks there have been more and more inquiries about how I have optimized my approach over the past few years. I would like to go into that.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success and tomorrow the next video will start.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #427 ---
2.5 years! Time flies when you're having fun for sure, eh?! Glad to have been some small part of the equation.

Onwards and Upwards!

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Good morning. Took 2 trades yesterday:

EURUSD5

-1 small loss.

-1 with almost 3 R profit, which I closed 15 minutes before the non-farm news.

Bionic Stop Run works.

One thing I noticed a long time ago with EURUSD, is that often the Big Boys run Stops twice. My feeling is that they already realized some retailers are using SR levels, and they program their algos to wash and rinse the weak hands twice.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
After the non - farm wash bar (45 pips to slaughter as many as possible, so much for long-time traders!)

Then the market in the 5-minute bar continued down and turned up at 5.30 PM . I was done for the week, but could not figure out the reason for the turn.

So I went up to the D,W, nothing...but looking at the Monthly bar bingo, there it was.

Have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Multiple stop hunting

Hello Cuchuflito,

Thank you for your experience report, I am pleased that the Bionc candle helps you in retail and the first successes can already be seen. The fact that the stops are run several times from time to time has the following background. If fewer stops are triggered in the event of a downward stop than the algorithms have previously identified, it is likely that there are currently more long traders than short traders in the market. In order to rule out this factor, the market is first slowly driven upwards and then followed by a second stophunting downwards. This ensures that there are as few long traders as possible in the market at this point in time. Since the market then goes up for a longer period of time, this should prevent as few long traders as possible from benefiting from a longer upward movement from the low. The bionic candle has the clear advantage that you can actually identify every turning point in the chart with it. For a beginner it is not easy at first, but whoever deals with it for a long time is also able to predict these turning points in the future with a high probability.

I wish you continued success in trading

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Laptop or Desktop PC, which is better?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks I have been asked again and again whether it is better to use a PC or laptop for trading and which operating system is the best. These questions are not easy to answer at first, as there are different decision criteria that we will look at in detail. Many mistakes can arise if the order of the decision criteria is not followed. And that is exactly what can cost a lot of time and money in the end. Nowadays, especially for young people, the issue of mobility is a decisive factor that contributes greatly to independence. Unfortunately, however, trading mobility has some weaknesses that we need to talk about. We will take a close look at the different aspects, weigh up all the advantages and disadvantages so that you can make a decision that is satisfactory for you in the end.

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed that you will soon reach your breakeven point.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Important announcement Bionic Candle 6.0

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

In the last few weeks I have implemented some ideas that have led to an upgrade of the Bionic candle. This is about an important aspect that has received little or no attention in the market up to now. This idea will bring you a lot of new knowledge in connection with the Bionic candle. On Monday I will write a very detailed article on this, of course with the new Bionic Candle 6.0 and some interesting templates.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Find the fastest broker

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Today's post is about the differences between Forex brokers and how you can individually find the best broker for you. We also shed light on criteria that are normally not taken into account. As I have already shown in my previous videos, I essentially only use the forex data to process a trade. The decisive advantage lies in the incredibly high level of security that a forex broker offers in relation to the future market. However, we will also look at the dangers that some forex brokers pose. There are still too many black sheep in this industry who take advantage of their hegemony over retail traders. Those who are familiar with this matter can quickly protect themselves against fraud or manipulation.

Inserted Video

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Bionic Candle 6.0
Bullish and Bearish Doji

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

In the last few weeks you have had your first experience with the new Bionic candle and I have received many positive responses from you. For that I would like to take this opportunity to thank you very much. In today's post I will introduce you to the Bionic Candle 6.0, the innovations there and at the same time show you the various possibilities the Bionic Candle offers.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The updated version of the Bionic Candle is primarily about the dojis. In normal day-to-day business, the dojis are given relatively little attention. On the one hand, this is due to the fact that the open is identical to the close, so there is no candle body and the representation in the chart only consists of two lines. In the Bionic Chart, the Dojis are now differentiated between bullish and bearish. This distinction does not yet exist, as a Doji is always a neutral movement and the open and the close are on the same price line. First, let's ask what a doji says. Well, in this case, there is uncertainty in the market. Of course, this uncertainty is accidental, as we know that a candle is formed out of price and time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So far this uncertainty has received less attention in the market, for this reason the bearish and bullish doji have now been added to the Bionic candle. A dark red candle (Bearish Doji) appears in the Bionic Chart when the distance from Close to Low is further away than the distance from Close to High. Likewise, a dark green candle (Bullish Doji) arises if the distance from close to high is further away than the distance from close to low. Let's take a look at this in practice.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically, we can first of all assume that significantly more dojis will arise in the M1 than in the M5 or M15. At point A we see an upward movement and recognize here a clear dominance of the bullish dojis. In the subsequent downward movement, at point B, the dominance of the bearish dojis has an advantage. At point C, the bearish dojis also have an advantage. In the subsequent upward movement, at point D, there are no other dojis apart from the bullish dojis. From my point of view, it is difficult to predict the future course of the course from the number of dojis that will arise. However, I have already discovered an abnormality that could help us in the future. Significantly more dojis arise within an equilibrium than in a clear upward or downward movement. With this the dojis could help us to identify an equilibrium earlier. We will definitely find out together over the next few weeks and months whether this is actually the case.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Bionic candle is very variable in its different settings. In this illustration you can see the Bionic Move Candle. When the close is above the open, the candle is drawn in green and when the close is below the open, the candle is drawn in red. Except for the doji, which we talked about earlier. This representation shows the main movement of each candle, whereby you can of course also display the open and close via the MT4 chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see a candlestick where the bullish movements (Ask) are compared with the bearish movements (Bid). It should be noted that this ask and bid display has nothing to do with the future market and only relates to the calculation of the Bionic candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Only the bullish movements within the Bionic candle are shown here. In an upward movement it is the distance from low to close, in a downward movement likewise.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Only the bearish movements within the Bionic candle are shown here. The upward and downward movements are basically the distance from high to close.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What can you do with this information?

Inserted Video

It gets interesting when you put two different charts next to each other in a tick or seconds chart. In the video, the price initially went down, where you can see exactly that the bearish movements have a clear advantage. A small equilibrium arose, with the bullish and bearish movements being equally strong. After that, the price went up, with the bullish movements having a clear advantage. You will also find a template, from a post from November 2018. Please note that you have to use the new Bionic candle 6.0 there.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post11653168

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the end you get a template, with gray neutral candles, where only the strongest movements are highlighted. The strongest movement in a bearish candle occurs when the close occurs on the low. The strongest movement in a bullish candle occurs when the close occurs on the high. In the last chart below, only the bullish and bearish dojis are highlighted. The views are of course more interesting in a tick or seconds chart. At the end of the article you will find the respective templates with the new Bionic candle 6.0.

Summary

Using the examples, you can see that the Bionic candle is very flexible in its presentation, as you can highlight different movement sequences. It should be noted that the candle is still the fastest indicator on the chart. Now it is entirely up to you to find out which of these representations is best for you. Due to the special display of the Bionic candle, it is much clearer than a normal candle chart. And it is even able to better represent unclear price zones. Please note that so far we have only talked about the Bionic candle without adding any further indicators. Depending on the representation, you will only get more information with this candle than if you work with many different indicators. Working with the Bionic candle is like having a new car that you drive for the first time. It inevitably takes a while to get used to it. But once you have discovered the advantages for yourself, you will no longer give up the Bionic candle.

Inserted Video

Here is the corresponding video!

The current bionic indicator with the latest templates can be found on the first page!

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

I keep my fingers crossed that you will achieved all of your goals that you have set yourself and I look forward to your feedback.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Bless you for all the hard work putting into make Trading interesting, and simple for us ...

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Hello ShanA, thank you very much for your kind words, I would be very happy if this information helps you with your daily trading. As soon as the first usable feedback from the participants comes, we will go a little deeper into the Bionic Candle with interesting auxiliary indicators. I wish you a successful trading week. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Michael, I am a quiet lurker in many forex forums and I speak very rarely (I have a rule that if I have nothing interesting to say, I remain silent).

I must admit that I am very intrigued by the concepts you describe on the forum and in the movies, the issues you describe are very close to me:

- years ago I experimented with charts modifying them so that I could see upside and downside candles separately

- I was wondering about the possibilities of "hearing" the price movement, hoping that there was a kind of harmony in it

- I became sure that price movements are either random or intentionally controlled, so that we believe that we can predict the next move, that we believe that knowing the patterns will give us an advantage on the market - today I know that there is just an industry of primitive tinsels

... I can mention this endlessly, but I will stop at the fact that I am glad that you share your knowledge and experience and I will follow this thread (and recordings) with great care (your descriptions of the mechanics of the price movement are very interesting).

I wish you successes!

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Hello NecTemere,

first of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your encouragement. I absolutely agree with you that there are no clear patterns in the price, in the candles, or in the indicators. The price arises exclusively from the fact that the market orders run into the limit orders and are processed one after the other. However, we do not have this information in the forex market. Also in the Bionic candle you cannot identify any clear patterns from which a future price forecast can be derived. However, due to the structure of the bionic candle, we are able to identify the invisible price zones of the big players. These invisible price zones play a major role in the area of algorithms, as they are only shifted to other price zones in order not to be permanently reprogrammed. In principle, one can assume that price movements take place in a deliberately controlled manner when the big player has to intervene. When a big player has collected a certain number of ask or bids, he will defend that position until it is in the profit. In this respect, it can be assumed that price movements will only take place in a controlled manner if they do not meet the goals of the big players. Since we know that we retail traders are not able to move the market and that only twelve big players are 85% dominating the EURUSD, so I can rule out a random price movement for myself. However, this only applies as long as these big big players are in the market to build up positions, to defend them or to bring them to a profit. For this reason, I am only active in the market when these big players act.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and I wish you every success.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Tick Chart + Bionic Candle = Top RRR

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

In today's post I want to show you how you can triple your risk / reward ratio with the help of the bionic candle and the tick chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On Monday, December 6th, 2021 at 0:00 a.m., a strong key candle with a size of 5.1 pip was created and the price went down until 9:00 a.m. With the start of the London Open, the price then slowly rose again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price peaked at around 11:28 a.m., running right into our previously drawn resistance zone. After that, the price moved 14 pip down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You could enter the M1Chart in the middle of this resistance zone, but would have only entered the market 0.7 pip later due to the spread. In addition, the stop must been placed above the resistance line. The stop would have reached a size of 4 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 16 tick chart (T16) one would have been able to reduce this resistance zone to 4 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are in T 08 here and with this setting we could have reduced the zone to 2.1 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In T 04 the zone could be reduced to a total of 1 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the yellow arrow we see the strongest movement, within the downward movement and thus the resistance zone could have been reduced to 0.5 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the price trend at 11:28 a.m. within the T08, the price zone was hit exactly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price zone was also hit in the reduced T02, but it is difficult to say whether you would have got into the market there. Since the price structures in T02 are not always clear, I prefer to work in T 08 or T04.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this case, I would have had a stop of 4 pip and a spread of 0.7 pip in the M1. So the risk was 4.7 pip and the profit was 10 pip. This corresponds to a risk / reward ratio of 2.13 within approx. 15 minutes. With T04, the stop would have been 1.5 pip plus a spread of 0.7 pip, resulting in an overall risk of 2.2 pip. As a result, the achievable profit would have been 12.5 pips, which results in a risk / reward ratio of 5.68. Since you would have got into the position better in T04, the pip value per minute would also have improved. The M1 trader would probably have been in the market 3-4 minutes longer than the T04 trader and would have won € 2.13 with a risk of € 1. The T04 Trader not only earned a better pip value per minute, but also earned € 5.68 with a € 1 risk. Both traders trade the same downward movement and yet the T04 trader has a 2.5 times better risk / reward ratio. And that's exactly why you should deal more with the tick charts. I have written some detailed articles about this, which you can find here.

Bionic candle on the tick chart

Different tick charts with the Bionic candle

I wish you a successful trading day

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Bionic Candle 6.0

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Just for information, the Bionic Candle has received an upgrade and is now available. Here is the article on it:

Bionic Candle 6.0

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...9#post13812939

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #444 ---
The legendary trader Larry Williams did some research not too long ago on Forex retail traders.

Besides the known fact that the majority lose money consistently, he discovered their losing trades, on average, are much bigger than the winning ones.

To reverse that tendency is key to success, thus the value of Michael´s post on M1 versus tick charts.

All the best.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Probabilities

Hello cuchuflito, in fact, money management is essentially what determines a trader's success. Since successful trading is only a question of probabilities, sooner or later every trader should grapple with these probabilities. For those who would like to take a closer look at money management and probabilities, I recommend the following articles, which I have published on my blog: "The Equilibrium, a key to success". There we also talk about the tick charts.

Increase our hourly dare?
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post12478232

How do I optimize my strategy?
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post12357981

Probabilities of winning with stop loss
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...0#post12741750

I wish you continued success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #446 ---
That is excellent work on probabilities and stats. Michael.

Gave me some new ideas. All my last 3 days were profitable day- trading EURUSD and USDJPY. Today's first trade was a winner. I still use my system, but reading all these posts of yours gave me a lot of extremely valuable information. Thanks again.

Your approach reminds me again of Larry Williams, he once made a million out of 10000 in one year. Simple guy, no university studies his father was a carpenter. But Larry works hard on statistics and probabilities.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Hello cuchuflito, thats great. This shows once again that when you deal intensively with something, success often comes faster than you expected. Successful trading is a chain of different applications, including good money management.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In principle, good money management is like a pit stop in Formula 1. A strategic and quick pit stop could often make a decisive difference in a Formula 1 race.

All the best for the future

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Plus, going by your picture, a bad one can set your profits on fire, lol.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
That's exactly what I wanted to express

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Good morning, I have been watching some Bionics videos on youtube. Awesome stuff!

My take:

-Big Boys pretty much do whatever they want, i.e. systematically extract money from retailers and weaker Big Boys.

-Big Boys Limit Orders are the key.

-Spotting those give us (small boys and girls), the chance to exploit that edge, and piggy bagging with the Big Boys for a profit.

-Stop Runs and key bars are the clue. Stop runs and subsequent Big Boys limit orders  usually happen at the obvious retailer "protective stop " areas.

Please Micheal correct me if I am wrong, to my understanding mastering the above could be an effective retailer edge.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Hello cuchuflito, I agree with you, whoever can see exactly what the big players are collecting already has an advantage. But then you still don't know when, the push up or down will begin. That's why I'm trying to read the algorithms to hit this crucial point. But that is anything but easy and unfortunately not possible without stock market data. But first of all I recommend interpreting the Bionic Candle correctly, so that the most important turning points are identified. With the tickchart, these zones can be made smaller again so that the stop can be significantly reduced. This alone increases the RRR and the probability of winning enormously. If all of this works, we can happily go a step further. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #452 ---
I havent taken the time to go through the awesome stuff you have shared, even though I promised to do so. And this is because I am currently trading from a tablet.  Anything that gives me a headstart is welcome so bionics is quite good. I think adding a sentiment indicator might help to know when things might turn.

So when you see what the big movers are collecting and see when retail and small institutions are skewed to the opposite side like, say 60 to 30 or 70 to 30 percent, you can take the side of the big movers, which is usually the smaller ratio. And this is after proper analysis of resistance and support and liquidity areas.

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Hello Mitiblotch, I understand that well, because it is not easy to trade  with a tablet. The quickest information is obtained from the candles, which show a trader exactly what the big players are doing. Personally, I use the stock market data as a kind of mood barometer, as they lead me deep into the interior of the cathedral. In the forex market, currency strength would be an alternative, but the data is often too slow. The advantage of the Bionic candle is that you can go far into the past to draw zones there. You can see the result immediately. If you've been wrong, you just look where the mistake was. This is the quickest way to get to know the Bionic candle. Nevertheless, I recommend you to watch the videos on the first page, because a video is worth more than 10,000 words. I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Strategic auxiliary indicators

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Time flies by, another week is over and Christmas is not far away. Next week we're going to talk about some interesting auxiliary indicators to help you work with the Bionic Candle. In this respect, the next week will also be exciting and I would be happy if you gets closer to your goal. Tomorrow morning at 9:00 am my new video will appear on Youtube, where we will talk about my strategy in the area of algorithms and of course also about the Bionic candle.

https://www.youtube.com/BionicsForexAlgorithmen

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I wish you a great weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Hi Michael,

Thank you for all your hard work.

I thought you may like the attached to read when you have a spare few minutes.

Regards

lorne

Attached File(s)   Racecar engineering F1.pdf

9.3 MB
|
467 downloads

--- 帖子 #456 ---
My strategy in trading

Hello dear bionic traders,

in today's post I will show you my approach to trading and how I combine the data from the forex market and future market. I coordinate chart technology, technical analysis and fundamental analysis, as well as trading algorithms, so that a clear structure emerges for me. We also take a look at the measures I use to identify the invisible price zones of the big players in advance. All of these factors intermesh in order to achieve a positive market advantage. This makes it possible to place trades in regions where only very few are trading at this point in time.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun and a quiet weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Hybrid trader, the future in trading

Hello Bionic Trader,

in today's post I will show you how you can triple your probability of winning with significantly less risk. You will also need significantly less capital in the future and can achieve higher profit rates at the same time. At first sight this sounds too good to be true, but it also requires some changes in trading. And change is exactly the magic word that many traders don't like to hear because it initially brings with it uncertainty. But I promise you some interesting approaches. In the last three years I have combined the Forex market with the Future market and this resulted in the Hybrid Trader, who uses the advantages of both markets and at the same time reduces the disadvantages of the individual markets. We will take a closer look at the advantages and disadvantages in this article.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week of trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hi Michael, thanks again, great video.

The question, (hopefully, not too much to ask), which broker do you use to trade?

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Hello cuchuflito,

thank you very much for your kind words. First of all, I am registered as a professional trader who can trade well over 1:30 in Germany with leverage. Therefore I have some perks that are not available to most traders as there are only 3% professional traders in Germany. So my recommendation, unfortunately, would not be applicable to most traders. In addition, here at Forex Factory I would like to hold back with advertising for brokers. In my video you will find a lot of tips to find the best broker for you.

Inserted Video

I hope that I can help you a little

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Hi Michael, thanks for your advice.

"Professional" trader means through a GMBH? Or simply  Gewerblich als "Pro  Trader " angemeldet?

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Hello cuchuflito,

this has nothing to do with a GmbH or a company, the decisive factor here is your financial background, your trading turnover and your education. According to ESMA regulations, you can only trade Forex EURUSD with a leverage of 1:30. As a professional trader, there are no longer any statutory leverage requirements. The broker first checks whether you meet the following criteria.

A private customer can be classified as a professional customer upon request or by specification of the investment services enterprise. The classification can only be changed if the private customer fulfills at least two of the three following criteria:

On the market on which the financial instruments for which he is to be classified as a professional customer are traded, the customer has carried out an average of ten transactions of considerable size per quarter during the past year.

The customer has bank balances and financial instruments worth more than 500,000 euros.

The customer has worked on the capital market for at least one year, which requires knowledge of the relevant transactions, securities services and ancillary securities services.

To prove the € 500,000, of course, debt-free properties also count.

I hope this helps you.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Hey Michael,

I have watched your recent video where do you show how to draw your zones by idetentifying the key candle and I just wanted to check if I understood everything right

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So the little candle on the let the price bounce twice, but once it was broken the candle with the light blue zone was identified as the new key candle. It held once and then the price broke through it but was rejected twice. The new candle is now the candle with the grey zone because it broke the old key candle (light blue) and wasn't taken out.

Thanks for your thread and your all the work you put into it! :-)

Greetings

Jan

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Jan, thank you very much. Basically there is no right or wrong, because to draw the Bionic candle, your personal interpretation of the Big Player approach must be taken into account. By the time you created your zone, the big players wanted retailers to believe that the price would keep going down even though they were planning to bring a pullback to the top. At around 11:10 a.m. (Point A), the course was pushed down again even more. At point B we see the key candle. That would have given you three interesting long entries by 5:00 p.m. My recommendation don't make it so difficult for you at the beginning and just choose the clear and easy zones. If you go back in time, you can train there and see immediately if your zones would have worked. I wish you a successful trading day, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Hi Michael

I trade for 20 years, which took me so long to break even, and  I am now profitable. I have a very short list of the best traders I know. You are first.

On top of that you share your know-how kindly, exhaustively and for free.

There is an old saying: "if you want to be rich, be generous".

I am swallowing all your youtube videos slowly by slowly.

One aspect I really like is your precision on risk management and opportunity.

I have a question/issue. I could not find a broker yet, with a "guaranteed negative balance protection".Mine gives me "some " guarantee.

Meaning, in the event of a black swan , like what happened with GBPUSD, and a few years before with USDCHF, how do you protect yourself, if your stops are not being honored?

The USDCHF drop as far as I remember was about 700 pips in a few minutes. Traders in FF were baffled, some ended up with huge debts, others who were sitting on the right side of the trade with a massive unrealized profit, just could not close their positions, only hours later, sometimes even with a loss. Brokers were saying they needed that money to cover up for the losses of the other traders. I mean a mess.

What is the point of making money in the market, and ending up losing

your house in a minute?

Anyway, thanks for all what you are doing Michael.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Black Swan

Hallo cuchuflito,

First of all, on the first sentence you wrote, I want to compliment you on your honesty. Over the past few years I've helped a few people break even. It always became clearer that you need at least 10,000 real money trades to break even. And breakeven does not mean that you will be profitable. The real learning only begins after the 10,000 trades. In this respect, it is ridiculous that many trading coaches promise their students to make them profitable after a few hours. A Trader can save the money and should rather invest in his technology. That it took you a long time to break even shows your persistence. Thank you again for the great compliments, I feel very honored. I am aware that the issue of risk liability is a very sensitive issue with brokers. For reasons of liability, this is precisely why I am holding back publicly from making a statement on this. The drowdown in EURCHF was even 2200 pip within 1 second. If the price goes down so quickly, there are no buyers for the long trader to buy their stops. With one lot that was a loss of € 22,000 within 1 second. All forex traders who trade with a leverage of 1:30 have guaranteed protection through the regulation of ESMA and cannot lose more than their invested capital. There is no such protection in the future market, so everyone should think twice about trading in this market. You can say what you want about the forex broker, but whoever has experienced such a situation will be happy to trade in the forex market. I will go into this in more detail in my next two videos!

I wish you continued success.

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Bionic candle Indicators

Hello dear Bionic Trader,

Actually, I wanted postet some indicator items this week that were intended to support the Bionic candle. Unfortunately, various project work prevented me from doing it, so I apologize. I will deal with it over the weekend so that you have the indicators available by next week at the latest.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #468 ---
"All forex traders who trade with a leverage of 1:30 have guaranteed protection through the regulation of ESMA and cannot lose more than their invested capital. "
Ok, that gives me tranquility, I thought I read that somewhere but was not sure...
You all have a great weekend!

--- 帖子 #469 ---
True Lies

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

In today's post: "True Lies" you will see how the big players deceive our eyes and we fall for them every day. Trading is a pure business of probabilities, so let's look at how we can use those probabilities to our advantage. We highlight some aspects that can help you in your daily trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #470 ---
New Indicators and Templates Bionic 6.1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

As promised, there is an update of various indicators with the corresponding templates today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bionic pullback

First of all, we have revised the Bionic Indicator 6.1 a little. Since I developed the bullish and bearish Doji especially for the Bionic candle, of course that balanced Doji (high-close == close-low) was missing. This is now displayed in white. Since the MT4 works with more decimal places than the currency pairs, there may be rounding differences in the Dojis. This means that a white Doji can sometimes be displayed in green or red. In the pullback template, the pullbacks are shown enlarged in the histogram. There are no dojis here. This representation is just a relief to see immediately which pullback is larger or smaller.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bionic histogram

Since the candles within a chart are always at different price levels, I have now developed the bionic histogram for you. All bullish candles are now side by side above the zero line and the bearish candles are below the zero line. This allows you to assess the size of the individual strengths relatively quickly. Of course, you can hide certain candles or display them in different colors. For the best setting you have to experiment yourself. Incidentally, the balanced Doji is displayed in green and red above and below the zero line. But here too, as just described, rounding differences can occur.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bionic Bid & Ask

As you know, the Bionic candle has a very special calculation that can be found in the Bid and Ask histogram. Here the movement sequences, the special Bionic Candle calculation, are translated into a bullish and bearish strength. This makes it possible to read off the current strength in the market relatively quickly. The colors can of course also be adjusted here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bionic efficiency

The problem with candles is that they are always different sizes. The Bionic Efficiency Histogram acts as if all candles are the same size and brings each candle to a 100% value. Then the indicator shows how strong the bullish or bearish strength is. Depending on the color setting, it can be used to show interesting representations.

Since I cannot show you all the possibilities that there are, you have to experiment yourself to find out which representation makes the most sense for you. Please note, however, that these are only auxiliary indicators that cannot predict what will happen next. Nevertheless, it is possible, to a certain extent, to change the probability in your favor.

As always, the indicators and templates can be found on the first page. Since I have already changed the bionic indicator a few times, it was of course always deleted on the first page. This automatically deletes the display of previous downloads. The old version had 1,897 downloads so far. This is a very high value for the short period of time. In this respect, I am confident that some traders will actually work with it and may pass on their experiences to us in the next few weeks or months.

I wish you continued success and fun in trading and look forward to another exchange with you.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Scalper, the formula 1

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

In today's post, I'll show you how you can triple your probability of winning with significantly less risk. You will also need significantly less capital in the future and can achieve higher profit rates at the same time. At first sight this sounds too good to be true, but it also requires some changes in trading. And change is exactly the magic word that many traders do not like to hear because it initially brings with it uncertainty. I promise you some interesting approaches.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Excellent material.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Hello turnpip15,

thank you very much for the kind words. Your compliment is very valuable because you are one of the earliest members of Forex Factory. A trader who has been at FF for 15 years has certainly seen a lot of things and gained some experience. In this respect, I am very pleased that you find the information valuable.

I wish you a nice weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hi Michael, after watching more videos, I found your studies on the advantages of trading the EURUSD and doing it in the lower time frames, in terms of pip value.

My take is that the effectiveness and efficiency belong in the M1 or smaller. Provided you one has a low spread broker.

I checked my performance from the last 2 weeks, on EURUSD and USDJPY. Found that the profits for USDJPY were minimal. So I dropped it.

Now I am only trading EURUSD, since 3 days, I enter on 1M, and trail on 5M.

Much more efficient, I only need to focus on 1 pair. Much more effective, I miss fewer opportunities. It is also much more relaxed, my system gives only a few trades a week, and I am very happy with that.

My results speak for themselves.

Cannot thank you enough for saving me tons of homework brother.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Hello cuchuflito,

The analysis of money management is an important topic in order to find the optimal asset. The trading hours are also very different and decisive. My trades in EURUSD are much more efficient in the morning between 7:00 am and 11:30 am CET than between 1:00 pm and 5:30 pm CET. I will go into this explicitly in my next videos. Your statement shows once again very clearly how important analyzes are for personal success.

All the best for the future.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #476 ---
New Bionic Candle 6.1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

just a brief information to all who participate in the project here. The project of the Bionic candle is an ongoing process, so the indicator is adapted to the new circumstances if necessary. Due to the further development of a bullish and bearish doji, the Bionic candle had to be modified again. There were also other interesting auxiliary indicators that I made available in the form of templates.

Here is the contribution to it:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13830123

You can find all the information there!

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Hi Michael. Greetings from Czechia. I started studying your blog a week ago and I am slowly starting seeing the levels in the EURUSD chart. I just wanted to thank you very much for all the time and effort you are putting into this. I appreciate it very much! Jiri

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Nice, thanks! Looking forward to seeing it.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Hallo Wanderer, unfortunately, my programmer is currently involved in very important projects in the futures market. Because I do not program MQL5 myself, we will have to be patient a little longer. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Hello George, first of all, welcome to our blog. I am happy that you are making progress with the Bionic candle and all participants in this blog are excited to hear about your personal insights. All the best for the future. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Laptop against the biggest Big Player

Hello dear bionic traders,

We hear again and again on the Internet that all you need to trade is a simple laptop to become a millionaire. To what extent this statement is correct, we will investigate in today's article. We'll also take a closer look at the Goldman Sachs approach and how to put together a good trading workstation. I promise you some interesting approaches. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Attached File(s)   WhatsApp Video 2021-12-17 at 21.58.32.mp4

2.1 MB
|
451 downloads

--- 帖子 #484 ---
For your eyes only!
Christmas 2021

Hello dear traders,

the year 2021 was arduous and challenging for many people. After 21 months of the pandemic, it is our young people who are particularly suffering because they cannot live out their youth as carefree as many of us adults. In Germany there was a study in which 14 to 29 year olds were asked about their current worries and wishes. 40 percent stated that the Corona crisis worsened their mental health, 37 percent complained about a loss of control in their everyday life, their personal relationships and in school and professional life. According to their own statements, the mental state of women has deteriorated more frequently (47%) than that of young men (33%). It has a lot to do with social media, because there, young women in particular are overwhelmed by other influencers with unattainable ideals of beauty. In interviews with young women, the researchers often heard the following sentence: My life is all right again because I stopped using Instagram six months ago. Since I no longer constantly compare myself with others, I have been taking my own life true again as good. Despite all the hardships we humans take on, one should always try to find something positive in the challenges. Whether this is enough to cope with certain situations is unclear, but it strengthens the mental state.

Now Christmas is just around the corner and I hope that you can switch off a bit and find peace to prepare yourself for the new challenges. First of all, I would like to thank you all for taking part in our projects, for your great ideas and creative suggestions for improvement, and especially for the friendly interaction with one another. This year I took the trouble to create a very special Christmas video for you. Of course in English and German.

Inserted Video

Inserted Video

Thank you again for your support. I sincerely wish you a Merry Christmas with your family. Take care of yourself and stay healthy.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Reach breakeven faster

Hello dear bionic trader,

Making profits in trading is not difficult, but keeping them is very difficult. In today's post we will talk exactly about which measures you can use to save your success in the long term. Since we retailers cannot move the markets, we have to adapt to the current situation. At first glance this seems very difficult, but it is easier than you think.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great Christmas

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Hello dear traders,

I would like to wish you all a Merry Christmas and hope you have a nice time with your family. I wish all of us that we can look deeper and clearer into the market next year so we can all benefit from it. I wish you all the best from the bottom of my heart.

best regards wolfgang

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Trading equipment build up strategically

Hello dear bionic trader,

Last week we had a long talk about the layout of the screens and today we are going to assemble our trading workstation. We also take a closer look at the workstation from the Montana Black Edition. There are many things to consider here, which I will discuss in detail. I promise you some interesting approaches.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great Christmas

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Hallo Michael,

thanks for your great system. I am trying to understand this, because I am coming from Supply-and-Demand Approach, but honestly saying, I wished you were my Mentor. I wish you also a happy new year.

Greetings from Switzerland,

Erkan

P.S.:  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I hope my drawings are correct.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Hello Erkan,

first of all, welcome to our thread and thank you very much for the great compliment. I am very honored. Of course, working with the Bionic candle is not easy at the beginning, as there are many things that you have to pay attention to at the same time. I produced 8 videos for the Bionic candle and another 56 videos on my YouTube channel. There you can get all the important information that will definitely help you free of charge. The zones you have drawn look good, but they are not yet correct. But do not worry, every beginning is difficult and it will be fine. Trading is a great challenge and only through experience and regular training will you achieve your goals.

I keep my fingers crossed for you.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Hi Michael,

thanks for your feedback. The Zones are showing the key candle, where a pullback comes in play. I hope it is now better what I draw?

Kind regards,

Erkan
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Price anomaly

Hello Erkan,

first of all, I think it's great how you deal with the Bionic candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I once drew your three zones from my point of view, with the respective origin of the key candle. The blue zones are drawn in the M15, the gray zones in the M5.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What confused me a bit, however, are your broker's quotes on December 24th. With the yellow arrow you can see how the price in your chart is going down sharply. From my point of view, there has not been such a price.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see my chart in the M15 again for comparison

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is the chart from investing.com

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And my chart from the futures market, where of course, due to the different trading hours, fewer candles are formed than in the cash market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Such quotes are typical stopfishing actions by market makers who set their prices themselves. I would recommend you to check it out carefully. With this price setting, it can of course only be a mistake, then everything is good and you do not need to worry. I would be very interested to see what comes of this because if this is really a scam we should do something about it.

I wish you a happy new year

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #492 ---
New Year's Eve 2021/2022
(For those who haven't seen my Christmas video)

Hello dear traders,

This post is about something personal for you, for the new year 2022. Time flies so quickly and another year has passed. The new year is just around the corner and it is time again for new, challenging resolutions. After a hectic year on the stock market, some relaxation has returned and helps us to review the old year. What was good and what stopped us this year? In which area do we still have problems and where do we urgently need to work on ourselves to achieve our goals for the next year? All of these questions are important in order to keep or even improve our breakeven point in the future. We can only answer these questions ourselves, after all, we know our strengths and weaknesses.

Inserted Video
Inserted Video

I wish you a happy new year 2022 from the bottom of my heart, stay healthy and look forward to seeing you next year.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Hi Michael

Very Happy New Year in advance !!

Thanks and We are really glad to know your efforts for retail trader support in good and easy candle trading technique. We appreciate your ideas, technique !!

We have gone through you many instructional videos about key candle zone from where it returns through some support n resistance zone.

As we found some good murrey math formula for FX trading which act as Supp/Resist, Supp/Dem, as well.

Also our humble request to apply auto width to Bionic Candle so as we can see same size while zooming in/out.

Attached please find some images - comments marked for better understanding.

1. H4 Chart -

with murrey math levels - matching with support/resistance or supply/demand

support level drawn

Bionic Candle resizing issue - zoom in only can see candles properly - then we miss the support levels drawn

Murrey math major support level matches with support drawn - 1.31836 in Red

2. H1 Chart

with H4 support level

same Bionic Candle resizing issue

murrey math levels - major support 1.31836 in Blue

3. M15 chart

with H4 support level

Same Bionic Candle Resizing issue

murrey math levels - major support 1.31836 in blue

as per H4,H1, M15 charts, please check all reversal are being done as per the murrey math levels - so no need to draw different zones.

From these, how we can identify type of key candles which will be go up/down trend or it will be retracing or pull back?

We will be happy to have your guidance and support.

Thanking you in Advance.

@liens

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Hi Michael

to continue with above, please check the attached chart.

We marked some zone from where it move up/down, we could not understand what type of key candle pairs we need to check for up/down confirmation.

Please guide us !

Regards/@aliens

--- 帖子 #495 ---
At first glance, I would say the marked candles are the key candles on that chart.

Murray Math and/or support and resistance are not part of this 'system'.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
And here are the refined zones on the Timeframe M5 for the entrys, my way to see the charts.

Michael will surely comment it.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Hello TW2, thanks for your helpful comment. I wish you a successful year 2022. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Hello AnAliens,

first of all a happy new year and welcome to our thread. The bionic candle is the fastest indicator in the forex market because it shows the price directly. We do not use any other indicators because as they are usually slower than the price. The Bionic candle is therefore a strategy that works on its own in combination with the knowledge of how the big players proceed. If you combine certain indicators with the bionic candle, it's like trying to install a BMW engine in a Mercedes. That is why we concentrate exclusively on the bionic candle.

All the best for the future.

Greetings Michael.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Your way to become a profitable trader

Hello dear traders,

First of all, welcome to the new year 2022. I hope you have made good resolutions for the new year and I wish you from the bottom of my heart that you will achieve them. Today's post is about the path to becoming a profitable trader, but that is anything but easy, as you will quickly see. In the last 15 months I have published 56 videos on the subject of profitability. In principle, successful trading consists of many individual pieces of the puzzle that a trader has to put together individually based on his or her skills. There are so many things to consider,  that we could spend many months dealing with them in detail. The fact alone that over 90% of all traders lose in the long term shows how demanding this profession is. It is not enough to hope for a fair chance with a laptop and a moving average. But with the necessary background knowledge and a strategic probability, the breakeven point is within reach. And that's exactly what we're going to look at today.

PS: The next English video „Live Trading“ will appear tomorrow!

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy watching it

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Hi Michael, and members,

First post is to thank you for all the great work! Best of the best for you and yours in 2022!

I have been using bionics candles 5.1 in lieu of the traditional candlesticks. Much cleaner, and more elegant in my opinion. I'm sure version 6.x is great if you know how to read dojis; for me, they have not proved useful, so I'll stick with 5.1.

I use it on M5, and across all instruments. Nothing fancy, simple supp and res with set risk, no other indicator than a basic adr. For me, all the info is contained in the candles behaviour. I wouldn't know how to explain it. It's all visually there. Plus, I'm old and slow, so keeping focused on the charts is hard enough

Btw, I'm amazed by your work ethics, and outlook in general. Hope you get rewarded many times over!

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Live trades, 2 trades in 3 minutes

Hello dear traders,

In the last few months we have launched a new project that deals with the strengths of the bionic candle. In today's post I will show you two specific live trades and how they were calculated beforehand with my self-developed Bionic candle. Then we will evaluate the two trades exactly and even grade them. Actually, we have a wrong world in the  markets. The beginner usually starts in the forex market and when he has become a professional he usually switches to the futures market. Due to the lack of stock market data, but the Forex market is much more challenging to trade than the futures market. That means it should normally be the other way around. A beginner should actually start in the future market and as soon as he has become a professional, switch to the forex market.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful new year of trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #502 ---
You're never too old to be successful!

Hello deukae,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your congratulations. The Bionic candle 6.1 can show the same representations as the Bionic candle 5.1. It just has a few options more. But I am pleased that you can trade successfully with it and that you have a better overview with the Bionic candle. Success in life consists of experience and power.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 20 you have a lot of power but little experience. At 40, the relationship is balanced. At 60 you have little power, but you gain through experience. No matter how old you are, you always have the same opportunities. I also think of a funny story. Two bulls (father & son) are standing on a mountain and there are many cows in the valley. Then the son taurus says to the father: "Papa, Papa come on, let's run down very quickly and bump a cow. Then the father says to the son: " No, my boy, we are going down there very slowly and bump them all. "It doesn't matter how old you are, you just have to use your given strengths to achieve the goal.

I wish you continued success and nice that you are here.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Michael,

If you mean "bump" in the biblical sense, then I'm afraid I will need lots of blue pills for that... And I agree, experience is nice. Except with things like arthritis, or colonoscopy....

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Hello, I have been observing price action and trying to find the key candles for some time now. In my opinion they work very well. I usually use M15 tf to identify key candles and if they are too big, I finetune them in M1. Pls see the screenshot. Blue levels are made off M15 candles, the violet one was refined in M1.

Thank you, Bionics, for everything u do for us!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Hello George, thank you very much for your kind words and a warm welcome to us. I am happy if the Bionic candle helps you in the trade. A little tip: if you make your zones darker, you have a better overview. All the best for the future. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Strategic money management

Hello dear traders,

As we all know, success in trading can be influenced with the help of probabilities. In order to use the efficiency of the probabilities optimally, a trader needs the corresponding numbers. As a Formula 1 driver, it is no longer enough just to know his lap times, the telemetry data that shows the driver exactly where he made mistakes is crucial. The money management data for the trader are comparable to the telemetry data in Formula 1. Interestingly, money management is still receiving far too little attention in trading, which may explain the still high loss rates in the retail sector. Let's take a closer look at how to limit these losses.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Hi everybody

Just practiced drawing the key candle on the weekend.

Playing around, starting with the 1W and drawing the boxes. Simply awesome how the D1 reacts to those boxes, weeks later, even months.

In my understanding, master those key candles, with good money management, and there is no way a trader could avoid being profitable.

But it takes practice, practice, practice.

Thanks again, Michael.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hello deukae, health is and will remain our valuable asset. Not like the passionate smoker who always reads about the dangers of smoking for health and therefore stops reading. If you don't do something for your health every day, you will one day have to sacrifice a lot of time for illness. I keep my fingers crossed that you stay healthy. Warm greetings

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Cheers, Michael! Best of health to you and yours as well!

Six decades young, and I'm still pedaling on. Forex can wear one down, 'cause let's face it ,retail traders are little nemos in shark infested waters lol. Thank Neptune we have you and your ingenuity coming to our rescue!

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hello cuchuflito, working with the Bionic candle to generate zones is  very time-consuming, at the beginning and requires some patience. But once you have internalized the procedure, you can identify almost all turning points. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Important trading knowledge for beginners

Hello dear traders,

We all know the sentence, if I could start all over again, what would I do differently? With this in mind, we consider today what things are important in trading, whether a trading coach is an alternative and what you should pay attention to.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Hi T2W

thanks for your response.

We do agree with your idea.

We posted some pics, to ascertain, whatever zones you draws from where it resists/supports, same can be observed in murrey math. There are certain zones from where it pullback or breaks. Its just for some explanation. (explained in pics with SNR, Murrey math )

The zones we suppose to mark, might be Order Blocks, Murrey math marks.

of course, We will be looking into more of bionic candle !

Regards/@liens

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Hi Michael

Thanks for your feedback !

We do agree with your suggestions. Just we would like to say, all of so called resistant/support zones are supposed to work around murrey math method, or FIBO or Order block which we observed for long. (explained in pics) We do not use any support/resistant indicator.

We will study more about bionic candle based on the VDOs you explained.

Thanks !

Regards/@liens

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Institutional key zones

Hello @liens, I'm pleased. In principle, our zones are institutional key zones that are only ever shifted to different price levels due to the big player algorithms. These can be identified more easily with the Bionic Candle. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Forex versus Future

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

today I would like to show you a comparison of the Bionic candle in the forex and future market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side we see the Bionic candle in the Forex market of the EURUSD M1 and on the right side the Euro FX 6 E from the future market. The structure of the Bionic candle is the same, and there are hardly any deviations in the price trend. However, we can see significant deviations in the color of the Bionic candle. The reason for this lies in the significantly higher course of movement within the forex market. Both markets have five decimal places, but while the Forex market requires 10 ticks for a pip, there are only two ticks in the future market in the same sequence of movements. Although the forex market EURUSD performs five times more ticks than the Euro FX in the futures market, the EURUSD still moves 7-10 times more. This also creates a much finer resolution within the bionic candle, which provides us traders in the forex market with significantly more information. This allows the key candles to be identify much better and more precisely. Of course, we get significantly more data in the future market due to the diverse volume of information, but we have a clear advantage here, at least in the area of the bionic candle. In addition, we can still work with the strength of the currency that does not exist in the futures market.

I wish you continued success in trading,

best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Trading Psychology- Emotions in Trading

Hello dear subscribers,

Today's post is about why so many traders lose. One reason for this lies in our emotions, which are not sufficiently trained and educated when it comes to trading. These emotions are not only responsible for our losses, but also for our gains. The biggest problem is that most traders are unaware of these emotions. How can you change something if you don't even know that you have to change something. In today's video we will deal with the measures you can take to get these emotions under control in the long term. It's not that easy, but it's still possible with a few little tricks.

Inserted Video

I wish you a peaceful weekend and continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Can you become a trading millionaire

Hello dear bionic traders,

In times of social networks, there is a lot of envy and feelings arise at the same time, I want to achieve that too. On Instagram YouTube or Tick Toc, many trading coaches show their profits and talk about their rise to the league of the rich and beautiful. The really dramatic thing about it is the fact that it is difficult to understand whether this success is actually based on competence or just on pure coincidence. Success cannot be judged solely by whether someone makes money in the stock market. The decisive factor is whether he manages to teach other traders to make a living from trading in the long term. And that is exactly what will succeed in the rarest of cases, since every person is different. On the one hand, the trading coaches say that it's not easy to become a millionaire, but at the same time they get out of their sports car with a wad of banknotes or show us their latest villa. In fact, most trading coaches made their money from seminars rather than trading. That reminds me of a dramatic story. A young man receives an email, where a millonaire offering a book. This book is intended to describe in detail how to become a millionaire quickly and without much effort. He pays the $100 and a few days later receives the book. He opens the book and only finds blank pages. The last page says: Do what I do and sell this book 10,000 times. Today we will review together how realistic it is to become a millionaire through trading.

Inserted Video

In order to become a millionaire, you first have to invest 1 million.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you every success in trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Hi Michael,

I've been reading your contents now since June 2021 and been trying to replicate them on my own java-based trading platform.

I'm really impress that amount of material you've put together and the attention to detailed explanation.

I've seen a number of chart of the bionic candles sometimes the colors seems to indicate the strengh of the type of candle ( Bullish/Bearish) and sometimes the Pullback vs RealBody

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I've put the following diagram to see If my understanding is correct?

Are candles A and B correct?

How would you represent candle C and D in the bionic chart? at this time I'm not sure as  sometimes the colors seems to indicate the strength of the type of candle ( Bullish/Bearish) and othertimes the Pullback vs RealBody.

Unfortunately I can't use MT4 so I'm a bit limited...

Thanks,

Regards,

Serge.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Hello Bionics

Are the mt5 versions of the indicator available to download? I want to backtest on mt5 using daily pivot points, vwap, and 60 - 50% bullish bionic candles to determine bearish reversals on the euro USD. Much appreciated

--- 帖子 #522 ---
I suggest you read the thread before asking a question that has already been answered on more than one occasion

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Hello Serge, first of all thanks for the question. A trader for whom the advantages of the Bionic candle are important will be happy to voluntarily engage in the MT4. If you want to work with IOS, you must also use an Apple computer. If you want to work with the Bionic candle, unfortunately this is currently only possible in the MT4. Since you don't want to work with the MT4, it looks like you want to program the Bionic candle for your software yourself. In principle, you are welcome to try to reprogram each indicator and as long as you do it privately, it is legally okay. It becomes problematic when you make your programming available to others or when the bionic candle is published. The bionic candle is protected because it was developed by me. Violations of this will be legally prosecuted, which can be very expensive under certain circumstances. If the bionic candle is programming for other platforms, they must be approved by me beforehand. Please note these things. Thank you and best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Hi Michael, thank you for your feedback.

I would like to develop the idea of the bionic candle on my personal standalone Java platform. This will be for my private use/trading.

Please let me know how we can collaborate on this.

Thanks,

Regards,

Serge!

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Manipulation of the banks

Hello dear bionic traders,

The reason why so many traders lose is due to the fact that the current market situation is often misinterpreted. This is less due to the skill of the trader and more due to the fact that the big players are giving us a false truth. In today's video we will take a closer look at how the big players manipulate the markets and mislead us in the process.

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you every success in trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Look deeper into the candle

Hello dear bionic traders,

since many of you do not work with stock market data, I have developed an idea for those of you how to look even deeper into the market with the help of the bionic histogram.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all you can see a normal M1 chart in the middle and below that the bionic histogram, which also runs in the M1. Above that is an extra histogram created with an 8 tick chart. While time is responsible for the formation of a new candle in a seconds chart, the tick chart is initially time-independent because a new candle is formed every 8 ticks. Using the tick chart, a trader is able to look deeper into the M1 candle. In the upper right corner we see a total of 32 candles formed within 4 minutes. This splits an M1 candlestick into eight different candlesticks in the histogram, which makes it easier to identify certain movements. In our example, we see a clear dominance in the area of bearish moves.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We have already spoken in great detail about the advantages of the Bionic candle. With the help of the BIonic histogram, we are able to filter out certain movement sequences within the Bionic candle and display them next to each other in the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this example we have highlighted only the strongest candles in our histogram. In the overview we can see that the strongest candles were clearly in the bullish area (yellow) during the upward movement. In the pullback to the downside, the bearish blue candlesticks had the advantage, and then the yellow candlesticks again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the histogram above, we have highlighted the crucial pullbacks within a candle. The red candles show the retracements inside a bullish candlestick, while the green candles show the retracements inside a bearish candlestick. With these retracements you can see very well when a price is stopped more strongly. In the first half, we see that the bullish candles have been curbed more than the bearish ones. At the same time, the strongest candles were in the bullish zone. This speaks for a clear upward movement.

Of course, it is not possible to predict a future price from a past price. But as we know, trading is all about probability and looking at the filtered candles in the histogram may help to derive a higher probability.

I would be happy if some of these ideas could help you

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Important message to everyone visiting our thread for the first time.

First of all, we are pleased that you would like to take part in this exciting exchange. So that you get the most important basics, please have a look at my first post in the interest of all members.

There you will find numerous videos and all indicators with templates.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Thank you and we look forward, to a constructive exchange with you.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Success is often closer than you think

Hi Serge,

first of all I have no problem if you program and work with something for yourself. I am OCM myself (Oracle Certified Master) and I know the program structures of Java. The biggest advantage of Java is also a disadvantage: performance is reduced because Java code is interpreted by the interpreter (which makes platform independence possible in the first place). Therefore, there are no successful stock market programs written in Java. The fastest retailer stock exchange program runs under C#, compared to assembler or C++ the speed of the calculation operations is sometimes at a disadvantage, but the susceptibility to errors with C# is significantly lower. The cases where C++ is actually faster are in highly optimized programs where experienced programmers have thoroughly optimized the code. Of course, since you can program in Java, I understand that you write your programs there. But from my point of view this is not effective because the stock market is about speed. With an MT4 in combination with a fiber optic line, a fast ping of 4ms and a fast broker who provides you with liquidity at all times, you are often faster in and out of the market than many other traders. As a trader in Europe, you cannot get a minus on your account, this is the highest level of security with a Black Swan. I recommend that you work with a professional stock market program to read the stock market data. I would trade in the forex market because that's where you have the greatest security. Save your valuable time recreating indicators and focus solely on trading to break even. Trade only with real money but with the smallest number of lots (0.01 lot), because it takes longer with a demo account. This also only works in the Forex market. I think it's great with what motivation you, Serge are trading.  If you keep at it you can do it too. Another little tip. Find an experienced mentor who will accompany you until you reach break even. It's not easy and it takes time because you have to trust him. You can find some videos about hybrid trading on my English channel.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqB...8qVMsDR0FKpEZA

I didn't mean to lecture you with this, just to give you some serious advice as I know how hard it is as a scalper. I hope this helps you a little further.

I wish you from the bottom of my heart that reach fast you break even.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Hi Michael,

Thank you for your advices, I really appreciate your feedback considering your busy schedule.

You are 100% right about Java vs C++. I'm a polyglot programmer  and also proficient in both C++, C# and other development languages. I'm 200% conscious of the slowness of Java but at this stage of my trading Journey that doesn't matter yet to be that fast. My target platform architecture is C# on Azure/AWS. At the moment I'm Java/AWS, because it's cheap and at the same time it enables me to grow gain more insight.

The good news is I'm also an highly experienced  IT Architect and I designed the trading platform in a way that it could be ported later to C# or even C++.

The only reason to re-develop some of your indicators is mostly for training purpose and it's fun for me. This is to go through the learning process of understanding the benefit of transforming the information in that way. One thing is too watch a video or read about and idea. It so much more valuable when I do it myself and see the same result, that lesson is priceless.

My goal at this stage is to become a fulltime systematic/automated trader. At this stage of my journey in systematic trading, your level of speed won't help me yet but I'm sure it will later.

By the way, I'm dealing at 0.001 lot level, so I think i'm invisible to many and only visible to my broker. I still have a long way to go to reach 0.01 lots .

I hope that by the time I'm ready financially for your level of dealing that the market wouldn't have changed its nature again. One good news is that moving big money will always need time and planning. So no matter how fast big players will be, moving large amounts of lots should always leave some footprint.

Thanks, Serge and happy Trading!

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Comparison Bionic Candle vs Candle Chart

Hello dear bionic traders,

Today we look again at a direct comparison, where we compare a candle chart to the bionic candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, we see a price action of a candle chart in the EURUSD M15. The question where are the strongest candles, we will possibly answer with the blue arrows.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In fact, these weren't the strongest candles at all, as we can see on the Bionic Chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The strongest candle is not always automatically a key candle, but let's draw a fictitious resistance zone for the strong candles just for fun. We see that price often reacts to these zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now, where are the strongest pullbacks to be found? This is not easy to answer in the candle chart, since the wicks are thinner than the body of the candle and are therefore harder to identify.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Within the Bionic candlestick, the pullback is immediately visible as it is basically the last move that is highlighted.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left we see the candle chart going down sharply. Now, looking at the Bionic chart, we can clearly see that from the middle of the move, the pullbacks get stronger as the price goes down. This can also be clearly seen in the histogram. It looks like a big player is putting more and more pressure on the brakes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When comparing the two histograms, it becomes clear that you get a lot more information from the Bionic Histogram and that is exactly what increases the probability of winning.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We come to the last and crucial question: How do we find the decisive key candles within a candle chart? Well, from my point of view this is almost impossible since our main focus is only on the candle body. In fact, the main candle body is completely unimportant for us traders..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At points A and B, we see price being rebuffed sharply to the upside. We now see which key candle breaks through these two zones. And it is precisely this key candle C that we draw on the chart. Initially, the price runs out of this zone and after it comes back into this zone, it is strongly repelled down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order to get as much different information as possible, I can work with the Bionic Candle in the chart and also use the histogram to help me filter out individual movement sequences. This gives me a much better and faster overview of the current situation in the market. By the way, tomorrow morning at 9:00 a.m. my new video will be released with the title: Losses are more important than gains.

I hope that this information will help you and wish you another successful trading day.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Hi Bionic, first of all thanks for your extensive and priceless work. I dare to expose in my opinion a pattern that I have seen is repeated throughout the day and I would like you to comment on it.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Losses are more important than gains

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will talk about why losses are more important than profits. In the stock, forex and futures market, 85% of all traders lose their money in the long term. If you look at all the videos on YouTube, you often get the feeling that 85% of all traders only win. The saying that only losers lose is a relic of the past that we are going to talk about today. Losses are the most important element in trading and only those who are able to deal with them properly can use them to reach the break even point faster. Today we will take a closer look at which things to pay attention to in detail.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend, next week a very successful trading week and I look forward to seeing you here again soon.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Just saw your last video Michael.

I hardly know any other person that offers so much know-how for free.

Just wanted to mention my story:

25 years ago we bought the first Telekom Stocks with my wife, with our hard-earned savings. Made good money.

We then started to buy "Neue Markt" Funds, the beginning of the internet boom.

Our depot climbed all the way to 110000 DM.

Then came the crash, with whatever was left I started my part-time trading career.

A couple of years later, I stopped.

Do you want to know how much was there left? 13 DM, ( not 13K), exactly 13 DM, which I never even bothered to collect...I think that account must be still open somewhere.

After that, another part-time 20 years, losing consistently, books, software, and yes, Forex.

Just last year made it to BE, and now I am pretty confident to retire by the end of next year and make some extra money. Not millions though.

We are good to go, own our house, small business, no debts, some savings...And yes, trading is fun.

All the best and a

happy snowy weekend!

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Persistence is rewarded sooner or later - but usually later.

Hello cuchuflito,

Thank you very much for the kind compliment, I feel very honored. Also thanks for your honest statement. You have traded part-time for 25 years and have now reached your profit threshold, congratulations on that. You are the best example of perseverance and perseverance. Our greatest weakness is always giving up, the surest way to succeed is to try again. Perhaps your dedication and perseverance will show many traders what to expect in the years to come. We not only work in the largest market, but also in the toughest market in the world. I keep my fingers crossed for you and that your wishes come true.

Lass dich nicht unterkriegen!

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Hello krakof,

First of all, thank you for your kind words and for your ideas. In your drawn zone, we first see a strong bearish candle running down. The candlestick you drew does not overcome the previously drawn candlestick. So this is not a typical key candle for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Your zone is at point A. Before that, a very strong blue candle has formed. Due to the different pricing of the brokers, your candle is not blue but still very strong. The following candle at point B represents a key candle from my point of view, and the price also reacts accordingly. After that, the price comes back into the zone and is rejected up again at point C. However, the origin of this zone is at Point D. This is is a very strong candle inside the up move I've drawn. A little tip: Due to the different time units, it is not always easy to determine the zones, so start in H1 and draw in the zones. After that you can go into the M15, M5 and then into the M1. If you want to lower your stop afterwards, you should use a tick chart.

I wish you a great weekend and hope that the information will help you.

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Announcing new Bionic Candle 6.3 and Histogram 6.3

Hello dear bionic traders,

The Bionic Candle shows the candle strength more precisely than the candle charts and unclear prices are displayed better. The key point with the Bionic candle is that the last move just before the close is highlighted. For a trader, this is the last decisive move. The normal candle chart consists of a candle body with two thin wicks, from which the candle strength is derived. The wicks are often not clearly recognizable and as a result volatile price developments are shown unclearly in the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A candle chart offers four information points OHLC, but the high and low is always the same for both candles. While the close is always higher than the open in a bullish candlestick, the opposite is true for a bearish candlestick. In the past, candlestick formations have often provided traders with important information that has become more and more diluted as algorithms have been introduced. In the candle chart, the wicks are rated neutral, while the body of the candle represents strength. However, this supposed strength is wrong and is therefore often misinterpreted. The Bionic candle shows actual strength up to seven times more accurately than a candle chart. There are only two different processes in the Bionic candle, which saves a considerable amount of time, since 33% fewer movements have to be analyzed. Interestingly, the open is given more attention in trading than the close, even though it's further away in time. For this reason, the bionic candle does without it. The pullback from high to close in the bullish candle and from low to close in the bearish candle is a crucial point in trading. Important information can be extracted from this in order to better recognize future price developments.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There are nine different movement sequences within the bionic candle, which are variable in the color representation. This can be used to highlight up to 81 different movements in the candle to make it easier to identify the big players' invisible price zones. Since there are many possibilities here, the Bionic Histogram was also developed. On the upper left we see the basic setting of the Bionic Chart, with 8 different colors. Yellow shows the strongest bullish candle and blue shows the strongest bearish candle. In a bullish candlestick, the pullback is red, in a bearish candlestick, it is green, and the movement in this case is shown in gray. For the first time in the history of the stock market, the Bionic candle distinguishes between a bullish, bearish and an equilibrium Doji. Basically, the open and close of a doji are always at the same price level. If the distance between close and high is greater than the distance between close and low, it is a bullish doji, otherwise it is a bearish doji. If the distribution is equal, a white Equilibrium Doji is created. A doji initially means uncertainty as the price cannot decide on a direction. Special attention should be paid to the white Equilibrium Dojis, as a stronger movement is often triggered immediately afterwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the upper right side, the Bionic candle is only shown in four different colors and shows bullish and bearish trends. On the lower left side there are only two movement colors per candle. Red represents the bearish and green the bullish movements. On the lower right side, only one color is used for the basic movement. When the close is above the open, the candle is green, when the close is below the open, it is red. Certain movements can of course also be hidden or given special emphasis. It gets interesting when you only highlight the pullbacks, the dojis or the strongest candles. However, this becomes a bit difficult within a chart history, since you only have one chart available. The bionic histogram was developed to represent different information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Prices basically zigzag up or down. This means that the proportions of the individual candles are often not comparable with one another. In the bionic histogram, all bullish candles above the zero line and all bearish candles below the zero line are next to each other. This allows the sizes of individual strengths to be assessed more quickly and certain movements to be highlighted. In the picture we first see the complete Bionic chart in the candle development. Below are three different histogram displays. In the upper histogram, only the pullbacks of the bearish and bullish candles were initially highlighted. This enables you to specifically compare the pullbacks with each other. Of course, the gray motion candles can also be hidden. In the middle histogram only the dojis were shown. In the histogram below, only the strongest candles are highlighted. A strong bullish candle closes on the high, and a strong bearish candle closes on the low. Initially, the course was in an upward movement, in the first 80% of the chart the yellow candles have a clear advantage. Towards the end of the chart, we can see that the blue candles are getting stronger and the price eventually turned down. From this point on, there was no longer any uncertainty, since no dojis were created. With the help of the bionic histogram, different representations can be filtered out exactly, which give a trader concrete information about the current price development. Of course you can still work with the candle chart, Renko or Heiken Ashi and only use the Bionic Candle in the form of a histogram. This keeps the trader flexible and keeps an overview at all times.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, there were some problems in the calculated Equilibrium Dojis. Although the high to close was of the same length as the close to low, a bullish or bearish doji was still drawn. This is due to the so-called floating-point numbers. Floating-point numbers bring a few surprises, especially for the mathematical layman, which often influence the results of pocket calculators and computer calculations. Most important are overridden, common mathematical calculation rules. Anyone who works intensively with a calculation aid must be familiar with these properties. They are due to the limited precision with which mantissa and exponent are stored. The consequence of this limitation becomes clear when one considers that the infinitely many real numbers should be represented by finitely many combinations of digits. One can think of the floating point numbers in the domain of a system as a long table of discrete values. A floating-point function then assigns a different value to each value in this list. The same applies to operations with two or more digits. You can find more information under the term Minifloats. We have fixed the problem that floating point numbers, when calculated and not coming directly from the system, do not have the expected mantissa. (The digits of a floating-point number in front of the power are called the mantissa. Example: For the number 2.9979 108, 2.9979 is the mantissa.)

I will post the new indicator for you next week.

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Losses are more important than gains

Hello dear bionic traders,

Since I posted a few posts today, I would like to highlight this video again because I think it is important for many traders.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend, next week a very successful trading week and I look forward to seeing you here again soon.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #538 ---
I like the precision of the key candle, I'm still learning, Thanks Miguel
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Forex Factory find similar traders

Hello dear traders,

Most retail traders have three problems. When trading, you are only focused on your strategy, receive little market information and do not know a successful trader with whom you can exchange ideas from time to time. In today's post I would like to offer you a possible solution to these 3 problems, that can only be reached via a few detours. In addition, I will show you how to identify fake accounts and where to get the best information.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Sunday and good luck for next week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #540 ---
New Bionic Candle 6.3
New Bionic Histogram 6.3

Hello dear bionic traders,

As promised last week, you will receive the new Bionic candle with the histogram today. First of all, I would like to thank you all for the many positive letters that have reached me in the last few months. Many of you were able to significantly improve your odds of winning thanks to the Bionic candle, which makes me very happy. By the way, since I developed the Bionic candles, they have been downloaded almost 17,000 times since 2019.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you know, there are nine different movement sequences in the bionic candle, which can of course be individually represented with colors. This allows the individual movement structures within the candle to be displayed more clearly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the last few weeks I also came up with the idea of developing a bullish, bearish and equilibrium Doji, which we then quickly programmed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

An indicator is like a new vehicle. It only proves itself in practice. Unfortunately, we did the calculation without the so-called floating-point numbers, which ensure that not every equilibrium doji is actually displayed. Using the mantissa we were able to solve the problem.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the first version of the different Dojis. In the chart we see a total of four equilibrium dojis, which are still shown in the histogram with a red and green bar. That was too inconspicuous for me. In addition, after an Equilibrium Doji, a stronger movement is often triggered.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the Bionic Histogram 6.1, a total of four Equilibrium Doji were created during this period, although in fact ten Equilibrium Doji should have appeared. We have now solved this problem with the new indicators.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we now see that the data is displayed correctly in both the bionic chart and the histogram. However, due to certain calculation operations, individual errors can of course occur again and again. There are also different prices at the brokers, which lead to different representations in the bionic candle. Unfortunately we have to accept that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The histogram was developed so that you are able to filter out different movements within the bionic candle and display them in the chart at the same time. With the new indicators, this should now be much easier. Since no distinction has been made between bullish and bearish dojis so far, please pay attention to whether there are certain pattern sequences in this area in the future. In my opinion, the Equilibrium Doji deserves special attention, since after the Doji appears, there are often stronger movement rashes. All in all, with the bionic candle and the histogram you have an interesting analysis to filter out and display the individual movement sequences differently. Likewise, the bionic candlestick and the histogram are currently being developed for the ATAS platform in the stock market. This means that the bionic candle will also be available in the future market. I can't say when that will happen because it's not within my sphere of influence.

As always, I'll put the new indicators on the first page of this thread. Since I don't have much time this week, I won't change the published templates for now. The Bionic Candle 6.1 and the Histogram 6.1 are still included there.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

I hope you enjoy your work and of course I look forward to your feedback. Continued success in trading

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Tones and sound in Forex MT4

Hello dear traders,

In today's post you will get two important pieces of information. First, what is more important, fundamental analysis, technical analysis, charting, or reading the algorithms? Secondly, I am going to show you a concrete way of using the MT4 to create sounds and take advantage in the forex market. Of course you will also receive an indicator and the sounds modified by me for download.

Inserted Video

I wish you good luck for this week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Your way to becoming a full-time trader

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post, we're going to talk about how you can transition from being a part-time trader to a full-time job in four years. We will take a closer look at the requirements required for this and calculate them. I'll show you why you don't need a lot of capital to make ends meet. In addition, I will show you why the win rate has a significant impact on the new trader tax and how you can optimize it. All in all, today's topics are very exciting.

Inserted Video

I wish you a relaxing weekend and keep my fingers crossed for next week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Does your example assumes a manual or automated trade execution? Kind regards.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
EA vs Trader

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Iddd,

due to the high number of trades, the thought is absolutely understandable. I find your question fascinating, so I would like to answer it in detail. First of all, I only work with manual trades, I would like to explain the reason in more detail.

With an EA, emotional trading decisions can be reduced to zero, which are often responsible for making far-reaching mistakes. In addition, an EA has the ability to evaluate several parameters at the same time, which the human brain would not be able to do. EAs use technical indicators to make a decision. Many factors can be included there, which, however, must be specified in advance by the programmer. The EA then carries out these decisions in concrete terms, without resorting to emotions. Another important aspect is that the computer always sticks to the trading system once it has been set up, regardless of whether losses or profits are made. However, a running EA does not help a trader to gain their own trading experience. Likewise, robots are incapable of making intelligent or important decisions. They have no understanding of the market, cannot understand or act on fundamental data. The key point: EA's cannot adapt to unexpected market conditions. In addition, the human brain is capable of acting intelligently and adaptably. It can recognize complex patterns, weigh multiple conflicting factors at once, and adapt to extreme conditions. An EA does not have these capabilities.

Another important aspect: An EA is not able to react to the algorithms of the big players. These big player algorithms cannot be compared to the conventional, price-based EAs, as they are used in a completely different context. Although high-frequency traders work with fully automatic algorithms, arbitrage trading in this area is a completely different topic that cannot be compared to normal trading, as the risks there are significantly lower. However, we do not find any high-frequency traders in the forex market, as the EBS has built-in time blocks of at least 500ms. Unfortunately, the price and the candles are only the effect, the cause lies in the market orders that run into the limit orders. Most EA s only access the price, i.e. the effect and not the cause. The reason lies in the law of causality. Causality means that there is a clear cause-and-effect relationship between variables. Unfortunately, in the forex market there are only effects.

First of all we should ask ourselves why the big players don't work with EAs, because every year they pay many millions for their analysts, traders and computer experts. With a successful EA, the big players could dismiss all experts and save a lot of money. But if you put the risk in relation to the profit, it is cheaper for the big players not to rely on fully automatic EAs. Let's imagine that a trader trades profitably. Now he begins to write down what factors must come together for him to enter the market, how the market must behave in order for him to stay in the trade, and finally what must happen for him to exit the trade. If you write all these things down carefully, you will find that these multiple and varied criteria could never be built into an EA. And why? Because, in retail you have to consider too many things, at the same time. Nevertheless, I could imagine that so-called hybrid EAs could also help us in trading in the long term. But only if they show us possible entry points that enable profitable trading. However, the trader should still decide whether to enter into this trade or not.

I myself would never enter or exit automatically, since a robot lacks an understanding of the market basics and could never make independent decisions on its own. However, this is a crucial point in order to have a chance at all on the stock exchange markets. In addition, I would limit my personal experience in trading.

I wish you a nice weekend and continued success in trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Thank you Michael.

I was curious how you would execute a trading plan to realize trading for a living. There is a lot of theory where equally uncertainty, that's why I asked.

What i mean by that?

Well, let's say you found out that executing x number of trade entries/exits per day should ideally lead to your expected monetary goals to be then able to make a living out of it. This could possibly quickly get out of hand if for what ever reason you would no longer be able to perform to execute such plan.

This could be due to all sorts of unpredictable reasons such as sudden illness. Ultimately, that would possibly mean that you would make less profit than assumed.

Not sure how best to deal with it. Possibly having sufficient reserves and miss as few trades as possible.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Trading = company

Hello Iddd,

The strategy I described in the video shows one way a trader can reach his break even point faster.

Inserted Video

Of course, there is constant uncertainty in the market, as the price can move in any direction at any time. In principle, the course is not random, since the big players always react accordingly to the retail traders and generally take an opposite position. So if you know where and what the big players are currently collecting, you have a corresponding market advantage.

How can you protect yourself from unforeseeable situations in order to continue to achieve your financial goals in trading?

First of all, the secret lies in the lasting experience. A trader who has completed 12,000 trades has more experience than a trader with significantly fewer trades. Since the markets are constantly changing, the trader should react accordingly to these changes. But first he needs to know what has changed. This is also the reason, for example, why I concentrate exclusively on the biggest big players. In addition, you should be modest with your trading capital. Every professional entrepreneur puts money aside in the good times to survive in the bad times. It's the same in trading. The most important aspect, however, is the willingness to invest in the future. The big players are upgrading and investing in better technology, better traders, analysts and more effective algorithms. Before a trader spends a lot of money on luxury goods, he should rather invest in his own business.

Trading is like a company, we must never forget that.

I wish you a successful trading week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Thanks. It's not exactly what I tried to say but yeah. A company can be passive income, having to execute a certain amount of trades every day in a manual way requires active work time. So if for what ever reason you would fail to be able to keep doing that it could be the difference of facing a profitable or non profitable outcome you then may or may not be able to make a living off.

No idea about market makers and what they may do or not do at times. I think I can't do nothing about that anyways.

Markets change all the time, thats true. So you probably need an "edge", trading plan, strategy (you name it) that works in all terms of conditions and not just partially doing good for the optimal case.

I am not so much convinced about using indicators. I am still having a hard time finding a working plan for me that would allow me to just trade one specific forex pair or what ever else market / instrument following some clear rules when or when not to be in front of the screen and when or when not to enter or exit a position by following some clear rules that are somehow systematic, repeatable.

Wish a successful trading week for you too.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Hello Iddd,

I know what you mean and I agree with you. In principle, I also don't use any typical forex indicators to generate an entry or exit from them. You can generate clear rules from the Bionic candle as they show the clear reversal points in the chart. A key candle is identified from a new candle display, which will definitely help you. Here you will find some videos and information.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Thanks. I'll take a closer look and then get back to you.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Important message to everyone who is visiting our thread for the first time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The bionic candle is a new type of candle display, with which one can identify most reversal points beforehand.

You can find all the information and videos here:

The secret of the bionic candle

Thank you and we look forward to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #551 ---
I see, so it’s more like a versatile tool you can use to find the right time to enter a trade.

Do you have some kind of fixed trading plan (even if based on this magic candle) that could be repeated by a noob like me looking more like for a complete step by step thing covering not just single aspects

Something like

- what to trade

- when to trade (between xx time to xx time of the day)

- the actual entry/exit criteria

- how much to risk and target per trade (in percentage terms as pips are meaningless)

- how many entries exits to expect per day doing that

- what my max. percentage risk per day should look like doing that until I would either stop for a profit or stop at a loss.

Unfortunately this is what most forum threads are missing somehow. Actually the real important stuff…

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Creation of your personal setup

Hello Iddd,

I have a clear trading and operational plan that I have developed for myself over the past 12 years. In the video you can see my approach to trading, how I combine the data from the stock market and futures market and how I reconcile chart technology, technical and fundamental analysis, and algorithm trading. We look at the measures I can use to identify the invisible price zones of the big players with a very high probability. All these factors interact to achieve a market advantage.

Inserted Video

My main screen mainly consists of the DoM, the time and sales list and various spoofing information. For example, many traders cannot do anything with these many numbers. Because of this, each trader needs to create an individual setup as each person has different skills. In my Youtube videos (approx. 30 hours) you will find a lot of free information that will help you to create your personal setup.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you every success.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Thank you again for taking the time to answer me in such detail.

It's good that you have such a plan, many don't have it. I watched the video and some more. I really like your stuff but it sounds too complex for me even if I come from a technical background myself.

I am looking for some VERY simple almost mechanical like trading plan where my entry criteria would be as simple as having defined two horizontal lines between a pre-defined time period of the day.

However, I'm giving up hope slowly that I'll ever find something that works for me to consistently average a few positive pips at the end of the month doing x same simple thing every day over and over again.

Then I read about all these many traders on forums like this making hundreds if not thousands of Pips every month... There should be far more wealthy individuals on this planet if all that would be true.

Das ist sehr nett, vielen Dank

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Trading is anything but easy

Hello Iddd,

even if it's a bit difficult for me, but unfortunately I have to take away the illusion that there is a simple system with which you win in the long term. If we were still in 1990, this wish would certainly be easier to fulfill. But with the introduction of algorithms, the entire market situation has changed. From the point of view of the retailer, unfortunately not to the advantage. The best traders in the world now employ an armada of analysts, computer experts and very professional traders to have a realistic chance in this market. And believe me, if there was a simple system, the big players would be the first to use it. A trader who claims the market is easy either has no trading knowledge or is an illusionist. If the market was that simple, why do over 88% of all traders lose their money? Of course there are traders who make good profits, they have usually been in the market for many years and belong to the 5% who can make a living from it. People don't like to talk about losses, so to the outside world it looks like everyone is a winner. However, the facts speak a different language. If you stick with it, are diligent and have completed your 10-12,000 trades, you too will know how the market works. Trading is a profession that takes 7-10 years to learn properly.

If you persevere, you will reach your goal and I keep my fingers crossed for you.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Earn 30% more

Hello dear bionic traders,

Every trader would like to make more money in the same amount of time without taking on more risk. Today I want to show you a way to significantly improve your trading efficiency without changing your setup or approach. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice day and keep my fingers crossed for next week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Hehe, thank you. Well, I am now involved into trading for well over a decade and still have the feeling I haven't learn anything, having spend an incredible amount of time scrolling up and down the internet. Everything that has been advertised to me as "working" actually turned out to be not working for 1 cent.

The latest trend seems to be that it's all controlled and manipulated by the big market makers and without following them and trade like them it can't be done.

I somehow refuse to buy the story of having to use complicated fancy indicators, algorithms and all that to become/stay a consistent profitable trader but maybe you are right and it needs to be more complicated following that logic that otherwise everyone would just do it and the markets would no longer exist.

Maybe making a living from trading in the way of making long term consistent profits you can then withdraw from your broker's account on a monthly base is introduced by Bill Gates to keep mankind dumb

I more and more start to believe it's all ** and people who claim to be able to make a living from trading either live in a country where the average wage to make a living is at a $10 a month or simply live in fantasy land.

Anyway, have a nice weekend too and good success for the upcoming week.

I'm leaving with a quote.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
How do big players make profits

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post we look at different approaches of the big players and how they realize their profits with different strategies. This results in striking differences compared to the approach of retail traders, which also explains the high loss rate in the retail sector. In addition, I will show you why it is a big mistake to only focus on the market orders. Today we're going to look at six different strategies that the big players use to make the majority of their profits. Those who identify these strategies at an early stage have a clear market advantage.

Inserted Video

I wish you a happy weekend and keep my fingers crossed for next week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Important message to everyone who is visiting our thread for the first time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The bionic candle is a new type of candle display, with which one can identify most reversal points beforehand.

You can find all the information and videos here:

The secret of the bionic candle

Thank you and we look forward to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #559 ---
The secret of the stock market

Hello Iddd,

I think you speak to the soul of many thousands of traders here at FF. Basically, I can understand your reasoning because the market seems anything but logical. Since I have some time today, I would like to go into your statements in detail. Basically, I accept your opinion 100%, but I would like to take the opportunity to present my point of view. It's not about being right, because the stock market only works because there are different opinions.

Of course, many millions of traders are looking for the optimal setup every day and spend a lot of time on the Internet. But we must not assume that a successful trader will reveal all his secrets. For example, I myself have passed on a very large market advantage free of charge with the Bionic candle. But that's just a small part of my overall setup. For what reason should I publish my complete, personal market advantage here? Even if someone offers me money, I wouldn't be interested because I regularly earn money with my setup, which was created very laboriously. Furthermore, a trading philosophy is something that cannot easily be transferred from one person to another. It is something that one has to acquire oneself through the investment of time and effort. It's perfectly normal to feel like you haven't learned anything. Because only with a very complex money management representation can you see that you have actually improved, although you are mainly making losses.

The fact that the market is dominated by the big big players has nothing to do with a recent trend, it is simply due to the fact that the big players own the most capital. Incidentally, I do not believe that the markets are primarily manipulated, but that different opinions result in pricing that does not appear logical at first glance. If out of 100 traders only 5 traders are profitable and at the same time 50 traders claim to be able to make a living from it, it is clear that 90% are lying. Profits also have something to do with the right setup, but primarily the psyche is the decisive factor. When I started trading over twelve years ago, I was already financially independent and didn't have to trade for a living. I think looking back, that was an important reason why I was able to reached my break even point faster. As the saying goes: You should only trade with money that you could easily do without. If you want or have to make a living from trading, the pressure is often so great that many traders fail.

I want to come back to the big players. The fact is that there are no clear patterns in the market within candles, indicators or even in the price. This is due to the law of causality, which is governed by cause and effect. A price only changes because the market orders run into the limit orders. These different order types are brought into the market by algorithms in order to process different strategies. I have described some of these strategies of the big players in this video:

Inserted Video

Algorithms are nothing more than consecutive programs that are repeatedly issued in certain sequences and are also very complicated to program. It is therefore logical that these algorithms must show the same patterns over and over again. And that's why I've specialized in exactly that. However, this cannot be done with conventional Forex data, so I mainly work with stock market data. The market doesn't know if you're long or short, and the market doesn't care. You're the only one emotionally connected to your position. The market simply responds to supply and demand, and once you're committed to one direction, there's always someone else who's just as adamant that the market is going the other way. In order to be successful in a market, it is not crucial to be better than the big players, it is enough to be better than the average. Even if I only work mediocre with the algorithms, I have a clear market advantage because nobody deals with the algorithms. Trading is fundamentally a business of probabilities, and I lose money every day. But the trick is to accept these losses and to find a setup where the expected value is positive. No profession requires more hard work, intelligence, patience and mental discipline than successful speculation.

I find it impressive that you have persevered in trading for over ten years. Since you haven't found the right setup yet, you can't infer the fact that trading doesn't work. For example, I myself could never play football properly and therefore found the game stupid. However, there are soccer players who make a lot of money from it and these successful soccer players love the game. But compared to all football players, these are of course only a few. In trading it is basically the same.

If you want to do better than the crowd, you have to do things differently than the crowd. Sir John Templeton.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Thank's for your answer Michael. Hope you had a nice weekend.

Yes. I probably have to make my own plan or die trying...

--- 帖子 #561 ---
If you're determined and positive, you'll definitely get through this. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Important message to everyone who is visiting our thread for the first time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The bionic candle is a new type of candle display, with which one can identify most reversal points beforehand.

You can find all the information, indicators and videos here:

The secret of the bionic candle

Thank you and we look forward to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Hello Michael, I am still planning my trading career / re-entry.

Question: 1) Relation >Bionic chart >Tick data from broker >Data from futures market >metatrader 4

2) Is it possible to trade (buy/sell) directly from the tick chart (e.g. ovo-tick chart) with the Bionic Candles? 2.1 read there: Tick charts are off-line.

3) Relevance/meaning/integration/use together of: Future data;Tick chart; Bionic Candle; Metatrader 4. (Bionic Candle only to be used for MT 4?)

4)Future data relevant: "only" for algorithms; big player strategies to recognize and profit from.

4.1) Need other trading platform; programming (improvement of trading platform itself) plus the special filter settings.

5) don't have the computer science skills.

6) would like to start forex trading only with MT4 or MT5 plus Bionic Chart plus Tick chart.

6.1) Subscribing to future data makes sense for this purpose/combination.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Trading career / re-entry

Hello IQstoxx,

welcome to our blog. First of all, I can answer your questions only from my point of view, but since I don't know your personal trader situation, it is questionable whether this will really help you in the end. Each trader's setup must always be tailored specifically to himself, since every person has different skills. If you were a Formula 1 driver and got into my Formula 1 car, my Formula 1 setup could possibly cost you your life. I ask you to consider that first before I go into your questions.

My forex data basically runs parallel to my futures data, regardless of whether it is a tick chart or the bionic candle. You should work with an ECN or STP broker for this.

Of course it is possible to trade from a tick chart with the Bionic Candle, which would not make sense from my point of view, since the tick chart in MT4 requires considerable resources, which may have a negative impact on your ping values. My tick charts run exclusively on a Linux VPS server.

The Bionic candle in the forex market is significantly more efficient, since there are 7-10 times more ticks in the forex market than in the parallel futures market. As a result, certain movements are shown more clearly in the Forex Bionic candle.

I not only use the stock market data to identify the algorithms, but also my self-filtered limit orders are an essential point to find out what the big players are currently buying or selling. Another aspect is the pulling and stacking as well as many other important key figures. I will go into more detail on this in my next videos.

https://www.youtube.com/BionicsForexAlgorithmen

I work with an English forex broker and an American futures broker. In the Forex market I work with special tools, some of which I have made available here at Forex Factory. My exchange software translates the incoming exchange data according to my specified criteria. In fact, this requires special filter settings that I have put together over the past few years. For me, these attitudes are the key to success.

In order to work with my developed strategy, you do not need any programming knowledge. I only acquired them to understand how indicators work and to optimize my filter settings.

Due to my 4ms fast fiber optic line, an MT5 does not bring faster execution times for me. In addition, I have extensive programming knowledge in MT4, which makes it difficult to switch to MT5. There is a nice saying: never change a winning team

Participants in the Forex market have insufficient information about what is actually happening in the market. A price moves only because the market orders run into the limit orders. And it is precisely this information that is not available in the forex market. If you want to have a deeper insight into the market, you cannot avoid the future data.

However, you have to imagine my strategy and approach like a box full of Lego bricks. It all comes down to how you put those Lego bricks together to gain a trading advantage. For this you need the appropriate experience, which in turn can only be built up over the appropriate time (in my case 12 years).

I recommend you start with the bionic candle first to find out where the individual key candles are. If you can clearly see these zones, you will be able to identify 60-70% of the turning points beforehand. And that is already a huge trading advantage.

I keep my fingers crossed for your project and I hope that you will achieve all your goals.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Hello Michael, > thank you for quick, detailed, profound answer. > useful: trading within a tick chart with bionic candles when this runs via vps? > that's first what I wanted to ask here. > also need to upgrade pc hardware first. > and will follow your videos on youtube. > thanks

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Hello IQstoxx, you can find very detailed videos on my German YouTube channel on how to set up an optimal trading PC and why a VPS server is advantageous. For those who understand English better, there is also an English channel.

https://www.youtube.com/BionicsForexAlgorithms

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #567 ---
News & price are unimportant

Hello dear bionic traders,

today it's about the topic: Why news and price are not decisive for me. To get straight to the point, of course there are professional traders who value news and the price and also trade successfully with it. In this video we take a closer look at why I don't do that. You could possibly save a lot of time with these ideas in the long term and thus act even more efficiently in the future. In addition, we will review the extent to which news actually impacts the forex markets.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Currency exchange extreme

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post, we're going to look at the currency exchange which often play us traders into a false truth. Although a big player shoots massive market buy orders into the market, the price immediately falls sharply afterwards and we wonder how this can happen. I will also show you why the biggest big players in the world would never trade in the futures market and what to look out for when identifying a currency exchange transaction. In addition, I will show you why a footprint chart does not help us in retail.

Inserted Video

In principle, successful trading is just a series of different market information in order to derive a clear market advantage. It's not about being better than the big players, it's about being better than the average. And in the end, that is exactly the decisive market advantage that decides between profit and loss.

I wish you a nice weekend and a successful trade next week.

best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Trading with the algorithms of the big players

Hello dear bionic traders,

Today's post will be extremely exciting and interesting as we go into practice. Many have asked me what exactly I'm seeing on my trading screen, so I'll go into more detail on that in today's running chart. In the M1 I made a concrete price prediction that took over an hour and let's see if it was correct. Additionally, we look at my key zones and how they react to future course. Then I'll show you two trades that I previously planned and executed to the point. Finally, let's look at the costs that an algorithm trader incurs.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Hi sir! I admire your passion in trading and your drive to help us understand the market movement, sir I want to try your indicators, can I humbly request for the Bionic Histogram 6.3 with no Negative Values as to able compare easily the difference of size of current bar in histogram to recent previous? thanks you sir in advance and God Bless!

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hello karlmonfort, first of all thank you for your kind words. I understand your idea, but the histogram is only a support of the Bionic candlestick to identify the key candlestick. There are no patterns in the candlesticks as a candlestick is created just randomly by price and time. Therefore, it makes no sense to compare a bearish candlestick with a bullish candlestick. On the first page of this blog, you will find 8 videos that will make it easier for you to work with the Bionic Candle. I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you every success. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Analysis, do you need a trading coach?

Hello dear bionic traders,

many of you have asked me to speak a little more deeply about the topic of trading coaches. I would like to comply with this request today and have put together some interesting information for you. Ultimately, this is a lot of money at stake and the most important thing is that the trader is able to find optimal value for money. First of all, it is important to clarify to what extent training is worthwhile for you and what type of trainer is suitable for you.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice trading day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Function of the Big Player Algorithms

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post we will look at how a retail trader is able to use the algorithms to read the individual processes of the big players. There are a few prerequisites for this, which I will go into in detail today. Of course, you need the right technique for this, which I have talked about again and again in my numerous videos. Algorithms are increasingly dominating the market and helping the big players to achieve their goals faster and more effectively. For this reason it is important to deal with it carefully. In principle, algorithms are similar programs that also control industrial robots. There are clear schedules that are processed one after the other. In the industrial sector, you have to work just as precisely as in the stock market sector. Once they have been laboriously programmed, they then permanently carry out their specified program sequences. The big question is, is a retailer able to read these algorithms? Yes, it works, but only under certain conditions.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #574 ---
The end for futures in Europe?
Das Aus für Futures in Europa?

Important for all 300,000 European traders
Wichtig für alle 300.000 europäischen Trader

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

Private customers in Germany should also be protected from losing their entire assets in highly volatile market situations when trading futures. The Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) is therefore planning to restrict the marketing, distribution and sale of futures with additional payment obligations. Private customers would then no longer be allowed to trade in these products. Already 4 years ago, the traders in the field of CFD were incapacitated.

From BaFin's point of view, trading in financial products that are associated with an obligation to make additional payments entails considerable risks for retail customers. In highly volatile market situations, these products can result in unlimited losses. If the capital invested by an investor is not sufficient to compensate for losses, he must use his other assets to make up for it. Small investors can lose far more than their invested capital and in the past sometimes had to pay six-figure euro amounts as an additional payment. Therefore, extreme regulations must be expected.

What will future traders face, what will happen to American futures accounts and what alternatives are there? I have produced a current video on these questions, which will be published here tonight at 5:00 p.m. There you will get very interesting information that will save you a lot of money in the future.

Was wird auf die Future Trader zukommen, was passiert mit den amerikanischen Future Konten und welche Alternativen gibt es? Zu diesen Fragen habe ich ein aktuelles Video produziert, das heute Abend hier um 17:00 Uhr veröffentlicht wird. Dort erhaltet ihr sehr interessante Informationen, die euch zukünftig viel Geld sparen werden.

I wish you continued successful trading until tonight.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #575 ---
The end for futures in Europe?

Important for all 300,000 European traders

Hello dear traders,

The Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) plans to restrict the marketing, distribution and sale of futures with additional payment obligations. Private customers would then no longer be able to freely trade in these products. What will future traders face, what will happen to American futures accounts and what alternatives are there? To these questions I have produced a current video that could give you some answers.

Inserted Video

I wish you a continued successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Awesome video Michael, reminds me of the movie "Margin Call".

Also reminds me of the saying: "Cannot happen to me"...

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Hello Cuchuflito, thank you very much. Most people here on FF will have less stress with it. What I think is cool is that some futures traders who feel they are better than forex traders now have a big problem. That means we are on the right side at the right time. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Important message to everyone who is visiting our thread for the first time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The bionic candle is a new type of candle display, with which one can identify most reversal points beforehand.

You can find all the information, indicators and videos here:

The secret of the bionic candle

Thank you and we look forward to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Thanks, Michael.

Question: Any idea of how Brokers prepare themselves for Black Swans, and how that would affect the retail positions?

-Do they widen the spread massively to protect themselves from the losses of retailers, and from paying retailers who were sitting on the right side, huge amounts of money?

-I remember on the EURCHF black swan, people at FF were telling stories of brokers denying to honor their winning trades. Others complained that their stops had not been honored either, and they ended up with massive debts, and so on.

I believe at least in Europe, a margin call goes only as far as your full account. But that is no fun anyway.

I understand your trading method is designed to make a profit in the most efficient way, i.e. being exposed the least amount of time, and thus reducing the risk of getting hit by unexpected occurrences, which is remarkably smart.

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Protection from a black swan

Hello cuchuflito,

First of all, thank you very much for the very interesting questions, on which I am happy to give my opinion.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, the brokers have various options to protect themselves directly or indirectly against unexpected price developments. You can use your own strategies, such as heding, or reduce your risk positions with the help of the liquidity provider.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For example, if EURUSD is 40% short traders and 60% long traders, the broker would need to hedge a 20% short position through a liquidity provider to be out of risk. Of course, they can also open a corresponding position yourself, but this may involve special risks. Widening spreads only increases retail costs and brings more profit to the broker. This is not a hedging option. Some of the stories you heard about the EURCHF actually came true. So we take a closer look at this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On September 6, 2011, the Swiss National Bank issued the following press release:

National Bank sets minimum exchange rate of 1.20 francs per euro

The current massive overvaluation of the Swiss franc poses an acute threat to the Swiss economy and harbors the risk of deflationary developments. The Swiss National Bank is therefore aiming for a significant and lasting weakening of the Swiss franc. Effective immediately, it will not tolerate any euro-franc exchange rates below the minimum rate of 1.20 on the foreign exchange market. The National Bank will enforce the minimum exchange rate with the utmost determination and is prepared to buy unlimited foreign exchange. The franc is also highly valued at 1.20 per euro and should continue to weaken over time. If the economic outlook and the deflationary risks so require, the National Bank will take further measures.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From April to September 2012, the EURCHF approached the minimum exchange rate of 1.2. We can see that there was massive buying here and the price ran higher.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price then slowly went down again until it finally reached the minimum price of 1.2 again in December 2015. Since the Swiss National Bank had set the minimum exchange rate of 1.2, many assumed that the Swiss bank would intervene again here. At this point, the vast majority of traders were long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On January 15, 2015, the Swiss National Bank issued the following notification:

National Bank lifts minimum exchange rate and lowers interest rate to −0.75%.

The Swiss National Bank is abolishing the minimum exchange rate of 1.20 francs per euro. At the same time, it lowers interest on current account balances that exceed a certain exemption limit by 0.5 percentage points to −0.75%. It moves the target range for the three-month Libor further into negative territory to -1.25% to -0.25% from the previous range of -0.75% to 0.25%. The minimum exchange rate was introduced at a time when the Swiss franc was massively overvalued and there was great uncertainty on the financial markets. This extraordinary and temporary measure saved the Swiss economy from serious damage. Although the Swiss franc remains highly valued, the overall overvaluation has decreased since the minimum exchange rate was introduced. The economy was able to use this phase to adapt to the new situation. The differences in the monetary policy orientation of the major currency areas have increased significantly in recent times and are likely to become even more pronounced. The euro has depreciated significantly against the US dollar, as a result of which the Swiss franc has also weakened against the US dollar. Against this background, the SNB has come to the conclusion that the enforcement and maintenance of the minimum euro-franc exchange rate is no longer justified. To ensure that the lifting of the minimum exchange rate does not lead to an inappropriate tightening of the monetary framework, the National Bank is lowering interest rates significantly. When formulating its monetary policy, the SNB will continue to take the exchange rate situation into account. It therefore remains active on the foreign exchange market if necessary in order to influence the monetary framework.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After the abolition of the minimum price of 1.2, there were now some big players who immediately opened short positions. These short positions now reached the first stops of the long traders and now there was a massive chain reaction that led to a massive price drop.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since the majority were long positions in the market, the triggering of the stops brought massive market sell orders into the market, which smashed through all the limit buy orders below.

Why didn't the long traders' stops work in this situation?

Exiting a long position requires a buyer who believes the position will continue to move higher. however, since this black swan was created by triggering the long trader stops, there was no trader willing to buy in this situation at the time. Especially since this movement took place within a few seconds.

Why haven't many short traders received their book profits?

The price jumped down within a few seconds and put all market sell orders into the market that were created by the stops. After this mark of sell orders was depleted, the price was initially held up by limit buy orders. As the price went down so quickly there was no way to replenish liquidity on the limit sell side, creating a large gap within the DoM. Now some buyers came into the market with few market buy orders and an incredibly large spread. These market buy orders catapulted the market back up. This eliminated the short-term book profits of short traders.

In a few weeks I will produce a video entitled: Protection from a Black Swan.

I wish everyone a nice weekend

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Beware of these trading coaches

Hello dear bionic traders,

In the last few weeks I have received many inquiries from you about my opinion on certain trading coaches. Unfortunately, there is still no independent comparative test in this market to find the best coach. That's exactly why I want to give you some tips that can potentially save you a lot of money in the future. I can only give you these tips because I am not a trading coach myself. Since I have been a successful trainer in the field of financial intermediaries for over 20 years, I have the relevant experience of what to look out for in coaching. In principle, every coach who does not have the appropriate training in the financial market is dubious, but that is not yet criminal. Anyone can call themselves a coach, as this is not a protected profession. But it becomes criminal if the coach wants to enrich himself with your money through deception. Then we are in the area of investment fraud and there are hefty penalties for that. If you spend €10,000 on a used car, you will do everything you can to inspect this vehicle in the best possible way. You should do the same in the field of trading coaches. And another little tip: take your time. The markets don't run away from you, every day there are new opportunities in the stock market. In the video I show you what you should pay attention to so that you don't experience any nasty surprises at the end.

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed that you always make the right decisions in your life and I look forward to seeing you here again soon.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #582 ---
You should do without these trading coaches

Hello dear bionic traders,

In my last post we talked about the goals of coaching and mentoring and how to find out which type of coaching would be optimal. Today we talk about what to look for when looking for a coach or mentor and how to find the right trainer. In addition, you will receive a requirement profile that, in my opinion, a good and serious coach should meet. We also look at the costs and when coaching is actually worthwhile. Unfortunately, there is no comparison portal where you can compare the individual providers, so you are forced to listen to your inner voice. Most decisions are made emotionally, and many coaches use this situation to their advantage.

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed that you always make the right decisions in your life and I wish you a successful trading next week.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Breakouts see bevorhand

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's video I would like to take you on a week's journey, where I made ten predictions about the possible and future price development. You can then immediately see how right or wrong I was. In some of my videos we kept talking about my specially filtered limit orders and how important they are for a future price prediction. With this video we will examine these limit orders more closely and to what extent they can actually make a reliable price forecast. In principle, the greatest volatility was to be expected on Wednesday, June 16 at around 8:00 p.m., as the Fed promised a statement and a press conference there. The Euro-US Dollar was down 148 pips on the day, nearly double the average daily range. The press headline the next day read: Fed Decision Boosts Dollar. But is this statement true and was the Fed actually responsible for the price falling so sharply? We will deal with the question more intensively at the end and you will be amazed at what comes out of it.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice trading week.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #584 ---
The most effective candle on the market

Hello dear bionic traders,

Candlestick formations used to be a reliable indicator in trading, but with the advent of trading algorithms, these patterns have become increasingly ambiguous. This resulted in a new type of candle that follows this algorithmic approach of institutional traders. In today's post we will talk about these algorithmic candles and their advantages. The big players work with algorithms that make it easier for them to control individual market and limit orders. These algorithms are very difficult to program because they have to ensure communication between the individual order types. There are algorithms that scan the market for certain anomalies, e.g. hidden stops, and there are algorithms that trigger specific trading strategies. In the event of a breakout, market orders are fired into the market while simultaneously canceling limit orders that would be holding up your own market orders. In order not to have to program new algorithms every day, the internal processes remain within the algorithms. For this, the big players create invisible price zones in the market, which are simply shifted depending on the situation. This means that the algorithms can only be moved to a different price level and continue to follow their programming. For this purpose, an efficient candle was developed, which makes it easier to identify the invisible price zones of the big players and to determine possible trend reversals with a higher probability.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Why 90% of traders lose money

Hello dear bionic traders,

There are around 5 million retail traders worldwide, 90% of whom lose every month. That's a shockingly high number and at first glance you can't believe that such a high rate of loss is possible. In today's post we want to look at why this is in detail. In the videos I have produced so far, you will find good solutions that can help you in the future. We can gloss it over as we want. The fact is that only 5% of all traders make long-term profits. 5% are breakeven and 90% suffer losses. The dramatic thing is that the 5% who make profits unfortunately not all traders can make a living from it. The fundamental question is what reason should there be for you, of all people, to be one of the winners in the future. Maybe some of my approaches will help you, if so I would be very happy about it.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Hi Michael, I think last video will help lot of people if they think about it as deep as possible.  Markets are not made for retail traders and we think many times that trading is the easiest way for winning money.

Congratulations and many thanks for your help. I think Bionic candle is very powerful! waiting for these type of candles in ATAS!

Best

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Fact = opinion?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

Today, for once, it's about the exciting topic of opinion. In epistemology, an opinion or conception is understood to mean a form of belief that is different from knowledge and belief. It is absolutely correct that nowadays opinions are declared to be facts and recognized findings are downgraded to opinions. But what is fact and what is just an opinion? Among other things, courts deal with this question, which have to decide whether a statement is only an assessment covered by freedom of expression or an assertion of facts.

First of all, a factual statement can be verified, while an opinion cannot be classified as unequivocally right or wrong. But especially in the stock market environment, we deal with different opinions every day, which ultimately ensure that a price runs up or down. The very essence of the exchange is that anyone who trades there is bound to have a different opinion, otherwise a market buy order could never run into a limit sell order.

Let's take climate protection, for example. In political debates, opinions or unsubstantiated claims are often declared facts and at the same time scientifically recognized findings are demoted to opinions. US President Donald Trump and Brazil's President Bolsonaro have repeatedly claimed that there is no scientific evidence of climate change. This takes climate change down from a fact to an opinion, with the public now believing that this is just a matter of differing opinions. And it is precisely from these different opinions that every person now chooses what suits them best.

First of all, from my point of view, science has a certain share of the blame in this. Have you ever dealt very intensively with scientific papers? Globally, the proportion of scientists is probably around 1%. This group of scientists uses their own language, which is often not clear or understandable for the remaining 99%. Of course, a scientist wants to shine with his research, but one often has the feeling that he writes these papers more for his colleagues than for the other 99% of the people. And now comes the crucial point. What a person does not understand, he would never bring into the world as his own opinion. Perhaps we should start making scientific work understandable for normal people.

Of course, there are also countless scientific works in the field of stock exchanges, but due to the scientific language, they hardly get any attention among traders. We find here an academic paper from 2020, where the predictive power of adaptive candlestick patterns in the forex market (EURUSD) was examined. The finding that there are no clear patterns leading to a positive financial benefit was not surprising.

Attached File(s)   candlestick patterns in the forex market.pdf

2.0 MB
|
629 downloads

A candle arises from price and time. The price is created by random market orders entering the market running into the limit orders. At the same time, the random pulling or stacking within the limit orders decides whether a market order will go through or the market order will be held up. A candle is now formed from this price within a fixed time frame. This makes it logical and clear that this candle can only arise by chance. Probably no scientific work would have been needed for this.

The following derivation can now be made from this. In the Forex market, most indicators are calculated from price. Since we know that the price is determined only by chance, we must also assume that the information from the indicators will ultimately bring only a random result. However, this is only my opinion, which has not yet been scientifically verified.

It is said that between two different opinions, the truth always lies in the middle. I don't share this opinion, because in programming there is only 0 or 1. Unfortunately, there are few things in our world that we can judge correctly because of personal reservations. In addition, we are often manipulated. When an employee goes to his manager with his opinion and comes back with his opinion, it is called an exchange of views. That means we value people who speak their minds freshly and openly, provided they mean the same thing as we do.

Of course, freedom means having the right to tell others what they don't want to hear. The pinnacle of stupidity is the art of judging books without ever having read them. Some people find it difficult to think, which is why you judge. For this reason, before one shake his head, he should make sure that he actually have a head.

The problem with opinion is that most people don't have an opinion of their own. Either they have no opinion at all, or they adopt an opinion that suits you best. The challenge is, most of the time when you adopt an opinion, you've missed the chance to check that opinion first. Another problem is that people tend to believe the bad rather than the good.

The greatest power is public opinion. Nobody knows exactly who set it up, nobody questions it and everyone lets itself be influenced by it. As we all know, the crowd is always right. Incidentally, we also see this in the loss ratios in the Forex market . And then there is the very special opinion leader. He doesn't know what he's talking about, but he knows he's always right. Interestingly enough, it is precisely the uneducated who defend their opinion without knowing the exact background. It's like our watches, they run differently and yet you believe that only your own watch shows the right time. This means that every person declares their personal reality to be the correct reality.

And finally, there are the people who think mostly about what other people think of them. They know very well that in order to get enemies, it is not necessary to declare war. It's enough to just say what's on your mind. And that's the big problem in our lives. Because first man learns to walk and speak, later he learns to sit still and keep his mouth shut.

Of course, you can also make yourself unpopular at first in order to be taken seriously afterwards. But those who want to hear the truth should first ask themselves whether they can endure the truth.

But what solution could there be to ensure that opinions are handled well in the future?

Well first of all I believe that you should question all your opinions on a regular basis if you want to develop as a person. If you say A, you don't automatically have to say B, because you can also tell that A was wrong. Another interesting aspect is that women's hunches are usually more reliable than men's knowledge.

The saying: "How should I know what I'm thinking before I hear what I'm saying" sums it up perfectly. I have to question my opinion without questioning myself. Because as Konrad Adenauer said so beautifully: "What do I care about my chatter from yesterday, nothing prevents me from getting a little smarter every day".

The German word for opinion is "Meinung". The first syllable means mine and that says it all. Unfortunately, our life is always about being right, about being the better and the stronger. But unfortunately we are not, because there are 8 billion people in the world and from a statistical point of view there will always be someone who is better or faster than ourselves. That means we should treat other people with a little more respect in the future. As you move up the corporate ladder, you should be friendly to everyone because you will meet them again on the way down.

The statements made in this article only reflect my personal opinion, which is neither scientifically tested nor certified. As a human being, I allow myself to change or adapt my opinion at any time.

With a wink I wish you a very successful trading week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Why 90% of traders lose money

Hello canett,

First of all, thank you for your kind words. I absolutely agree with you that the markets are initially rather unsuitable for retailers in their constellation. If we compare the big players with Real Madrid, a beginner footballer will have next to no chance against these professionals. But in this market, different teams play against each other every day. If you train with very small stakes and tweak your setups over the years, you can potentially break even after 10,000 trades. Breakeven is a retail trader's greatest challenge. This goal is made possible by an initial and extreme loss limitation, by very small stops and contract sizes. In addition, you have to factor in average loss rates of 67% for the first 10,000 trades. This is difficult for most traders because they dream of big money. Trading can be learned, but always from the point of view of large numbers. It's like in football or tennis, the more often you have contact with the ball, the more accurate you become. As soon as the breakeven point is reached, only clever money management in combination with a possible probability of winning counts. An inexperienced kart driver will also drive slowly around the corners at the beginning and then increase the speed. Most beginners go full throttle in the market and are surprised when they fly out of the curve. So trading has nothing to do with profits for the first 10,000 trades, but initially with limiting the losses. And if you can limit losses, you will also be able to optimize your profits in the long term.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you every success.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Calculate trend reversal in advance

Hello dear bionic traders,

In the last post we learned about the benefits of the Bionic Candle and how to identify invisible price zones. Today we talk about some backgrounds that are crucial to generate future market advantages from it. In a normal candle chart, we cannot see the current strength within the candle. We will take a closer look at why this works with the Bionic candle. In addition, we will identify other key zones on the chart and see how the price reacts to them.

Inserted Video

I wish you a relaxing weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Important message to everyone who is visiting our thread for the first time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The bionic candle is a new type of candle display, with which one can identify most reversal points beforehand.

You can find all the information, indicators and videos here:

The secret of the bionic candle

Thank you and we look forward to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Part time strategy to become a successful trader

Hello dear bionic traders,

The dream of many people, they want to become a successful trader. But what's the smartest way to go about it? Do I jump in at the deep end and start full-time immediately, or is there a good alternative that offers me the necessary security and maybe even makes me profitable in 3 years. In addition, I will give you some important information that will significantly increase your probability of winning. For this I analyzed some 100,000 candles, the result is very interesting and will help you in trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #592 ---
This has been the most informative thread I have ever seen about trading on any social platform.... My deepset regards to Michael for sharing his deep knowledge and experience of the market with novices like myself... I have one specific query.... Is it possible to automate the process of these zones formation? The criteria are very specific. I think it should not be very hard for an indicator to draw these support and resistance areas based on predefined rules set down by the parameters....

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Hello MustafaHaide,

thank you for your kind compliment, I am happy if this information helps you. Of course, I have already thoroughly checked automatic zone creation, but unfortunately the zones cannot be automated because there are different rules that have to do with the procedures of the big players. These criteria cannot be recorded mathematically, so no derivations can be made from them.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you continued success.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Is there anyone can help me can code my strategy from manual to EA. Thank you.!

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Hello jed711,

if you would like to have an EA programmed, you should not post your request in random blogs, but find out beforehand where you can be helped. Many blog owners do not react positively to such actions. Just have a look here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...indicators-for

or here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...robot-for-free

I wish you success. Michael

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Trading is cheating?

Hello dear algorithm traders,

there are always voices claiming that trading is mostly cheating as most traders lose. When looking for a possible scammer, we need to analyze the foreign exchange market. First of all, a retail trader needs a broker, who in turn passes on the orders to a liquidity provider, which allows direct access to the foreign exchange market. In the foreign exchange market, the respective orders then meet the larger market participants. The processes are similar in the futures or stock market. This gives five candidates for possible fraud or excessive losses. In today's article, we will review these five target groups with the help of data, facts and figures. Very interesting things come to light, which even I would not have expected beforehand.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Part time, 100 times less losses

Hello dear bionic traders,

Today I will show you how a part-time trader who tries to break even, loses only € 160 instead of € 16,000 and has the same learning effect as someone who has lost € 15,480 more. In addition, I will show you exactly how you can reach your breakeven point much more efficiently and at what point it makes sense to recoup your losses. We will also look at real examples from practice.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Hello Michael.

I just found your blog here in the forum. I could immediately feel that it was something very special. So much knowledge, information etc......, amazing. I've just started reading your posts (there are many, but it reads like an exciting book) and watching the videos is a particular highlight. I am really impressed. I look forward to every further video from you. Thank you for your extraordinary and unique commitment.

This learning material is a great enrichment for me.

Best regards

_________________

Michael.MSA

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Bionic Chart - The easiest forex navigation

Hi Michael,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for the great compliment, which I would also like to pass on to all subscribers who support this blog with their great ideas and contributions. I am very happy if this information helps you, this blog was created precisely for this exchange. With the Bionic candle you get an instrument that gives you a lot of information in trading without overloading your chart. According to the statements of many traders who have reached me privately, the Bionic candle could one day become a serious competitor to the previously known candles. What is much more important, however, is that retailers are given the opportunity to defend themselves against the sometimes unfair actions of the big players and at the same time increase their chances of winning. If that should happen one day, I can be more than satisfied.

I wish you every success here and keep my fingers crossed for you.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Maximum loss of € 160 as a scalper

Hello dear algorithm traders,

Today's video is about the most important topic: your breakeven point, which 90% of all traders have not yet reached. I will show you exactly which points you have to pay attention to in order to reach this breakeven point as efficiently and quickly as possible. I will also present you with practice results from a trading beginner who only started trading as a part-time scalper a few weeks ago. Very interesting insights come to light that will certainly save you a lot of money in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Important message to everyone who is visiting our thread for the first time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The bionic candle is a new type of candle display, with which one can identify most reversal points beforehand.

You can find all the information, indicators and videos here:

The secret of the bionic candle

Thank you and we look forward to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Margin Call

Hello dear algorithm traders,

Today's post is about leverage and margin and what exactly you need to do to avoid a future margin call. We deal with the question to what extent high leverage is dangerous and what advantages and disadvantages result from margin trading. Is a lever a loan and why can you achieve such a supposedly high return with it? Overall, we will come to some results that many of you would not have expected.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Trading with debt capital, demo or real money

Hello dear algorithm traders,

Today we're making a big movie, because we will compare the differences between debt capital, demo and real money trading. We look at the extent to which demo trading is helpful and also talk about the different emotions that we encounter every day in trading. We will also look at how we can optimally train these emotions in the future. In the overall result, you will at the end see a clear procedure with which you will have your emotions under control in the future. The choice is yours, you can choose to trade, where your chances of success are around 10%. Or you opt for self-employment where the chances of success are 5 times higher, at around 50%. Are you aware of these probabilities and still want to decide to trade?

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Future versus Forex

Hello dear algorithm traders,

now that futures have also slipped into BaFin's focus, we will have to reckon with significant regulations in this area in the coming months. Of course, there are already various future brokers who, together with their trading coaches, want to calm the heated spirits and promise you a future solution. Don't worry you will be able to continue trading futures with us in the future. The question is always at what price? For this reason, today we will compare the already regulated forex market with the future regulated futures market.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #605 ---
How to save a lot of money in the future

Hello dear bionic traders,

Many of you already know my Bionic Candle, which I developed years ago and which has already been downloaded more than 17,000 times from my blog. Since the question of which currency pairs the Bionic candle works well in keeps coming up, I would like to provide you with two tools today that you can use to calculate the efficiency of your currency pair yourself. The senseless war in Ukraine has made many markets more volatile, even affecting the EURUSD, causing spreads to widen, making profitable trading difficult. With the tools I provide, you can make your trading more efficient.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First you will receive an Excel tool from me, as well as two additional indicators that you can download at the end of the article. You need these tools to be able to calculate your optimal currency pair.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side you can see the most important currency pairs, of course you can also enter indices or commodities there.

Point A

Now it's about finding out what the average spread of your ASSETS is. First of all, there is a target spread that your broker would like to achieve. However, the markets are volatile, so the spread is constantly changing. In the field you should enter the average spread of your broker. Although some brokers offer a favorable spread of 0.1 or 0.2, the commission must also be added to this. If you don't have an average spread, take the cheapest spread and add 50%.

Point B

Now it's a matter of calculating the average ATR in the M1. I have deposited an indicator (Avarage Candle) for you.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A you simply enter the value 1 for the 1 minute ATR.

At Point B you simply enter the number of candles to be calculated. But please note: if you enter 10,000 candles, for example, make sure that 10,000 candles are also available in the M1, otherwise you will get an incorrect value. Once you have installed the indicator, you can simply change the currency pair in MT4 and then you will get the corresponding ATR.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When you have entered all the numbers, it's time to calculate.

The value: loss and win in minutes should always be the same. Here it is calculated how much is won or lost in a certain time. Under Trades simply enter the number of trades to be calculated and under WIN how many of those trades win. And that's it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now you see the result. At the beginning the currency pair, the spread and the ATR are listed again.

Point A

Here, the average ATR is used to calculate how many seconds a trade needs to make a profit.

Point B

Here it is calculated how high the loss is within 3 minutes.

Point C

Here it is calculated how high the profit is in 3 minutes.

Point D

The probability of loss refers to a loss and a win.

Point E

In this example, five wins are calculated over 3 minutes each, you can of course change the setting.

Point F

In this example, five losers are calculated over 3 minutes each, you can of course change the setting.

Point G

Here you can see the total result from point E and F, which is displayed in pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I have now compared the most efficient and the worst currency pair. 20 trades of 3 minutes are taken with a 50% chance of winning. EURUSD makes a loss of -10 pips while AUDNZD makes a loss of -60 pips. That's a difference of -50 pips and six times the loss. So we see how important it is to find the right currency pair. The numbers and rankings will of course change based on volatility and spread. Therefore, I recommend each trader to carry out an individual calculation.

Compared to many currency pairs, the EURUSD is a rather slower fellow, but for me it has the highest probability of making the most efficient profits. Of course, sometimes one wishes for more movement in EURUSD, which is why I prefer the downmoves as they are 30-40% faster than the upmoves. Overall, I have found my ideal currency pair with the EURUSD and can set up my five screens exclusively for this currency pair. This means I have all the important information at a glance without having to switch between pages, which is time-consuming, and I can concentrate solely on the market and my trading. With the help of these tools, you may be able to trade and make money much more efficiently in the future.

I hope this helps you and I look forward to continuing our great collaboration on this blog.

Greetings Michael

Attached File(s)   bionic currency calculator.xlsx

24 KB
|
538 downloads
Attached File(s)   Average Candle.ex4

4 KB
|
556 downloads
Attached File(s)   Spread_5digit.ex4

9 KB
|
477 downloads

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Very interesting thread, thank you very much for sharing!

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Hello butcher,

Welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind words. Since we never know where a price will go in the future, we traders always have to work with probabilities. My last post can help optimize these probabilities. I am happy if this information helps you.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and look forward to hearing from you.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Attachment g Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Hello Krakoff, basically this was a good trading idea, however the yellow candle was not the key candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I've marked the key candle with the blue arrow and outlined the zone in yellow. However, the yellow candle was a confirmation within the key candle. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Sensation in the forex market

Hello dear bionic traders,

Since 1984, the World Cup Trading Championships (WCTC) has held a World Trader Championship every year. There are different categories and I only compared 3 categories stocks, forex and future. Only real money is traded over a period of one year. The returns are not representative of all traders, but provide a rough overview as all participants had the same conditions. The average return across all categories is 190% per year. It should be clear to everyone that such a return can only be achieved with an increased willingness to take risks in trading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stocks

In the area of equities, an average performance of 81% per year was achieved within 11 years

Forex

In the Forex sector, an average performance of 133% per year was achieved within 12 years

Futures

In the futures area, an average performance of 339% per year was achieved within 34 years

In my opinion, the stocks market is one of the most difficult markets to trade on the stock exchange, because a lot of background information is necessary for good performance. A return of over 81% is an absolute top performance in this market segment. Now let's compare the forex market to the futures market. Basically, it is noticeable that the yield in the futures market is 2.5 times as high as in the forex market. However, it must be noted that many beginners trade in the forex market, while the futures market is used almost exclusively by professionals and experienced traders. Many traders who started out in the forex market are now trading in the futures market. Based on the figures, it can be assumed that trading in the stock market is almost 4 times harder and in the forex market 2.5 times more difficult than in the futures market. This is fundamentally an important finding when trading in one of these markets.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Last year there was a small sensation in the field of the World Cup. It was the first time in the history of this world championship that a forex trader had more returns in one year than a futures trader. But this return was not an isolated case, because even in the following places 2-5, the forex traders were able to achieve significantly higher returns than their future colleagues. The average return for the top five places was 169.3% in the futures market, while the forex market returned 232.1%. That's a whopping 37% more returns. It was noticeable that the top five places in the forex market came from European countries. So far, the futures market has been able to clearly defend its supremacy, but that could possibly change in the future. And nobody should claim that the Forex market is only a market for beginners. Of course, one swallow doesn't make a summer, but I think many will now realize that the forex traders will be a force to be reckoned with in the future.

I wish you a successful trading week.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Read charts correctly

Hello dear algorithm traders,

Many traders spend their lives searching for the holy grail. You dream of recognizing every turning point in advance as possible in order to earn a lot of money with it. In today's post we talk about how a trader is able to read the charts correctly over the long term. An important topic here are the price gaps that we encounter again and again in the chart. With the stock market wisdom that 90% of all price gaps are closed again, traders often get involved in daring trade executions. In today's post we look at the largest gap in EURUSD that has emerged in the last ten years and how traders have reacted to it. At the end we look at an outbreak and how you can clearly identify it beforehand.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Oh what a good help, thanks, I'm learning this wonderful system

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thank you Bionic for your appreciation

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Big Player Ping Pong Strategy

Hello dear algorithm traders,

In today's video, we're going to look at a new strategy used by the big players that has been tested over and over for the past few months. In this way, the big players increase their efficiency in trading on the one hand and reduce their risk at the same time. In one of my last videos: "How do big players achieve returns" and "extreme currency exchange", we have already dealt with different strategies of the big players, which are increasingly violating the requirements of the stock exchange supervisory authorities. The supervisory authorities have no chance of identifying these violations, because how do they intend to check container loads full of paper with the orders submitted in the foreseeable future? In addition, it is very difficult to review the algorithms in place at this point in time to understand their impact on each order execution.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun and good luck in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #617 ---
The SWOT analysis

Hello dear algorithms traders,

In today's post, we're starting a new series of interesting information that so far many traders have neglected. The background: We traders often focus on systems, setups, algorithms or strategies without thinking about ourselves first. Success is often so close to us, but we don't see the forest for the trees. That is why we doggedly concentrate on things that actually do not get us any further. Not the volume or a new indicator ensure our breakthrough, but only the knowledge about ourselves. So we are daily in search of the holy grail, without knowing that it is right in front of our noses. In the frenzy of defeating the market, we forget the crucial point, who we are ourselves.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun and good luck in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Hello krakof, here is my idea

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Important message to everyone who is visiting our thread for the first time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The bionic candle is a new type of candle display, with which one can identify most reversal points beforehand.

You can find all the information, indicators and videos here:

The secret of the bionic candle

Thank you and we look forward to a constructive exchange with you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Protection from a Black Swan

Hello dear algorithm traders,

In today's post, we're going to talk about how we can protect ourselves from possible losses on a black swan. Unexpected and improbable events with a significant impact are referred to in economics as black swans. There have been massive price losses on the stock exchange in recent years, which have driven many traders to ruin. Of course, such black swan events cannot be predicted and that is exactly why it is important to achieve the highest possible level of security in order to be optimally protected in the “worst case”. There are a few ways to do that, which we'll cover in this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun and good luck in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #622 ---
What type of trader are you?

Hello dear bionic traders,

Today's post was very laborious to create, because I translated the most important content from my video into English again especially for you. Since there are different terms for certain words, there may be errors or inconsistencies in my translation. I ask for your understanding, although I have tried very hard. Unfortunately, I was only able to translate the 10 most important slides. If you want to create this trader analysis optimally, I ask you to proceed as follows. Read my English text first and then watch the video. There you can see exactly how to proceed with the analysis. Then you can answer the questions and make your evaluation. I wish you alot of fun. You can find all the questions in English on my blog at Forex Factory. Here is the link:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post13667535

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun and good luck in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #623 ---
What does volume trading bring?

Hello dear traders,

over the past twelve years, volume trading has been pushed by many trading coaches because it has been a very lucrative source of income for them. In today's post, we're going to take a close look at how volume trading increases our probability of winning. Can you actually determine most of the reversal points with volume trading in advance and is it worth booking the expensive volume seminars of the trading coaches? In this respect, today is a very interesting topic that I think will open the eyes of many traders. However, as with all free information, in the end each participant will have to decide for themselves how to use this information for themselves.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Indeed Bionic Charts are forex easiest navigation, the accuracy of entries is impecable. Thank you Bionic, for bringing Bio charts to our attention. I will gladly participate in this project from now on. I have been reading and practicing for the past 2 days and am thrilled by your discovery. Regards.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Hello rhinohorn, welcome to our blog. I am very pleased that this information is helpful to you and that you are taking part in our project. On the first page you will find extensive information in the form of videos. In the further course of this thread you will receive extensive ideas with pictures and text. I keep my fingers crossed for you and hope that this free information will help you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Concrete chances against big players

Hello dear traders,

in my last two videos I showed you how to analyze your strengths and weaknesses in order to increase your chances and minimize the risks. Today we want to compare the strengths and weaknesses of the big players with the retail traders and work out where our greatest opportunities lie. As always, it is my personal opinion, which of course can be very different from other traders. Many traders assume that the big players have formed a secret consortium, coordinate, work together and manipulate prices. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Who brakes, loses

Hello dear traders,

today's post is about the most important topic that affects both beginners and advanced traders. Of course, this not only applies to trading, but also to many situations in our lives. Everyone knows that moment when you think about giving up. The thought is seductive because it's easier to give up than to keep pursuing your goal. The decisive factor is that people with particularly high ambitions always have to accept setbacks and this is exactly where the wheat separates from the chaff. There have always been people who have already achieved the impossible. Whether they built a global corporation out of a garage, conquered an illness or achieved something nobody believed in. Continuing where most people give up is what makes us oustanding and has produced many “winners”. If our path were always easy, everyone would walk it. 99 percent of the time it's just our thoughts that make us fail. Let's see how we can trick these thoughts with different measures.
Inserted Video

I wish you a nice day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #628 ---
I still not understand about key candle. When the candle break the sideway base, this candle call key level. So, how many candle create a sideway base?

I see your example show the minimum is 2 candle.

Finally, I'm very happy when finding your thread. I' help me a lot.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
what can we depict here from the euro monthly chart? I see a key candle highlighted in the pic below, but sadly my broker data doesn't allow me to go to a smaller timeframe from 2000's.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hello rhinohorn, You can download historical data up to 1971 in MT4. This has nothing to do with your broker. Here's a guide.

https://youtu.be/BDIOYyGHRws

Once you've downloaded all the data, you'll need to update each time unit individually for your broker data to be integrated. In EURUSD I can go back to 1971 in all time units. But you have to enter the number of candles in the MT4 options. I hope this helps you further. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Hello nguyencudu92,

Welcome to our blog and I am glad that the information is helpful to you. On the first page of this thread I have produced 8 extra videos, where I explain all the essential points about the bionic candle in more than an hour. I hope this helps you further. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Monthly & annual chart

Hello rhinohorn,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

here is an example of my monthly chart (start 1971) using the Bionic Candle.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In addition, you can even overlay an annual chart if desired.

You can find the indicator here, if you want to change the colors you can change that in the meta editor.

Attached File(s)   Candles-Yearly.mq4

5 KB
|
412 downloads

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #633 ---
The big players' iceberg orders

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we will take a closer look at the iceberg orders. What is the difference between native and synthetic iceberg jobs, where and when are they used? We create a profitability analysis of iceberg orders compared to normal limit and market orders and look at some examples where iceberg orders are increasingly used. The distribution of iceberg orders based on the total volume is also interesting. As always, my contributions are only about my personal opinion or experience. The measures available to traders have not changed significantly for centuries and probably millennia since the first type of trading venues were established. The speed with which certain orders are delivered to the exchange, how the exchanges process them and give appropriate feedback has changed significantly. Also, the market data has changed significantly, mainly due to the improved technology and bandwidth. Market data today enables much greater market transparency.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Identification of the iceberg orders

Hello dear traders,

today we will deal more closely with the identification of the iceberg orders. We look at an example of how a big player makes volume available to himself without performing a currency exchange. What is the difference between MBO and MBP data and is MBO data really worth it? There are some providers of stock market software who promise that they can be used to identify the majority of iceberg orders, which we will also take a closer look at.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #635 ---
An alle deutschen Trader

Hallo liebe Trader,

ihr kennt ja bereits die Bionic Kerze, die seit 2019 knapp 20.000mal runtergeladen wurde. Dafür habe ich auch einen englischen Thread erstellt, wo ich bisher 8 englische Videos über die Bionic Kerze veröffentlicht habe. Diese 8 Videos habe ich nun extra für euch in Deutsch übersetzt und dafür einen deutschen Kanal eröffnet. Damit wird der Austausch für alle die Deutsch sprechen noch einfacher.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ex-algorithmen

Da die Hauptsprache bei FF Englisch ist, befindet sich der deutsche Thread in der Members Lounge. Dafür müsst ihr bei Forex Factory registriert sein, sonst kommt ihr dort nicht rein. Bei YouTube sind die Videos übrigens nicht öffentlich zugänglich.

Ich hoffe, dass ich euch damit weiterhelfen konnte und freue mich auf einen weiteren Austausch.

Ganz liebe Grüße Michael

--- 帖子 #636 ---
How does stock market / DoM

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we'll take a look at how the stock market actually works and why many traders get fail even with the highly acclaimed volume trading. To this end, I have created a very interesting comparison for you today that will bring you right in the eye of the tornado and thus give you a better understanding of the actual cause of the price movement. In principle, I explain here in the simplest way how the DoM works in the stock market. At the end I will give you an understanding of my exact approach in trading and why it works so well.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Projekt Bionic Zonen

Hello dear bionic traders,

Today's post is about an exciting project to which I would like to invite all German-speaking traders. This is about my bionic candle, which was developed many years ago and follows the institutional approach of the big players. Eight months ago I created a new thread for this at Forex Factory (the largest trader platform in the world), but there are many traders in Germany who have a little difficulty with the English language. For this I have now created a German-language thread to which I would like to invite you today. I even produced eight German videos about the bionic candles, which you can of course find free of charge on this thread. Incidentally, these 8 videos are not available on YouTube. I look forward to you all.

Hallo liebe Bionic Trader,

in dem heutigen Beitrag geht es um ein spannendes Projekt zu dem ich euch alle einladen möchte. Hierbei geht es um meine, vor vielen Jahren entwickelte Bionic Kerze, die dem institutionellen Ansatz der Big Player folgt. Vor acht Monaten habe ich dafür bei Forex Factory einen neuen Thread erstellt, allerdings gibt es in Deutschland viele Trader die sich mit der englischen Sprache etwas schwertun. Dafür habe ich nun einen deutschsprachigen Thread erstellt zu dem ich euch heute herzlich einladen möchte. Dafür habe ich sogar extra acht deutsche Videos über die Bionic Kerzen produziert die ihr natürlich kostenlos auf diesem Thread findet. Diese 8 Videos stehen übrigens bei YouTube nicht zur Verfügung. Ich freue mich auf Euch.

Inserted Video

Ich wünsche euch eine sehr erfolgreiche Woche

Liebe Grüße Michael

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Hello Bconic, what do you think of my euro zones in 5min?

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello rhinohorn, I think you hit the zones quite well, but there was also a zone above them. The reason why the price kept going up was to get all the short traders out first. After that the price dropped. If you know how the big players work, the zones are even easier to draw. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Is there a document/file you can recommend for me to read and learn about how the big players work? my knowledge is still limited there. Thanks Bionics

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hello rhinohorn, unfortunately there is no such thing, since every market has special requirements and different big players are active there. A very large bank from Germany, for example, specializes in the EURUSD and GBPUSD. Some banks get 60% of their total profits from the Forex market, checking accounts are no longer worthwhile. It took me more than 10 years to understand exactly what they are doing there. Watch my videos, which I make available for free, observe the market and learn from your mistakes. Work with the Bionic candle and focus on the big players. Trade 0.01 lots with real money only until you break even. I know this doesn't sound easy and it isn't. Because the Forex is the most demanding market in the world. In contrast, the future market is a children's birthday party, because no really big player would trade there. But when you break even, you really are among the best traders in the world.

By the way, you can find some of the best traders in the world in my buddy list.

All the best for the future. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Currency strength in forex

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about currency strength, an advantage that you only get in the foreign exchange or forex market but not in the futures market. We look at the individual effects and whether you can use this information to increase your probability of winning. We also compare paid currency meters with free currency meters, the result will surprise you. With the right approach, by the end of my post you will be able to immediately identify the strength of 28 different currency pairs. You will of course get the appropriate tools from me. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice day.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Important message
for everyone who wants to work with my templates in the field of currency strength

Hello dear traders,

The Currency Strength Indicator (MADash), developed by honestknave, has been time locked for security reasons. Every year he became unlocked for free for all members. You should download the latest version here.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13330853

Please exchange this (MADash) for the old MADash in my templates, then everything will work.

I wish you a nice day, greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Trader rip off

Hello dear bionic traders,

in today's post we look at how we retail traders are being ripped off by different institutions and companies. Of course we are in a free market economy, but that is by no means a license to use unfair methods to get traders' money. Money is exchanged very quickly on the stock exchange and it is therefore clear that this attracts many rip-offs. I don't want to give the impression that everyone on the stock market is a rip-off. Of course, the majority of companies are fair and honest, otherwise nobody would probably speculate on the stock market anymore. However, more than 88% of traders lose their money in the long term and it has nothing to do with a lack of perception or reduced intelligence. The solution is just a clever combination of different factors that we're going to talk about today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Hello Bionics, Thank you for the wonderful thread and the videos. The system seems pretty powerful. I just started going through and trying to manually identify the consolidation areas and the bionic candle (zone )

Does the following look accurate for BTCUSD? Appreciate your comments.

I am using split positions to trade in the zone as i do not have the expertise to accurately identify the bionic candle yet.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Hello Smmtrader, first of all, welcome to our blog. In fact, the Bionic candle has some advantages, it works best in markets with high liquidity. Unfortunately, this is not the case in Bitcoin, as there are no big players there. Therefore, the informative value of the bionic candle is not as precise there as in EURUSD, for example. In my opinion, the key candle should be in the 30,100-29,900 price range, but I can't make a clear statement on this because I'm not familiar with this asset. I wish you a great weekend, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Thank you so much, Bionics. Wish you a wonderful weekend.

Would you kindly comment on XAUUSD? The Blue extended zone represents the bionic candle on M15 - i think.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On M5 (drilling down further), i see the following - this is probably more accurate and represents a lower risk trade if it happens

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #648 ---
TradingView

Hello Smmtrader,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

with the display on Tradingviev, you will not get any further in the long term, since the bionic candle does not exist there. Unfortunately, if you want to work with the Bionic candle, this is only possible on the MT4. Through a special programming, information is conveyed within the candle in order to identify the crucial zones. You need this, otherwise it won't work.

I wish you a nice weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Revision of the Bionic Templates

Hello dear bionic traders,

the bionic templates on the first page have been completely revised and now also give you a deeper insight into the market.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I hope this information will help you and I wish you the best of luck.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Real returns in trading

Hello dear bionic traders,

A question that occupies every trader is: How much return can you generate with trading and how much money do you need to be able to live on it? We will deal with exactly this topic today and look at different models. We will look at the returns of the most successful institutional traders as they are more comparable to a retailer than a big player. Of course, we will of course also critically examine and question some statements from different trading coaches. All in all, an exciting topic that we can look forward to.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Trading Life Balance

Hello dear bionic traders,

in today's post we talk about Trading Life Balance. I have summarized some aspects for you that are very interesting. Trading Life Balance means achieving moderate monthly performance with the least amount of stress, risk and effort. At first glance this seems harder than it really is. There are a few basic requirements that we look at in this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #652 ---
New FF indicator scam
100 FF programmers are probably affected

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

Forex Factory is the world's largest platform for retail traders and ranks 7,000th of all websites. This means that many people come to this website every day and use the free information that is primarily provided by the Impact Members. The demand for MT4 indicators is particularly popular with FF because it can save a trader a lot of time and money. On FF there are the best MT4 programmers in the world who have been making their indicators available to everyone for free for many years. On the open market, such indicators sometimes charge a few hundred dollars, although these indicators do not work as well as the indicators that you can download for free from FF. Very creative traders program helpful indicators every day and thus enrich many 1000 traders.

Unfortunately there are people who don't make money trading and aren't creative to program indicators or EA's. They use the creative ideas of the FF programmers, steal their indicators and get rich from them. But now a new case has come to light where more than 100 FF programmers are probably affected because their free indicators are being sold by a scammer for a lot of money. I have published an article on this in the thread: "Scammers - Hall of Shame", which you can read here.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post14021391

PS: Duped scammers scold the loudest.

I wish you a nice day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Better well chewed than badly invented

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

I've been with Forex Factory for more than 4 years now and am proud to be part of a large and innovative community. The reason I joined FF after 7 years full time trading was the exceptional contributions of Hanover and many of his colleagues who are still active today. I was impressed that these people were willing to invest a lot of time to share their knowledge, so that beginners and advanced users in particular could benefit from it. Davit, Ata-Turkoglu, hanover, gatorinla, emmanuel7788, traderathome or FerruFX they all unselfishly support many thousands of traders every day and invest the most valuable thing they have: their time. It doesn't matter which strategy or approach you work with, what matters is that you convey your creative ideas to others and help them with it. These 7 largest high impact members have been with Forex Factory for an average of 13 years and are not a role model for many thousands of traders for nothing. Of course, this also applies to many other high impact members that I could now list here. All of these traders and programmers have one thing in common: getting better every day. And they can only do that with their passion and creativity. The forexmarket is developing incredibly fast, which requires creativity. Few people possess this creativity, however, and some copycats are now trying to use the creativity of others to their advantage.

Today I would like to show you another candidate, this time as a copycat, trying to bring his bad products to the unsuspecting trader with my name. Copycats are so-called startups that imitate already successful business models and thus suggest that they are more successful than they actually are. Basically, there is nothing wrong with someone using the name Bionic, because I didn't invent the term either. However, these are three terms: Bionic Forex Algorithms which are only used by the copycat to pretend seriousness and thus market its catastrophic products.

I haven't registered a trade myself, because you don't need that as a forex trader in Germany. This is only necessary if you sell indicators, trading products or trading seminars, for example. Like other High Impact Members, I make my creative ideas and developments available to all traders at Forex Factory free of charge. If a copycat now appears under my name just to enrich itself financially with junk products, then I have a moral problem with it. For this reason, I would like to make this procedure of the copycat public, so that beginners in particular do not fall for such scammers. I have published an article on this in the thread: "Scammers - Hall of Shame", which you can read here.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post14024215

PS: Man has three ways of acting wisely: by thinking is the noblest, by imitation is the simplest, by experience is the most bitter.

I wish you a nice day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #654 ---
PC tips in trading

Hello dear bionic traders,

in the last few weeks, many of you have asked me again and again about the optimal components in trading and what exactly is important in the field of technology. In today's post, I'm going to give you some tips and tricks that will save you a lot of time and money in the future. The right approach is crucial in order to put together the right equipment and find the best price-performance ratio. We've already talked about this topic a few times, but today we're going to go into the technology a little more intensively and look at what exactly is important.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Yield triangle EURUSD

Hello dear traders,

The yield triangle for the Dax or the S&P has existed for many years, but not for the EURUSD so far. This was probably also due to the fact that the EURUSD is a typical sideways market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The average monthly return short was -2.19% and the average monthly return long was 2.26%.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the year side things were a bit different as EURUSD has risen slightly more than fallen over a 50 year period.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the weekend I created a yield triangle in the EURUSD for you. The returns are approximate values, as there are different types of offsetting for interest, not all of which can be recorded here. The right side is buying at the beginning of the year and the bottom side is selling at the end of the year. You can find an example on the slide. Of course, I have also created the Yield Triangle as a PDF for download. I hope that the information will help you.

Continued success.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Morning Michael,

Thank you for this interesting thread. I am working on a longer term 'ranging' strategy (1 year +). From your observations which currency pairs have you found to range the most over a 1-3 year timespan? According to your latest post the EURUSD appears to be a strong candidate.

I would appreciate any comments you may have.

Regards,

Kevin.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Volatility in the market

Hello Kevin,

the volatility (range of fluctuation) of a currency depends on the respective market orders and limit orders in the market. The more big players there are in the market, the less volatile a currency is. EURUSD is not that volatile as this is where most of the big players control the market. An Apple share or Bitcoin are much more volatile because there are no big players to be found there. The more volatile a currency pair, the more dangerous it is to trade. Of course, at the same time there is also the chance to win faster, but we must not forget that 88% of all participants lose. The EURUSD, from a volatility perspective, is actually very boring, but in the EURUSD I can see exactly what the big players are collecting and with the help of the algorithms I am able to predict their next move. That's why I only work in this "boring" currency pair.

All the best for the future.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Big players in the equity, currency and futures markets

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we talk about the biggest big players in the stocks forex and futures market. We look at the corresponding sales of the various assets and compare them with one another. Where are the biggest big players and why are they not so easy to identify in certain markets? Why is there a higher probability of winning in one market than in the other and how can you reduce your liability risk? Why do some big players avoid certain markets? These are just a few of the questions we are dealing with today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Current bionic chart

Hello dear bionic traders,

Here you can see an H1 chart in Euro US Dollar from the end of April until today. In early May, the price moved higher and we start from the key candle (Point A)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

This key candle was supported by the short traders who, in the underlying equilibrium, thought price was about to turn back.

Point B

After the price went up more strongly and came back, it was rejected in zone A for the first time.

Point C

The price ran into Zone A for the second time and made a new low to pull the long traders out. Here the price was rejected for the second time in the zone and ran back up.

Point D

This time, price ran almost to the end of the zone, but was only rejected up a short distance. The price then broke the yellow line, which was the bottom of Zone A. Pay attention to which candle breaks through the yellow zone first.

Point E

Exactly this candle now represents the new zone E.

Point F

Again we see a strong key candle where I have marked the lower area with a yellow line.

Point G

On the retrace, price entered zone F and was rebuffed sharply to the upside.

Point H

Here you can again see which candle breaks through the yellow line of Zone F. This created a new zone H.

Point I

Initially, the price went down more sharply and formed a larger equilibrium. As the price entered the H zone, it was repelled more sharply to the downside, as expected.

Point J

I calculated this zone J from the last low of zone K. This zone was reached when the Fed announced its rate hike.

Point L

The price was now running sharply higher and when it entered Zone E it was rebuffed sharply down as expected.

Point M

There is also a stronger zone here, which, however, will be breached downwards in the long term due to the situation.

I wish you a nice weekend

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Scam Bionic Forex Trading

Hello dear bionic traders,

in today's post, we're going to look at some fakers and scammers, how they go about getting the money out of your pocket, and what you can do specifically to protect yourself against it. It's about unprofessional hackers, sellers of useless EAS, and desperate trading coaches. In this context, my bionic candle, which I developed years ago, also plays a decisive role. So it will be exciting and very interesting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Hallo Herr Michael.

Herzlichen Tang das sie mich als neuen Mitglied in eure einmalige wellt übernommen haben.

Es kommt mir vor als ob in eine Gebäude eingeladen bin, der aber riesige stufen hat.

Um diese Hürde zu überwinden, bringe ich drei Eigenschaften mit.

Durchhaltevermögen, Große willen neues zu erlernen, Und als Rentner viel zeit.

Momentan handle ich bei der XTB Plattform, onhe Erfolg.

Da ich aber mir vorgenommen habe diesen beruf richtig zu erlernen, trete ich in der FOREX Factory.

Es wehre sehr hilf reich für mich wen du mir ein Leitfaden bereitest welche schritte ich genau befolgen soll um Ortung gemäß anzufangen.

Das Video über Den richtigen Computer und alles was dazu gehört ist sehr sehr hilfreich.

Ein buch vielleicht, oder ein Video für einen pur Neuling.

Ich hoffe das auch für mich ein platz in eure Forex Factory gibt.

Grüße

Tournas Christos

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Function of the bionic candle

Hello dear bionic traders,

Here are some charts to show you how well the Bionic Candle works.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On Friday, June 17th, 2022, I posted my outlook for the next few hours.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As suspected, the price went up again exactly in this zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see my view from this morning at 8:00 a.m. that I created for myself.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price has even entered this zone twice and has always been rejected downwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I have reduced the zone in the M5 for you. This makes it much easier to see the double rejection downwards. Of course, even I don't always succeed in drawing all zones correctly. But as we all know, practice makes perfect.

I wish you a successful trading day

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Hallo Christos,

das hier ist der englischsprachige Thread der Bionic Kerze, wenn du auf den Link klickst, kommst du zum deutschsprachigen Thread.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ex-algorithmen

Dort findest du alle weiteren Informationen und 8 Videos.

Liebe Grüße Michael

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Hallo, ich habe gestern versucht die Kerze in meinen Metatrader einzufügen, ich habe ebenso auch das Template was in den Ordnern ist verwendet. Leider kommt dann nur ein schwarzes Chartbild mit lediglich einem roten Strich. Ich habe die Indikatoren in den Meta Trader eingefügt, aber irgendwie klappt das nicht so ganz.

Hier sieht man wie es aussieht. Komisch das ich da nichts sehen kann.

Danke schonmal und viele Grüße

Markus

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Hallo Markus,

der rote und grüne Strich ist die Best Ask und Best Bid Preislinie. Schau mal ob alle Indikatoren enthalten sind und gehe dort in die Einstellungen. Kontrolliere die Farben der Bionic Kerze und die Kerzenstärke. Wenn das nicht klappt lösche die Indikatoren auf dem Chart und füge sie einzeln ein. Dann müsste es eigentlich klappen.

Das hier übrigens ist der englischsprachige Thread der Bionic Kerze, wenn du auf den Link klickst, kommst du zum deutschsprachigen Thread.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ex-algorithmen

Liebe Grüße Michael

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Ups, dann wechsle ich mal in den deutschen rüber

Danke dir, dann schau ich mal ob das so klappt wie du beschrieben hast.

Vielen Dank

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Reasons for Algorithm Profiling

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post we talk about why it is important to perform algorithm profiling. We use an example to analyze the average sequence of a big player collection up to and including the exit. I will also show you the clear advantages of algorithm profiling and why this is the future. Most traders dream of the holy grail, but when it comes to algorithms, we are getting very close to that holy grail. We know:,on the stock exchange there is only compensation for pain and suffering - first comes the pain, then the money! But for this you need an approach that is only used by a few market participants. This increases the probability of winning and gives us an enormous market advantage. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Scalp traders, day traders or swing traders

Hello dear traders,

In today's video we look at which strategy we have the greatest success with in the long term. Nevertheless, we must be aware that whether we are trading as a scalper, day trader or swing trader, our chance of being able to make a living from trading is just 2.5%. This is anything but a realistic chance. We have to look all the more closely to find out which strategy is best for us. Of course, I can only rely on my own experience, which of course is not representative and can apply to everyone. So it will be exciting and very interesting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #669 ---
I read your Thread a lot, but sometime I confuse about how to find a True key candle. Below is a Key candle that I found, please help me fix it.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Hello nguyencudu92, first of all welcome to our blog. On the first page of this blog I have produced 8 video in depth videos about the key candle that will definitely help you. The problem is often the language when you translate the English videos into your native language. Finding the key candle is far from easy, if it were that easy everyone would work with the Bionic candle and make a lot of money. You need a lot of time and training for this. My recommendation: Go backwards on your chart and plot your key candle. Then see if you got it right. This creates experience that you will later need in retail. I wish you much success. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #671 ---
New strategies from the big players

Hello dear traders,

As promised in my last video, today the focus is on the approaches of the big players in the market. First of all, I would like to emphasize that I am only referring to the big players in the EURUSD currency market, as they are demonstrably the largest in the market. In recent years, many experiments have been carried out in EURUSD, with the result that the largest big players have partially completely changed or adapted their future strategies. We will look at some examples of this.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Important information about the bionic candle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear bionic traders,

On the first page of this blog I described the benefits of the Bionic candle in great detail and also produced eight videos.

There are a lot of hurdles to overcome at first, as some of you may not have worked with the MT4 before. There are numerous videos on YouTube on the subject that will help you with the setup.

First of all, it is important to watch the eight videos about the Bionic candle. Many members even think that these videos should be watched a few times. For some it was also helpful to reproduce the zones I created in the video in their own chart. But there is a small problem here, because every broker has partly different prices and this of course also changes the representation of the bionic candle. But that's not a problem, you can still find the key candle.

The Bionic candle was primarily developed for the EURUSD, where it works best. Of course, you can also use them in the major currency pairs, it is important that there is high liquidity. The higher the liquidity in a market, the better information the Bionic candle provides. Of course it also works in the DAX or S&P, but I recommend you to start with EURUSD.

In addition to the bionic candle, you will find other auxiliary indicators and corresponding templates on the first page. These many auxiliary indicators could confuse you at first rather than help you. Therefore my recommendation, start with the bionic candle. Once you have these installed on your chart, start in H1 or M15. Now go far back in time, begin to identify the key candles and then draw the corresponding zones with two lines each. When you're done, scroll into the future and see if your assumption was correct. If you're wrong, draw a zone in the last low or high and go back in time. Then you can find the key candle and learn where your mistake was. At the beginning I would only analyze the larger trend reversals. You can often find interesting key candles after a major equilibrium. Another little tip, if you work with colored zones, it is best to use a dark blue color, as this is the least distracting.

Begin to analyze the candle strength, from which future price changes can often be determined. You can find this information in my videos.

Please keep in mind that the Bionic Candle is not a moving average that tells you exactly when to trade. Nevertheless, the Bionic candle is a good tool to improve the future probability of winning. But you have to train and stay on the ball for that. In principle, it's like playing tennis, it's not just about making a few serves, you have to be on the court regularly.

Now I wish you a lot of fun training and don't let it get you down.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #673 ---
The key candle

Hello dear bionic traders,

In the last few days, a clear key candle could be identified again and again in EURUSD. Below you can see the chart in the M15.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Here the price was strongly rejected upwards

Point B

A strong key candle broke this zone to the downside.

Point C

A new rejected zone was created within an equilibrium.

Point D

Again, a strong key candle broke through this zone.

Point E

First, the price ran into Zone D twice and was rejected down twice.

Point F

When price entered zone B, it was also rejected down. At first a small equilibrium developed.

Point G

The price was pushed up again and failed in zone B.

Point H

This zone was also brought into being by a strong key candle.

Point I

The price entered Zone I twice and was rebuffed sharply on each occasion.

Point J

Out of the strong Zone I, a new key candle emerged at Point J. The price now turned down more and there was a fake breakout. The price was pushed up by the stops of the short traders, with the big players being able to buy the dollar again.

Point K

Price ran into Zone J and was rebuffed sharply down again.

Point L

The key candle broke the equilibrium and the price went down a bit.

Point M

The price slowly went up again while the big players continued to collect bids. As the price entered the L zone, it was now pushed down more sharply. Now the big players bring their collected dollars into profit.

I wish you a successful day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #674 ---
New Algorithms Profiling

Hello dear traders,

Anyone looking at my monitors will automatically ask themselves whether all this is necessary. The effort would be unnecessary from the point of view of “trading with indicators”, but not from the point of view of “algorithm profiling”. In principle, a graphic representation can always be described as an indicator, but there is a distinction between “cause and effect indicators”. Effect indicators are usually calculated from price, while cause indicators are generated from stock market data only. 90% of my representations arise from the cause, which I mainly extract from the data from the DoM or T&S list. This extracted data is then filtered in a very complex way in order to make the decisive algorithms of the big players visible. If you watch my screens over time, you will see that they change regularly. That's because I find filter settings that get me deeper and deeper into the eye of the tornado. I also made an interesting video about it, which you can find here.

Inserted Video

The time was ripe again to adapt my IT components to the new technology on the market. Exactly two years ago I installed a 75 inch 4K monitor that I was very happy with. Nevertheless, after only two years, it has already achieved an operating time of 9,000 hours. The LEDs last up to 60,000 hours, but unfortunately other components do not. Although the monitor still has a two-year full guarantee, I have now decided on an 85 inch 4K monitor in order to be able to display my charts in algorithms trading even better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although the 4K monitor has an area of almost 2 m², it is very cheap with 200 watts of power consumption. In total, my trading workstation needs 6 KWh per day, so the electricity costs are €1.50 per day. The monitor's response time of 5ms is sufficient for algorithms trading and has very good black levels.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There are a total of 90 different charts on my main screen. With the four outdoor monitors, I get 100 charts open at the same time, and all of that for just one currency pair. So that there are no complications here, I have also completely renewed my workstation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since I don't have to access the CPU as much with my trading software, an AMD Ryzen 9 5900X was enough. Crossair water cooling has proven itself in the past and keeps the CPU at a maximum temperature of 59 degrees. The Geforce RTX 3070 TI is precisely adapted to the system and there are no problems, even with extreme breakouts. Overall, the workstation is very quiet, which I find very pleasant.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I ran two benchmark tests with the new workstation, with very satisfactory results. The workstation achieves a score of 8040 points in PCMark10 and a maximum of 212% in UserBenchmark. There you can also test your workstation or laptop for free.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Overall, the system now runs much faster, quieter and the overview is clearer. So the effort was worth it. It would still be worth considering whether to install a 50 inch 4K screen on the right and left. However, I am currently still satisfied with the 4 outdoor monitors.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What was definitely worth it is the 1000 Mbit/s fiber optic line from a large telecommunications provider in Germany. I don't want to advertise, but the fact is that they simply have the fastest ping times for retailers in Germany. Unfortunately, they are also the most expensive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Algorithm training is very demanding and therefore requires the appropriate technology. I have many friends who are in the futures market and have big problems when they have more than ten charts open. For this reason, I have adjusted my entire system to my stock exchange software. The first trading results are also very promising, which motivates me a lot. I hope that the big players in the field of algorithms will not develop so quickly so that I can work with my new technology in peace. But that's probably just a nice dream.

I wish you a successful trading week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #675 ---
I have an ask regarding zone J, How does it qualify as a key candle? does it mean that every time we have a candle move out of a strong zone, it becomes a key candle? that candle always confuses me

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Hello rhinohorn, in principle, this was initially a strong upward movement which, after entering zone I, was rejected immediately. After that the price went down. In this respect, from my point of view, this candle is a kind of confirmation of Zone I. Greetings, Michael

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Hi Bionics what do you think of my zones? at the current point on the monthly tm fr what conclusion can be made out of EurUsd? can we say it is likely to reject on the zone and there is a possibility for euro to buy for a long time?

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello rhinohorn, I think you have hit the zones very well, although this is often not easy in the monthly chart. I have identified two zones, whereby I have drawn the zones from the weekly chart in the monthly chart. I recommend starting with the long-term daily chart and then reducing the zones. I will publish another post today on the subject of parity. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Parity in EURUSD

Hello dear traders,

three days ago the price in EURUSD took out the low from 12/26/2016 and continued to run down. We are now at the price level of December 2002. This means that the common currency, calculated in dollars, is worth less than it has been for almost 20 years. As in 2002, analysts see the parity as a possible scenario. At that time they were wrong, as they have often been, because the price then went up to 1.60. If the price hits parity any time, it would be the first time since the single currency's inception in 1999 that the euro would be worth less than the dollar. The euro has been in a downward movement since 2008. The so-called experts cite the mortgage crisis, the euro crisis and the almost bankruptcy of Greece as reasons, which were responsible for the collapse of the euro.

With the current gas crisis in Europe, an imminent recession is being forecast and, in addition, a faster turnaround in interest rates will take effect in the USA in order to curb inflation. The Eurozone exports $493 billion worth of goods to the US and the US exports $272 billion worth of goods to the Eurozone. The stronger the dollar, the cheaper the US can import goods from the eurozone. As a result, even more goods could be sourced from the eurozone. Germany's trade surplus has been criticized for decades. This could become even more dramatic if goods become more expensive in the USA. The fact is that the currency is currently experiencing a comeback, as many investors increasingly see the dollar as a crisis currency. This means that many investors regard the dollar as a so-called safe haven. Investors who want to minimize risks therefore prefer to invest their money in dollars rather than euros. However, this approach has a small catch. The biggest big players in the world trading in EURUSD are day traders. These big players work according to the economic principle and want to make short-term profits. To work efficiently here, they must always be in an opposite position to the crowd.

So if the crowd is convinced that the parity can be achieved, then everyone must buy the dollar at present. This is then a good opportunity for the big players to get out of the dollar and collect the euro at the same time. When they then push the price higher, the short traders' stops help catapult the price higher. In my next video: "The fairy tale about aggressive salespeople", we'll talk about these points in detail. Since the launch of the single currency in 1999, the average price in EURUSD has been 1.19563. The average price since 1971 is 1.07. The dollar and the euro are the most traded currencies on the stock exchange. It is disadvantageous in many respects for both the USA and the euro zone if the euro or dollar is too expensive. Of course, the euro has gotten cheaper and cheaper in recent years, but when is the best time to buy a currency if it's cheap or expensive?

The experts see the upcoming gas crisis in Europe as one of the main reasons for the accelerated decline of the euro currency. I can partly agree with that, but in the long term this will bring great opportunities for the independence of the euro zone. When the Europeans finally wake up and master this gas crisis with flying colours, dependencies on energy suppliers will be eliminated. This means that Europe can reposition itself and the euro can regain strength. Furthermore, we must not forget that EURUSD is a sideways market. In the long term, an investment in EURUSD is unprofitable, so I would rather invest in the DAX or S&P. I also created a yield triangle for the EURUSD, where you can calculate the yields. You can find the article here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post14031296

The question of whether parity will be reached or not depends solely on when the big players start collecting the euro. This is exactly why you should focus on the limit orders of the big players to see what is happening in the market. News and rumors are completely irrelevant to EURUSD price action. The price rises because the big players collected the euro beforehand and the price falls because the big players collected the dollar beforehand. Of course, afterwards, the experts can always explain why the price moved up or down. But the art of trading is anticipating what will happen next.

I wish you continued success in trading

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #680 ---
The fairy tale of the aggressive salespeople

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the aggressive buyer or seller who regularly pushes the markets up or down. But is that really true? Are there actually aggressive buyers and sellers or is this just a fairy tale of the unsuspecting trading coaches? In this video we will review the statements and get to the bottom of the possible causes. Things will come to light that you never expected. Retailers are often duped, especially by trading coaches who only want their customers' money. You can only protect yourself from this with well-founded specialist knowledge, which is why we are going a little deeper into the markets today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #681 ---
I can't wait to see this video... I've been watching your YouTube videos for some time and they have impacted me very positively. Thanks

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Hi KendrickWavy, thank you, I'm glad you found this information useful. I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Big player profiling costs

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we're going to talk about the cost of an algorithm profiler. There are also certain requirements for the screens, the workstation, the internet and many more things that we look at today. This gives you a rough overview of the requirements that must be met in order to approach the topic of algorithm profiling. We hear again and again on the Internet that all you need to trade is a cell phone or a simple laptop in order to be successful. Over 5 million traders around the world sit in front of their laptops or screens every day, hoping for great luck. What most retail traders do not see is the fact that they are trading against. The big players work with the most modern data centers to send their algorithms to the stock market. Their strategies are brutal and designed to convey a truth to the 5 million retail traders that really doesn't exist. An inexperienced trader will achieve significantly better results with a better workplace than with a workplace that is not suitable for trading. And it is precisely for this reason that the right workplace is a decisive factor in order to be successful with it.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #684 ---
A present for you

slide 0

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post I would like to give you a personal gift for your loyalty and support over the past two years.

First of all, I asked myself a few questions about what kind of gift could best help you. Certainly some will now say, well, money would be the simplest and best gift and you know what, I agree with that. For this reason I would like to give you something special today that is even worth a lot of money. However, this is not physical money, but an opportunity to either save a lot of money in the future or even earn significantly more money with it. This is an Excel file with four different tables that allow you an unlimited portfolio in the area of money management.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The first table asks: How do I find the best currency pair and is the currency pair you are currently using actually the best for scalping, day trading or swing trading?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The second table is the most extensive and allows several billion different settings in the area of your money management. I have put together some examples for this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The third table is an interesting extrapolation for your individual system over three years.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And the fourth table an interesting extrapolation if you scale your profits up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What's the best way to start working with this spreadsheet now? Well, first of all, I recommend you to watch my video: "A gift for you". There you will find extensive information and examples of how to work optimally with it.

Inserted Video

The tables are also used in many of my other videos, e.g. in the video: "Money Management".

Important:

I assume no liability for the correctness, completeness and topicality of the information in my files, which are made available free of charge. The contents of this file are for information only, they do not constitute investment or trading advice. Please note that you use the data I have provided free of charge at your own risk.

And now I wish you a lot of fun and success and would be happy about a feedback.

Best regards, Michael

You can find the downloadable tables on my blog: “Bionic Forex Algorithms” in the Forex Factory Members Lounge.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post14068608

If you can't get to the Member Lounge, watch this video!

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Equilibrium, the key to success

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we talk about market equilibrium. I realized more than twelve years ago that precisely this balance is my key to success. But unfortunately, the forex market equilibrium differs significantly from a conventional market equilibrium.  Market equilibrium is determined by the equilibrium price for a tangible or intellectual product and the corresponding equilibrium quantity of that product. In market equilibrium, suppliers and demand realize their ideas of price and quantity and the greatest possible turnover is achieved. We will analyze the differences in detail to find out why a Equilibrium still offers the greatest opportunities for a trader.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #686 ---
VPS Tick Chart Linux Windows

Hello dear traders,

In today's post is about the advantages of the tick chart to penetrate deeper into the market and to
identify better resistance zones. It is also ineffective to run your own server for the tick charts, so we

look at the VPS servers from Microsoft and Linux. There are massive differences in speed and even

price differences of up to 500%. In this video we will find out exactly what you should pay attention

to and which alternatives are the best.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Big Player is watching you!

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we will talk about why the big players have such high hit rates and what mistakes the retailers make. Are the big players actually able to see where the retailers are at the moment and if so, how can one protect oneself from this. We talk about why are the big players so keen on our stops and why do the big players rarely get in each other's way. All in all, it will be an exciting post with lots of information about the big players.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Secret price zones of the big player

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we will deal with the invisible price zones that are regularly created by the big players. With a specific tool, these secret price zones can be identified and even plotted on the chart. We will look at some examples of this. In my video concrete chances against big players, we have already analyzed and worked out the differences between retail traders and big players. In the summary we could already see that the strengths of the big players roughly correspond to the weaknesses of the retail traders.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Hey Michael, don't you have an English version for this video? I am really having challenges understanding the video through reading subtitles, plus I can't seem to understand and use the excel spreadsheets effectively. Chao..!!!

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Hello rhinohorn, I'm sorry if the English translation from YouTube doesn't help you. I produce a German video every week and translate a German video into English at the same time. So far I have produced 100 German and 60 English videos voluntarily and free of charge, which are published in the same order as the videos build on each other. The videos are always produced on Saturdays so that I have time for my trading during the week. I understand your wish and I want to see if I can move the video forward. I wish you a successful trading week. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Balcony power plant with 8% yield

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we are talking about a return of 8-10% that we can achieve with a balcony power plant. However, we have to use an appropriate lever for this. Within just 1 year, energy prices have literally exploded. Many people ask themselves how things will continue in the future. That's why today we're going to talk about the topic of energy, electricity and gas, what we can expect and how we can protect ourselves from high costs in the future.

Note: (In the video I name a few manufacturers of products that I use myself and with which I have had good experiences. I selected these products according to my personal specifications and extensive internet research and paid for all of them myself. I don't get any money for my statements, I just share my personal opinion. The products are therefore not better or worse than others).

Before one deciding on a product, I generally recommend the following procedure: Concrete research on the Internet, consulting specialists and the experience of trustworthy people, preferably within the family. At the end there is a concrete price comparison to get the best price-performance ratio.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Compare PC Laptop in Trading

Hello dear traders,

in the last few weeks I have been asked again and again whether it is better to use a PC or laptop for trading and which operating system is the best. These questions are not easy to answer at first, as there are different decision criteria, which we will look at in detail. Many mistakes can occur if you do not follow the order of the decision criteria. And that can end up costing a lot of money and time. For young people in particular, mobility is a decisive factor that contributes greatly to independence. Unfortunately, trading mobility has some weaknesses that we need to talk about.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Hi Michael, I just discovered your thread a few days ago and, for lack of better words, more than  impressed. I'm going thru the posts and trying to soak it all in. The only issue that I have however is, I don't deal very well with 1M charts and have had mixed results trading 1M, and keep going back to my workhorse, the 5M charts. Do you thing the bionic candles would work on 5M as well?

In any event I'd like to participate and learn more, and if I can throw my 2 bits in and help, I'' od ti even at the risk of sounding stupid lol

Thank you for this amazing effort , keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Hi Jeff, first of all, thank you for your kind words. The Bionic candle works in all time frames and even in the tick charts. The M1 is indeed very volatile and therefore not suitable for every trader. Personally, I prefer to work in the H1 and then shrink the zones with the M15 and M5. In the M1, the zones are not always as clear as in the M5, but the tick charts help me. Trading is a learning process and success comes only through a string of experiences. Each of us has to go through this process. The more trades we make within a given time, the greater our experience becomes. All the best for the future. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #695 ---
The fairy tales of Absorption

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we talk about market absorption. Many trading coaches tell their students that absorbing like this is a safe way to make a lot of money. Today we will take a closer look at whether this is actually the case. In addition, we talk about the meaning and background of these absorptions, how and why they occur and whether one can derive an advantage from them, provided that these absorptions are recognized early. All in all it will be exciting and very interesting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Michael! Respect! Respect! Your knowledge and willingness to share with others is simply admirable. All the best! Sorry, I'm using a translator

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Hello Sander, welcome to our thread and thank you for the introductory, friendly words. Since we speak different languages, a translator is a good solution. One understand everything you write. I would be very happy if the information would help you in your everyday trading. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Dear Subscribers, and Michael,

First off I'd like to point out that written English is very well understood and executed very well.

I have read through the material and honestly, bionics gives such a good view of price action in terms of filled orders, I am still figuring out a way to use it systematically.

Finding the key candle has been a little challenging even after watching the videos multiple times.

At the moment I am studying the price action by comparing Japanese candle sticks and bionic candles.

Also, I was wondering if there is a possibility to develop the bionic candle for the Trading view charting platform as it would make a lot of people's lives much easier.

Best Regards,

- Outcase

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Hello Outcase,

first of all, I'm glad that the Bionic Candle is helping you. I developed the Bionic Candle in order to work out the concrete advantages of the Bionic Candle in this thread together with the market participants. Your question shows me that you expect a lot from the Bionic candle and I am happy about that. Tradingview uses the Pine script, which is a relatively simple programming language. We are still at the beginning of the project and although I have already invested over 5,000 hours in the Bionic Candle, we do not yet know all the benefits. Also, the fewer people know about the project, the better for all of us. Since I was asked again and again whether the Bionic Candle will also be available for Tradingview or the MT5, I wrote an article about it.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post13767865

Another point, I have been working very successfully with the Bionic Candle for 3 years, although the Bionic Candle is not decisive for my entry into trading, only the stock market data. The Bionic Candle shows me where something might happen and the stock market data shows when it will happen.

Good luck in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Scalpers versus day traders

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we compare a seconds and minutes scalper to a short and medium term day trader. All four have $3000 in their accounts, trade a maximum of one lot and use a leverage of 200. The effective win rate for all four traders is 69.9%, but of course they work with different stops and are also trading for different lengths of time. And that's exactly why the timing at which each of these traders trade has been adjusted. The day traders even have a trading advantage of over 50 hours. The overall result surprised even me and I am convinced that you would not have expected it either. Click here for the video

Inserted Video

In mid-July 2022 I presented the first version of Bionics Moneymanagement V1.0 and provided you with an Excel file. You can find the information here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post14068618

Table B has now been revised in Bionics Moneymanagement V1.2 and is available for download on my German blog.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...7#post14107317

I would be very happy if the information was helpful to you and I wish you continued success.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Stock market trading opinions and facts

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we talk about opinions and facts that are often misinterpreted, especially in stock market trading. This always leads to misunderstandings because everyone sees things differently. First important for me are the traders who follow this channel to optimize their trading win rates. Unfortunately, in the course of time, people also join in who badmouth an idea or are simply against everything. But I don't run a business here and I would like to show all those who consider my information valuable how we can distinguish between opinions and facts even better in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #702 ---
hello Michael, you always talk about stock market data, so I am wondering where can we get that stock market data and learn about it, and be able to see from your own perspective in terms of when to get that precise entry. I hope it's too much to ask for.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Hey Michael, I need your eye on this one. I have been trying bionic candles on Renko charts for a week now. The reason I tried Renko charts is to easily spot the rejections (turning points) with the help of the bionic pullback indicator on the market. However, I have experienced delays in candle price movements and color changes, especially at turning points, in which I used color to spot strong candles to make my entries within marked zones. See attached. Can you help me so I get accurate price movement and color changes when it happens? Look at the pictures attached and see the difference i am talking about.. thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Hello rhinohorn, this is data from the futures market. Stocks, futures and options are traded on the stock market. In the English translation, it looks as if I'm talking about shares data, but I meaning the data from the futures market. You will find many examples in my English and German videos. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Prizes are always random

Hello rhinohorn,

first of all I think it's good that you're trying to get closer to the market with the help of your creativity. Renko was never an option for me because the prices are distorted because they are smoothed. In addition, the Renko calculates the open from the close of the last candle chart. A challenge are gaps that occur between the candles and further distort the price display. Of course, there are also many gaps between the candles, which, however, cannot be identified in most candle charts. Basically, the prices in the market are random as they are created by the market orders running into the limit orders. The DoM is both time and volume independent. From this data, an indicator now forms a candle chart, which is pressed into a fixed time scheme. The candlestick chart represents the price within a fixed time frame, whereas Renko charts only visualize the price, regardless of the time factor. They only reflect a change in price if it has gone through a certain minimum number of movements. A better alternative for me is the tick chart, because at the moment when many ticks are created, more candles are formed, which enable a better resolution of the price displays. In principle, however, all candles are only created randomly, regardless of whether they are calculated based on price, tick or volume. I only use my bionic candle to identify key zones, but would never take a trade just because the price goes back into that key zone. My keyzone is just one possible option. The moment the price comes into this key zone, the identification of the algorithms is the crucial point to enter into a trade or not. The big players are always looking for the retailers' stops to pick them up with their hidden iceberg orders. But that depends on when and where the retailers enter the market. In this respect, the big players always react to the current market behavior of the retailers in order to fill their limit orders. While you can influence retailer behavior through specific actions, it doesn't always work. Indicators, candlesticks, prices, an equilibrium, news, currency strength, footprints, the DoM or the time and sales list are basically random and there are no clear patterns within these actions. We traders believe we can see patterns in this, but the loss rate of 90% clearly speaks against it. In addition, many traders trade what they see. Unfortunately, you cannot derive a forecast for the future from a random price development and that is exactly what makes trading so difficult. The only possible alternative for me: filtering out certain orders from the DoM and the times and sales list, combining them with each other and translating them into sound sequences, which then use a spectral analysis to show clear patterns in the algorithms. Algorithms basically have the same pattern structures, since programming is always processed line by line. And so it should be logical that there can only be clear patterns within the algorithms. So when a price runs into my previously defined key zone, the algorithms can be a reliable tool to make a correct decision. However, this is just my personal opinion, which I have acted on for years.

But don't let my opinion influence you, use your creativity to move forward, because that's the right way.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #706 ---
My trading strategies

Hello dear traders,

In today's post I will show you my approach to trading, how I combine the data from the stock
exchange and futures market and how I can reconcile chart technology, technical and fundamental
analysis, and algorithms trading. We look at what measures I can use to identify the invisible price
zones of the big players with a very high probability beforehand. All these factors intertwine to
achieve an unbeatable market advantage. This makes it possible to place trades in regions where
only very few are trading at this point.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Hi, Michael thank you for this great knowledge. Well since I have no knowledge of algorithms, I only find key zones and enter my trades, and most of the time the trades run into wins.  I can confidently say that the bionic candle has increased my win rate. Besides that, my losses mostly occur when the key candle is a large candle which then makes my stop loss big. I guess then I should start using the tick charts as you mentioned. Above all, I would really like to learn about market algorithms, and I take it that, in the future, you will introduce the Algorithms topic in more detail in your forum. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Hello rhinohorn, first of all I am pleased that the Bionic candle is helping you in the trade and that you were able to improve your winnings as a result. In fact, the tick chart helps shrink the crucial key candle, thereby increasing the RRR. We will be talking in great detail about the algorithms over the next few years. I wish you a successful trading week. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Algorithms, the power in trading

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we talk about the algorithms of the big players. We look at what algorithms are needed for, how to read them and what advantages they bring for us retailers. The imbalance between big players and retailers is dramatic. Just looking at their technology should make it clear to everyone what advantage they enjoy in retail. In addition, they are set up and brought into line like an army. The retailers, on the other hand, compete as individuals. But even the best individual is never as good as a group. It gets particularly exciting when you look at the screens of the big players. Here the question arises: Where are the indicators of the volume or footprint chart.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #710 ---
True Lies

Hello dear traders,

In today's video “True Lies” you will see how the big players deceive our eyes and we fall for it every day. Trading is purely a business of probabilities, so let's look at how we can use those probabilities to our advantage. We will highlight some aspects that can help you in your daily trading. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #711 ---
The business of greed

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we'll take a closer look at the business model of the stock exchanges and will first analyze why most people fail at it. Nevertheless, there are clear solutions that we can use to protect ourselves from future surprises. I will show you these today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Reach the breakeven faster

Hello dear traders,

Making profits in trading is not difficult, but it is very difficult to keep it. In today's post, we're going to talk exactly what actions you can take to achieve the greatest success in the long run. Since we retailers cannot modify the markets, we have to adapt to the current situation. At first glance this seems very difficult, but it is easier than you think.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Greetings, Dear Michael! Could you add the same values to the bid ask indicator as in the screenshot.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Hello Wens,

I'd like to help you, but it's against programmer ethics. The indicator you sent is protected because it has been published as an ex4 file. The developer wants to prevent the indicator from being changed. In any case, it is unclear to me how bid and ask are calculated, since there is a bid and ask in the forex market, but this information is not available to us retailers. In this respect, the indicator can only add or subtract the tick data. And these have nothing to do with bid and ask. So it is probably a cumulative tick calculator that calculates the down and up ticks in the area of the MA. My indicator can also only work with the price data in the tick area, but I already pointed that out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But I have a solution with a compromise. You can adjust the ask and bid numbers a bit in the settings. For this you have to change the values on the X and Y axis. It's not right next to the indicator, but at least close.

I wish you a successful trading week. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Die hard

Hello dear traders,

More than 5 million traders worldwide try their luck in trading every day. What most people don't even know is that with their approach, they have no realistic chance of ever breaking even. So most of them die a slow loss death and lose a lot of money in the process. In today's post, I'm going to show you what's the best way to break even.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Finally Bionic candle for the MT5

Hello dear traders,

At the end of 2018 I made the Bionic candle available to all traders free of charge and so far this quick price indicator has been downloaded over 20,000 times. Next week I will make the Bionic candle available for the MT5, but only in a basic version.

I wish you a great weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Bionic candle for the MT5

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

MT4 is still the most used platform in the world for retailers because it has the highest number of indicators and EAs. Of the 5 million retail traders worldwide, 3 million use MT4 and 500,000 traders use MT5. The cTrader, on the other hand, is only used by around 300,000 traders. All other platforms do not have a significant share in the professional retail sector. This means that the MT4 and MT5 have a share of over 70%. The MT4 started in 2005 and although the MT5 was presented as a successor in 2009, it has not yet been able to assert itself against the MT4. This will continue to be the case because there is no easy way to convert an MT4 indicator to the MT5 architecture. That's because the MT5 is a completely different programming architecture. Basically, the MT5 is faster in execution time than its predecessor, but with a fast ping time, this advantage is only marginal. Many good auxiliary indicators are programmed as ex4 files and are therefore write-protected. These cannot be transferred to the MT5 as they would have to be reprogrammed to do so. However, in many cases the mql4 file is no longer available because the developers are no longer active or cannot be found. Never change a winning team. The retailers are not willing to do without their most important indicators and so the MT5 will probably continue to lead an unsuccessful existence. The MT5 is interesting for a trader who is just starting out or can do without his MT4 indicators. 85% of all retailers work under Windows, I myself work very successfully with MT4 tick charts running in a very fast VPS Linux server.

In 2018, I therefore initially made my developed bionic candle available for the MT4. From today it is also available for the MT5. In theory, 70% of all retailers worldwide could work with the bionic candle. Of course, the MT5 variant of the Bionic candle will also be free of charge, but it is also only available as an ex5 file because I don't want it to be changed. I have a request for this: If one day you notice that a trading coach is using my bionic candle in his seminars, please let me know.

You can download the MT5 Bionic candle for free on my German blog, but it is only available to Forex Factory members who are also properly registered there. You can find out how to register properly here in these videos.

Inserted Video

Inserted Video

Before you work with the Bionic candle, please take a look at my specially produced videos and the information about them!

Text and videos in English here: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ex-navigation?

Text and videos in German here: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...x-algorithmen?

Here you can download the Bionic candle for the MT5:
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...0#post14142670

I wish you every success

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #718 ---
First of all I want to thank for all those sharings you've made. It is really interesting, all the information in this threads. But as a newbie I dont understand the concept of all of this,  I mean the bionic candle, volume, foot print,...etc... Just one question, can I just practice with the bionic candle first? thanks.

P.S: sorry for y bad english

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Hello Homamiadana, welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind words. As a beginner, it's completely normal to be overwhelmed by a lot of information and often not understanding the concepts behind it. But remember: Rome wasn't built in a day either, it takes time to understand all these things. The Bionic Candle is a good tool to start with, check out the videos on my blog. I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you every success. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Your way to become a profitable trader

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the path to becoming a profitable trader, but that is anything but easy, as you will quickly see. In the last months I have published 56 videos on the subject of profitability. In principle, successful trading consists of many individual pieces of the puzzle that a trader has to put together individually based on his or her skills. There are so many things to consider at the same time, that we could spend many months, dealing with them in detail. The fact alone that over 90% of all traders lose in the long term shows how demanding this profession is. It is not enough to hope for a fair chance with a laptop and a moving average. But with the necessary background knowledge and a strategic probability, the breakeven point is within reach.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Hi all,

so I also wanted to start. Is this somehow correct? One or other? I know I just used low with that one but... If not, I will do better next time. (Hopefully)

Thanks a lot

Or the second picture, that could be key candle?

I belive I got that one right? Because it worked, attaching picture. (3rd)

SF

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Mindset or setup

Hello dear traders,

Many trading coaches always talk about mindset and how important it is in trading. Can you compensate for a lack of expertise and a trading setup with a good mindset or is it all just marketing to make a lot of money? Is it actually possible to beat the big players on the stock market with just your thoughts and attitude and thereby become financially independent? In today's post we will analyze what priority the mindset actually has in relation to trading expertise and trading setup. You'll be amazed at what comes of it.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello SilentFather,

You are right with your assessment and I think you are doing very well for a start. Unfortunately, the candles look different from broker to broker, so there are always small deviations. A larger key candle was formed under your marked zone, which broke through a key zone from the past (Sep 7, 2022 2:50 p.m.). You'll have to decide for yourself if that's coincidence after you've worked with it for a while. The Bionic candle is of course no Holy Grail, but it has a very high probability of showing the most reversal points in the market, provided you find the right key zones.

I keep my fingers crossed for you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Hi Michael,

Thank You a lot. Really like bionic chart over the original chart people uses. It's great. I really wish, we could see bionic chart even on cTrader, because it has tick charts included, and no need to get VPS or something to keep making tick charts on MT4. Really wish that day will come some day.

Also, this could be also the one? I'm just practicing on history right now. Because I feel like I understand it, but then I lose the point.

Wish a great trading day,

SF

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Science and practice

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

Science means explaining what everyone knows in such a way that no one can understand it afterwards. Right is: Science creates knowledge. Knowing is good too, but the more you know, the more you realize what you don't know yet. This means that the more I know, the higher my doubts as to whether what I know is correct.

First of all, we can be happy that there is a science at all, because the whole world and our economic system benefits from it. Without science we would not be where we are today. But no one can say whether science actually helps us in all areas. Each of us is a researcher and a little scientist, regardless of whether he is a doctor, professor, clerk, worker or unemployed. Our life offers enough areas of science to research. By that I don't mean quantum physics, space research or medicine, but normal situations such as raising children, relationships, communication, love, work, sports, hobbies and many things of everyday life.

Science isn't life's biggest mistake, it's the conclusions we draw from it. So the problem is not science, but man, because he is often wrong. Of course, a professor can prove his thesis to the student, but only because the student doesn't know any better. But that doesn't necessarily mean that the professor has to be right. Man has been wrong ever since man has existed, which is why science is also wrong, because sience is done by man.

The old thesis: "The earth is flat" was also refuted, just as it was believed for 40 years that plants cannot absorb solids or liquids through their stomata. Science is based on possible theories that are either confirmed or disproved. If there were no theories, there would be no basis for discussion to confirm or invalidate them. Everyone who has completed an apprenticeship or a course of study knows it from their own experience: theory and practice are often two different worlds. This also applies to trading.

Everyone writes a doctoral thesis or a professorship in their life, not on paper but in their head, about things they have dealt with for many years. This wealth of experience is something very special, it is his own science, the experience of his own life. And if these experiences bring positive results, they cannot be changed even by science.

Knowing is good, applying knowledge correctly is fulfilment.

Science does not mean hoarding knowledge, but passing it on. It is not decisive whether the knowledge is 100% correct, but whether it helps someone. In principle, accepted science is nothing more than what most people have agreed upon. Until one day someone else knows better and then you have to agree again. If we deal with the topic of brain research and read the headline: "Love can be recognized in a brain scan", one can only lean back and think: Yes, and the earth is flat. In the future, if I'm not sure whether I love my partner, I'll just do a brain scan. Science is something special, but it is always up to the individual to decide whether it will help us to become really successful. "He was a mathematician and she was unpredictable".

Conclusion:

Science is not bad because there are wrong assumptions, but a good development process to get closer and closer to the truth. If someone puts forward a thesis, there will be people who claim exactly the opposite. I find that exciting, because it means that those who doubt these theses now have to move in order to refute them. And that is exactly what will help us all, because only movement will bring us forward. It's as simple as that. Science creates knowledge, let's use the basics to build on it and advance our own knowledge in such a way that we become successful in the end. In addition to courage, discipline and diligence, we also need healthy self-confidence.

The term “self-confidence” sums it up: I have to be aware that it is up to me. Only then am I able to change something.

Good luck in trading this week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Avoid the trap

Hello dear traders,

Due to the massive imbalance between big players and retailers, our risk in the market is disproportionately high. The big players have a clear and strategic approach designed to keep trapping us retailers. And indeed, we keep falling for their strategies. Today we will talk about how we can significantly reduce this risk and at the same time optimize our money management.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Emotions Psychology in trading

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the most important point why so many traders lose. The reason for this lies in our emotions, which are not sufficiently trained and educated when it comes to trading. These emotions are not only responsible for our losses, but also for our gains. The biggest problem is that most traders are unaware of these emotions. How can you change something if you don't even know that you have to change something. In today's video we will deal with the measures you can take to get these emotions under control in the long term.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Trading Coach revealed

Hello dear traders,

In the last few months, new trading coaches have been springing up and offering their pointless trading seminars with unfair methods. If you watch the videos, you see successful traders driving their sports cars home to their happy advertising families in the evenings. Word should have gotten around that this type of advertising is anything but realistic. Some incompetent trading coaches are being exposed right now, so it's a good time to warn you again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Tick chart save 90%

Hello dear traders,

a tick chart can help us increase profits while reducing losses. This can improve the CRV by a factor of three in the same trade and at the same time significantly reduce the risk per trade. In today's post we will look at which tick chart is suitable for this and which server we work best with.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Many thanks Michael. It is always a pleasure to watch your videos. My respect for your knowledge and willingness to share it here in this excellent quality.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Hello Francis, Thank you for your kind words. By the way, you can find my German channel here.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-algorithms

I keep my fingers crossed for you, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Losses are more important than gains

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will talk about why losses are more important than profits. In the stock, forex and futures market, 85% of all traders lose their money in the long term. If you look at all the videos on YouTube, you often get the feeling that 85% of all traders only win. The saying that only losers lose is a relic of the past that we are going to talk about today. Losses are the most important element in trading and only those who are able to deal with them properly can use them to reach the breakeven faster. Today we will take a closer look at which things to pay attention to in detail.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Power failure in trade

Hello dear traders,

Imagine you are about to enter a trade and you now want to set your stop. Suddenly you find that your mouse is unresponsive. The trade starts going heavily negative against you. You think maybe it's the mouse's power supply and start frantically looking for batteries. Thank God you can still find new batteries and swap them out quickly. Meanwhile, the trade is still going strong against you and would have hit your stop long ago. The new batteries are installed and you try to close the trade, but the mouse still does not respond. When we are in trade, there are some situations that make us lose control of our trade. This loss of control is anything but good and at this moment the stress factor increases to unimagined heights. There are some factors that can trigger such a situation, which we will talk about today. We need some kind of contingency plan for that.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Finally a non-smoker as a trader

Hello dear traders,

On the occasion of my 100th video, we'll take a trip to a completely different area and talk about how it's easier for traders to become non-smokers or how smokers can save a few €10,000. Our state is becoming more and more greedy and after the new trader tax was introduced, a new and interesting tobacco tax follows. In addition to health, a good reason to stop doing it. But that's easier said than done for many and that's exactly what you'll get some tips for today. If you are a non-smoker yourself, you may know someone you can help with this post.

Inserted Video

This video is about quitting smoking forever. This is not easy as you cannot simply reduce the nicotine content of a cigarette. This works with the e-cigarette, but only if you put the liquid together yourself. I have created an Excel spreadsheet for you so that you can determine the values yourself. You can also determine the resulting financial benefits immediately. Here you find the Excel spreadsheet.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post14192115

If you are not registered with Forex Factory, watch this video first

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed that you manage to quit smoking and I wish you good health as well as success in the trade.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #735 ---
...

Lieber Michael,

das sind Gedanken, an die ich auch nicht mehr so unbeschwert herangehe und überlege, was zu tun ist.

Vor Jahren (sooo lange ist das auch nicht her, vielleicht 5-7 Jahre nach der Jahrtausendwende) ... glücklicher Besitzer eines PC - Laptop, was ist das? Smartfone??? bist du ein Marsmännchen? dauerte ein Verbindungsaufbau manchmal durchaus 10-15 Minuten, ohne offensichtliche Havarie. Damals, in Berlin Mitte, ging ich, wenn es irgendwie klemmte, ins Internetcafe, es ging aber auch um sehr kleine Einsätze seinerzeit.

Inzwischen hilft man sich mit Anbieterwechsel des Internet, überlegter Einstellung der Fritzbox ... und allen diesen Knackpunkten, die du im Youtube gezeigt hast.

Der Stress liegt auf beiden Seiten, beim Broker und beim Trader. Ohne selbst betroffen gewesen zu sein, habe ich bestimmt schon 5 Broker im Elend gesehen. Mein SL ist auch nicht immer gleich bereit, ich gewöhne es mir aber zusehends an und denke, es ist im Härtefall nichts mehr was über Stunden funktioniert, vielleicht über Tage. Und wenn der Nachbar sein Süppchen nicht mehr rühren kann, gibt es anderes zu tun, als am Geldrad zu drehen mit der letzten Batterie im Hause. Also Pause, das soziale machen.

Solar ... ? Aber wenn das w-lan nicht mehr geht ... es ist wie du sagst.

Von wegen SL habe ich eine Frage, ob du vielleicht auch beobachtet hast, wenn du ihn über einen EA eingibst, dass der SL erst wenige Sekunden danach geschrieben wird. Ich werde mir aus verschiedenen Gründen einen neuen EA dafür kaufen, dennoch- das Thema der Zeitverzögerung bleibt. Nun, lieber minispäter als nie.

Du bietest so viele interessante Infos, manches nehme ich mir jetzt mal gern wieder vor.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hello dear Isabella,

First of all, thank you for your kind statement. Since we are in an English-language thread here, I took the liberty of moving this post to my German-language thread in order to answer it there in detail. The link below will take you to the thread.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post14192646

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #737 ---
How big players make profits

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we look at different approaches of the big players and how they realize their profits with different strategies. This results in blatant differences compared to the approach of retail traders, which also explains the high loss rate in the retail sector. In addition, I would show you why it is a big mistake to focus solely on the market orders. Today we're going to look at six different strategies that the big players use to realize the majority of their profits. Of particular interest are the regular currency exchange transactions, which are currently taking place in euros and US dollars.

Inserted Video

I wish you a success trading week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Big Player the big secret

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

although the world's biggest big players are required to keep balance sheets, they are still able to obfuscate their trades in a way that even a professional couldn't see through. In today's article we will evaluate Goldman Sachs' balance sheet very strategically and complete it from a logical point of view. Things come to light that even I didn't expect. Based on the evaluation of the last twelve years, we can draw conclusions about how the big players will proceed in the future. And with this informations we are able to adapt and align our strategies in order to optimize our profit quotas in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Currency exchange extreme

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we will deal with currency exchange transactions, which often fool us traders into a false truth. Although a big player shoots massive market buy orders into the market, the price immediately falls sharply afterwards and we wonder how this can happen. I will also show you why the biggest big players in the world would never trade in the futures market and what to look out for when identifying a currency exchange transaction. In addition, I will show you why a footprint chart does not help us in retail. With over $8 trillion in daily turnover, the Forex market is the largest in the world. Compared to the global stock markets, the forex market is 20 times bigger.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Invisible Stop Loss

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

which of us hasn't it happened to? We are stopped out and right after that the price turns in our traded direction. Is it all right here or are we just a plaything for the broker. Everyone has certainly asked themselves this question and today we will deal with it exactly. What options do we have to protect ourselves from being stopfished by a broker and what measures should we take in relation to this?

Inserted Video

In addition, we are talking about an interesting trading tool that supports us very flexibly in trading and that you can download here. This tool is interesting because you can use it to hide your stop loss from the broker in the future. You can find all further information and the indicator on my German channel.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post14211364

If you are not yet registered with Forex Factory, watch this video first

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed that you will soon be able to work with an invisible stop loss and wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Thank you, Michael for the excellent thread and intro to your bionic trading concept. I have watched most of your videos and find them very informative. Also been trying to work with the Bionic indicators - but looks like it will take some time before I can do well with it.

Can you please let me know what you mean by "Personally, I use the stock market data as a kind of mood barometer"? Do you mean Order Flow or Footprint from futures market or stock market index or maybe something to indicate market volatility. This part is a bit ambiguous.

Other question is how you handle high Volatility periods (when even EURUSD goes crazy) - since bionic candles do well during normal periods, do you stay out of trading such periods or do you have any suggestion on this.

Regard, Kraan

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Function of the algorithms

Hallo Kraan,

First of all, it is perfectly normal for the Bionics candle to take some time to get to grips with. I use the future data from the Euro FX6E to read out the algorithms of the big players. I made a video that I linked for you at the end. In a phase of high volatility, it depends on the respective situation. With the help of the bionic candle, I first determine the key candles and identify the key zones from them. As soon as the price moves into these key zones, the reactions from the algorithms are decisive for me. If I get clear signals there, it is also possible to enter the market in a phase of high volatility. But as I said, it always depends on the situation.

In this video you can see at how a retail trader is able to use the algorithms to read the individual processes of the big players. There are a few prerequisites for this, which I will go into in detail today. Of course, you need the right technique for this, which I have talked about again and again in my numerous videos. Algorithms are increasingly dominating the market and helping the big players to achieve their goals faster and more effectively. For this reason it is important to deal with it carefully. Every day, several million traders are looking for different patterns that signal clear entries and exits. However, the loss rate of 88% speaks for itself.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Holy Grail in Trading

Hello dear traders,

The Holy Grail has been mankind's most sought-after cult object for over 2000 years. According to legend, it is a vessel from which Jesus Christ is said to have drunk at the Last Supper. This vessel promises power, salvation and eternal life. The holy grail of the stock market promises profits in the millions without risk. In today's post, we're going to simulate a holy grail on the stock market and see what happens then. The result is more than surprising.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #744 ---
RIP Futures at the end

Hello dear traders,

In February 2022, Bafin issued a press release on the future protection of private customers in the futures sector. In today's video we will look at why the futures are now being attacked and whether the futures still have a chance in Germany in the future. Of course, we will also talk about alternatives. First of all, many self-proclaimed trading coaches have a large part in the Barfin interventions, why this is the case, we will also look at this video. If we look at the restriction of CFDs from 2018 and the trader tax 2020, one could get the feeling that the government is targeting the traders. But that has more to do with the issue of investors than with us traders.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Beware of these trading coaches

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks, I have received many inquiries about my opinion on certain trading coaches. Unfortunately, there is still no independent comparison test in this market to find the best trainer. That's exactly why I want to give you some tips that can potentially save you a lot of money in the future. I can only give you these tips because I am not a trading coach myself. Since I have worked successfully as a trainer in the field of financial intermediaries for more than 20 years in the past, I have the appropriate experience of what is important in coaching. First of all, I was very surprised at the disproportionately high costs that most trading coaches are calling for.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Most effective candle on the market

Hello dear traders,

Candlestick formations used to be a reliable indicator in trading, but with the advent of trading algorithms, these patterns have become increasingly ambiguous. This resulted in a new type of candle that follows this algorithmic approach of institutional traders. In today's post we will talk about these candlestick algorithms and their advantages. The big players work with algorithms that make it easier for them to control individual market and limit orders. These algorithms are very difficult to program because they have to ensure communication between the individual order types. There are algorithms that scan the market for certain anomalies, e.g. hidden stops, and there are algorithms that trigger specific trading strategies. In the event of a breakout, market orders are fired into the market and at the same time the limit orders that would be holding up your own market orders are withdrawn. In order not to have to program new algorithms every day, the internal processes remain within the algorithms. For this, the big players create invisible price zones in the market, which are simply shifted depending on the situation. This means that the algorithms can only be moved to a different price level and continue to follow their programming. For this purpose, an algorithm candlestick was developed, which makes it easier to identify the invisible price zones of the big players and to determine possible trend reversals with a higher probability.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Calculate turnaround beforehand

Hello dear traders,

In the last post we learned about the benefits of the Bionic Candle and how to identify invisible price zones. Today we talk about some backgrounds that are crucial to generate future market advantages from it. In a normal candle chart, we cannot see the current strength within the candle. We will take a closer look at why this works with the Bionic candle. In addition, we will identify other key zones on the chart and see how the price reacts to them.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Trading is clear fraud

Hello dear traders,

there are always voices claiming that trading is mostly cheating as most traders lose. To what extent these statements are correct, we will use data and facts to check in today's article. Very interesting things come to light, which even I would not have expected beforehand.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #749 ---
The silence of the big players

Hello dear traders,

Many trading coaches talk about the big players but have no idea how they actually work behind the scenes. On the Internet we find millions of posts from retail traders but unfortunately no information from the big players. What is the reason for this, because in principle the big players receive a lot of information from us, while the big players remain silent. Is this deliberately controlled or is there a clear reason why we retailers get so little information about the big players? In this article, we will deal with these factors in detail and in the end we will understand exactly what is happening.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Margin Call

Hello dear traders,

his article is about leverage and margin and what exactly you must do, to avoid a future margin call. We deal with the question to what extent high leverage is dangerous and what advantages and disadvantages result from margin trading. Is a lever a loan and why can you achieve such a supposedly high return with it? Overall, we're going to get some results that many of you wouldn't have expected.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Forex vs Future

Hello dear traders,

now that futures have also slipped into BaFin's focus, we will have to reckon with significant regulations in this area in the coming months. For this reason, today we will compare the already regulated forex market with the future regulated futures market. In recent years, trading coaches have sprung up like mushrooms, literally ripping off their clients with their unnecessary volume of trading. In addition, they have dubbed the futures markets as the only true markets because the exchanges are said to be fair and honest with their customers. The Forex market, including brokers, has been presented as a scam market that brings massive disadvantages to a trader.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Big Player Ping Pong Strategy

Hello dear traders,

in today's video, we're going to look at a new strategy used by the big players that has been tested over and over for the past few months. In this way, the big players increase their efficiency in trading on the one hand and reduce their risk at the same time. In one of my last videos: How big players achieve returns, and currency exchange extremely, we have already dealt with different strategies of the big players, which increasingly violate the requirements of the stock exchange supervisory authorities. The supervisory authorities have no chance in the foreseeable future, because how they want to check container loads full of paper, with the respective transactions.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Protection from a black swan

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will talk about how we can protect ourselves from possible losses in the event of a black swan. Unexpected and improbable events with a significant impact are referred to in economics as black swans. There have been massive price losses on the stock exchange in recent years, which have driven many traders to ruin. Of course, such black swan events cannot be predicted and that is exactly why it is important to achieve the highest possible level of security in order to be optimally protected in the worst case. There are a few ways to do that, which we'll cover in this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Hello, i've re-started to read your thread from beginning,so, first, thank you for all that work, 4years ago i've read the first few pages and i can see all the efforts you put and the great progress. Your journey quite inspires me because i'm also working in bank and you've started your thread after 9yo of trading after have tried all indicators/strategies existing, that's exactly the point where i am too now ahah

I've finished to read the 2 threads, i've learnt to use basics of ATAS, how works Open Interests, etc.

but i'm still far to be able to trade correctly with your strategy.

Could you help me with my interrogations ?

1) Most important, i'm not sure to draw correctly the key candles (especially when it's not a breakout). So is there an example :

on m15, i've started seeing this, i've simply took the breakout candle, then i took the first clear candle of retracement to draw the blue upper zone.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then i've taken the candle of the first durable low breakout. And then, i've taken the first clear big candle going up at the new support zone.(RS group

indicator lines are going in opposites ways and usindex is ok too)

Am i completely wrong or i get it ?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2) Now, i see a possible trade because the candle bounces on the zone traced in m15, and nice blue candle on m1

So now, i look other confirmations and way to pin point my entry.

m5 and m15 limit delta, i don't see an amazing pattern but still see 4-5 consecutives red boxes on top of m15 last candle.

And on m5, 2 times topping at same zone. But really not sure it's enough informations :/
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On second chart we see the move is beginning around 59'00" / 59'10"

and we see 10 down ticks consecutive on T&S list

So question, have we a first possible entry here ? is it not too soon ? (let's see 8ticks chart, around first red line)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

later I see this on cumulative trades (still replay mode, perhaps not super accurate data, seems different from history :/)

the first "-5" at minute 59'49" appears, good sign too but we see on 1 second chart it didn't break last low, is it a problem ?

Shy move on T&S, only 4-5 ticks red

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

at 00'16" we're still clearly going down cuz we are around -10/-11 ticks consecutive, but we see a lot of

buy appear, BUT didn't move the price at all and on tick char (see above in the post) we break another significant low,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So... i'm quite lost ahah, could help me to see more clearly about all this ?

Furthermore, where would you put your SL according to these trades ?

I've seen all your trades examples, but i've still doubts when i look myself.

subsidiaries questions :

3) "Open Interests" stays at 0 on my T&S, do you have an idea why ? i'm on demo at this time on ATAS (but with CTS feed, CQC demo feed was bugged,

ATAS gave me another one)

I've downloaded a spoof DOM template from ATAS, but of course which is not as nice as yours and less practical visually :/

So i don't use it at this time.

PS : if it's too messy i'll can remove this post of course, you can answer to me by PM if you prefer

Thanks for your time Bionic,

and good evening/night to all fellow traders here.

Cheers from Belgium

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Algorithms

Hello Thaomasz1,

first of all thank you for your kind compliment, I feel very honored. You have already hit some key zones well, but I recommend that you watch my videos again. First of all, the zones I draw with the Bionic Candle are just an option. As soon as the price enters my marked zone, I look at my identified algorithms of the big players. For this I primarily use the Dom and the T&S list. However, I extract special data from it with individual filters, which give me a deeper insight into the market. The normal Dom or T&S does not reveal this information. Since the cause of the price movement lies exclusively in the market orders that run into the limit orders, the result is the price, the volume and the footprint charts. Mathematically speaking, all this information is based solely on coincidences, so it is not possible to make a profitable derivation from it. That means a trader has to get to the root cause and with special filters this is also possible to a limited extent in order to identify the algorithms of the big players. By the way, there is no open interest in EuroUS Dollars via the CME as the data is not shared. You can find OI in the Russian market, but the data there is not complete. Basically, I can say that you are on the right track, but it will be many years before you can penetrate deeper into the eye of the tornado. As in all areas of life, this is a process that unfortunately happens very slowly. You just have to keep at it and try to look deeper and deeper into the market.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you continued success.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #756 ---
What brings volume trading

Hello dear traders,

in the last twelve years, volume trading has been pushed by many trading coaches because it was a very lucrative source of income for them. In today's post, we're going to take a close look at how volume trading increases our probability of winning. Can you actually determine most of the reversal points with volume trading in advance and is it worth booking the expensive volume seminars of the trading coaches? In this respect, today is a very interesting topic that I think will open the eyes of many traders. However, as with all free information, in the end each participant will have to decide for themselves how to use this information for themselves.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Are Futures easier to trade

Hello dear traders,

As we know, there is significantly less information in the forex market than in the futures or stock markets. In addition to the well-known footprint charts, there is volume information, iceberg trackers, pulling and stacking as well as the DOM and the time and sales list. According to the trading coaches, this is unbeatable information that allows you to see exactly where the big players stand and thus bring incredible returns to every retailer. Provided that they book an inexpensive trading seminar with you for €10,000. In today's article we analyze to what extent this large amount of information from the futures market actually helps us and whether we can achieve higher profit rates than in the forex market.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Brakes are for losers

Hello dear traders,

today's post is about the most important topic that affects both beginners and advanced traders. Of course, this not only applies to trading, but also to many situations in our lives. Everyone knows that moment when you think about giving up. The thought is seductive because it's easier to give up than to keep pursuing your goal. The decisive factor is that people with particularly high ambitions always have to accept setbacks, and this is exactly where the wheat separates from the chaff. There have always been people who have already achieved the impossible. Whether they built a global corporation out of a garage, conquered an illness, or achieved something nobody believed in.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Test Prop dept capital trading

Hello dear traders,

today's post is about trading with dept capital, also known as prop trading. Many beginners dream of trading with dept capital without making a loss and at the same time making a lot of money with this strategy. Today we look at different models of proprietary trading, analyze the advantages and disadvantages and also take a look at the legal and tax aspects. Since each of your situations is of course different, you should definitely consult a tax advisor, lawyer or auditor before concluding a contract with a prop company in order to get a personal overview. There are also different contracts and offers with the prop companies, which of course cannot all be taken into account.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #760 ---
How operate the DoM

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will take a look at how the stock market actually works and why many traders do not get ahead, even with the highly praised volume trading. On the left we see the time and sales list, on the right the Dom. To this end, I have created a very interesting comparison for you today that will put you right in the eye of the tornado and thus give you a better understanding of the actual cause of the price movement. At the end I will give you an understanding of my exact approach to trading and why it works so well. Before we get started, I want to show you something very interesting.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Trader rip off

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we look at how we retail traders are being ripped off by different institutions and companies. Of course, we are in a free market economy, but that is by no means a license to use unfair methods to get traders' money. But money is exchanged very quickly on the stock exchange and it is therefore clear that this attracts many rip-offs. I don't want to give the impression that everyone on the stock market is a rip-off. Of course, the majority of companies are fair and honest, otherwise nobody would probably speculate on the stock market anymore

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Real returns in trading

Hello dear traders,

A question that occupies every trader is: How much return can you generate with trading and how much money do you need to be able to live on it? We will deal with exactly this topic today and look at different models. We will look at the returns of the most successful institutional traders as they are more comparable to a retailer than a large, big player. Of course, we will also critically examine and question some statements from different trading coaches. All in all, an exciting topic that we can look forward to.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Trading is soooo easy...

Hello dear traders,

on the way to becoming a successful trader, we meet many people on the Internet who have formed their own opinions about trading. In principle, that would also be completely fine if it is not a matter of money-making, rip-off or vanity. Some traders claim that trading is the easiest thing in the world. They don't understand why many traders think or act in such a complicated way. In today's post, we examine the extent to which trading can actually be classified as easy and whether an above-average return can be achieved with little effort.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Trading Life Balance

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we are going to talk about trading life balance. I have summarized some aspects for you that are very interesting. Trading Life Balance means achieving moderate monthly performance with the least amount of stress, risk and effort. At first glance this seems harder than it really is. There are a few basic requirements that we look at in this video. So what exactly is this Trading Life Balance? First of all, a life balance consists of four different pillars. The first pillar represents professional life, below which falls career success and money. After that follows, our body and our health. This includes, for example, the topic of nutrition, relaxation and sport.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #765 ---
PC tips Trading

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks, many of you have repeatedly asked me about the optimal components in trading and what exactly is important in the field of technology. In today's post, I'm going to give you some tips and tricks that will save you a lot of time and money in the future. The right approach is crucial to put together the right equipment and find the best price-performance ratio. We've already talked about this topic a few times, but today we're going to go into the technology a little more intensively and look at what exactly is important.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Fraud Bionic Forex

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we are going to look at some fakers and scammers, how they get the money out of your pocket, and what you can do specifically to protect yourself against it. It's about unprofessional hackers, sellers of useless EAS, and desperate trading coaches. In this context, my bionic candle, which I developed years ago, also plays a decisive role. So it will be exciting and very interesting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Comparison Scalp, Day, Swing Trader

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we look at which strategy we have the greatest success with in the long term. Nevertheless, we must be aware that no matter whether we are trading as a scalper, day trader or swing trader, our chance of being able to make a living from trading is just 2.5%. This is anything but a realistic chance. We have to look all the more closely to find out which strategy is best for us. Of course, I can only rely on my own experience, which of course is not representative and can apply to everyone. None of us knows what the future will bring, which of course also applies to the stock market. Past, present and future are only illusions, they are stubborn, opinionated and unruly.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Michael, I watch your videos with great attention.

I think the most interesting moments are those when you discuss the mechanics of price movements.

You are talking about the types of orders: market and limit, so I have a question: are stop orders (sell stop, buy stop) also important in this puzzle ?

regards,

NT

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Hello NT, Thank you for your kind words. A stop order belongs to the category of market orders because they are executed immediately. The big players in particular use these retailer stops almost exclusively, as they asorb them with their hidden limit orders and thus prepare their entry or exit into the market. This means that the stop orders you mentioned are among the decisive order types. I am happy if my information helps you and I wish you continued success in trading. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Forex wisdoms in the test

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we analyze different stock market wisdoms and discuss how to follow this advice. Very interesting insights come to light that many of you would not have expected. At the end I would like to give you my personal rules for success, which have saved me a lot of money in recent years. We are also talking about a few interesting Excel spreadsheets that will help you in the area of money management and which I would be happy to make available to you. Now let's start with the first stock market wisdom.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Where do we find the big players

Hello dear traders,

We are all aware that only the big market participants move the markets. First and foremost, of course, this has to do with the immense amounts of capital that they trade every day. Only those who can identify a big player have the chance to follow them. Today we look at where we can actually find big big players. As always, these are just fictitious assumptions and my personal opinion.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #772 ---
I find myself having some of the same thoughts as you about candlestick formations. I use Ninjatrader8. Do you have the Bionic version for Ninjatrader8 ? I want to backtest Bionic and combine with Order Flow on NT8 to develop more on this topic

--- 帖子 #773 ---
The fairy tale about aggressive sellers

Hello dear traders,

today's post is about the aggressive buyers or sellers who regularly push the markets up or down. But is that really true? Are there actually aggressive buyers and sellers or is this just a fairy tale of the unsuspecting trading coaches? In this video we will review the statements and get to the bottom of the possible causes. Things will come to light that you never expected. Retailers are often duped, especially by coaches who only want their money. You can only protect yourself from this with well-founded specialist knowledge, which is why we are going a little deeper into the markets today.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Hello miracle, I think that's very good. The Bionic candle is available for the MT4 and MT5, the candle is currently being prepared for ATAS. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #775 ---
A gift for you

Hello dear traders,

in today's post I would like to give you a personal gift for your loyalty and support over the past two years. First of all, I asked myself a few questions about what kind of gift could best help you. Certainly some will now say, well, money would be the simplest and best gift and you know what, I agree with that. For this reason I would like to give you something special today that is even worth a lot of money. However, this is not physical money, but an opportunity to either save a lot of money in the future or even earn significantly more money with it. In today's post, we're going to unwrap this gift together and I'll show you exactly what to do to make this gift pay off for you in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Equilibrium the key to success

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will talk about the equilibrium in the market. I realized more than twelve years ago that precisely this balance is my key to success. But unfortunately, the stock exchance market equilibrium differs significantly from a conventional market equilibrium. We will analyze the differences in detail to find out why the Equilibrium still offers the greatest opportunities for a trader. Market equilibrium is determined by the equilibrium price for a tangible or intellectual product and the corresponding equilibrium quantity of that product. In market equilibrium, suppliers and demand realize their ideas of price and quantity and the greatest possible turnover is achieved.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Big Player watching you

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we will talk about why the big players have such high hit rates and what mistakes retailers make. Are the big players actually able to see where the retailers are at the moment and if so, how can one protect oneself from this? Why are the big players so keen on our stops, and why do the big players rarely get in each other's way. All in all, it will be an exciting post with lots of information about the big players.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #778 ---
If I may comment here briefly ..... most people don't hunt, Period, end of story. Not in real life nor in trading. They don't know what hunting IS, have never learned how to do it and would probably cry their little eyes out if they ever DID catch something, as they'd have to skin it, gut it and clean it themselves. "EEEwwww" I hear people say as they then cringe with .... "we're too civilized for THAT kind of thing". Of course, if people are not going to learn to hunt and survive in real life, then the obvious take away to everyone who handles and deals with money in this society is .... you're being hunted. I feel sorry for Inst. traders and "prop traders" because they are fed a line and they think they are protected, as do most "traders". Most people have not been trading long enough and thoroughly enough to know the ways of society, as the financial money markets are just an extension of this.

So indeed, I say good video Michael, maybe, just maybe, people will stop thinking they can arm a rabbit with rocket launches without teaching it first, how to truly hunt.

When you mentioned re the inst. traders being given "access" to the data, I started giggling and nearly fell of my chair in laughter as I have worked with both sides and they don't do it out of a sense of being a 'good neighbor" or for "fair competition". No. They're given their orders and they implement. Oh I wish people will learn. All this social media stuff has muddied the waters so much now that people actually "believe" they're entitled to "do well". Hihihihi. Sorry didn't mean to go on and on.

Hmmhhmm ...... good learning curve for people. Than you for sharing Michael.

Happy learning and trading

Peter

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Videos in English

Hi Peter,

many thanks. Translating my German videos to English takes a lot of time and I love doing it for my English followers who have been with me for many years. In November 2021 I had already translated 49 videos and Lemercenaire, who unfortunately died in July of this year, asked me at the time: Do you ever sleep, Michael?  Actually, the videos should already be translated, but that was more work than expected. After all, there is less time to act. In the last few weeks I've taken my time and that's why a video has now been translated every day. If everything goes well, all videos will be translated and published by the end of January 2023. Then my German video will appear every Saturday morning at 9 a.m. and the English translated video the following week. I'll be glad when the project is finished because then there will be more time for trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Solar 8% with a home power plant

Hello dear traders,

let's imagine someone has 1000 € and invests the 25 years. With an average interest rate of 3%, that would be €2100. With a clever leverage strategy, you can also make €7100 out of it, which is an incredible return of 8.2%. And all of this even though we are using the same investment, which effectively only earns us 3% interest. As a lever we use a balcony power plant that many people can use. Likewise, today we will talk about the topic of energy, electricity, and gas, what we can expect and how we can protect ourselves from high costs. Despite the increase in households, energy consumption has been significantly reduced over the past 30 years.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Patterns in the market

Hello dear traders,

Almost every trader is looking for different patterns every day that show him a possible entry or exit. When searching for patterns, indicators, candlesticks, prices and stock market data are used, among other things. Unfortunately, this results in only moderate successes, which usually lead to more losses than profits. The reason for this lies in different mathematical laws that are not considered here. Because of this, most of the patterns we see on the chart are completely useless for trading. In today's post we will analyze to what extent it is still possible to identify patterns from stock market data. As I said before, this is a very big challenge.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #782 ---
The fairy tale of absorption

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we will talk about absorption in the market. Many trading coaches tell their students that absorbing like this is a safe way to make a lot of money. Today we will see if that is really the case. In addition, we talk about the meaning and background of these absorptions, how and why they occur and whether one can derive an advantage from recognizing them. All in all it will be exciting and very interesting again. First of all, we need to know that a market sell or market buy order represents volume in the market. Since the market order runs into the limit order, this is the demand in the market. On the other hand, the limit buy orders represent the so-called liquidity in the market.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Scalper versus Daytrader

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we compare a seconds and minute scalper with a short-term and medium-term day trader. All four have $3000 in their account, trade a maximum of one lot and use a leverage of 200. The effective win rate for all four traders is 69.9%, but of course they work with different stops. They are also in the trade for different lengths of time, and this is exactly why the time each of these traders is in the trade has been adjusted. The day traders even got a trading advantage of over 50 hours. The overall result surprised even me, and I am convinced that you would never have expected it either.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Hello Micheal.

First off, I want to thank you for your efforts and sincere support on this forum. Your findings on the FX market has been revolutionary and coming from a place of love.

I would like to ask questions based on the detailed analysis or will I say perspective on the EU bionic chart above.

Is there a mental model or framework that one can use to see through the collection of orders and protection of those same orders mainly looking at the bionic charts as you did effortlessly?

In my opinion, I think what would solve the riddle is internalizing the theory or reason behind price movements, just as you explained it in the post above.

The little I could gather was as thus;

Stage 1. A gap was meant to be filled by the big players

Stage 2. Retail traders caught on to the loophole and was positioning themselves to ride the price down as it filled.

Stage 3. Big players could see this(which is scary or maybe based on psychological triggers) and instead decided to push price to point B

Stage 4. Retail traders got confused as to why price didn't fill the gap immediately.

Stage 5. At that moment of confusion, the big players filled the gap leaving the retailers again at point C.

Stage 6. A new buy campaign started at Point D to Point G where they started collecting their orders before moving price up.

Stage 7. Big players would now start taking out long traders up to point E which would be a zone pointing to point I.

Stage 8. After long traders are out, then big players may move price up again...

If you noticed I tried to create a mental model or reasoning behind how you explained it.

Is there a book one can read to understand collection campaign, and the likes? To me understanding that will enable one to truly grasp the TRUE power behind the key candle in the bionic chart.

Kind regards

RD.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Opinions and Facts in Trading

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we are talking about opinions and facts that are often misinterpreted, especially in stock market trading. This always leads to misunderstandings because everyone sees things differently. First and foremost, for me are the traders, who follow this channel to optimize their trading win rates. Unfortunately, in the course of time, people also join in who badmouth an idea or are simply against everything. But I don't run a business here and I would like to show all those who consider my information valuable how we can distinguish between opinions and facts even better in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Hello RD, the situation I described was exacerbated by the Corona crisis, as many investors from China invested in the euro. Unfortunately, there is no specific description of this, since the big players prefer to keep such strategies secret. As a trader you have to get a feel for what is happening. You need time and the corresponding screen hours for this. I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you every success. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Thanks for your prompt response.

I am still reading the thread, and will contribute the little way I can.

Quick question, can the key candle be identified on the 1HR timeframe chart?

Also, is your first thread related to this current thread in any way?

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Algorithms the power in trade

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will talk about the algorithms of the big players. We look at why algorithms are needed, how to read them and what advantages they bring for us retailers. The imbalance between big players and retailers is dramatic. Just by looking at their technology, it should be clear to everyone what an advantage they enjoy in retail. In addition, they are set up and brought into line like an army. The retailers, on the other hand, compete as individuals. But even the best individual is never as good as a group. It gets particularly exciting when you look at their screens. Here the question arises: Where are the indicators of the volume or footprint chart.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Hello RD,

the key zones of the bionic candle work in all timeframes. My threads contain different topics, but they all have the same goal: to increase the probability in trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #790 ---
The business of greed

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we will take a closer look at the business model of the exchanges and will first analyze why most people fail at it. Nevertheless, there are clear solutions that we can use to protect ourselves from future surprises. I will show you these today. The gross domestic product (GDP) is a measure of the economic performance of an economy over a specific period of time. It measures the value of goods and services produced domestically, provided these are not used as inputs for the production of other goods and services. The GDP serves as a measure of the economic growth of the individual national economies and is therefore the most important variable in the national accounts.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Truth about volume and liquidity

Hello dear traders,

When I first got involved with the stock market, I thought that there can only be one buyer and one seller. However, since a price can go up or down, there must be a buyer and a seller on both the ask and the bid side. In reality, however, there are actually two different buyers and sellers on both sides. You don't believe me because it sounds crazy? Well, then I would urge you to watch this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Merry Christmas 2022

Hello dear subscribers, hello dear traders from all over the world,

Another year is coming to an end and Christmas is a good opportunity to reflect on the past year. What went well, what not so well and what were the reasons for this? You can use the time around Christmas to take stock of the year together and the time after Christmas to prepare for the resulting changes for the new year. Writing them down and visualizing them regularly manifested the goals in the subconscious. These questions should not only concern our work, but primarily family, health, friends, free time, finances and much more. It's also a good opportunity to sit down with your significant other to reflect on the past year.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Christmas is just around the corner and I hope that you will find some rest to recharge your batteries for the coming year. I want to thank you all for following me, for your great ideas and improvements, and for the friendly interaction on this blog. From the bottom of my heart, I wish you a Merry Christmas, peaceful days, of course health and a lot of joy with the people you love more than anything.

Merry Christmas 2022

Michael

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Die hard

Hello dear traders,

worldwide more than 5 million traders try their luck in trading every day. What most people don't even know is that with their approach, they have no realistic chance of ever breaking even. So most of them die a slow loss death and lose a lot of money in the process. In today's post, I'm going to show you what's the best way to break even. You've probably heard of the triple ninety myth. What is meant by this is that 90% of all traders have lost 90% of their deposit after 90 days. However, this is not as dramatic as it is claimed. Of course, in the long term, 90% of all traders lose, but as a rule, these are slow, creeping losses.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Mindset is deception

Hello dear traders,

many trading coaches always talk about mindset and how important it is in trading. Can you compensate for a lack of expertise and trading setup with a good mindset or is it all just marketing to make a lot of money? In today's post we will analyze what priority the mindset actually has in relation to trading expertise and trading setup. You'll be amazed at what comes of it. What is mindset? Mindset includes the behavior and thought patterns as well as the attitude, mentality, or mental attitude of people. It is assumed that our inner beliefs influence the way we behave and make decisions in certain situations.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Trading Coach funny

Hello dear traders,

In the last few months, new trading coaches have been springing up like mushrooms and offering their pointless trading seminars with unfair methods. If you look at the videos, you see successful traders coming home to their happy advertising families in their sports cars in the evenings. Word should have gotten around that this type of advertising is anything but realistic. Some incompetent trading coaches are being exposed right now, so it's a good time to warn you all again. If these so-called traders would shoot an honest video, it would look something like this.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #796 ---
The trap avoid that

Hello dear traders,

due to the massive imbalance between big players and retailers, our risk in the market is disproportionately high. The big players have a clear and strategic approach designed to keep trapping us retailers. And indeed, we keep falling for their strategies. Today we will talk about how we can significantly reduce this risk and at the same time optimize our money management. In order to present this risk in a manageable way, I developed the pip value per minute many years ago. Let's look at an example. We enter a trade, and the first candle reaches 0.8 pip after 1 minute. This corresponds to a pip value of 0.8 per minute. The risk is now 1.88, almost double the average.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Tick Chart 90% cheaper

Hello dear traders,

a tick chart can help us to increase profits and reduce losses at the same time. This can improve the RRR by a factor of three in the same trade and at the same time significantly reduce the risk per trade. In today's post we will look at which tick chart is suitable for this and which server we work best with. Many traders feel the need to look even deeper into a candle. For example, from the daily chart to the H1, from the M 15 to the M1, but at the latest in the 1-minute chart you reach your limit. This is where the tick chart comes in handy, which can look up to 40 times deeper into the M1 candle.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Happy New Year!

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Big Player Whisperer

Hello dear traders,

for over twelve years now I have been dealing with the big players, studying their procedures, and trying to put myself in their shoes from a mathematical point of view in order to derive commercial advantages from it. Maybe the background was that in the beginning I was looking for a role model in trading that I could look up to. In today's article we analyze to what extent the big players can actually help us in retail and whether it makes sense to concentrate on these big players. In addition, I show you that putting a stop is no guarantee of getting out at this point.

Inserted Video

I wish you a happy new year 2023

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Happy new year 2023

Hello dear traders,

Time flies so fast and another year has passed. The new year is just around the corner and it's time for new, challenging resolutions. After a hectic year on the stock markets, things have calmed down a bit and this helps us to look back on the past year. What was good and what stopped us this year? In which area do we still have problems and where do we urgently need to work on ourselves in order to achieve our goals for the next year? All of these questions are important in order to maintain or even improve our breakeven point in the future. We can only answer these questions ourselves, after all we know our strengths and weaknesses. But no matter how good we are, there are situations where only a miracle can help.

Just a miracle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tess, a magical eight-year-old, went into her room and got a jam jar from the hiding place in the closet. She dumped all the money on the floor and counted it carefully - three times. The sum had to be right. She carefully placed the coins back in the jar, closed the lid, and slipped out the back door. She walked six blocks down to the drug store with the big red Indian chief on the sign above the door. She waited patiently for her turn. "Now, little lady, how can I help you?" asked the pharmacist. I want to buy a miracle, Tess replied. A miracle, asked the pharmacist? My little brother Andrew is very ill, something bad is growing in his head and my father says only a miracle can save him. How much does a miracle like this cost? "We don't sell miracles here, little girl. I'm sorry, but I can't help you," said the pharmacist. Look, I've got money to pay for it. And if it's not enough, I'll get the rest. Just tell me how much it costs.” Behind her stood a well-dressed man. He bent down and asked the little girl, 'What miracle does your brother need?' "I don't know," Tess replied, her eyes filling with tears. "All I know is that he's really sick and mommy says he needs an operation. But my dad can't pay for them, so I want to take my money. 'How much do you have?' asked the man. "One dollar and eleven cents," Tess said barely audibly. "And that's all the money I have, but I can get more if I need to." What a coincidence,” the man smiled. "One dollar and eleven cents - just the price of a miracle for little brothers." He took her money in one hand and in the other he took hers and said, "Show me where you live. I want to see your brother and meet your parents. Let's see if I have the miracle you need.' This well-dressed man was a surgeon specializing in neurosurgery. The surgery was performed free of charge, and it wasn't long before Andrew was back home and doing well. Mom and Dad happily talked about the events that were so incredible. "This operation," her mother whispered, it was a real miracle. I would like to know what it costs. ' Tess smiled. She knew exactly how much a miracle costs...one dollar and eleven cents...

I wish you a happy new year 2023 and keep my fingers crossed that all your wishes come true this year.

Lovely wishes Michael

--- 帖子 #801 ---
The what if plan

Hello dear traders,

imagine you are about to enter a trade and you now want to set your stop. Suddenly you find that your mouse is unresponsive. The trade starts going heavily negative against you. You think maybe it's the mouse's energy and start frantically looking for batteries. Thank God you can still find new batteries and swap them out quickly. Meanwhile, the trade is still going strong against you and would have hit your stop long ago. The new batteries are installed, and you try to close the trade, but the mouse still does not respond. Some beginners have already switched off the computer in this situation. However, the trade continues to run in the background.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Finally a non smoker as a trader

Hello dear traders,

on my 100th video, we are going to take a trip to a completely different area and talk about how it is easier for traders to become non-smokers or how smokers can save a few 10,000 €. Our state is becoming more and more greedy and after the new trader tax was introduced, a new and interesting tobacco tax follows. In addition to health, a good reason to stop doing it. But that's easier said than done for many and that's exactly what you'll get some tips for today. If you are a non-smoker yourself, you may know someone you can help with this post. Many smokers feel that because they have been smoking for so many years, it is no longer worth it from a health perspective.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Big Player the big secret

Hello dear traders,

although the biggest big players in the world are obliged to create balance sheets, they are still able to disguise their trades in such a way that even a professional cannot see through. In today's article we will evaluate Goldman Sachs' balance sheet very strategically and complete it from a logical point of view. Things come to light that even I didn't expect. Based on the evaluation of the last twelve years, we can draw conclusions about how the big players will proceed in the future. And this is exactly how we are able to adapt and align our strategies in order to optimize our profit quotas in the future. Here you can see again the five main strategies that the biggest big players in the world are grappling with.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Invisible Stopp Loss

Hello dear traders,

which of us has not seen this yet? We are stopped out and right after that the price turns in our traded direction. Is it all right here or are we just a plaything for the broker? Everyone has certainly asked themselves this question and today we will deal with it exactly. What options do we have to protect ourselves against stop fishing by a broker and what measures should we take in relation to this? First, we see here a price history of a dubious broker that never took place in the market. This is exactly where countless retailers are stopped and robbed of their money. When looking for a broker who is fair and honest, the first problems begin.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Holy grail in trading

Hello dear traders,

the Holy Grail has been mankind's most sought-after cult object for over 2000 years. According to legend, it is a vessel from which Jesus Christ is said to have drunk at the Last Supper. This vessel promises power salvation and eternal life. The holy grail of the stock market promises profits in the millions without risk. In today's post, we're going to simulate a holy grail on the stock market and see what happens then. As we all know, success on the stock market consists of a series of different empirical values. Whether you want to be a doctor, a lawyer, or a notary, on average it takes ten years to train before you can put your skills into practice to make a lot of money.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Become a professional trader with 44 euros per month

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, I'll show you how you can break even in the next one to two years with an average of €44 a month. Of course, all losses incurred are already included in the amount. However, if you want to do this within this time, you must also be willing to throw some things overboard and at the same time accept new insights. As we know, only 10% of all traders break even, but with a few strategic moves you can be one of them in the future. Please note that you use the data I have provided free of charge at your own risk.

Inserted Video

I wish you every success this year

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #807 ---
The silence of the big player

Hello dear traders,

many trading coaches talk about the big players but have no idea how they actually work in the background. On the Internet we find millions of posts from retail traders but unfortunately no information from the big players. What is the reason for this, because in principle the big players receive a lot of information from us, while the big players remain silent? Is this deliberately controlled or is there a clear reason why we retailers get so little information about the big players? In this article, we will deal with these factors in detail and in the end, we will understand exactly what is happening.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Futures is trading easier

Hello dear traders,

as we know, there is significantly less information in the forex market than in the futures or stock markets. In addition to the well-known footprint charts, there is volume information, iceberg trackers, pulling and stacking as well as the DOM and the time and sales list. According to the trading coaches, this is unbeatable information that allows you to see exactly where the big players stand and thus bring incredible returns to every retailer. Provided that they book an inexpensive trading seminar with you for €10,000. In today's article we analyze to what extent this large amount of information from the futures market actually helps us and whether we can achieve higher profit rates than in the forex market.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Trading is so easy

Hello dear traders,

On the way to becoming a successful trader, we meet many people on the Internet who have formed their own opinions about trading. In principle, that would also be completely fine if it is not a matter of money-making, rip-off, or vanity. Some traders claim that trading is the easiest thing in the world. They don't understand why many traders think or act in such a complicated way. Traders who have been trying to break even for many years feel like underdogs or losers because it seems so easy for others. In today's post, we examine the extent to which trading can actually be classified as easy and whether an above-average return can be achieved with little effort.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #810 ---
This thread is going nowhere fast.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Arrogance is the art of being proud of the own stupidity.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
I have been around just too long to be fooled by wannabe's

Just carry on posting your vids if it strokes your ego.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Unfortunately, one notices here that you haven't dealt with the matter in depth - why write comments and deal with content if you actually have no interest in it. That doesn't make any sense or can you explain it to me? Wasting time is exactly what we don't need, because we don't have enough of it anyway...

kind regards

Tobias

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Where we do find the big players

Hello dear traders,

we are all aware that only the big market participants move the markets. First and foremost, this has to do with the immense amounts of capital they trade daily. Only those who can identify a big player have the chance to follow them. Today we look at where we can actually find biggest big players. As always, these are just fictitious assumptions and my personal opinion. The big players and retailers have different advantages and disadvantages in the market. When we put all the pros and cons together, we can see why so many retailers are losing. The big players have the most capital in the market, followed by the institutional traders and the smallest are the retailers.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Patterns in the market

Hello dear traders,

almost every trader is looking for different patterns every day that show him a possible entry or exit. When searching for patterns, indicators, candlesticks, prices, and stock market data are used, among other things. Unfortunately, this results in only moderate successes, which usually lead to more losses than profits. The reason for this lies in different mathematical laws that are not considered here. Because of this, most of the patterns we see on the chart are completely useless for trading. In today's post we will analyze to what extent it is still possible to identify patterns from stock market data.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Your own setup

Hello dear traders,

whether you are a beginner, an advanced or a professional trader, everyone is always on their own when it comes to trading. Since groups are always smarter than the smartest individual, an exchange should be considered. A trader's biggest challenge is having good information to improve their trading style. But where do you get it from if your own creativity is not so pronounced. In today's post, I'll show you strategic ways to get information and indicators tailored to you, completely free of charge, to reach your breakeven faster. This saves you a lot of money and nerves in the long run.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Thruth about Volume Liquidity

Hello dear traders,

when I first dealt with the stock market, I thought that there can only be one buyer and one seller. However, since a price can go up or down, there must be a buyer and a seller on both the ask and the bid side. In reality, however, there are actually two different buyers and sellers on both sides. You don't believe me because it sounds crazy? Well, then I would urge you to watch this video. As we already know, the market orders represent the volume, and the limit orders the corresponding liquidity in the market. This means that the volume basically runs into liquidity. Volume and liquidity equally determine volatility, risk and spread.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Big Player whisperer

Hello dear traders,

I have been dealing with the big players for over twelve years now, studying their procedures and trying to put myself in their position from a mathematical point of view in order to achieve trading advantages. Maybe the background was that in the beginning I was looking for a role model in trading that I could look up to. In today's article we analyze to what extent the big players can actually help us in retail and whether it makes sense to concentrate on these big players. In addition, I show you that putting a stop is no guarantee of getting out at this point. A role model is someone you look up to and identify with. These role models represent behaviors, characteristics, or attitudes that one would like to imitate or copy.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #819 ---
With $44 a month to a profi trader

Hello dear traders,

In today's article I will show you how you can break even with an average of €44 per month in the next one to two years. Of course, all losses incurred are already included in the amount. However, if you want to do this within this time, you must also be willing to throw some things overboard and at the same time accept new insights. As we know, only 10% of all traders break even, but with a few strategic moves you can be one of them in the future. Please note that you use the data I have provided free of charge at your own risk. First of all, trading is nothing more than a series of different experiences.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Your own setup

Hello dear traders,

whether you are a beginner, an advanced or a professional trader, everyone is always on their own in trading. Since groups are always smarter than the smartest individual, an exchange should be considered. A trader's biggest challenge is having good information to improve their trading style. But where do you get it from if your own creativity is not so pronounced. In today's post, I'll show you strategic ways to get information and indicators tailored to you, completely free of charge, to help you to reach the breakeven faster. This saves you a lot of money and nerves in the long run.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #821 ---
50 videos in 10 weeks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

in September 2020 I published my first German video on YouTube and then translated the text into English that I published on FF. This was not practical, as the corresponding images were often missing. In November 2021 I have translated the first video into English and publish it on my blog. That was received very positively. This was followed by 1-2 English videos per week, but there was also a new German video every week. Thus, the gap between the German and English videos always remained the same. Last month, December 2022, I invested more than 200 hours and translated over 50 videos into English. In the last 10 weeks a video was published on every trading day and now a total of 120 German and English videos are available. There is also an English and German channel on YouTube

https://www.youtube.com/@BionicsForexAlgorithms

And here you can find the German channel.

https://www.youtube.com/@BionicsAlgos

If you subscribe to the channel and activate the bell, you will be informed as soon as a new video appears.

It is planned that the new German video will appear every Saturday at 9:00 a.m. and the translated video in English by the following Tuesday at the latest. Please excuse me for not being able to additionally translate the German text in the video due to time constraints. If you have any questions about a video, feel free to write to me. Since my English-speaking colleagues at FF are particularly important to me, I was happy to invest these 200 hours for them.

The effort for a newly produced video should not be underestimated. I need about 10-12 hours to create a German and English 4K video, which I always produce on Saturdays because I'm in the trade from Monday to Friday. I would like to emphasize once again that the videos are only my personal opinion and I make no claim to be right. I don't earn any money with the videos and I do it voluntarily because I enjoy it and it helps me. I would be very happy if you get one or the other idea from the videos.

I wish you continued success in trading

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Nobody talks about that in trading

Hello dear traders,

On the way to becoming a successful trader, there are many hurdles that cost a lot of time and money. In today's post we look at the measures we can take to make savings in order to reach our goal faster in the future. Another important question when breaking even is how much money it takes to make a living from it. Many traders believe that you need at least €50-100,000 in capital, but in reality it is much less. To avoid future mistakes as a professional, you should watch this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Nobody talks about that in trading

Hello dear traders,

On the way to becoming a successful trader, there are many hurdles that cost a lot of time and money. In today's post we look at the measures we can take to make savings in order to reach our goal faster in the future. Another important question when breaking even is how much money it takes to make a living from it. Many traders believe that you need at least €50-100,000 in capital, but in reality it is much less. To avoid future mistakes as a professional, you should watch this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #824 ---
You will be ripped off so brutally

Hello dear traders,

In the last 13 years I have spoken to at least 100 different traders. Not a single trader who has used a trading coach has broken even. This may not be representative, but it clearly shows that using a trading coach is basically useless. If you are not careful, the whole thing can get very expensive and that is why I would like to give you some tips today so that you can protect yourself from scammers in the future. A criminal defense lawyer even thinks it is possible, that public prosecutors could investigate some trading coaches on suspicion of fraud.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #825 ---
You will be ripped off so brutally

Hello dear traders,

in the last 13 years I have spoken with more than 100 different traders. Not a single trader who has used a trading coach has reached breakeven. This may not be representative, but it clearly shows that using a trading coach is basically useless. If you are not careful, the whole thing can get very expensive and that is why I would like to give you some tips today so that you can protect yourself from scammers in the future. A criminal defense lawyer even thinks it is possible, that public prosecutors could investigate some trading coaches on suspicion of fraud.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Tick chart for professionals

Hello dear traders,

many of you had the wish to shed more light on the tick chart topic. In today's video, we look at the specific benefits of using a tick chart and how you can use it to significantly improve your win rates. We also talk about how to increase your investment tenfold on the tick chart. First of all, a trader can use a tick chart to look deeper into a candle in a very clever way and even use special auxiliary indicators to determine where more short or long traders have been stopped out. This increases the likelihood of making correct trading decisions.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Tick chart for professionals

Hello dear traders,

many of you had the wish to shed more light on the tick chart topic. In today's video, we look at the specific benefits of using a tick chart and how you can use it to significantly improve your win rates. We also talk about how to increase your investment tenfold on the tick chart. First of all, a trader can use a tick chart to look deeper into a candle in a very clever way and even use special auxiliary indicators to determine where more short or long traders have been stopped out. This increases the likelihood of making correct trading decisions.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #828 ---
ChatGPT on the stock market

Hello dear traders,

the artificial intelligence ChatGPT is causing chaos, even though it has only been on the market for two months. Many expect it to be a bigger boom than the iPhone or the start of cryptocurrencies. Even Google gave a Code Red in December because the chatbot was a possible threat to Google's future. On the one hand, the new AI creates many opportunities on the other hand, but also many risks. In today's post we will analyze and test to what extent ChatGPT can be dangerous for us in the stock market and how it may continue in the future. The chatbot developed by the US company open AI called ChatGPT is a text-based dialogue system based on machine learning. This enables ChatGPT to answer questions, challenge false assumptions and admit mistakes. We will take a closer look at this later in a stock market test.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #829 ---
ChatGPT on the stock market

Hello dear traders,

the artificial intelligence ChatGPT is causing chaos, even though it has only been on the market for two months. Many expect it to be a bigger boom than the iPhone or the start of cryptocurrencies. Even Google gave a Code Red in December because the chatbot was a possible threat to Google's future. On the one hand, the new AI creates many opportunities on the other hand, but also many risks. In today's post we will analyze and test to what extent ChatGPT can be dangerous for us in the stock market and how it may continue in the future. The chatbot developed by the US company open AI called ChatGPT is a text-based dialogue system based on machine learning. This enables ChatGPT to answer questions, challenge false assumptions and admit mistakes. We will take a closer look at this later in a stock market test.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Hello Bionic,

I have 2 little questions since i plan to develop with a friend my own spoofing indicator,etc. :

1) I see that in your last videos you're using/showing the basic template for spoofing proposed by ATAS . Since you've developped your own spoofing indicator,

why are you showing this basic template, it's just a random old video you've taken, or you've found a reason to use the basic template of ATAS ?

2) In the image below, you explain limit buy are on the left in the T&S, but then in your personalized indicator, the left number are the red colored

blocks on the right ( since every block appears to be 5 lots in your settings), so can you explain why it's the opposite ? Must be a stupid thing i don't understand, but it annoys me ahah
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thank you and good evening !

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Hello thomasz1,

in the last 4 years I have tried to read the algorithms of the big players with different stock exchange programs in order to penetrate even deeper into the eye of the tornado. I use up to 100 different charts on my trading screen, which require high performance. The tool I use is one of the fastest stock exchange programs for retailers because it primarily uses the GPU of the graphics card for its arithmetic operations. A GPU is able to perform arithmetic operations up to ten times faster than a CPU.

The limit sell orders (red) are in the DoM on the right ask side and the limit buy orders (green) on the left bid side. My representation in the picture is not about spoofing, but about the current strength of the respective limit orders in the Best Ask and Best Bid areas. These are the current net figures, a possible spoofing is already integrated here. The colors of the market orders are of course exactly opposite. A green market buy order runs into a red limit sell order on the ask side. There are 6 different states of spoofing. Pulling, stacking or an equilibrium on the ask or bid side. However, no future price developments can be derived from this that would be sustainably profitable. The background is that strong absorption on the ask side does not automatically mean a trend change if a big player orders only a partial exit from the euro at this price level. The pure spoofing analysis is useless, you have to look at very special orders in spoofing that have a lasting relevance. The topic is simply too complex to determine clear future intentions of the big players. It is precisely for this reason that I focus on the algorithms. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Thank you for your fast answer, it's appreciated but i think we don't understand each other,

1) strength of the respective limit orders : i know the pic i've posted has nothing to do with spoofing, but i don't understand the next image, let's look at the first line, "2x6", so there are 6 lots of limit sell, and you've colored one block green because it has matched a buy market order. But so, why you write "size limit buy orders" on the left,  it should be "size market buy orders", no ?  Since the green block on the left represent market buy order matching limit sell order.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2) Spoofing :  So, you mean that you don't use this template at all ? https://atas.net/atas-possibilities/...as-order-book/

it was just a random DOM representation you've chosen to illustrate your videos ? Because i was surprised to see it everywhere in your last videos since january 2023.

but i guess you're using the following one  ?  I ask because i plan to code something similar with my own settings, filters, etc. and i'd prefer to go in the good direction
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Have a good week-end !

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Bionic Candle in the future market

Hello dear traders,

The most well-known candle is the Candle Chart, which was developed in the circa 1850's by a legendary Sakata rice trader known as Homma. Most likely, his innovative ideas were consistently modified and then refined over years of trading, eventually leading to the system of candlestick charts. Renko charts were first used by Japanese traders in the 19th century. The Japanese called them "renga" or "brick" because of their rectangular shape. The Heikin Ashi Charts were also originally developed in Japan. Heikin Ashi can be translated as "average bar" in German. In the West, Heikin Ashi Charts became popular through the work of Swedish trader Dan Valcu.

The Bionic candle is the latest candle and was developed by me in Germany from 2014 and made available to the first forex traders at Forex Factory free of charge in 2018. So far it has been downloaded almost 30,000 times and is only at the beginning of a possible career. I am very proud that a major stock exchange platform took notice and that the Bionic Candle is celebrating its premiere in the futures and stock markets today. I would like to clearly emphasize that I make the Bionic candle available to all traders free of charge and I do not earn any money with it, since I am a full-time trader. So all the information you get is a voluntary investment of time on my part.

From my point of view, the Bionic Candle is a very modern candle that has adapted to changing markets and is very flexible. It shows the prices exactly, just like the candlestick, but without the wicks. This results in only 2 movements that you as a trader can capture faster. The histogram can be used to filter out certain movement sequences that give the trader important information. Of course, the bionic candle first has to prove itself over the next few decades, after all, the candle chart is 170 years ahead.

The bionic candle is already integrated in the alpha and beta versions of ATAS. As soon as the developers see that everything is stable, it will move to the latest and stable versions. The Bionic Candle has a few interesting properties that I explain in detail in this video.

Video English
Inserted Video
Video German
Inserted Video

Due to the 5 times finer price structures in the foreign exchange market, the Bionic Candle is somewhat more precise than in the futures market. This is an advantage for us forex traders.

I would be happy if my ideas help you as a trader and I wish you continued success in trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Hi Thomas, the charts you are referring to are from 2020 when I made various attempts to get closer to the algorithms and spoofing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point J you can see the spoofing in a 2D plot and the red bars at Point E are specially made to identify the strength of market sell orders running into limit buy orders. Point J and E are the bid side. This tool no longer exists in my current chart. However, I have taken over some successful programming from it. My chart image changes almost every week as I find more shots that bring me closer to the eye of the tornado. These new charts are initially outside of my mainchart and are projected onto one of my 4 outside screens. Most data come from ATAS but have nothing to do with standard settings, as I change them accordingly. Of course I use spoofing information, but not the standard view. I filter the information accordingly to identify the spoofing of the big players. In my last post I wrote that the standard spoofing information isn't of much use if you don't know the real intentions of the big player. I don't react to the spoofing either, I just use it to identify the phase in which the big players are currently.

Theoretically, one could also identify possible iceberg orders with appropriately modified spoofing information. There is extensive scientific work on the subject of iceberg orders. 10% of all hidden orders are based on native and 90% on synthetic iceberg orders. The scientists, who have little or no experience in trading, refer to the Kaplan-Meier estimator that was developed in 1958. It is a non-parametric estimation of the survival function as part of event time analysis. While estimating a probability within a random sequence of iceberg orders may be a way to develop an algorithm, in the end it's just an estimate. Even if this estimate were 30% accurate, the synthetic iceberg order success rate would only be 27%. Personally, I wouldn't base a trading decision on that. Smaller iceberg orders are constantly being used in the markets and even if one were able to immediately identify a larger absorption, there is a 50% chance that the price would still break through this price level. In addition, the intention of an iceberg order is not clearly identifiable. In EURUSD, an iceberg order on the limit sell side can mean a partial or full exit from the euro, or even a dollar entry. It can also be a currency swap involving two different banks. That means. Even if iceberg orders were 100% clearly identifiable, it would not be possible to predict a future price development that would be profitable in the long term. In addition, the spoofing information and the representation from all software providers are not sufficient to draw concrete information from them. That's why I think it's good that you take action yourself to get more specific information.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you progress with your creative approach. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Ok thank you, i'll try to participate to the thread and show my progress/results IF i succeed to be profitable, it can motivates other silent readers as i've been motivated by your 80% winrate test few years ago

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Hello Thomas, I would be most happy if the information brought you real added value. Continued success in trading. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #837 ---
I completely agree with that, probably only stocks are more clear in identification, even considering that liquidity via other instruments like options or dark pools at the end is influencing the result

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Breakeven in the forex and futures market

Hello dear traders,

Today's post will be particularly exciting because we are going to use facts to examine how long it takes for a trader to break even in the forex or futures market. We use exactly the same conditions and probabilities and I am convinced that you would never have expected the result.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Breakeven in the forex and futures market

Hello dear traders,

Today's post will be particularly exciting because we are going to use facts to examine how long it takes for a trader to break even in the forex or futures market. We use exactly the same conditions and probabilities and I am convinced that you would never have expected the result.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #840 ---
The devil is in the details

Hello dear traders,

as the heading already reveals, the devil is in the details, we will deal with the essential content today; to be successful as a trader in the long term. The problem with this is that many fake trading coaches mislead us completely with their volume trading, footprint charts, COT data, and divergences. All this only costs you a lot of money unnecessarily and never brings you the hoped-for success. Today I'm going to show you a way to break even within 2-3 years, but of course this is just advice and not a request.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Hello Michael,

I always come back to your thread, because you are doing the same thing like me. Sorry for posting other chart, it's sadly cTrader where Bionic candle is unavailable. Your use of tick charts is really amazing, it's literally the same thing like I do. I wish in future I'll see Bionic candles on cTrader. I'd be in seventh heaven if we could get Bionic Candles on ctrader in the future. Because using two platforms is really annoying for me.

Hourly chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

30t chart I believe
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

May I ask you, if I can share pictures later with my indicator & your Bionic candles together? I might have some cool idea, we can maybe elaborate on that as I believe your help would help me more than anything.

Also, may I write about your Bionic candles on our czech trading site? I believe some people here in Czech Republic would love to try this approach. Your charts are really beautiful... I believe they will never see it. I tried to find it, but no one in Czech knows your Bionic chart.

Greetings from George.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Hello Georg, first of all, thank you for the kind words. The idea of the bionic candle was born in 2014 and was first published here on FF in 2018. Although the candle has already been downloaded almost 30,000 times worldwide in MT4, it is only now getting a certain amount of attention thanks to its implementation in ATAS. With the publication in MT4, MT5 and ATAS, the majority of all market participants get the chance to work with it. Of course there are still many platforms that don't work with the Bionic candle, but please note that I don't make any money with it and my time is limited. At the same time, the bionic candle is protected by copyright, so it may not be copied or reproduced. Of course, using two platforms is annoying, but if you achieve a higher chance of winning as a result, you are happy to accept this circumstance. For example, if you want to work with the popular note app GoodNotes, you need IOS, this is not possible on Windows. I hope that answers some questions. I wish you continued success in trading. Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #843 ---
What about this, Michael? Could be traded or I miss something?

Of course it's made from history, I'm not sure how could I trade it otherwise.

Thank You!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since I believe these ones are wrong... :/
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

SF

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Hello Georg

Here's a solution

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Hello Michael,

Thanks a lot. Seems like if I could just find the equilibrium, I would get the key candle easily. That is very big info for me, what you just shared. Very happy. I'll try another time again in real time.

Have a nice day

George.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Hello Georg, it is not always related to an equilibrium, as you can see with the two blue arrows. But I'm glad if this helps you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #847 ---
The devil is in the details

Hello dear traders,

as the heading already reveals, the devil is in the details, we will deal with the essential content today; to be successful as a trader in the long term. The problem with this is that many fake trading coaches mislead us completely with their volume trading, footprint charts, COT data, and divergences. All this only costs you a lot of money unnecessarily and never brings you the hoped-for success. Today I'm going to show you a way to break even within 2-3 years, but of course this is just advice and not a request.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #848 ---
The bionic candle in trading

Hello dear traders,

in mid-February 2023, the Bionic Candle was published on the fastest stock exchange platform ATAS and made available by me free of charge. So far there has been an incredible amount of positive feedback and I would like to thank you very much for that. The Bionic candle is the latest candle and was developed by me in Germany from 2014 and made available to the first forex traders at Forex Factory free of charge in 2018. I am very proud that this new candle representation comes from Europe this time. So far the bionic candle has been downloaded almost 30,000 times and is only at the beginning of a great career. In today's post, we look at trading with the Bionic candle, and I'll show you 2 example trades that were planned in advance.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #849 ---
The bionic candle in trading

Hello dear traders,

in mid-February 2023, the Bionic Candle was published on the fastest stock exchange platform ATAS and made available by me free of charge. So far there has been an incredible amount of positive feedback and I would like to thank you very much for that. The Bionic candle is the latest candle and was developed by me in Germany from 2014 and made available to the first forex traders at Forex Factory free of charge in 2018. I am very proud that this new candle representation comes from Europe this time. So far the bionic candle has been downloaded almost 30,000 times and is only at the beginning of a great career. In today's post, we look at trading with the Bionic candle, and I'll show you 2 example trades that were planned in advance.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Legal fraud Spoofing

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we deal very intensively with the topic of spoofing, which every trader has heard of before. What is the advantage of spoofing and is it part of the accepted and legal fraud on the stock exchange? Why is spoofing used by the big players and what advantages do they derive from it. What exactly is the difference between pulling and stacking and to what extent can this information help us in trading? Is it possible to use spoofing information to predict a future price development and is this interesting in the area of profit probability. In this video we will try to find an answer to these questions, which may bring you important information.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Legal fraud Spoofing

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we deal very intensively with the topic of spoofing, which every trader has heard of before. What is the advantage of spoofing and is it part of the accepted and legal fraud on the stock exchange? Why is spoofing used by the big players and what advantages do they derive from it. What exactly is the difference between pulling and stacking and to what extent can this information help us in trading? Is it possible to use spoofing information to predict a future price development and is this interesting in the area of profit probability. In this video we will try to find an answer to these questions, which may bring you important information.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Hi people

Are there any futurestraders here in this forum who trade the bionickerze, for the purpose of exchanging ideas? My trading platform is Atas.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Fly with the eagle or…

Hello dear traders,

the quote, "Fly with the eagle or scratch with the chickens" is a metaphor often used in connection with personal success, goal achievement, and lifestyle. In our example, however, it is about either following the big players or orienting oneself to the retail traders. In today's post, we're going to look at why it's better to follow the big players and how we can overcome this challenge. It's very important to challenge yourself, take risks and work hard to achieve your goals, rather than going with the crowd and settling for average results. Before we start with the topic, I would like to say a few words in the video that are very important to me personally.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Fly with the eagle or…

Hello dear traders,

the quote, "Fly with the eagle or scratch with the chickens" is a metaphor often used in connection with personal success, goal achievement, and lifestyle. In our example, however, it is about either following the big players or orienting oneself to the retail traders. In today's post, we're going to look at why it's better to follow the big players and how we can overcome this challenge. It's very important to challenge yourself, take risks and work hard to achieve your goals, rather than going with the crowd and settling for average results. Before we start with the topic, I would like to say a few words in the video that are very important to me personally.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #855 ---
don't know if it's better to post here or in the other thread, but w/e,

i've a little question about zones and key candle.

In the example of 4 april around 17h (belgium time), i've seen this situation on m15, so i went on m1 to reduce the zone but i have a doubt,

would you pick the big candle or the yellow one ? I'm quite yet hesitant with the zones tracing rules.

Thank you and good week-end to all

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Dear Bionics! I wanted to ask you to update your volume indicator, please add MA to its settings, as in the screenshot. Or, if you do not have time for this, you can send the source code to your personal account, I will try to add MA myself.

I like your indicator, it's more accurate. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #857 ---
first of all,

Hello everyone

I am new here and want to get to more about bionics smart system, its very simle to understand and i have read and watch the 8 videos,and for my point of view i understanded way better then others. So thank you Micheal i am looking forward to learn and understand your idea

I am from South Africa, Turning 19 this year and willing to help my family and be succesful for a greater future.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Hello Wens, after my vacation with pleasure, send me your e-mail address on PM. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Thomas, here is a possible solution. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Hi Nate, first of all welcome to our thread. I am pleased that you have discovered the Bionic candle for yourself. It will definitely bring you many benefits in the future, but please note that you need the appropriate screen time for this. I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you continued success. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Thank you for the fast answer ! Not gonna lie, i think i'll never understand these zones ahaha

but w/e, if i can analyze properly all the other indicators and find the biggest, easiest zones, i guess it will be ok

I'll be back soon with questions, count on me =D

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Hi Michael! I sent you my email.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
I'm blown away by how strong your idea is, Bionic !

It looks perhaps simple, but i've added one thing, a simple delta and it becomes really amazing. So logical and easy to spot absorption when delta is opposite to the color of absorption

ex: 251 in green is the absorption
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since absorptions sometimes don't last long, i find it very useful to look at it on smaller TF since these short absorptions will not be visible on h1.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I feel that this concept is really the core of your method, so i'm really excited to share that with other who perhaps begin to read it because i think

i've unlocked a really powerful tool.

Btw, i've implemented in my set up your bid/ask power idea, the equilibrium and reversal column, the cumulative and non-cumulative columns too.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At this time, i'm missing 2 things : the tool to see retails trades directly on graph, i just get it in a column but i don't get how to put non-cumulative orders on the graph :/   The helpdesk didn't succeed to help me atm. If you have a tip to give, it'd be appreciated

The second is the spoofing personnalize ladder because i didn't find a proper documentation to code on ATAS plateform. There are just some basic things in the FAQ, but not a complete manual like for MT4 so my developer friend is quite annoyed. Could you tell me how you did to code these indicators ? Helpdesk sent you some documentations ? Or you've found it elsewhere ?

Good evening to all and don't surrend in front of the study of these ideas boyz, it 100% worths it !

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Algorithms, the antibiotics with resistance

Hello Thomas, I am pleased that you have made some progress with my information. The main core of my approach is not based on the algorithms, but primarily on 13 years of experience exclusively in EURUSD. You don't drive a car by looking at the speedometer, but with experience and sensitivity in certain situations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On my 5 trading screens there are about 90 different displays that analyze different situations. At first glance, this information seems to overwhelm a trader, but you have to imagine it like in an airplane cockpit. Different instruments are important for take-off than for flight, landing or when standing at the gateway. For me it is crucial to know what phase the market is in at the moment. Are the big players collecting, buying they more, dropping out or pushing the price in profit? This forecast can only be realized with a high hit rate through many years of experience. And that is precisely the crucial starting point, where the algorithms then become interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course there are patterns within the spoofing, from which clear future price developments can be derived. But it depends on which market phase the big players are currently in. In spoofing there is pulling, stacking and an equilibrium. These three different aggregate states can take place in limit buy orders as well as in limit sell orders. This results in nine different situations. If limit sell orders are added on the ask side and at the same time limit buy orders are massively withdrawn on the bid side, everyone would suspect that the price is going down. However, if the big player is in a dollar accumulation phase, the price will run up to accommodate the stopped out short traders' market buy orders with the limit sell orders. That means spoofing is always dependent on the current market situation. You can compare that to a goalkeeper. If he doesn't see where the ball is coming from, he can't react accordingly.

You focus too, very much on individual representations and advertisements. But this information is of no use to you if you don't know what the big players are up to. You write that you are still missing two things, once you have found these tools for yourself, you will find that you will not get any further with them either. In the last four years I have spent more than 12,000 hours intensively dealing with the algorithms and my trading screen has changed weekly. The background is that the big players in the field of algorithms are still in their infancy and are therefore regularly adapted and changed. This means that the algorithms you have identified may work today, but tomorrow they may look completely different.

The use of algorithms can be compared to antibiotics. Every use of antibiotics promotes the development of resistance. Sensitive bacteria are killed, but the resistant ones survive and continue to multiply. This means that every algorithm will eventually be thwarted by other algorithms. As a result, a so-called arms race is taking place in this area. The insights that we consider efficient today will no longer be worth anything tomorrow. You've probably noticed that the big players place a strong limit order in the market in certain situations. Everyone thinks that the price will fail on this order and will go in the opposite direction. Either the price does not go to this strong limit order at all or it is even broken through strongly. Likewise, there are algorithms that are just a distraction to obscure the actual intention.

Another point is that although ATAS is the fastest retailer software on the market, it is not yet professionally designed for algorithm profiling. For this reason I have upgraded my workstation extremely, there will be a video about it after my vacation. Basically, the algorithms have the advantage over the price, volume or indicators that they show clear patterns. But these patterns must also be deciphered beforehand in order to gain a sustainable trading advantage. We'll talk more about that in the coming months.

I wish you continued success in trading.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Thank you for the long answer,

i know you've already begon to broach this topic in some posts, but it would be nice if in the future you come back on these concepts,

to better grasp "the big picture", since there are really important concepts, it will not be too much to talk one more time about them

(because atm, i'm really more overwhelmed by them than the algo honestly)

there are no shortcuts to avoid screentime but if we can avoid some beginners trap and money losing, i don't say no

will look with attention your next videos,

have a good day all, guys !

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Thanks very much. First of all I enjoy my vacation and then it goes on. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Trading infernal machine

Hello dear traders

After a few weeks break, I'm back today with a short post. First of all I would like to thank you for the many positive statements from you, I was very happy about that. In the last few weeks I had some time again to deal more intensively with the big player algorithms. I was able to test new settings to get even deeper into the eye of the tornado. In doing so, I realized how important it is to track down new algorithms, since the markets are changing every day. Today we're going to talk about AMD's new AM5 processor and how it affects trading.

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed for you guys

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Trading infernal machine

Hello dear traders,

After a few weeks break, I'm back today with a short post. First of all I would like to thank you for the many positive statements from you, I was very happy about that. In the last few weeks I had some time again to deal more intensively with the big player algorithms. I was able to test new settings to get even deeper into the eye of the tornado. In doing so, I realized how important it is to track down new algorithms, since the markets are changing every day. Today we're going to talk about AMD's new AM5 processor and how it affects trading. In addition, I cordially invite you to participate in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Which PC for trading

Hello dear traders,

whether you need a PC to cut films for office work or for gaming, you can find extensive information on the internet. When trading, however, it looks completely different because there is hardly any useful information here. In today's post, I'll show you what you need to pay attention to in order to put together an optimal trading PC for you. I am convinced that you will find some ideas here that will help you in your daily trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hi Michael.

Thank you for your hard work, your knowledge and wisdom are just beyond

it's just open a new horizon for PA in my opinion of course. Im posting this chart out of curiosity.

So i reverse the color-coded bionic, and find something intriguing i guess. if i reverse it, it's almost the same with the actual normal candle. And when there's a movement that hit a zone/key candle (in a bearish manner), there's another question pop up. Why the market wanna to trap me with sideway breakout? that make me thinking (it will be a reversal in bear trend, then i have to buy), yet market dropping the price.

What's your opinon on this?

EU H1, Jan 22

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Hello 313, the normally red color in a bullish candlestick represents a bearish pullback and the normally green color in a bearish candlestick represents a bullish pullback. These pullbacks primarily only show me how strong the respective candle is and the stronger this pullback, the more likely a trend reversal is. Crucial are the key candles described in my videos that show a future trend change. Basically every trader has different perceptions in trading. The advantage of the bionicandles are the different possibilities of color adjustment. If you get along better with the perception you describe, that's definitely a win. I keep my fingers crossed for you, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Which PC for trading

Hello dear traders,

whether you need a PC to cut films for office work or for gaming, you can find extensive information on the internet. When trading, however, it looks completely different because there is hardly any useful information here. In today's post, I'll show you what you need to pay attention to in order to put together an optimal trading PC for you. I am convinced that you will find some ideas here that will help you in your daily trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Big player takes high risks

Hello dear traders,

since we retailers are not able to move the markets, we have to let the big players take us in the right direction. But for that we need in-depth information on how the big players work and how they proceed. In today's post, we're going to look at how Goldman Sachs works and derive interesting insights that we can apply to trading. In the last year in particular, Goldman made a number of mistakes that will make our trading lives easier in the future. In today's article we will discuss which mistakes these were in detail and which advantages we can derive from them.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Big player takes high risks

Hello dear traders,

since we retailers are not able to move the markets, we have to let the big players take us in the right direction. But for that we need in-depth information on how the big players work and how they proceed. In today's post, we're going to look at how Goldman Sachs works and derive interesting insights that we can apply to trading. In the last year in particular, Goldman made a number of mistakes that will make our trading lives easier in the future. In today's article we will discuss which mistakes these were in detail and which advantages we can derive from them.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #877 ---
The Big Trading Lie

Hello dear traders,

as the title suggests, today we are going to look at the biggest trading lies. Among other things, these lies have contributed to the fact that you have not yet become profitable and may have already lost some €10,000. In this video we will discuss how you can still achieve your goal.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #878 ---
The Big Trading Lie

Hello dear traders,

as the title suggests, today we are going to look at the biggest trading lies. Among other things, these lies have contributed to the fact that you have not yet become profitable and may have already lost some €10,000. In this video we will discuss how you can still achieve your goal.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Advantage as a retailer

Hello dear traders,

Hello dear algorithmic traders, most traders have been in a loser spree for many years because they believe that the stock exchange business is very easy or have been fooled by social networks that you can get rich quickly with it. Although the big players are so vastly superior to us, there are still some advantages that the big players even envy us. And if we use these advantages, we can increase our probability of winning significantly. That's exactly what we're going to talk about today.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Avoid these 13 mistakes

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we're going to talk about the most common mistakes that are responsible for 80-90% of retailers making losses in the long run. With a few small changes you are already able to reach your future breakeven point much faster and thus reduce losses at the same time. In principle, success on the stock market can only be achieved through empirical values. I would be happy if one or the other tip would help you to shorten the ordeal on the stock exchange.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Advantage as a retailer

Hello dear traders,

Hello dear algorithmic traders, most traders have been in a loser spree for many years because they believe that the stock exchange business is very easy or have been fooled by social networks that you can get rich quickly with it. Although the big players are so vastly superior to us, there are still some advantages that the big players even envy us. And if we use these advantages, we can increase our probability of winning significantly. That's exactly what we're going to talk about today.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hello Michael,

Could you give the precise moment of 1 or 2 good trades you had in the past weeks ?

(to precise the day and hour like "05.07.2023 17h12 gmt+2"   for example)

I'll not ask to you advices or explanations about it, you have already did this exercice before,

but I simply would like to analyze for myself with market replay tool,

if i could enter these trades with my present strategy.

Thank you and have a good week guys.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Market Replay

Hello Thomas,

I don't have extremely good or bad trades as they are all very close together. The decisive point for me is the pip value per minute and the net RRR. Here you have 10 trades that, with the right settings, show interesting information in the market replay.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I keep my fingers crossed for you.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #884 ---
That's perfect, thank you, i'll study that with attention

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Avoid these 22 mistakes

Hello dear traders,

In my last video we talked about 13 mistakes that keep a trader from succeeding. But there are another 22 mistakes that can screw up a trader's balance sheet. In today's post we will uncover these mistakes in order to achieve our goals even faster.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #886 ---
I like your bionic candle idea. Good job.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Dear Michael,

I've being reading this thread, and you have very interesting ideas. I Will definately give bionic a try. You can really be proud of being the author of the first European made candle setup.

One thing I want to ask you after watching your videos about getting to breakeven after 10K trades, and then 5k more to get profitable and making a living.

Do you think it's possible to reach the Make a living part without the tools available in the future markets like volume, order book etc? In Forex we basically have price and time, and That's It. Is this enough to Make It, even with the bionic chart? With the RR you propose for scalping, we need to have a high win rate, if we want to cover trading expenses, 50% is not enough. Can we achieve a 60-70% win rate with just time and price bionic charts?

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Hello zkchyo, thank you very much. But it is much more important that you can derive advantages for yourself from it in order to achieve your goals faster. I wish you every success. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Are volume data crucial?

Hello avaried,

Thank you for your compliment and your comments. Your question is very interesting and extremely exciting.

First of all, more than 10 years ago, without futures data, I managed to break even after about 10,000 trades and a cumulative loss of 1350 euros. And this despite the fact that there is no volume data in the forex market. I also didn't have any bionic candles at the time because I hadn't invented them yet. I had massive problems extracting useful information from the normal candle chart. So I marked the strong candles (Close = High & Close = Low) to get important information. Even though I broke even, a big breakthrough came with the Bionic Candle. The largest part, however, consists of knowing how the big players act and proceed. When I started identifying the algorithms 5 years ago, it initially took me 1 year to achieve better win rates. From my experience it is absolutely possible to achieve a win rate of 60-65% with an RRR of 1.5-2 even without future data. Win rates of over 65% (RRR 1.5-2) are much easier to achieve with the identification of algorithms if you have previously invested a few thousand hours to find the correct settings. For me, the identification of the algorithms using the future data is a very high level of security in trading, as I can look deeper into the eye of the tornado. The combination of the Bionickerze, my tones, the pip value per minute with the knowledge of how the big players act and my specially developed trading algorithms is a kind of safety net for me as a tightrope artist. In addition, there is a very strategic money management that leaves little room for maneuver. In principle, these are tough rules that I have imposed on myself over many years and that I have to comply with 100%. Successful trading is mathematical juggling with probabilities and those who implement this strategically can make a good living from it.

I keep my fingers crossed for you in the trade and wish you every success.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Thanks Michael for taking your time for answering. So just so that we're all in the same Page, is this thread exclusively for the bionic chart? Or are you planning Also on sharing your tools that will let us "look deeper into the eye of the tornado" and make the 65% win rates "easier to achieve"?

Best regards..

--- 帖子 #891 ---
The individual tools that I have developed in the futures market do not help a trader. You have to think of trading like preparing a meal. The ingredients must be in a specific dosage and chronology to get the correct result. A great tasting sauce alone is not enough to conjure up a star menu. I think most people have to break even first and I didn't need bionic candles or future data for that. The secret lies in understanding how the big players operate. Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #892 ---
OK Michael! I'm hooked!, so if I'm welcomed, I would like to participate in this project and try to make it successfull.

I've been watching your tutorials about Bionic charts for about 10 days now, so how about I take a sample of 50 trades using them on a 1 minute chart? I want to record all 50 trades and publish a video (hidden video, so there is no monetization involved) Then you could check the video, and give your feedback about the trades taken. I think this will be very instructive for FF traders trying to use this tool.

let me know what you think and I will get to it.

One thing I would like to add about how Big players operate. In your trade examples, you use Sort of a pullback strategy, where you enter a trade when price reaches a previous "key candle" level. What I've noticed is that big impulsive moves, many times begin with a grab of liquidity or "stop hunting'. With a pullback strategy, many times there is no liquidity grab. Have you ever considered that a good confluence might be if price consolidates near a key candle level, and later It reaches the key level and at the same time is hunting the stops above the consolidation.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Hello averied, first of all, I would be happy if you would like to take part in the project and if you are willing to get involved. However, I find it too early to record a video at this stage. Firstly, you have no experience with the Bionic Candle and secondly, I unfortunately do not have the time to analyze 50 trades, as I am a full-time trader.

Basically, I only enter into a trade if a bionic zone drawn by me is touched and at the same time the evaluated algorithms in the future market give the green light. If the big players push the price in the profit direction after a completed collection action (e.g. accumulation), this is usually done with the help of stops. The additional euros acquired to drive the price into the first retail stops must then be sold in the form of market sell orders. The background is that these market buy orders are financially inefficient, since the euro has already been collected with limit buy orders at a lower price level. Therefore, there is a short-term pullback where the inefficient market buy orders are dissolved. In this sell-off phase, new short traders enter the market, who then help to drive the market up further with their stops. However, things don't always go so smoothly, which is why the big players always have to react to the retailers who are currently entering the market.

If more long traders come in during this phase, they have to be brought out first and at the same time new short traders have to be attracted. Only then does the movement continue upwards. For this reason, it is crucial for me to also keep an eye on the orders from the retailers. The big players are ice-cold entrepreneurs and act according to either the minimum or maximum principle. Of course, not all trades in EURUSD are profit oriented, but the majority are. If the Deutsche Bank has once again collected 800,000 lots with the help of limit sell orders and all the news is that the dollar is stronger, no one needs to wonder why the price is rising and not falling. And that's understandable, because after all, the market makes the news and not the other way around. When a big player collects the euro, it goes up and when it collects the dollar, it goes down. It's as simple as that.

Investors usually invest in the currency with the better interest rate. The key interest rates in the USA have been higher than in Europe for 1 year, but the EURUSD rate has been going up for 1 year. Because of this, we retailers need to pay more attention to what the big players collect and not what the news tells us. Unfortunately, since many retailers have an employee relationship, they also lack the entrepreneurial foundations that the big players follow. This is exactly why trading is one of the greatest challenges of our time. These statements are based solely on my personal opinion and I make no claim to be right. I wish you a successful week. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Helping people help themselves

Hello dear Krakof,

I don't usually have time to analyze trades closely because firstly I only trade in EURUSD because it is over 100 times larger than Nasdaq and the Bionic candle works best in EURUSD. However, you've been very involved here over the last few months, so I'm happy to make an exception. First of all, thank you for sharing your trade with us. I'm not at all familiar with the pip values in the Nasdaq, but I would like to write you my opinion about it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You have completed a winning trade, which is positive for now. What I don't understand is why you're entering the market just before a new high when you've plotted a resistance zone yourself at 15342. That's where the price went back and then back up.

You entered at around 16:50 CET at 15434 and exited the trade at 18:40 CET at 15504. The price retraced to 15360 and you were not stopped out, so your stop must have been at least below the last low around 15342. That's 92 points to stop and 70 points to TP. Your gross RRR is 0.76 without spread. So you need at least a 63% win rate to break even in the long run. You traded for 170 minutes and scored 0.41 points per minute. I find it dramatic that you were in the red for about 50% of your trading time.

If you had started at point A (the zone you drew yourself) you would have scored 92 points within 20 minutes, that's 4.6 points per minute and would have been 10 times more efficient. You would have been minus a maximum of 1 minute. Your gross RRR would then be 5, so you could reduce your win ratio to 23% in order to break even in the long term. In addition, there were two other ways (point B & C) to complete an efficient trade. Although you made a profit, your risk was 10 times higher than if you had waited for the pullback and entered at point A in your self-drawn zone. From my point of view, you draw the bionic zones, but you don't use them effectively.

I hope I've been able to be honest enough to offer this criticism, this was meant as a help only and not an attack.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you every success.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Espero haber sido lo suficientemente honesto para ofrecer esta crítica, esto solo fue una ayuda y no un ataque. Mantengo mis dedos cruzados por ti y te deseo mucho éxito. Saludos, Michael[/quote] Espero haber sido lo suficientemente honesto para ofrecer esta crítica, esto solo fue una ayuda y no un ataque. Mantengo mis dedos cruzados por ti y te deseo mucho éxito. Saludos, Michael[/quote]

Dear Bionica, indeed you are absolutely right. I entered the operation for fear of losing the entry, and it is true that my stop loss was located very low as you say. I think I'm learning to draw the levels, but sometimes I'm not faithful to the system and I have to correct the error. I don't take it as an attack, but as a very valuable constructive criticism.

Thank you for your great work on the bionic candles, as they help me to see the market better.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Hello Krakof, I basically recommend a trader who has not yet reached his breakeven point to only trade currency pairs, as there the number of bearish and bullish movements are balanced. It is best to focus on the top 6 currency pairs that reach at least $500 billion in daily turnover. This is how you trade in the markets where the biggest big players in the world are. The bionic candle works best in EURUSD because liquidity is very high there. All the best for the future. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Avoid these 13 mistakes

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we're going to talk about the most common mistakes that are responsible for 80-90% of retailers making losses in the long run. With a few small changes you are already able to reach your future breakeven point much faster and thus reduce losses at the same time. In principle, success on the stock market can only be achieved through empirical values. I would be happy if one or the other tip would help you to shorten the ordeal on the stock exchange.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Profitable without a coach

Hello dear traders,

in the last two videos we talked about the biggest mistakes that can break a trader's neck while keeping them from breaking even. With the problem-solution-happiness approach, we are able to improve our future situation. Today we're going to talk about how we can avoid these mistakes first and in the next video I'll show you the concrete steps you have to take to achieve the greatest possible success with the least effort.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Avoid these 22 mistakes

Hello dear traders,

In my last video we talked about 13 mistakes that keep a trader from succeeding. But there are another 22 mistakes that can screw up a trader's balance sheet. In today's post we will uncover these mistakes in order to achieve our goals even faster.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hello Michael, hello everyone,

This is my very first post on this forum, and I wanted to thank you for sharing your knowledge with us. I only created this account to interact here, and even though it took me a while because I didn't want to get too excited too quickly, I think that today I can share a bit of my experience (even if I wouldn't have much to share to improve it, being a beginner myself).

I'd been looking for trading strategies for two years, and it was in January that I came across your topic, as well as the one on Equilibrium (on which I've read over 80 pages). I've also watched most of your videos.

In June, after several backtests and trials with a demo account, I decided it was time to reread and rewatch everything, A SECOND TIME. Which I did...

And it's now been several days since I went back to trading on a demo account.

I've got lots of screenshots of my past trades, and of areas I've drawn. But as I've decided to write this first post now, I'm only going to share what I've done today (still on a demo account).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Most of the zones have been reduced by switching to the 1mn chart (I haven't yet tried to access the tick chart, for the moment I'm concentrating on the basics).

A. First trade, I always try to have a minimum of RR1:3, but here I thought the zone above would reject the price, it turned out not to be.

I tried to switch to shorts here, so it's a losing trade.

B. I long again from the same zone, but even going back in time, I'm not sure where the price is going to stop. The previous Key Candle is hard to find, so I aim for my RR 1:3 and it works.

C. This time I aim for D with my long, and it's a winning trade. I switch to short immediately.

E. The price is violently rejected, I was aiming for the F zone. It's a winner again.

F. I had a pending order buy. And it was the right decision, but the spread stopped me out. A shame.

G. The previous Key Candle is huge, even on the 1mn chart it's complicated, but I'm trying a G entry.

H. On the 15mn chart, I was aiming for the H zone with my trade bought in G, where I was also expecting a short trade, but the price won't reach it. I think I had a hard time finding the Key Candle here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Back to the 5mn chart

I. I'm not sure why I drew this zone, it's wrong.

J. The real new zone is normally here, so you can see the Key Candle on the left with the check mark that came out of the previous one. But I didn't take any shorts. I thought the price might come in zone I.

After that, I told myself that it was a good day and that I'd stop, but I'd keep on tracing the zones out of sheer curiosity.

L. I still tried to short in L, and got stopped out. I tried a second time after the price came back into the zone, and it was a winner.

So here we are, 6 winners to 3 losers.

Minimum RR: 1:2.05 (With trade G, because i thought it will go to H)

Maximum RR: 1:5.23 (With trade E)

I don’t necessarily share all this to get a review, I think you don’t have time, if we all did that you would certainly open a school.

I am sharing this day to express my gratitude for what I have learned from you, and so that the readers of this topic can see a little what we can do, even being a beginner like me, with Equilibrum, Key Candles, and Bionics Candles.

However, I do have a question.

It is sometimes very easy to switch to a smaller timeframe to reduce the area of a Key Candle. And sometimes I’m not sure which Candle is the right one.

I did not mention Zone K before because my question is about it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I don’t remember exactly where you talked about this, certainly in the videos on the tick charts, but in this case, we take the candle that has the least pullback? Or the tallest? Or a mix of both? I find it strange to take the one that is the lowest (first arrow), because technically it does not break the previous zone.

But if for example the lowest is the largest and the one that suffered the least pullback, is it viable?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another example, going back to the chart 5mn, we can see that to the right of the zone K, after the formation of a beautiful Equilibrium, A huge bullish Key Candle is heading straight for Zone L. It will not have served much for the future but if we wanted to reduce the area here too, what candle would we take?

I would say the one at the bottom, because it is the largest to have not suffered any pullback.

But I’m not sure.

That said, thank you again Michael, I look forward to discovering even more knowledge about all this.

Sincerely, Kalalams... Kal... Kakalem... (I can’t even pronounce my own nickname, I don’t remember why I wrote this)

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Concrete steps to success

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks we have analyzed 36 different trading challenges that can cause us massive problems in the long run. In my last video, we already discussed some solutions that we will now specify in the next 4 videos. In today's post I will show you how to find a good provider, how to improve your ping values, how to find your optimal broker and get helpful indicators that you can download for free from my blog at Forex Factory. This enables you to reach your goals even faster without having to hire an expensive trading coach.

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post14551366

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Successful with the Bionic candle

Hello Kalamelelasm,

first of all I am very happy that the bionic candle is helping you. Although trading cannot give any guarantees, many traders still seek security. Indicators give a supposed security and show when you should go short or long. But these security are only an excuse because the trader is afraid to make a clear decision. The Bionic Candle is also just a help to identify the possible invisible price zones of the big players. It is much more important to recognize what is currently happening in the market and in which phase the current leader (largest big player) is. From this you can then derive future actions that increase your probabilities. This has nothing to do with indicators, but is the 7th sense same by driving a car. Let's get to your evaluation. With an average stop of 5 pips, 6 winners and 3 losers (with an average RR of 1:3) achieve a total of 90 pips in profit and 15 pips in loss. The win rate is 66% and corresponds to an expected value of 8.33 pips per trade. With one lot, that's already €83 per trade. In 10 hours, that's an average hourly wage of €75. Overall a nice result, but the bionic candle is not a holy grail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There are different ways to identify the key candles, and even I, as a developer of the Bionic candle, make some mistakes when looking for the right key candle. This is simply because there are many big players in EURUSD and no retailer is able to tell them apart. In addition, I use the Future Daten algorithms as a second opinion. First, I draw the key zones on my chart and scale them down from the H1 to the tick chart. As soon as the price enters my drawn zone, I use the future data to decide whether to trade or not. Even if I've drawn a wrong zone, the futures data keeps me from entering a trade. A little tip: Go back 1 or 2 years in EURUSD and start drawing zones. Then you scroll into the future and see how the price reacts to your zones. If you're wrong, go back in time and find the right key candle. This is how you learn most effectively.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you continued success.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Hello guys, would like to share with you an interesting trade i've seen during my investigations.

An accumulation of a big fish happened around 17h the 1st august and we have clear ways to profit of it.

We were at this last red line. Blue zone are bionic zones
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sometimes as here, you can see super easily when the big fish arrives ( don't look all the green and red lines of limit orders on heatmap it's a bug since

the updates of ATAS 2 months ago, it's so annoying, they litteraly downgrade the heatmap, i'm so pissed -_- )  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

He bought for around 3000 lots, but it was an accumulation phase. What was really interesting is that his bot is not the most discreet one,

the bot is simply buying 60 lots every 3 seconds. Left column is non cumulative orders, you can see he never put more than 20 lots by non-cumulative trade.

You can see that below (yeah i know, red on red is not easy to read, but i don't find the right colors to use atm ahah)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So, for this kind of scenario we can just , looking the time and sales, wait the bot stops to work to find entry (and respecting your own other rules of course).

As a visual confirmation of this, the delta bars make a good job.( delta are btw really great to find equilibrium)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and so, as expected here the result
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Last thing i would like to show you, i know Michael doesn't trust imbalances, but i think there is a way to use them. If you take only one price level

of imbalance it's quite useless, i agree, but i find it useful when we're using "stack imbalances" which means several price level in a row showing imbalances (you can learn on ATAS articles what is imbalances). So look below, on my market profile/ TPO chart, the beige lines are stacked imbalances, and pink are the most important ones. (sorry if it's messy with all the market profile things, i don't even use it honestly, only looking vpoc sometimes).

The third arrow is where the trade goes on ; you can see we have imbalances at this place and we had already it 2times earlier inn the day. So we estimate it's probably a good resistance zone.

If you look closely, the stacked imbalanced are often working nicely and we can use them as S/R. Of course, it's not always right but i'm using it just as an additional filter (but i have a ton of others).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That's all for me for now ,it's just one kind of setup but i hope it can help some of you because there are concepts you can use in every trade.

Don't hesitate to share your trades, etc. i think it's motivating for all of us in the thread !

(and if Michael doesn't want, he will tell us

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My entry is going smoothly

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Cracóf could give the indicators and the template?

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Hello Moren, you can find the indicators on my main page under Forum Attachments. You can also find further indicators on my German blog. Information about this can be found in my new video. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Graças Miguel

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Hello Michael, i have a question for you about interpretation of a market situation. I have now the setup i wanted but i still lack a good understanding of big fish's behaviours.

the 07 august 15h33,  i've seen a big 463 cumulative market buy and just after, 2 non cumul 384 market sell. After that, the price dropped.

I think the accumulation phase was from 15:18 to 15:22. I guess the 384 non cumul is just his exit but what's the point of

the 463 aggressive buy before ? I've "guessed" a reversal was probably coming but I don't understand the process and idea of the trade in his globality atm ... :/

Hope you'll have some leads to make me understand the logic behind these plays from big fish.

Thanks and Have a good evening

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

(non cumulative below)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Thomas, basically a market assessment is always speculative because nobody knows what is actually going on in the market. When you observed the accumulation phase, it could have been a currency exchange. The executing bank that carried out the currency exchange exchanged the dollar for the euro. This is an exit from the dollar that was completed with a limit buy order. A partner bank helped by using massive market sell orders to buy into the limit buy order of the executing bank. The executing bank was able to carry out its currency exchange quickly and the partner bank collected the dollar within seconds. Afterwards, a small equilibrium arose and on August 8th the price was pushed down slightly. Because massive short traders entered the market during the night, the price was pushed up again and then ran 83 pips down, where the partner bank was able to exit the dollar. One can clearly see that on the evening of August 7th the dollar continued to be collected from the big player within the equilibrium. Whether this actually happened is of course very difficult to answer and is just pure speculation. PS: From the looks of it, there appears to have been further currency exchanges on August 7th. I'll keep my fingers crossed for you. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Concrete steps to success

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks we have analyzed 36 different trading challenges that can cause us massive problems in the long run. In my last video, we already discussed some solutions that we will now specify in the next 4 videos. In today's post I will show you how to find a good provider, how to improve your ping values, how to find your optimal broker and get helpful indicators that you can download for free from my blog at Forex Factory. This enables you to reach your goals even faster without having to hire an expensive trading coach.

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post14551366

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Final steps to success

Hello dear traders,

in today's video you get my trading chart with an invisible stoploss and we talk about the crucial tick chart. In addition, today you will receive exclusive tones for the forex market and a volume indicator for the forex market that I developed, which comes very close to the futures market. In addition, you will receive a DoM specially created by me for the ATAS trading software for the future market. Of course, you can also download all of this data for free from my German blog afterwards.

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post14588651

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Txs for the answer, it gives some interesting food for thought

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Hello Thomas, you can find a video from me on this topic here. Kind regards, Michael

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #922 ---
More steps to success

Hello dear traders,

in my last video concrete steps to success, I gave you some tips on how to optimize your internet speed and ping values. In addition, we talked about an efficient workplace and the task was to select five different brokers from the Internet, open a demo account there and analyze the individual brokers with the spread indicator I provided. In today's video I will show you how you can find the optimal broker with your evaluated data and you will also receive a very interesting Excel spreadsheet and three helpful charts in the form of MT4 templates that you can download for free from my German blog at Forex Factory .

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post14569583

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #923 ---
On the way to breakeven

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks we have talked very intensively about a clear approach and I have provided you with concrete templates from the Forex and Futures market, which you could download from my blog at Forex Factory. In today's article we'll talk about which future data is interesting and how you can even get stock market software for free. You will also receive further important information about the future market in my PDF file.

Inserted Video

Here is the information on how to get free stock market software

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post14608283

I wish you much success

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Final steps to success

Hello dear traders,

in today's video you get my trading chart with an invisible stoploss and we talk about the crucial tick chart. In addition, today you will receive exclusive tones for the forex market and a volume indicator for the forex market that I developed, which comes very close to the futures market. In addition, you will receive a DoM specially created by me for the ATAS trading software for the future market. Of course, you can also download all of this data for free from my German blog afterwards.

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post14588651

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #925 ---
On the way to breakeven

Hello dear traders,

in the last few weeks we have talked very intensively about a clear approach, and I have provided you with concrete templates from the Forex and futures market, which you could download from my blog at Forex Factory. In today's article we'll talk about which future data is interesting and how you can even get stock market software for free.

Inserted Video

Here is the information on how to get a free stock market software

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post14608283

If you can't get into the secured area, watch this video first

Inserted Video

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #926 ---
My market strategy

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we'll talk about my market strategy and what information I use to make my trading decisions. I'll also show you a market analysis that doesn't exist yet. This makes it even possible to see where the market is going for a few seconds in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Do you have an English version, sir?

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Hello zkchyo, yes of course it will be published this week. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Thx sir!

--- 帖子 #930 ---
My market strategy

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we'll talk about my market strategy and what information I use to make my trading decisions. I'll also show you a market analysis that doesn't exist yet. This makes it even possible to see where the market is going, for a few seconds in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Hello Michael, thank you for the formula and the idea of indicator.

I'm currently working on the code of Dom Power, who gives some interesting informations,

which sometimes predict the future some seconds before a move ! That's great to observe

but it is quite bugged unfortunately,

if you test it several times  in market replay, the indicator gives different numbers :/ .

ATAS has difficulties to give to grab fast datas from the DOM it seems.

(i have the problem with the indicator from ATAS and our own code)

have you worked around these DOM datas ? Have you find some solutions about this kind of problems ?

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Hello thomas, I work with different stock market software programs and so far I haven't had any problems. Maybe this is due to my 1000 Mbit/s data line with a 4ms ping and very fast hardware. If you have problems with ATAS, I recommend you contact English-speaking support or ask ATAS API developers. (https://t.me/+Afb9R7MEDqY3MDUy) They should be able to help you. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Tricks of the big players

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we'll talk about a particularly nasty trick the big players use to ensure that you automatically take on a higher risk than you were originally prepared to invest. Of course, we will also talk about how you can reduce these risks in the future. This has happened to each of us. We get into a trade and suddenly realize we've been executed much later, or we get stopped out and wonder why we lost three times as much as our stop was originally set. This wasn't a billing error on the part of our broker, but rather a tough calculation by the big players. Let’s look at some examples.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend and good luck in trading next week.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Trading software the great unknown in trading

Hello dear traders,

in order to trade you basically don't need much, a computer or smartphone, internet access, a broker and trading software. But opinions differ here because trading depends exclusively on probabilities. These days it's all about milliseconds and for this reason the ping times of the internet line play a very important role. Since smartphones or iPads achieve disastrous ping times, a professional trader should only work with a computer connected to the Internet via a LAN cable. In addition, the hardware of the computer should be coordinated with the stock exchange software used in order to avoid any surprises in periods of high volatility. Another important aspect is the broker, who can earn up to half of your income depending on your trading strategy. We talked about this in great detail in my last videos. Since a broker's total fees are rarely presented transparently, you can use my published tools to compare fees efficiently. The right trading software is also crucial for your future success.

The trading software forms the interface between your trading computer and the broker. This allows you to transmit orders, open or close positions, analyze charts and track historical price trends. If you already trade CFDs through a broker, you probably already have experience with MT4, MT5 or the broker's in-house trading platforms.

Trading in the browser means that you don't have to download and install any programs in advance. You log in to the broker's website and can start trading immediately on their website. The big advantage is that this works on all operating systems. The disadvantage: As a rule, the software does not work as quickly and reliably as a downloaded application. Crashes can occasionally occur, especially with Flash and Java based applications. You can download different forms of trading software for Windows, iOS or Linux, which are then permanently installed on your PC. My preferred variant is a desktop trading software for Windows, as the stock market software programs run very stable under Windows.

While trading software from the Forex market only provides limited price data, in the stock exchange market this is somewhat more extensive due to the volume data. Basically, you can use trading software from the stock market to analyze and trade financial instruments such as bonds, stocks, futures, foreign exchange and options. In today's article we want to focus exclusively on the future markets.

When I dealt with futures data, I researched for many months to find the best stock market software for me. I analyzed the following providers, among others, in alphabetical order:

ATAS, Bookmap, Jigsaw, Meta Trader 5, MultiCharts, Ninja Trader, Quantower, Sierrachart, TradingView and Volfix.

Basically, each of these providers has advantages and disadvantages, which I cannot go into in detail here due to the scope. Nevertheless, I would recommend that you analyze these ten providers in more detail in order to find the best one for you. As far as I know, almost all providers offer the option to test a free demo version. The problem is that every trader has different approaches to trading, which also places different requirements on stock exchange software. Looking at Trustpilot reviews, the ranking of the stock exchange software looks like this:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, this is not representative because the requirements are different. A father with 3 children would definitely give a Porsche 911 2 stars because he cannot transport the children with it. And that has nothing to do with the Porsche being a bad vehicle. So it always depends on the individual situation. In my opinion, the 10 providers are excellent stock market software, but they are not suitable for everyone. That's why you should do your own comparison.

Good stock market software translates the fast-moving data from the futures market into a graphical representation using charting and analysis tools, which should be changed to enable a trader to make more efficient trading decisions. The goal: to increase returns and minimize risks. Some traders prefer a simple interface to easily buy and sell futures. Others expect their broker to provide a professional trading platform with special trading tools for extensive analysis options. Good trading software not only creates the technical requirements for buying and selling futures, but also offers many other functions that make trading faster and more efficient - from the supply of price data to various chart displays and analysis options to the transmission of complex orders and Use of trading algorithms. As you know, I analyze the algorithms of the big players, for this I use ATAS, Quantower, RTD Excel and MT4, which incidentally only scores 1.7 points on Trustpilot. Nevertheless, this compilation is optimal for my approach to trading. This option can change at any time, as the market is constantly changing.

In the first eight years of my trading career, I focused exclusively on reaching my break-even point in the Forex market and then optimizing profits. Only when I couldn't get any further with it did I look into the future data in order to penetrate even deeper into the market. This decision was the right one because it significantly optimized my winning percentage. Nevertheless, I would like to emphasize again at this point that you do not need future data to reach your break-even point sustainably. That's why I recommend first breaking even with 0.01 lot and then building on that. This saves you a lot of money.

As we have already discussed, from a risk perspective, it makes more sense to trade in the Forex market while using futures data to make better trading decisions. English brokers tend to be leaders in CFDs and American brokers are leaders in futures. This is particularly noticeable in the prices. After the additional payment obligation for futures was banned in Germany, the leverage was reduced and the prices increased at the same time. Anyone who actually trades futures has significantly greater security with a German broker than in America. For those of you who just want to get the future data without actually making a trade, brokers in America are a much better choice.

With AMP Futures you get the data of all currency pairs via CQG from $13 per month. You can also use the stock market software from Quantower or Multi Charts for free. Simply enter “Free Multicharts” or “Free Quantower” into Google. After you have entered your name and email address, you can download the respective exchange platform. You will receive a four-week free demo account via AMP via your email address, which you can use to try out the respective platform. If the data actually helps you, you can still consider opening an account with AMP. However, you should have a command of the English language. Please note that this is the current status as of October 2023 and of course I do not know whether this offer will also be available in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At this point I would like to emphasize once again that I do not receive any commissions or agency fees for my recommendations. I am exclusively a trader and do not own a business. Before you open an account with AMP-Futures, I recommend that you open a demo account to first get a feel for the stock market data. You can get extensive information about Quantower or Multi Charts on YouTube. Furthermore, I would generally recommend that you obtain detailed information on the Internet before you decide on something. This will save you a lot of money in the long run.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you much success in trading.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Tricks of the big players

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we'll talk about a particularly nasty trick the big players use to ensure that you automatically take on a higher risk than you were originally prepared to invest. Of course, we will also talk about how you can reduce these risks in the future. This has happened to each of us. We get into a trade and suddenly realize we've been executed much later, or we get stopped out and wonder why we lost three times as much as our stop was originally set. This wasn't a billing error on the part of our broker, but rather a tough calculation by the big players. Let’s look at some examples.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend and good luck in trading next week.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Your indicator works so well with VSA Concepts.

Keep the good work, Im very impressed of the high amount of content shared on youtube.

Im studying it and watching everyday !

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Erfahrener Programmierer C#, C++, für gemeinsame Projektarbeit gesucht

Hallo liebe Trader,

ich bin seit 13 Jahren Trader und habe im Jahr 2018 bei Oracle zunächst den Certified Associate, dann den Certified Professional und schließlich den Certified Master in Java absolviert, um die Grundlagen von Indikatoren zu verstehen. In den letzten Jahren habe ich einige Indikatoren programmiert, die meine Arbeit als Trader unterstützen. Allerdings wurde mir schnell klar, dass ich meine Kreativität im Trading, leider nicht in effizienten Code umsetzen kann, da mir dafür die notwendige Erfahrung fehlt. Trader sowie Programmierer sind Künstler: nicht nur im Sinne von Können, sondern auch unter ästhetischen Gesichtspunkten. Obwohl ich für Java über 12.000 € und mehr als 4.000 Stunden aufgewendet habe, werde ich nie die Erfahrung erreichen, wie im Algorithmen Trading.

Vielleicht gibt es irgendwo da draußen einen Programmierer, bei dem es gerade umgekehrt ist. Er würde gerne im Trading weiterkommen, weiß aber nicht wie. Die Lösung liegt in einer gemeinsamen Projektarbeit, indem man die jeweiligen Stärken und Fähigkeiten miteinander verknüpft, um damit die Ziele schneller zu erreichen. Quit pro Quo, eine Hand wäscht die andere.

Allerdings wird das ausschließlich eine Projektarbeit mit maximal 2 Personen, alles andere ist für mich ineffizient.

Voraussetzungen:

Mindestalter 30 Jahre

Mindestens 10 Jahre Erfahrung in der Programmierung

Kommunikation in Deutsch

Grundlagen im Future Markt / Trading vorhanden

Wenn dir die weiterführenden Konzepte wie Generics, Interfaces, Exception-Handling, Delegat-Typen, Lambda-Expressions, LINQ, Laufzeit-Typinformationen und Reflektion, Vor- und selbstdefinierte Attribute, Multithreading, Task Parallel Library, Interoperabilität mit Fremdkomponenten und Memory-Management nicht unbekannt sind, ist das bereits eine gute Grundlage.

Optimal wäre es, wenn du aus Bayern oder Sachsen kommst.

Beachte bitte, dass eine gemeinsame Projektarbeit ausschließlich auf Vertrauen aufbaut, und das braucht seine Zeit. Du kannst mich gerne unter bionics bei GMX in Deutschland anschreiben. Dann können wir gerne miteinander kommunizieren.

Man braucht zwei Feuersteine, um ein Feuer zu entfachen.

Liebe Grüße Michael

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hello tadeuonbrand, I am happy that the Bionic candle can contribute to your success. The videos produced on YouTube are very diverse and often contain complex calculations to support my assumptions and present them more easily. I also translate all German videos for my English friends at Forex Factory. The effort is enormous, but I like doing it because I too have received many ideas from Forex Factory in the past. As we all know, one hand washes the other, so we can all move forward faster. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Erfahrener Programmierer C#, C++, für gemeinsame Projektarbeit gesucht

Hallo liebe Trader,

ich bin seit 13 Jahren Trader und habe im Jahr 2018 bei Oracle zunächst den Certified Associate, dann den Certified Professional und schließlich den Certified Master in Java absolviert, um die Grundlagen von Indikatoren zu verstehen. In den letzten Jahren habe ich einige Indikatoren programmiert, die meine Arbeit als Trader unterstützen. Allerdings wurde mir schnell klar, dass ich meine Kreativität im Trading, leider nicht in effizienten Code umsetzen kann, da mir dafür die notwendige Erfahrung fehlt. Trader sowie Programmierer sind Künstler: nicht nur im Sinne von Können, sondern auch unter ästhetischen Gesichtspunkten. Obwohl ich für Java über 12.000 € und mehr als 4.000 Stunden aufgewendet habe, werde ich nie die Erfahrung erreichen, wie im Algorithmen Trading.

Vielleicht gibt es irgendwo da draußen einen Programmierer, bei dem es gerade umgekehrt ist. Er würde gerne im Trading weiterkommen, weiß aber nicht wie. Die Lösung liegt in einer gemeinsamen Projektarbeit, indem man die jeweiligen Stärken und Fähigkeiten miteinander verknüpft, um damit die Ziele schneller zu erreichen. Quit pro Quo, eine Hand wäscht die andere.

Allerdings wird das ausschließlich eine Projektarbeit mit maximal 2 Personen, alles andere ist für mich ineffizient.

Voraussetzungen:

Mindestalter 30 Jahre

Mindestens 10 Jahre Erfahrung in der Programmierung

Kommunikation in Deutsch

Grundlagen im Future Markt / Trading vorhanden

Wenn dir die weiterführenden Konzepte wie Generics, Interfaces, Exception-Handling, Delegat-Typen, Lambda-Expressions, LINQ, Laufzeit-Typinformationen und Reflektion, Vor- und selbstdefinierte Attribute, Multithreading, Task Parallel Library, Interoperabilität mit Fremdkomponenten und Memory-Management nicht unbekannt sind, ist das bereits eine gute Grundlage.

Optimal wäre es, wenn du aus Bayern oder Sachsen kommst.

Beachte bitte, dass eine gemeinsame Projektarbeit ausschließlich auf Vertrauen aufbaut, und das braucht seine Zeit. Du kannst mich gerne unter bionics bei GMX in Deutschland anschreiben. Dann können wir gerne miteinander kommunizieren.

Man braucht zwei Feuersteine, um ein Feuer zu entfachen.

Liebe Grüße Michael

--- 帖子 #940 ---
The big lie in the DoM

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we look at the origin of all price movements, the spark plug that makes the engine run, so to speak. In the DoM there are up to 8 different market participants who represent different interests. Today we will discuss why the DoM sends us false information and why you lose more as a result. The video reveals some things you haven't seen before. Of course, we check somee solutions to reduce these losses. For this, we look at some examples.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success, in stores next week.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #941 ---
What really moves the market?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

traders repeatedly ask themselves what exactly moves the market. Is it the technical analysis, the fundamental analysis, the price, the DoM, the big players or ultimately even the retailers? First of all, the price in the DoM is created by the market sell order on the bid side running into the limit buy order or the market buy order on the ask side running into the limit sell order. But there must be reasons why a market or limit order is placed in the market. Fundamental analysis is a complex and time-consuming process in stocks. Investors who want to learn fundamental analysis must become familiar with various methods and metrics and be able to read balance sheets and annual reports. In principle, however, the following also applies to fundamental analysis: the future is traded on the stock market - and it cannot be reliably predicted on the basis of past data.

But what about currency pairs? Of course, the EURUSD also reacts to fundamental data such as key economic factors, interest rates, employment data, GDP, industrial and retail, CPI, credit, prices, monetary and political influences and commodity prices, but this is often not the case. Let's look at a few examples: The impact of monetary policy on interest rates is an important element in evaluating a currency. Tighter monetary policy is likely to imply higher interest rates, while loose monetary policy indicates lower interest rates. Higher interest rates offer investors an incentive to invest; money is invested where more interest rates are attractive. Of course, this also depends on the security of the respective country. Since the dollar and the euro are the two largest currencies represented on the stock exchange worldwide, we do not need to think about the security required of investors. Both the Euroland, which is supported by the USA within NATO, and the USA itself are safe countries for investments.

At the end of September 2022, interest rates in the dollar were significantly higher than the euro, which would normally have indicated that the dollar would continue to be strong, driving the price of EURUSD further downwards. Instead, parity was abandoned and the euro became stronger. Of course, there are always several economic factors to consider, but what is much more important is how investors react to them. When Apple published its best quarterly report many years ago, the price of the stock unexpectedly fell. Perhaps many investors believed that Apple would not achieve such performance in the next quarter.

No matter what clues the fundamentals give us, in the end it is always the investors who decide where the price goes. Additionally, we know that only the biggest big players influence the price in EURUSD. Unfortunately, however, they use the retailers' stops to get to their destination more cheaply. We talked about this in my last video, which will appear here in English next week. For example, if Deutsche Bank has collected 300,000 lots in EURUSD via limit buy orders, the fundamentals can point to a strong dollar 1,000 times, the price will go up because Deutsche Bank is an entrepreneur and has enough money to invest in the euro to bring profit. Of course, these big players usually know in advance how the fundamental data is developing and take this into account before the collection campaign. But there are also situations that cannot be predicted, such as September 11th. This means that no matter what the fundamentals predict, supply and demand will ultimately determine the price. Significant capital flows into and out of one currency, perhaps as a result of large transactions by major big players or managed portfolio shifts, can shift the exchange rate for the currency pair in favor of the currency with higher demand.

For this reason, for me, the biggest big players are ultimately the decisive price drivers. First, they know more than all of us put together, and second, they don't carelessly risk money that isn't even theirs. It's easier for me to follow a major big player than to evaluate all the fundamentals while predicting how investors will react. But that's just my personal opinion, which is, as always, fallible.

In order to make a correct forecast in EURUSD, you have to analyze exactly what the big players are currently collecting. To do this, they need retailers who take an opposite market position. If the retailers don't react the way the big players would like, they have to resort to their bag of tricks and manipulate the market with stophunting, fake breakouts or even take a small detour. Creating a price forecast for the next few weeks is like looking into the crystal ball, as you never know how 1 million retailers will react in the next few weeks. Therefore, it is actually impossible to make a 100% correct forecast. If you were to make a prediction, the probability would be 50%. And this has nothing to do with knowledge and everything to do with luck.

Currency strength is a very interesting tool for us retailers in Forex that does not exist in the futures market. It helps us to assess the different strengths of a currency in order to often make reliable trading decisions.

I'll continue to keep my fingers crossed for you in retail.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Hi Michael,

Do you have more information on the mechanics of sound analysis?

Best Regards

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hello cefe, on my main page from FF you will find an empty field under the Posts section. If you enter the term “sound” there, you will get a lot of information on the topic that I have published in my threads. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Hi Michael,

Thank you. Best Regards

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Hi Michael,

Does sound analysis in the futures market provides more information and is more effective than sound analysis on MT4 in forex market?

Best Regards

--- 帖子 #946 ---
The big lie in the DoM

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we look at the origin of all price movements, the spark plug that makes the engine run, so to speak. In the DoM there are up to 8 different market participants who represent different interests. Today we will discuss why the DoM sends us false information and why you lose more as a result. The video reveals some things you haven't seen before. Of course, we check somee solutions to reduce these losses. For this, we look at some examples.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success, in stores next week.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #947 ---
The fairy tale in the future market
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

As we know, there is significantly less information in the Forex market than in the futures or stocks markets. In addition to the well-known footprint charts, there is volume information, iceberg tracker, pulling and stacking as well as the DOM and the time and sales list. According to the trading coaches, this is unbeatable information that allows you to see exactly where the big players are, bringing incredible returns to every retailer. Provided that you book an inexpensive trading seminar worth €10,000.

Around 1 million traders worldwide trade in the futures and stock markets and 5 million in the foreign exchange market. This means 15% trade on the stock market and 85% trade in the foreign exchange market. Statements like the futures market is the largest market in the world, only professionals trade in the futures market or on the stock exchange it is fairer are statements that are aimed solely at badmouthing the Forex market. Let's take a quick look behind the scenes and see to what extent this future data is actually helpful.

In volume trading we can look at vertical or horizontal trading volume. Both representations are calculated by adding market sell and market buy orders. But interestingly, the market sell order has nothing to do with a market buy order because they never meet in the market. The trading coaches then like to say that this high volume shows that a battle has taken place between large market participants. This is also complete nonsense, as the big players rarely fight with each other.

First of all, the big players collect the contracts they need with limit orders and use the retailers' stops. A high volume indicates a possible collection campaign, but the crucial question is: What was collected in this sideways phase and very few coaches have an answer to that. According to the law of causality, volume is just another type of pattern that also only arises by chance. By the way, it might be interesting that the big players are not interested in the volume because they produce it themselves.

For a retail trader who has previously traded in the foreign exchange market, the many flashing lights and numbers within a footprintchart are of course a small sensation. The trading coach now says that you can use these numbers to see exactly what these big players are up to. And if you know what someone else is planning, you can of course position yourself accordingly. But these are also just random assumptions, since as we already know, a market sell order has nothing to do with a market buy order and they never meet in the market.

Imbalance is also a very popular topic. If there is a strong deviation in the orders between best ask and best bid, this imbalance can be made visible in the market. This imbalance should act like a strong resistance zone. Unfortunately, these zones only work 30% of the time. In addition, the spread is often more than one tick large, which means that the assignment of best ask and best bid is no longer correct.

Dom Trading is also said to be true miracles. Ultimately, limit orders are a glimpse into the future, as this is where market participants show their willingness to enter into a trade. But is that really true? Unfortunately not, because by pulling or stacking a market participant is able to delete this limit order or add more at any time.

In the Time and Sales list you can see exactly which market orders are coming in. These orders are true, but it is not possible to see with what intention this market order was placed. A market buy order can mean an entry into the euro or an exit from the dollar. Likewise, a market sell order can show an entry into the dollar or an exit from the euro. Furthermore, these market orders come randomly and unexpectedly just like pulling or stacking.

The so-called iceberg trackers are particularly popular, with which you can see exactly where and when a large market participant absorbs. The fact is that native iceberg orders can be clearly identified, but synthetic iceberg orders cannot. And the largest proportion of iceberg orders are in the synthetic area. Even if you could predict absorption 100% correctly, you still don't know where the price will go after that.

The causality principle describes that the cause of the market movement depends exclusively on the market orders that flow into the limit orders. The result in the end is the price as well as the candle, which only ever arises randomly. This means that the volume of the footprint charts and the imbalance always only arise by chance. The same applies to the T&S list and the DoM.

The decisive movements that influence the market are the stops of the retailers and the orders that mainly slow down the market are the synthetic iceberg orders. And it is precisely these two types of orders that cannot be identified because we cannot see them. Of course, a future trader has more information than a Forex trader, but he can do just as much with it as a Forex trader can do with a candle.

And it is precisely for this reason that the world champions in Forex have beaten the world champions in futures 3 times in the last 5 years. So don't be fooled and continue trading in the Forex market, because due to many events, beginners in particular can lose up to 50 times less money than in the futures market. As a trader you always have to ask yourself the following question. Where can I achieve the most return with the least risk and also have a high probability of keeping it? And the answer is: definitely in the Forex market.

If you're smart, you can of course get the stock market data from the futures market to get additional information. However, I would generally only trade in the Forex market. You can find further information about this in my numerous videos.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and look forward to seeing you here again soon.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Think about it carefully

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we want to look at the dark side of trading and take a very realistic look at the probability of success. To do this we need a bit of mathematics and an alert mind. Of course, it is possible to become successful in trading, but you have to meet some requirements, which we will talk about today. For most traders, their dreams have not come true because they were built on false expectations or promises.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #949 ---
A perfect heart for Christmas!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

One day a young man stood in the middle of the city and declared that he had the most beautiful heart in the entire valley. A large crowd gathered and they all admired his heart because it was perfect. There was not a spot or flaw in him. Yes, they all agreed with him, it really was the most beautiful heart they had ever seen. The young man was very proud and boasted even louder about his beautiful heart. Suddenly an old man appeared in front of the crowd and said, “Well, your heart isn’t nearly as beautiful as mine.” The crowd and the young man looked at the old man's heart. It hit hard, but it was full of scars, it had places where pieces had been removed and replaced with others. But they didn't fit properly, and there were some frayed corners, and in some places there were even deep gouges where whole parts were missing.

People stared at him. How can he say his heart is more beautiful, they thought? The young man looked at the old man's heart, saw its condition and laughed: “You must be joking,” he said, “comparing your heart with mine. Mine is perfect and yours is a mess of scars and tears.” “Yes,” said the old man, “Yours looks perfect, but I would never trade places with you. Each scar represents a person to whom I have given my love. I tear out a piece of my heart and hand it to them, and often they give me a piece of their heart that fits into the empty space in my heart. But because the pieces are not precise, I have some rough edges that I treasure because they remind me of the love we shared. Sometimes I have given a piece of my heart without the other person giving me a piece of his heart in return. These are the empty furrows. Giving love sometimes means taking risks. Even though these grooves are painful, they remain open, and they too remind me of the love I feel for these people. I hope one day they will return and fill the space. Do you now realize what true beauty is?”

The true beauty and value of a heart is determined not by external perfection, but by the traces of love, compassion and selfless deeds that it collects over the course of a lifetime.

I wish you a wonderful Christmas from the bottom of my heart and may all your wishes come true.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #950 ---
History of candles
New Year's Eve 2023/2024

Hello dear traders,

Today we are climbing into a time machine that will catapult us to the year 1700, because this is exactly where the fascinating story about the creation of candles begins. You will learn things that are not only exciting but also extremely inspiring. Even though we go back 300 years, we find a man who was way ahead of his time. With the help of his creativity, he achieved goals that seem unthinkable today and, in today's terms, earned over $12 billion on the stock market. Of course, we will talk about how a candle is created and what the whole thing has to do with cause and effect. The story of the candles is intended to be a special gift at the end of the year. Maybe this video will motivate you to take creative approaches to trading in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you a happy new year 2024 with lots of health, love and the creativity necessary to achieve your goals even faster.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Hello Michael,

I've worked a lot on trading on this end of year an developped my spoofing indicator, it's really powerful and game changer but i still get a problem to filter bad trades.

I'm trying to use the market orders with smart tape, but i still don't get it.

For example, the 4/12/2023 we have this :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My goal is to avoid false signals during the 15 minutes after entering the bionic zone (and eventually enter at yellow if possible).

As you see at 16h29'36", market buy orders looked fine to me and spoofing too. higher indicator is "removal spoofing" and lower one is

"adding spoofing", we had 400 buy adding and almost 400 sell removal at same time, so it was a good signal for me.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But it miserably failed. I've a lot of trades like this, so i clearly lack yet a lot of comprehensions and informations.

Would you have some tips around this matter ? (market orders to spot entry, etc.)

For example i've seen your liquidity bar, is that an important addition to your trading ? How does it work ?

(of course if it's not important, or just a prototype, you can forget my question, you've understood my overall

question is not on this bar )
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thank you for your time and help,

and good 2024 year to all of you

--- 帖子 #952 ---
The only constant is change
[quote=thomasz1;14706018][/quote

Hello Thomas,
]
first of all, I would like to commend you for starting to look at the market creatively. This is exactly the right way, because the stock market has existed for over 600 years and during this time billions of strategies and procedures have been tested, only a small part of which work sustainably. The strategies that are actually profitable are not passed on by the few traders. For this reason, you should give the information that has been published so far a wide berth in order to find your own path.

Let's take my self-developed Bionic candle as an example. I only owe the invention to the fact that I personally couldn't handle the candle chart. I needed a candle that could be identified more quickly and that would immediately show me the current market strength. It was only afterwards that I discovered that this candle was, among other things, able to make the invisible price zones of the big players visible. Of course, the Bionic candle is not a holy grail, but it shows market strength seven times more accurately than the candle chart developed in 1870. Your own development always has the advantage of transferring your personal trading strategies to today's market situation in order to give you a better market overview. And that's exactly why I recommend every trader to get creative.

A few comments about your spoofing indicator. In fact, when you first start working with a spoofing indicator, it seems like it's the holy grail. But unfortunately the error rate is very high there. This is because different big players engage in spoofing. This often results in unclear signals, some of which are very confusing. Spoofing, i.e. the subtraction or addition of limit orders on the ask or bid side, is not only initiated by iceberg orders from the big players, but also by the entry or exit of retailers. Therefore, I would not recommend basing trading decisions on this. You will find further information about this in my video Fairy Tale Future Data, which will be published on February 10, 2024.

If you follow my posts you will notice that my trading screens change regularly. Here is a workspace from 2020.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And here, my current workspace

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a seconds scalper, I try to look as deeply into the eye of the tornado as possible in order to make the quickest trading decisions. Once I have developed a new chart, it will be tested, possibly improved or replaced with a better chart. The best charts that influence my trading decisions stay on my main screen. You will find that the only constant is change. And that is completely clear, because the markets also change every day. The most important thing are the charts that give you the deepest market insight and actually help you make the right decision.

I wish you continued success.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Thanks for your fast answer as always, i'll wait eagerly this video to find some tips to interpret your ideas "at my sauce" as we say in french.

I'll focus a little bit less on spoofing the next weeks, since you consider it's not core to your strategy.

See you in february

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Hello thomas, I just saw that the video: Fairy Tales Future Data will not be released until March 2nd, but the English version will be released a week later. I wish you a great weekend. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Think about it carefully

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we want to look at the dark side of trading and take a realistic look at the probability of success. To do this we need a bit of mathematics and an alert mind. Of course, it is possible to become successful in trading, but you have to meet some requirements, which we will talk about today.

Inserted Video

Continued success

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Announcement of the next videos

Hello dear traders,

Last year 2023 I produced and published 30 videos. In total, there were more than 10 hours of content that was viewed over 30,000 times by my followers. I would like to thank you very much for that.

As most of you know, I work full-time as a trader, but I also spend a lot of time advancing my personal project: “Algorithm Trading”. In the first half of 2024, I will have further tasks, including moving into a second home in Bavaria, which also needs to be equipped with my sophisticated technology such as a workstation, fiber optics, workstation and screens. In the last few months I have made sensational discoveries and progress in algorithm trading, which now have to be completed in the form of programming.

Since my followers deserve quality, I will reduce the number of my videos by 1/3 in the first half of the year. This means that a new video appears every 3 weeks as usual.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the next video topics with release dates. (The German videos appear 1 week earlier)

When the first half of 2024 is over, I will try to increase video production again with the appropriate quality. This year is a crucial year as the big players are testing new algorithms and approaches, which can already be felt in some markets. We get a little bit further every year, while the big players' lead narrows. I'm particularly pleased that more and more retailers are starting to get creative and analyze the markets according to the big players' approach. That's exactly the right way, because all the retailer strategies that are already known don't really work from a sustainability perspective. Let's always think about the high-frequency traders whose winning rate is 99.9%. The big players, who mostly act as day traders, achieve a profit rate of 90% and the institutional traders, who are often active in the medium to long-term investment area, only manage 60%. This shows that speed on the stock market is a good protection against the dominance of capital. If you are then able to read the algorithms of the big players, it is like winning a small lottery.

I wish you a very successful year 2024

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #957 ---
The history of candles

Hello dear traders,

Today we are climbing into a time machine that will catapult us to the year 1700, because this is exactly where the fascinating story about the creation of candles begins. You will learn things that are not only exciting but also extremely inspiring. Even though we go back 300 years, we find a man who was way ahead of his time. With the help of his creativity, he achieved goals that seem unthinkable today and, in today's terms, earned over $12 billion on the stock market. Of course, we will talk about how a candle is created and what the whole thing has to do with cause and effect. The history of candles is a special gift and may motivate you to pursue creative ways in trading in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Fear, revenge and greed

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the three biggest enemies in trading: fear, revenge and greed. Are these three characteristics actually our biggest enemies or is this just a way for trading coaches to instill their unnecessary mindset in us? In today's post I'll show you a simple way to kill the three flies of fear, revenge and greed in one fell swoop.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Fear, revenge and greed
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the three biggest enemies in trading: fear, revenge and greed. Are these three characteristics actually our biggest enemies or is this just a way for trading coaches to instill their unnecessary mindset in us? In today's post I'll show you a simple way to kill the three flies of fear, revenge and greed in one fell swoop.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Dear Michael,

how can I apply the bionic candle on meta trader 4? I downloaded the template and candle zip data. Do you have an instruction anywhere? ThanQ.

Ps: Ich spreche auch deutsch btw.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Hello Pshht, please download the zip file: “Bionic Candle 6.3 Bionic Histogram 6.3.” here!

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ex-algorithms?

To do this, you must register with FF beforehand. You can get all the information in this video:

Inserted Video

On my German blog at FF you can find the indicators for the Bionic Candle and the histogram. Open your MT4, go to File and Open File Folder. Now click on MQL4/Indicators and insert the indicators there. Close the MT4 and reopen it. You will then find the Bionic candle in your indicators. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Wrong world stock exchange

Hello dear traders,

have you ever thought about why the stock market always behaves in exactly the opposite way to our opinion? If we strongly believe that the price is going long now, the price will go short and if we believe that the price will go down, it will immediately be pushed up. In today's post we will reveal the secret and I am convinced that many of you will be able to improve your break-even point in the long term.

Inserted Video

Have a great weekend

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Wrong world stock exchange
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

have you ever thought about why the stock market always behaves in exactly the opposite way to our opinion? If we strongly believe that the price is going long now, the price will go short and if we believe that the price will go down, it will immediately be pushed up. In today's post we will reveal the secret and I am convinced that many of you will be able to improve your break-even point in the long term.

Inserted Video

Have a great weekend

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Successful traders trades, unsuccessful traders coaches

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

On the way to becoming a successful trader, we meet many people on the Internet who have formed their own opinions about trading. In principle, that would be completely fine if it wasn't a money-making, rip-off or vanity thing. Some traders claim that trading is the easiest thing in the world. You don't understand why many traders think or act in such complicated ways. Traders who have been trying to break even for many years feel like outsiders or losers because things seem to be going so well and easily for others.

In Germany, Austria and Switzerland there are around 60,000 traders working in the futures, forex and stock markets, although I don't include the players who occasionally place a trade on their cell phone. 10% of them are making profits, 10% are breaking even and at least 80% are suffering losses, that's the unvarnished truth. 15% trade as position traders, 25% as swing traders, 50% as day traders, 8% as scalpers and only 2% as seconds scalpers. The position trader achieves the highest probability of winning because the spread is the smallest in relation to the take profit. The seconds scalper achieves the highest hourly wage because it achieves the highest tick value per minute.

When you browse the various trading forums, you often get the impression that over 80% of all traders there are successful. Incredible strategies and huge profits are published every day, some traders might actually get an inferiority complex. But if you then go to the broker's website, there is a legally required rate as to what percentage of small investors lose their money with this broker. According to the brokers, on average over 80% of small investors lose their money, although I personally believe that the numbers are significantly higher because they are partly embellished. How does this fit in with the statement of 80% of traders who supposedly record high profits every day? I think it has to do with the fact that people don't like to admit they're a loser. But if you're not willing to lose, you can't win, especially since as a beginner you'll only lose in the first few years. And that's completely normal and has nothing to do with being a loser.

If trading is actually that easy, why do over 80% lose money? As soon as we take the trouble to analyze the trading floors of the big players, we find that the big players employ thousands of traders, analysts and programmers. They invest billions of dollars in the latest technology, microwaves, to improve their latency times and use the fastest servers located in close proximity to the stock exchange. In order to use the best strategies, physicists, IT specialists and quants are employed to program special algorithms. If trading is actually so easy, why do the big players invest billions of dollars in technology, analysts and traders? The answer won't surprise any professional: Because trading is anything but easy. 80% claim to make money even though 80% of all traders lose. So we can assume that 80% of all traders are not telling the truth.

Approximately 10% of traders work in the areas of software, indicators, copy or foreign money trading or as trading coaches. If we now believe that every trading coach is profitable, then they would be the only winners in the stock market. Since out of 100% of all traders, only 10% are profitable. This means there would not be a single retailer who is not a trading coach and making profits. Since every trading coach has to pretend to make profits otherwise he wouldn't get any clients, that automatically means that 90% of all trading coaches lie. And even worse 90% of all trading coaches can't trade otherwise they would make enough money from trading, in order to make a living with it.

If you're a beginner looking for a trainer, there's a 90% chance you'll get scammed. Now some will say that the odds are even lower with roulette, but you usually lose less money and you expect to lose. However, as soon as you decide on a trading coach and perhaps pay them €10,000 in advance, you assume that you will be smarter at the end than you were at the beginning of the training. However, since 90% of the coaches themselves have no idea about trading, the probability is that €9,000 is lost. Nevertheless, in the end the hope prevails that the chosen trading coach is honest and that you will earn millions through his information. If his information were actually worth millions, the trading coach would make a lot of money in trading with his own knowledge and wouldn't have to make a fool of himself on the Internet just to find a customer. He wouldn't have to spend a large part of the day doing his show on TikTok & Co to acquire seminars, but could concentrate entirely on trading.

Think about it for yourself: Why is Shakira a singer and not training other singers as a vocal coach? Why is Lionel Messi not a coach? Why did Tom Brady, considered the greatest player of all time, win seven Super Bowls because he was a coach? Why did Tom Cruise receive $100 million for the blockbuster Top Gun: Maverick (2022)? Maybe because he trained other actors? No, because he is the most successful actor in the world and even does his own stunts. And that's exactly here the circle closes:

Successful traders trade,  unsuccessful traders coaches! Now many will ask themselves, does this wisdom always apply? Well, in 90% of cases definitely

I wish you continued success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Fairy Tale Future Data

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we talk about the great fairy tale of future data. You all know the self-proclaimed trading coaches who claim in their seminars that the Forex market is a big scam because there is no Level 2 data there. They are trying to make us know that only in the futures market can we get in-depth data that shows us exactly what the big players are up to. We'll look at whether this is true or just big bullshit in this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend and much success in trading.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Fairy Tale Future Data
Video in English

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we talk about the great fairy tale of future data. You all know the self-proclaimed trading coaches who claim in their seminars that the Forex market is a big scam because there is no Level 2 data there. They are trying to make us know that only in the futures market can we get in-depth data that shows us exactly what the big players are up to. We'll look at whether this is true or just big bullshit in this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend and much success in trading.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #967 ---
How the big players collect

Hello dear traders,

In today's video we'll take a look at how the big players go about building their positions. A few things will come to light that will definitely cause some aha effects.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #968 ---
How the big players collect
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

In today's video we'll take a look at how the big players go about building their positions. A few things will come to light that will definitely cause some aha effects.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Volume follows liquidity

Hello dear traders,

In today's article I will show you why volume generally follows liquidity and not the other way around. This law also contributes to the fact that 90% of retailers lose.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Hi Micheal,

I've been day trading the forex market for 6 years and doing quite fine and always striving to improve.

I found your Bionic candles about a month ago I found them to be exactacly what I was looking for after trying all sorts of candles in the past, the closest I got to what I wanted I believe was a 'High Low Close Bar' with the line chart based on the close price (I appreciate how you have made this free and I also like how you set it up so you can change the colours).

I am aware that you are currently trading forex Euro and by not what you see but by the alagorthims trading aproach which is cool and something I am learning more about (as your lastest video has helped out with) and as I've found out over the years that it's not always what you see on the charts that counts and what you see counts for only a pcertain percentage of the time). But the main reason I am saying all this is because I would be really grateful if you could expand on your 'Bionic candle' to also create a "Multi-Time Frame Background Bionic Candle" (from the 1min chart all the way up to the monthly chart with an option to have quarterly and yearly candles) for the part of trading that I like to see and currently get most of my trade bias from and for the MT4 platform. I have been using the 'm-CandlesYearlyv27' indicator on and off in the background of my charts for quite sometime but find a simular thing like the normal plain japenese candles dilema also. So recently I have been painstakingly using the MT4 rectangle tool to mark up my own higher time frame background Bionic candles to see the charts with for just an example a previous mtf Quaterly or Yearly bionic candle in the background on a monthly chart or previous mtf weekly bionic candle in the background on a 4hr chart or a previous mtf daily bionic candle in the background on a 1hr chart or a mtf 4hr bionic candle on a 30min chart on down the tf's etc. mainly so I don't have to have too many charts up at once or so I don't have to keep switching from one time frame chart back to another fairly often. Anyway I currently believe this would help towards improving my current trading. My trading bias at the moment leans more towards where price has come from and where price is most likely to go to complete it's cycle and as to where buyers meet sellers and sellers meet buyers at higher tf closes and freshest higher tf past highs, lows and close prices around round numbers where there is fresh incoming liquidity which tends to govern the lower tf's playing field but I like to get in and out during a Daily move and not hold overnight in most cases and I am definately no coder/programmer nor do I know anyone that is, I have dabbled in the MT4 Metaquotes editor before but I feel you are the one person to ask to create such an indicator as you are the creator of the Bionic candle after all.

I have attached a couple of Euro charts where I have crafted my own MTF-Bionic background candles with the MT4 rectangle tool. Looking forward to your reply .

Happy trading

Price can reverse in an instant but it often takes a much longer time to turn a large market!

Brad Parker

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Usdx,another example of a higher Quaterly tf Bionic candle (with close to the original colors representing strength and weakness) in the background.

Brad

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Volume follows liquidity
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

In today's article I will show you why volume generally follows liquidity and not the other way around. This law also contributes to the fact that 90% of retailers lose.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Hello Brad, thank you for your detailed report. First of all, I'm glad that the Bionic candle is helping you and I understand that you would like an MTF. However, I currently have a lot of projects and unfortunately don't have the time for them. However, in my opinion there is a better alternative. Here you will find a zigzag indicator that calculates the individual trend strength. In principle, this is the same indicator, only the individual zones are now colored green and red. The Bionic candle can be inserted here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can find the indicator here, maybe it will help you.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post12659866

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Txs for the video Michael, that's funny you've pointed these 10-20-30-40% zones in the ladder because i've studied some months ago the same idea

but too superficially i think, and without some knowledges, datas i have now.

After watching this video, i've analyzed again the behaviour of spoofing around these zones and i've seen that counting the 10 boxes/cells/squares around the price was too much,

the cells between 6 and 10 are misleading exactly as you pointed out and giving fake removal spoofing informations.

If you look pic below around blues lines, you see that we have green (buy) removal in the 10 cells that can be misleading because it doesn't appear

in 6 and 3 cells windows. In 6 and 3 cells it's clear red (sell) removal and thus, the price is going up.

So the problem is well between 6 and 10th cells of ladder.

EDIT : i've put "rows" instead of " cells/boxes" in the screenshot because of my poor english ahah

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My analyze is better every day and i hope i'll can contribute these next weeks, months, if i succeed to be profitable. I think i'm on the good path.

keep up the good work fellow traders and i wish you all the best. We can do it !

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hello Thomas, I'm thrilled. This is exactly what makes successful traders. They experiment to generate knowledge and thus make progress twice as fast. This is the right way. I keep my fingers crossed for you and keep it up. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #976 ---
What is ALGO Trading?

Hello dear traders,

In today's article I will show you what exactly is meant by algo trading and to what extent the algorithms of the big players can help us in daily trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #977 ---
My friend you have great threat and great knowledge of trading and Coding.

I have send you DM.

Lets see when 2 same minds collaborate and do something big.

Have a great weekend and earn lot of profits in coming week.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Hello Mike, thank you very much for the nice offer, but I have so many projects at the moment that I don't know where my head is at. In addition, there is daily trading because that is where I earn my money. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for you in trading. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Hallo Michael,

Wie geht es dir.

Machen Sie sich keine Sorgen um das Projekt,

Lass uns Freunde sein.

Herzliche Grüße, Mike

--- 帖子 #980 ---
My friend you are full time trader, and earn you living from trading.
I am also full time trader and earn my living from trading, I am earning very well even on small account reason I have created my own custom filters and based on these filters i create indicators which are based on Math.
Let's be friends and learn from each other.
Have a great day my friend and earn lot of profits.
I believe in earning a lot not only for living but for comfortable life.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
I've begun to use Bookmap and it's really a great addition to detect icebergs orders and "stop run"/ SL chases,

have you ever tried ? If not, you should really take a look.

The goal would be to code all these add-ons on Atas thanks to MBO datas, but at first view it's not that easy.

Hope your coding projects are going well also.

have a good week-end fellow traders

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Hello Thomas, Bookmap, which comes directly after ATAS and Quantower, is not an alternative for me because it does not provide enough information about the algorithms. Nevertheless, it is a creative software that charges a lot of money from its customers for the heuristics of synthetic iceberg orders. These iceberg trackers use specially created calculations that I personally would never rely on because they are only an estimate. Unfortunately, from a scientific perspective, it is absolutely impossible to concretely prove synthetic iceberg orders (which make up 88% of all iceberg orders). Of course, native iceberg orders are verifiable because all orders have the same ID. However, a professional trader would never enter into a trade if only 12% of the available data is correct. That's one of the reasons why ATAS doesn't do it. Even if you could identify a synthetic iceberg order, you still don't know what the big player wants to achieve with it. With a limit sell order in the EURUSD, the big player can either enter the dollar or exit the euro. With a limit buy order, he either enters the euro or exits the dollar. Added to this is spoofing with pulling and stacking, which causes further confusion. So if there is strong absorption on the ask or bid side, you cannot make a profitable conclusion whether the price continues to move up or down. Another point, nowadays many smaller iceberg orders are used at different price levels in order to attract less attention. This makes concrete identification even more difficult. The professional big players all work with synthetic iceberg orders because they don't want you to be able to follow their tracks. That's why, for me, the topic of MBO is just a fun marketing idea that costs additional money. Of course, this is just my personal opinion, which, as always, can differ significantly from other opinions. I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you much success in trading. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #983 ---
What is ALGO Trading?
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

In today's article I will show you what exactly is meant by algo trading and to what extent the algorithms of the big players can help us in daily trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Txs for the elaborate answer, you're right, it's really pricey and far from perfect.

i'll continue to study it nonetheless because i've already seen a lot of really interesting things with it, and i think i'll give a little feedback in some weeks, perhaps it will help some fellow traders here.

Even i find one minuscule little thing that will help me, i consider it's a success

If not, i'll have eliminate another avenue

Have a good week-end lads.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Hello Thomas, that's true, every little thing helps the community. Please note that the data feeds we receive from the brokers are responsible for evaluation by Quantower, Atas and Bookmap. There are already serious differences between Rythmic, CQG and TT, especially when it comes to spoofing values. Another point is the quality of the data feeds. We retailers nowadays get a data feed priced from $13 to €120 depending on the broker, country and professional/non-professional trader. The high-frequency traders and big players pay up to $125,000 for a data feed that updates up to 20 times per second. The big players can derive different information from this than we do. Especially in the stock market, where most high-frequency traders operate, their profits are already included in our data feed, as they often provide crucial liquidity. This means we should just be aware that our cheap data feeds do not reflect the real truth of the markets. ATAS 95.4%, Quantower 93.6%, and Bookmap 87.4% are currently among the best software programs on the market. Every software has its strengths and weaknesses, no software program can do everything perfectly. That's why I recommend working with at least 2 programs and combining the data. Very interesting information can be derived from this that will help us in trading. Previously you had to pay over $200 per month for 2 data feeds, but with AMP this now starts at just $36. The next step is to deal intensively with the respective software in order to generate the best information from it. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #986 ---
you make me think to a problem i have ! I've seen my Rithmic feed can't be connected to 2 plateforms at same time, so basically i'm obliged to pay 2 times the same feed ?

--'

At the moment i'm paying the CME bundle around 35-40€/month, so you mean that with AMP i would be able to log on 2 plateforms for same price ?

The problem is that AMP refused my first subscription last year because a newbie employee have been afraid because i'm working in bank and as self employed (but i'm doing insurances) but if it's the only solution, i'll try a new application saying i'm employee and not in bank perhaps it will go through.(i had no problem with other brokers doing this)

But that's a good thing to hear the price is not so big, i hope AMP is not the only one to propose this

txs for information

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Hello Thomas, normally a second data feed could previously only be registered via a professional account, which increased the costs to over 200 euros. The Rhythmic Bundle is very expensive at AMP because they have a cooperation with CQG. Since I only trade currencies within 10 ticks, the DoM with 10 levels is enough for me. This only costs $13 per month at AMP. For the second data feed you pay another $13 plus a fee of $10, for a total of $36. Your Rithmic bundle will cost twice as much even with AMP. There are some traders who have one data feed on two stock exchange programs, but for me that's too much effort for the small contribution. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Txs, it's really useful informations

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Hello Michael,

Hope all well at yours!

First of all thanks for starting this thread with your great knowledge.

I've not been that active in the last 3/4 years. Also to the fact, I've not much knowledge and patience about it.

But I came across your thread recently and have been reading and watching some videos since last 2 days. I must say that you have some great knowledge out of your enormous exposure in the industry and most importantly willfully willing to share among all the fellowmen and community.

There may be number of indicators, perhaps most of them are lagging. Price action is something real and needs thorough knowledge to predict the next move in a blink of an eye. Your thread seems in the this direction and has motivated me to start once again with the forex trading.

I have subscribed now your thread and believe me, I don't even know how to use your knowledge in the best way for myself, and at the same time contribute to your thread. But I will try. I am looking forward to start from the scratch and will search for various brokers to setup an account and preferably start with a demo account first.

I am still reading your threads, currently on page 12 and perhaps would need few weeks to get into the knowhow, somehow.

Besides I would also like to thank all the other thread members who are doing a tremendous contribution to the thread to make it a success together.

On a side note,  at times, I'm just thinking if the market makers/big players will know about Bionic concepts, how are they going to change their strategy.

Many thanks again and kind regards!

P

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Hello Parshal, I've just seen your post, thank you for the flowers, I feel very honored. In my opinion, foreign exchange trading has many advantages, beginners in particular lose significantly less than in the futures market and the learning effect is the same. The fact that you are thinking about what you can contribute to this thread speaks volumes for you. But I recommend that you first concentrate on your skills to reach the break-even point. Then you can speak from experience to help other traders. PS: The big players don't need to change their strategies, as very few traders work according to the bionic concept . I'll keep my fingers crossed for you, best wishes Michael

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Why you shouldn't listen to coaches

Hello dear traders,

As more and more people are being ripped off and trading coaches are popping up like mushrooms, many students are not only getting stomach upsets, but millions of dollars are being wasted in the coaching process. In today's post, I'll show you the tricks and methods of the self-proclaimed trading coaches and how you can protect yourself from them.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Why you shouldn't listen to coaches
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

as more and more people are being ripped off and trading coaches are popping up like mushrooms, many students are not only getting stomach upsets, but millions of dollars are being wasted in the coaching process. In today's post, I'll show you the tricks and methods of the self-proclaimed trading coaches and how you can protect yourself from them.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Is the spread important?

Hello dear traders,

today's article is about the question of how important the spread is in trading. Of course, you can save money by using a cheaper spread, but there are much more important aspects that very few traders have thought about. And that's exactly why today's article is particularly exciting. Afterwards, you will receive all the indicators you need to document up to 250,000 different spread recordings per day.

First of all, watch the video:
Inserted Video

You can find the corresponding indicators on my German blog
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post14902354

I wish you much success in trading

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Facts about the spread?

Hello dear traders,

Today's article is about the question of how important the spread is in trading. Of course, you can save money by using a cheaper spread, but there are much more important aspects that very few traders have thought about. And that's exactly why today's article is particularly exciting. Afterwards, you will receive all the indicators you need to document up to 250,000 different spread recordings per day.

First of all, watch the video:
Inserted Video

You can find the corresponding indicators on my German blog
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post14902354

I wish you much success in trading

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #995 ---
The big footprint lie

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we will look at the highly qualified statements of the trading coaches about the extent to which a footprint chart can actually help us in trading. This message from the coaches is aimed specifically at retail traders who have only worked with candles in the foreign exchange market so far. I would even agree with the statement that you can look deep into the candle with a footprint chart, because you can actually see the volume traded on the ask and bid side. The crucial question is whether this information actually helps us.

Inserted Video

A successful trading week

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #996 ---
The big footprint lie
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we will look at the highly qualified statements of the trading coaches about the extent to which a footprint chart can actually help us in trading. This message from the coaches is aimed specifically at retail traders who have only worked with candles in the foreign exchange market so far. I would even agree with the statement that you can look deep into the candle with a footprint chart, because you can actually see the volume traded on the ask and bid side. The crucial question is whether this information actually helps us.

Inserted Video

A successful trading week

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #997 ---
How efficient are breakouts?

Hello dear traders,

in today's video we want to find out how efficient breakouts really are. Every trader is always fascinated when a price moves up or down very quickly and many have already calculated what they could have earned. It is also quick and easy money. Just press the buy button and 1 minute later you have earned €10,000. Trading coaches exploit this dream by supposedly teaching you how to trade breakouts correctly. So it's going to be exciting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Fair Value Gap Hysteria

Hello dear traders,

Today we're talking about the fair value gap hysteria, which is also increasingly dominating the German market. Inflationary terms from the stock market environment are currently flooding the industry, fascinating beginners on the one hand and straining the funny bones of professionals at the same time. The trading coaches have already noticed that you can no longer lure customers out of their shells with volume footprint and trading with third-party money. So new ideas are needed. Since very few coaches are creative, they have to steal ideas from America. ICT and SMC offer enough potential to get willing traders to reach for their wallets. And so that you don't fall for this rubbish in the future, we're taking a closer look at the funny fair value gap today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #999 ---
can someone code me an ea for free I have a strategy... if someone can pls respond

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Hello Sahul27,

I think my blog is the wrong platform for this. Try here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...indicators-for

This platform was specially set up to fulfill all your wishes. Good luck, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Fair Value Gap Hysteria
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

Today we're talking about the fair value gap hysteria, which is also increasingly dominating the German market. Inflationary terms from the stock market environment are currently flooding the industry, fascinating beginners on the one hand and straining the funny bones of professionals at the same time. The trading coaches have already noticed that you can no longer lure customers out of their shells with volume footprint and trading with third-party money. So new ideas are needed. Since very few coaches are creative, they have to steal ideas from America. ICT and SMC offer enough potential to get willing traders to reach for their wallets. And so that you don't fall for this rubbish in the future, we're taking a closer look at the funny fair value gap today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
How the stock market is manipulated

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we are dealing with the question of the extent to which the exchange stock markets are manipulated. What specific conspiracy theories are there and what is the truth behind them? With today's video we are starting to take a closer look at how the big players work. This topic is very extensive and important, which is why there are several videos on the subject that are extremely exciting and interesting.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
How the stock market is manipulated
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we are dealing with the question of the extent to which the exchange stock markets are manipulated. What specific conspiracy theories are there and what is the truth behind them? With today's video we are starting to take a closer look at how the big players work. This topic is very extensive and important, which is why there are several videos on the subject that are extremely exciting and interesting.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Strategy of the big players

Hello dear traders,

As already announced, in the coming videos we will be dealing with the specific working methods of the big players. This differs significantly from the way retailers operate, which also explains the high losses of retailers. In order to understand the specific working methods of the big players, some basics are necessary first, which we urgently need to talk about.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Speech is silver, silence is gold

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

Today I would like to tell you an interesting story about how quickly an advantage in trading can become a disadvantage. For many years I have known a very likeable young trader (50 years old) who has been involved in trading on the side for many years. He has a secure and lucrative job and earns a little money from trading. Because he was so friendly, when we first met I gave him some tips on the bionic candle, of course free of charge. With this information he went looking for unusual patterns and found some. He wanted to use this to program an EA that would place a corresponding trade as soon as this pattern appeared in the bionic candle.

The problem was that he was trading in the futures market via a third-party money provider and did not know the C++ programming language. Through three trader friends he finally came across an experienced programmer who was able to program this EA. What can I say, according to him, the EA had a win rate of almost 100%, but with a negative CRV. But that wasn't a problem, because the EA was profitable and on some days even brought in up to $500. You could actually earn a little money on the side with it, if no one else noticed. But his friends found out and are now using this EA too. But that wouldn't have been a problem either, but the trades are made via different third-party money providers.

With a third-party money provider, you basically trade on a demo account, which the third-party money provider mirrors with a real money account. However, only the lucrative traders are mirrored. The third-party money provider receives all the trader informations from its customers, which are crucial. Since the guys have developed an EA that achieves a very high win rate, these very trades are mirrored 1:1 by the third-party money provider on real money accounts. But now it gets even worse. Since the trades are worthwhile, the third-party money provider gives up not just 1 lot, but several 100 lots. This immediately made the big players aware of this strategy and they are now developing an algorithm to counteract it in order to eliminate this troublemaker in the medium term. So it is only a matter of time before the nice, uncomplicated windfall is over.

I recommended that he immediately look for a new strategy and program it himself as an EA in MT4. He is now attending a few online courses and in a year at the latest he will be able to program his own EA. The advantage: nobody will notice and if the EA runs under the radar of the big players, he will be able to enjoy it for many years. So my tip: if you have found a profitable strategy, enjoy it and keep quiet. Because as soon as the whole thing becomes inflated, the nice rain of money is over. The secret of the successful big players has been based on silence for decades, so: speech is silver, silence is gold. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't help your colleagues, but I don't have to tell a stranger where my safe is installed.

I will continue to keep my fingers crossed for you

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Just a presentation advice: When writing long blocks of text, use paragraphs. It makes the readability so much easier.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Already done

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Strategy of the big players
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

As already announced, in the coming videos we will be dealing with the specific working methods of the big players. This differs significantly from the way retailers operate, which also explains the high losses of retailers. In order to understand the specific working methods of the big players, some basics are necessary first, which we urgently need to talk about.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Hallo Michael irgendwie bin ich total angetriggert von deinem Bionics-Konzept. Ich würde gerne mal ein paar Dinge persönlich mit Dir besprechen. Könntest Du mich bitte  unter wiedir64@freenet.de kontaktieren. MfG Dirk

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
What nobody tells you

Hello dear traders,

the topic we are talking about today is extremely controversial, as it may reveal the power relations of individual institutions. This is not about conspiracy theories, but about aspects that the banks prefer to keep to themselves. We will also look at how our stops are triggered to get in or out.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
What nobody tells you
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

the topic we are talking about today is extremely controversial, as it may reveal the power relations of individual institutions. This is not about conspiracy theories, but about aspects that the banks prefer to keep to themselves. We will also look at how our stops are triggered to get in or out.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
The power of the big players

Hello dear traders,

today's video continues with how the big players work, and there is also some interesting information on the subject of the US election and the futures market. As always, it will be very exciting. Let yourself be surprised.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
The power of the big player
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in today's video we continue with the way the big players work, and there is also some interesting information on the subject of the US election and the futures market. As always, it will be very exciting.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Full speed into a dead end

Hello dear traders,

in today's video we go a little deeper into the market to understand how the big players operate and why they confuse us so often. We have to invert our thoughts in order to be able to follow them in the future. This is not easy at first glance but can still be done.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Hello Michael,

I have a question concerning a really basic point, but even if i'm progressing a little bit each day, i still don't understand this process.

Can you explain to me, why we have big sell trades from big players at lows like on the picture below ?

Because i can use it to have some profits but i'm annoyed to not understand what i'm using ahah

I remember you've explained sometimes they put agressive orders and match the order themselves with limit order to trap retails and accumulate their lots.

But i'm not sure it's what we see here ? I've no clue, hope you'll can enlighten me

Hope your 2024 trading year was great !
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Hello Thomasz, it's relatively simple. The moment a new low is formed, many traders go short because they believe the price will continue to go down. But when the big player pushes the price up, these massive short traders are stopped out. Short stops are market buy orders that can now be intercepted by the big players' limit sell orders. This means the big player buy the dollar from the retailer and push the price down. I wish you a great Christmas. Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
txs for the answer, I've perhaps understood but i'm really not sure.

You've said

So, what you mean is what i've written in the screenshot below ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But my thought was that, these big sell cumulative orders were stoplosses previous buyers. Am i incorrect ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Hello Thomasz,

first of all, you can't tell from your chart which time unit or asset it is. It also depends on how the market has developed in the past. If a market has been moving downwards for five years, for example, it is very unlikely that the lowest low has stops from long traders who entered the market six or seven years ago. As I understand it, the red circles on your chart show an increased number of market sell orders. That would indeed suggest that long traders are being stopped out. On my chart, the red circles show the volume that flows into the limit sell orders of the big players. And that alone is of course a big difference. If a price moves downwards and forms a new low, long traders from the past can of course be stopped out. These stops now come into the market as market sell orders, which are intercepted by limit buy orders from a big player. This would allow the big player in the EURUSD to collect the euro. Because the big player has created a new low, he automatically attracts short traders. The stops of these short traders now help him to push the price up. This creates several advantages.

1. The big player stops the short traders out.

2. He brings the collected euros into profit

3. By pushing the price up, he attracts new long traders.

4. He is able to buy the dollar again at a higher price level.

5. The long traders who come into the market later help him to push the price down more quickly.

As I have already shown in my videos, the entire procedure is not always easy to understand. In addition, it is particularly in the middle or at the end of a month that larger currency exchange transactions occur, where two friendly big players interact. This results in high volume peaks that are exchanged within seconds. This procedure is often confusing and not clearly understandable. Basically, it is very difficult to understand what 1 million market participants are currently planning in the Euro US dollar. I have also been wrong many times or have been proven wrong. In the end, however, that is not a bad thing because we learn something new every day.

I will continue to keep my fingers crossed for you.

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Aaaah yes sorry, i've forgot to say i've reset the colors to normal (green=buy orders, red=sell), i've used your inverted colors a long time but it was confusing me when i've begun to learn footprint, but it's just my personal taste of course.

they are charts of MNQ, and the width of the screenshot was covering around 30 minutes. So when i say "previous buyers" it was max 3-4 minutes before

Thank you for the answer, it's helping me. I guess it must be often a combination of the 2 scenarii, SL from previous buyers + sell stops from new sellers.

I Will keep to follow this thread and your videos with attention

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Thomasz, I'm glad to hear that. On my YouTube channel you can find numerous videos about the approach of the big players. The video: "Full speed into the dead end" will be published next week. Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
The best threads on FF

Hello dear traders,

as of December 15, 2024, there are over 1 million members on FF and the question arises: what information is valuable and actually helps a trader. First of all, there are currently 722 high impact members, 1,085 medium impact members and 1,807 low impact members. There are also 6,120 commercial members who were not taken into account in our evaluation because they are primarily focused on a business advantage or monetary compensation. There are also former high, medium and low impact members here who, however, at some point violated the non-commercial guidelines and were therefore banned to the commercial side. Of course, there are also interesting posts there, which we do not take into account for the reasons mentioned. This leaves 722 high impact, 1,085 medium and 1,807 low impact members. The most successful threads are on the high impact members page.

Of course there are also interesting posts from the medium and low impact members, but a new member can reach the status of high impact member within a year. Therefore, our evaluation only included the high impact members who are among the most successful 0.1% of all members. This refers exclusively to membership in FF and says nothing about the financial success of their trading. Of course there are also successful traders who publish no or poor posts, just as there are unsuccessful traders who publish very good posts. Unfortunately it is impossible to draw a clear distinction here.

The selected high impact members initially include pure subscribers without buddies. Buddies are members who follow each other to push themselves up the rankings or because they are actually friends with each other. A subscriber follows a member selflessly because they find the information on this thread interesting.

Evaluation process:

First of all, there are different ways to arrive at a fair evaluation. Since I have been a member of Forex Factory for over seven years, I have tried to use a fair rating system. Let's look at this in detail.

The 722 high impact members differ mainly in the number of their subscribers. 2526 subscribers follow the largest thread and in 100th place there are a total of 293 followers. Therefore, the 100 largest high impact members were selected. Among these 100 there are four people who have not published a single post and a newsstand who is responsible for news. These five candidates were not taken into account in the rating. That leaves 95 high impact members who now had to be rated. In total, there were eight criteria that were taken into account in the rating.

Number of subscribers per month

Here the total number of subscribers is simply divided by the number of months of membership that a high impact member has achieved at FF. It indirectly shows how successful and current a thread is. Of course, young members often have an advantage, e.g. LauraT, who has only been here for 56 months and has 9.0 subscribers per month. But there are enough examples to disprove this. Ata-Turkoglu, who has been here for over ten years, has 19.9 subscribers per month and Hanover, who has been here for over 219 months, has 7.5 subscribers, even though he hasn't been active for three years.

Number of posts per month

There are major differences here, from 514 posts per month to 0.1 posts per month. In principle, this is purely a matter of hard work and also shows the willingness to communicate with the individual subscribers. Of course, one efficient post is better than ten inefficient posts, but with millions of posts, it is not possible to make a clear assessment here.

Posts per subscriber

Here, the number of posts is divided by the number of subscribers. This allows you to calculate how many posts a high impact member needs to theoretically gain a subscriber. The fewer posts are needed, the more efficient the approach is. This also applies to questions that are answered in the thread.

Ignored people

Many high impact members know that destructive criticism occurs from time to time, which is anything but fair. There are people who can take criticism, while others will not put up with anything. This sometimes leads to massive arguments and hostility. An ignored person can be excluded from a thread by a member. The basis here is the number of ignored people, which is compared to the number of subscribers. The number of ignored people ranges from 0% to 244%. The fewer people are ignored, the higher the score.

Files published per month

A member can provide their subscribers with indicators or files, such as PDFs or Excel files, which they can then download. This rating calculates how many files were made available per month. Everything from 14.6 files per month to 0 files is included. The greater the willingness to provide files, the higher the score.

Images published per month

We all know the saying: A picture is worth a thousand words. Images help to understand the written text better and faster. The greater the willingness to post images, the higher the corresponding score.

Number of subscribers

If one high impact member reaches 1000 subscribers, while another only reaches 100 subscribers, there are clear reasons for this. First and foremost, it shows the interest of traders that this thread offers something special. Of course, in the past there have always been members who created so-called fake accounts in order to increase the number of their subscribers. Fortunately, Forex Factory was able to prevent this fake using IP numbers and location data. It can therefore be assumed that most subscribers are real subscribers.

Length of membership

The oldest High Impact Member has been a member for over 20 years, while the youngest member has only been a member for 4.5 years. The longer a member has been a member, the higher the score.

Special note:

Of course, it doesn't matter which country a member comes from, because all countries are basically worth the same. Age, gender and religion also play no role. There was also no assessment of the quality of the published posts, as this would not be objective.

Overall rating

There are now different rankings within the 8 different criteria. The best ranking gets 95 points, the worst just one point. At the end, all points are added together to produce the following results, sorted alphabetically by name.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are places 1-48 in the 8 different criteria
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are places 49-95 in the 8 different criteria
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can find the 12 best threads here, although in some cases the points are not far apart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are the best threads places 1 to 95
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course, you could also weight the individual 8 criteria differently to achieve a different result. But that would potentially be very one-sided in the end. Please note that the best 95 threads or members were rated here. Even if someone is in last place, they are still in the best 0.01% of all members, as there are over 1 million members on FF. In addition, the rating does not show the whole truth, as the threads cannot be checked for quality, logic or sustainability. Ultimately, it is always the individual traders who decide which information is good or less good.

Of course, every trader is looking for the system that suits them. There is a lot of information within these 95 threads that can help you. Just start at number 1 and get a rough overview. If the strategy or approach doesn't appeal to you, just switch to number 2 and look around there. Of course, this will take a while, but it might save you a lot of time, as there are currently over 3,600 high, medium and low impact members who provide around 15,000 threads. In total, there are 78,000 threads on Forex Factory, which we have reduced to around 400 threads today. Personally, I don't want to rate the individual members or threads here, as that is not possible in depth.

In the end, the following is crucial:

Every trader who passes on his knowledge is trying to help other traders selflessly. That is something very special and I would like to thank everyone for that.

I wish you continued success

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Full speed into a dead end
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in today's video we go a little deeper into the market to understand how the big players operate and why they confuse us so often. We must invert our thoughts in order to be able to follow them in the future. This is not easy at first glance but can still be done.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Christmas 2024

Hello dear traders, followers and subscribers,

As we approach the end of another eventful year, I would like to take the opportunity to look back on the past year and at the same time take a look into the future. It was a year full of challenges, lessons and also many opportunities - a year that shaped us as traders. Trading is more than just charts and numbers. It is a way to constantly develop our discipline, patience and understanding of the markets. This year has shown us how important it is to have a clear plan, manage risks and focus on what really matters: sustainable and consistent results.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We all know that the markets are unpredictable. But it is precisely in this unpredictability that the opportunity lies - the chance to constantly improve and recognize new opportunities. Success in trading does not come overnight. It is a process, a marathon and not a sprint. And I am proud to be part of a community that supports, motivates and learns from each other. I would like to thank each and every one of you - for your commitment, your questions, your experiences and above all for your positive energy. Your journey inspires not only me, but also many others who have set out to understand the financial markets and trade successfully. Every loss is a lesson and every win is a reward for your hard work and discipline. Stay focused, stay hungry for knowledge and, above all, always remain open to growth. I wish you and your families a Merry Christmas, relaxing holidays and a successful start to the New Year with the new video: "History of Money".

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For the last video of this year, I have come up with something special: It is about the history of money, which should make us all think. The English translation will be released on December 30th, 2024 at 3:00 p.m. I look forward to accompanying you on your journey next year and am excited about the successes we will celebrate together. Thank you for being part of this community. Let's start the coming year with enthusiasm, passion and a clear vision.

To you, to us, to a peaceful Christmas and a great start to the new year 2025.

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
History of money

Hello dear traders,

I hope you had a peaceful Christmas with your family and look back on a successful 2024. Today, at the end of the year, I would like to tell you about the history of money, which, when viewed in depth, contains a lot to think about. Henry Ford, founder of the Ford Motor Company, once said: "It is a good thing that people do not understand our banking and monetary system, because otherwise we would have a revolution before tomorrow morning." Even 100 years later, nothing has changed, because most people still do not understand our financial system. Mark Twain explained this aptly: "It is not what we do not know that gets us into trouble, but what we mistakenly think we know." This statement is particularly apt for the monetary system, which is characterized by myths and misunderstandings.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
History of money
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

I hope you had a peaceful Christmas with your family and look back on a successful 2024. Today, at the end of the year, I would like to tell you about the history of money, which, when viewed in depth, contains a lot to think about. Henry Ford, founder of the Ford Motor Company, once said: "It is a good thing that people do not understand our banking and monetary system, because otherwise we would have a revolution before tomorrow morning." Even 100 years later, nothing has changed, because most people still do not understand our financial system. Mark Twain explained this aptly: "It is not what we do not know that gets us into trouble, but what we mistakenly think we know." This statement is particularly apt for the monetary system, which is characterized by myths and misunderstandings.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Video dates in 2025

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

I hope that you have started the new year 2025 with good intentions and I wish you the success you deserve. This year will indeed be a big challenge, Donald Trump will be sworn in on the 20th and a month later there will be elections in Germany. These factors will have an impact on the euro US dollar and many other assets. Half a year ago, in July 2024, we had three times as much liquidity in the euro US dollar as we do now. This has almost doubled volatility, which at the same time increases the risk and makes it more difficult to identify algorithms. In addition, in January 2025 new algorithms were brought into play by the big players, which currently still need to be analyzed and evaluated in detail. This means that I have many projects coming up this year that now require my undivided attention. Of course, I will publish the individual results in my videos so that you are always up to date. For 2025, twelve videos are initially planned, which will always appear at 9:00 a.m. on the last Saturday of each month.

January 25, 2025

February 22, 2025

March 29, 2025

April 26, 2025

May 31, 2025

June 28, 2025

July 26, 2025

August 30, 2025

September 27, 2025

October 25, 2025

November 29, 2025

December 27, 2025

Depending on demand, additional videos will be published between the dates. This will enable me to react more quickly to current changes and post more videos. The release date for possible additional videos will also be a Saturday.

I have two channels on YouTube, one German and one English.

German channel: youtube.com/BionicsForexAlgorithmen

English channel: youtube.com/BionicsForexAlgorithms

The English channel translates my German text, the videos and images remain unchanged. The translation, which also takes a lot of time, was created for my English followers at Forex Factory. That's why the number of hits there is significantly lower than on my German channel.

On Forex Factory, the largest trading platform in the world, I am in 18th place out of over 1 million members and have a total of 4 threads there.

Forex Factory: https://www.forexfactory.com/bionics

In addition to current information and indicators, you will find interesting aspects about trading there in English and German.

In 2018, I was the only European to develop a new trading candle (Bionic Candle), which has already been downloaded over 40,000 times for MT4. The two largest software providers for the future market, ATAS and Quantower, have already integrated this bionic candle into their platform. All private traders can of course use this candle free of charge.

I wish you a successful year and keep my fingers crossed for all of us that we can look back and be satisfied at the end of 2025.

Best wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
How the algorithms help us

Hello dear traders,

in today's video I will show you how the algorithms of the big players help us and what opportunities arise from them. I will show you how we can use the patterns that the algorithms produce to look into the future for a few seconds in order to generate profitable trades. We will talk about why identifying the algorithms is the future and how the markets change as a result. It is a big challenge, but one that is worth it, especially for a scalper.

Inserted Video

I hope you have fun

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Hi Michael, you are in my list of best traders, and I have been around soon for 30 years.I have followed your thread and your videos here and there. I can see you made it and made it solid. But I don´t see a way of following your system, I got the bionic candles, and understand the basic algo manipulation which I have no doubt about. But once you start adding those awsome filters It just goes beyond me. Anyway, wish you the best, especially for the time you spend showing everybody for free how it is done.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Hello cuchuflito, first of all, thank you very much for the great compliment, I feel very honored. First of all, I am still at the very beginning of identifying algorithms and it will take a few years until all the patterns have been precisely evaluated. I believe that it is not important to follow a system exactly, it is much more important to get important tips to find your own way. Most of the systems that have been published do not work, otherwise word would have gotten around long ago and everyone would be working with them. You also have to look for new ways and for that a trader should be creative. Everyone is different and of course there are several ways to be successful. Reading algorithms is just one of many ways. Successful trading means finding a market advantage over other trading participants. But this path is the hardest for every trader. I hope from the bottom of my heart that you too will find your own personal path and I keep my fingers crossed for you. Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Liquidity in EURUSD / Euro FX 6E

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders

Compared to July 2024 compared to December 2024, liquidity in Euro 6E has reduced by a factor of three. In 2024, the DoM had ten levels of up to 4000 lots on the ask and bid side. Currently, there are between 1200-1500 lots. This has to do with many factors, including the election in America, the upcoming election in Germany, and other political influencing factors within the EU and the world. In addition, it is completely normal for liquidity to be withdrawn from the market at the end of the year and gradually reintroduced from mid-January of the new year. In the EURUSD foreign exchange market, liquidity is 100 times greater than in the Euro FX 6E future market, but there it is also currently only around a third of the values that were present in summer 24. Due to the withdrawal of liquidity, volatility has understandably doubled. Generally, high liquidity in an asset shows interest from the big players. Of course, interest in the Euro US dollar is generally very high, but, as already written, political factors are responsible for the fact that there is still great uncertainty about adding further liquidity. I believe that this uncertainty will reduce in the next few months and we will see significantly more liquidity in both the Future 6E and the Forex EURUSD. The situation is currently unsatisfactory for us too. The higher the liquidity in the market, the better we are able to read the algorithms of the big players. Higher liquidity requires the increased use of algorithms. This will inevitably significantly reduce volatility, but future price movements can be predicted more clearly through algorithm analysis. Some traders like to make a lot of money in a short period of time. This is precisely why the S&P or NASDAQ is a popular trading instrument, as the volatility is very high there. Unfortunately, however, most people forget that 90% of traders lose. Of course, 10% of traders will reach their goal faster, but 90% will also lose their money faster. High volatility usually means low liquidity, and low liquidity also shows little interest from the big players. A beginner should therefore generally start in markets with high liquidity and once he has reached his break-even point, markets with higher volatility are easier to trade. This can significantly reduce his losses.

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
How the algorithms help us
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

In today's video I will show you how the algorithms of the big players help us and what opportunities arise from them. I will show you how we can use the patterns that the algorithms produce to look into the future for a few seconds to generate profitable trades. We will talk about why identifying the algorithms is the future and how the markets change as a result. It is a big challenge, but one that is worth it, especially for a scalper.

Inserted Video

I hope you have fun

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
your thread is one of the only 2 best threads worth to read on FF. Happy new year & wish u good health & happiness in 25 Master!

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Algos: I understood this a long time ago. They are the masters of money transfer from retail to "algo Bank owner"account. I read a lot of science magazines about Quantum Computers. Scary, the race is on between the superpowers, first one to get the machine can open all the military codes of the other guys. China is ahead. Guess who is going "all in " on KI/ Quantum, the Big banks, of course "just to make sure their clients accounts are protected" , that was from Golmann.

And for the people who think it´s all too far away, wrong, it is closer than we think, probably not a full working system, but Google, Amazon, MS, etc. already offer Quantum services" online, meaning Big Money has access to Quantum systems that are already available.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Basically, what this dude is saying is, "Even ticks are not enough! We need subticks of ticks! No, we need quanta of subticks of ticks!"

We need significantly MOAR information! Just when you thought 1-minute charts were just a tad too informative.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
AI does play a certain role in programming the algorithms, but not yet in the area of active trading. The algorithms of high-frequency traders are the role models of the big players, although they differ significantly in high-frequency trading from trading in the foreign exchange market, as there are no high-frequency traders there. The approach of the big players is more simply structured, so the algorithms in our markets can still be expanded. This will change massively in the next few years, making trading more difficult. In 10 years, the use of algorithms could drastically reduce the proportion of retail traders. The big players should take note of this, as retail losses account for a large proportion of bank profits.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hear the algorithms in EURUSD

Hello dear algorithm traders,

In this 2.5 hour video you can see my 86" main screen on February 14th, 2025 from 5:00 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. We see the EURUSD currency pair in the foreign exchange market and the evaluation of the algorithms in Euro FX 6E. Pay attention to the different patterns that are forming. The sounds on the right and left speaker channels are also interesting. If you look at the chart history for a while, even a layperson can often see which direction the price will take next. Proof that identifying the big player algorithms is the future.

Inserted Video

Enjoy listening

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
This will change massively in the next few years, making trading more difficult. In 10 years, the use of algorithms could drastically reduce the proportion of retail traders. The big players should take note of this, as retail losses account for a large proportion of bank profits.[/quote]

Right, they have to balance their greed, with the necessity of keeping the cow alive. But who knows, in Germany, everybody plays the lottery, although the cow is long dead.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Right, they have to balance their greed, with the necessity of keeping the cow alive. But who knows, in Germany, everybody plays the lottery, although the cow is long dead.[/quote]

One day, a young man from the country buys a horse from an old farmer nearby. A bargain for 250 dollar, because the horse is quite old. The man pays in advance and wants to pick up the horse in a few days. A day later, the farmer rings the young man's doorbell, turns his cap in his hands in embarrassment and says: "I'm sorry, the horse is dead." The young man says: "Then I would like my money back, please." The farmer replies meekly: "I'm sorry, I already bought fertilizer for that." The young man says: "Fine, then bring me the dead horse, after all, it belongs to me!" Ride a dead horse? "But what on earth do you want with it?" asks the farmer. "I'll raffle it off." The farmer is shocked: "You can't sell a carcass, who's going to buy it?" The man smiles and says: "Let that be my concern, I don't have to tell anyone that the horse is dead." A month later, the farmer runs into the young man and asks how it went. The man says: "It went great. I started a raffle and sold a total of 500 tickets for $10 each." The farmer congratulates him and asks in surprise: "Has no one complained?" "Only one," the young man replies. "The guy who won. So I gave him back his $10."

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Hello Michael,

I am so glad that I found your channel a year ago. The content is very valuable and makes me understand what is really happening in the markets. Thank you.

I have questions about your last video. It's about the presentation of the limit orders (left in the picture). Could you explain:

1) When is a new line “printed”? What is the trigger?

2) What do the columns show us?

I would like to understand why a resistance pattern is a resistance pattern.

3) Do I hear the bid side on the left channel and the ask side on the right channel?

Thank you for your work and for sharing such information for free.

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Which party should Germany vote for?

Hello dear traders from all over the world,

in a few days there will be elections in Germany after the previous Chancellor was voted out by a vote of confidence. Around 30% of all eligible voters are undecided as to which party they should vote for on February 23, 2025. I have created a video to help with this. First of all: I do not want to favor or disadvantage any party in this article, because according to the voters, every party has its merits. The following text is only my personal opinion and does not claim to be complete. Basically, everyone always votes for the party that brings them the most advantages or that corresponds to their ideology, and that is perfectly fine. Although we all know that many promises are usually broken again after the election. This is not because all parties are fraudsters, but primarily because they are completely overwhelmed by the current situation or do not agree. I think it is important that Germany has good trade relations with America, Russia or China. We german should learn from the mistakes of the past and behave decently in the world.

Inserted Video

I wish us all much success

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Hello deedeldum, thank you very much, I'm glad that the information helps you.

Here you can find detailed information about limit orders:
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...7#post13014307

and here is a video with detailed information about the tones:
Inserted Video

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Hi Michael,

thank you for your quick response. I am sorry. I made a mistake. I was refering to the right chart (where we can see the "tape"). Thank you anyway. I was looking for more information about filtered limit orders anyway.

Nevertheless do you want to share more information about the DOM/T&S visualization?

1) When is a new line “printed”? What is the trigger? Are we "only" seeing whats happening at best bid/ask (first level)?

2) What do the columns show us?

Best regards, Daniel

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Hello Daniel, as I have already written on my German blog, my algorithm analysis consists of several modules, such as MT4, ATAS, Quantower, Visual Sound Analyser, self-programmed 1ms tones, Linux VPS tick chart, RTD, VBA codes and various EAs. This then produces different representations that give me deeper market insights in order to identify the algorithms of the big players. The effort we put in is very extensive, as, among other things, we translate the DoM and the T&S into a graphical and auditory representation. This involves the different patterns that must first be correctly programmed and then precisely calibrated. As we do not accept automatic adjustment of the respective liquidity in the DOM, different programs must be called up depending on the prevailing liquidity. Within the liquidity we have specified, this results in over 5,000 programming steps, each of which must be checked for consistency in extensive test phases. The printing of a new line can also be set in different ways and is variable. Therefore, a description of this extensive programming would be too complex. In the end, it is not the limit order or the algo scanner that brings in my profits, but the knowledge of how the big players are currently behaving in the market. That is why I always look at the market from the perspective of the big players, and that alone changes a lot. I will keep my fingers crossed for you, best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Trading against algorithms

Hello dear traders,

in my penultimate video we talked about how the algorithms of the big players can help us. Last week I posted my main trading chart, where you can look into the future for a few seconds using sounds and liquidity. Today's video will explain why trading against algorithms the future will be. You will learn very interesting things today that can help you in the future. As soon as the first algo tests have been successfully completed, I will also post a video in live trading, I hope that we can still do that this year.

Inserted Video

I hope you have fun with it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Playing around with Bionic Candles on Tradingview..

fun..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Hello CogAlpha, where can we find the Bionic Candle on Tradingview? Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Trading against algorithms
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in my penultimate video we talked about how the algorithms of the big players can help us. Last week I posted my main trading chart, where you can look into the future for a few seconds using sounds and liquidity. Today's video will explain why trading against algorithms the future will be. You will learn very interesting things today that can help you in the future. As soon as the first algo tests have been successfully completed, I will also post a video in live trading, I hope that we can still do that this year.

Inserted Video

I hope you have fun with it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Not yet available as there are a few things I need to fix...

I also wonder if you are fine with it?

To be fair, I am also not sure if its exactly the same, as I dont have the actual code.

But the fundamental logic should be similar, based on your explanations given.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Great topic, I'll follow along as well.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Hello CogAlpha, first of all, I think it's good that you are so honest. As described in many of my videos, the Bionic Candle is protected and a copy would constitute a copyright infringement. Since I am the developer of the Bionic Candle, I do not allow a copy for Tradingview, as the Bionic Candle should continue to be protected. If the developers of Tradingviev approach me, I will be happy to talk to them about a protected implementation of the Bionic Candle for Tradingview.

The version you have developed is unfortunately not complete and will therefore not work correctly. I have no problem if you build any indicator and use it exclusively for private purposes. We both have a problem if you copy my development to use it in Tradingview or to pass it on, possibly sell it or enrich yourself financially in some way. The Bionic Candle has been protected to ensure that every trader can use it free of charge. If the Bionic Candle really helps you, you can currently only use it in MT4, MT5, ATAS and Quantower. Both ATAS and Quantower have implemented the Bionic Candle in their respective systems, and this would also apply to Tradingview.

Nothing has happened yet and you have not committed any copyright infringement. Therefore, in your own interest, I ask you not to publish or share your programming.

Thank you very much and continued success in trading.

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Thank you for your message and for sharing your concerns about the Bionic Candle indicator. I appreciate your position as the original developer and your desire to protect your work.

I'd like to clarify that what I've created is my own implementation based on publicly available information and explanations you've shared in your videos/Thread. Copyright law generally protects the specific expression (the actual code) rather than the underlying concepts, mathematical formulas, or trading logic that the indicator represents.

While I understand your request, it's important to note that independently implementing trading logic based on publicly explained concepts is typically considered legitimate reverse engineering. The indicator I've developed for TradingView:Uses my own original code Was built based on public information Functions differently in several respects from your MT4 version That said, I respect your work and understand your concerns about potential distribution.

Thank you very much and continued success in trading.

Best wishes, Chris

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Add it to your indicator thread and we can discuss there.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Hello CogAlpha, you don't seem to have studied law, I would ask a lawyer for competition law before it costs a lot of money. I don't want to argue, but I will make sure that pirates like you are stopped. Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Call to all members of Forex Factory,

in recent years, pirates and fraudsters have become more and more brazen. They don't make any money from their trading and steal indicators to modify them, sell them or gain fame with them. I already published a post about this on June 4th, 2022 in the thread: "Hall of Shame".

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post14021391

At fxeachraked, you could find indicators from Swingman, Cja, Sangmane, FX Sniper and me, among others. The site is now no longer accessible. That's exactly the problem, the fraudsters are always on the run because they can be caught at any time.

Forex Factory is the largest platform for innovating new indicators, there are many creative developers there who create their own indicators and make them available to all traders free of charge. However, they are not prepared to publish this indicator on TradingView because they would have to provide the source code there.

Then there are people like CogAlpha, who look for good ideas on Forex Factory, reprogram these indicators and publish them on TradingView. This gives them a certain level of fame without them having to be creative themselves. They want to use this level of fame to eventually earn a lot of money with contract programming work. What they fail to take into account is that this is a criminal offense according to Section 106 of the German Civil Code.

When is it a copyright infringement?

Any use of copyrighted works on the Internet without the consent of the author or rights holder is a copyright infringement.

How high is the penalty for copyright infringement?

Anyone who reproduces, distributes or publicly reproduces a work or an adaptation or modification of a work without the consent of the right holder in cases other than those permitted by law will be punished with imprisonment of up to three years or a fine. Trying to do so is a criminal offense. In the US and Canada, the penalties are much higher.

Another point that is not taken into account, TradingView also has clear rules.

TradingView House Rules

No plagiarism. You must obtain permission from the original author. Please only create and share content that is yours alone. Do not copy or use other people's content without permission or citing its authors. Make sure you respect the legal rights for reusing content. Just like in school, copying only leads to detention, suspensions and eventually expulsion.

Serious violations TradingView

Some violations are more serious than others and can lead to an immediate permanent ban. These include plagiarism, spamming in the public library, misleading users and advertising outside of the signature field of a premium account.

Let's take a look at how CogAlpha does it:

On 02.03.25 CogAlpha wrote in my blog:

Playing around with Bionic Candles on TradingView.. Fun..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

He posted this image

Note: This means he already admits that he uses my Bionic Candle as the basis for his programming, a clear violation of copyright.

I asked him kindly: Hi CogAlpha, where can we find the Bionic Candle on TradingView? Best regards Michael

He replied:Not yet available as there are a few things I need to fix... I also wonder if you are fine with it? To be fair, I am also not sure if its exactly the same, as I dont have the actual code. But the fundamental logic should be similar, based on your explanations given.

Note: We can already see here that he has no idea what benefit the Bionic Candle brings to the individual trader.

I then wrote him the following reply: Hello CogAlpha, first of all, I think it's good that you are so honest. As described in many of my videos, the Bionic Candle is protected and a copy would constitute a copyright infringement. Since I am the developer of the Bionic Candle, I do not allow a copy for Tradingview, as the Bionic Candle should continue to be protected. If the developers of Tradingviev approach me, I will be happy to talk to them about a protected implementation of the Bionic Candle for Tradingview. The version you have developed is unfortunately not complete and will therefore not work correctly. I have no problem if you build any indicator and use it exclusively for private purposes. We both have a problem if you copy my development to use it in Tradingview or to pass it on, possibly sell it or enrich yourself financially in some way. The Bionic Candle has been protected to ensure that every trader can use it free of charge. If the Bionic Candle really helps you, you can currently only use it in MT4, MT5, ATAS and Quantower. Both ATAS and Quantower have implemented the Bionic Candle in their respective systems, and this would also apply to Tradingview. Nothing has happened yet and you have not committed any copyright infringement. Therefore, in your own interest, I ask you not to publish or share your programming. Thank you very much and continued success in trading. Best wishes, Michael

Note: I believe it has become clear that as a developer, I do not give consent for my Bionic Candle to be copied.

Reply from CogAlpha: Thank you for your message and for sharing your concerns about the Bionic Candle indicator. I appreciate your position as the original developer and your desire to protect your work.

Note: He has confirmed that he understands that I do not give consent for my Bionic Candle to be copied.

I'd like to clarify that what I've created is my own implementation based on publicly available information and explanations you've shared in your videos/Thread. Copyright law generally protects the specific expression (the actual code) rather than the underlying concepts, mathematical formulas, or trading logic that the indicator represents. While I understand your request, it's important to note that independently implementing trading logic based on publicly explained concepts is typically considered legitimate reverse engineering. The indicator I've developed for TradingView: Uses my own original code, was built based on public information, functions differently in several respects from your MT4 version.That said, I respect your work and understand your concerns about potential distribution. Thank you very much and continued success in trading. Best wishes, Chris

Note: This is cheeky and brazen, but from a legal point of view it is a mistake. In his first post with a picture, he refers to my Bionic Candle. This means that he admits that the Bionic Candle is the basis for his copyright infringement. In addition, he has already created this copyright infringement on TradingView. According to him, you could buy a Mercedes, take it apart, rebuild it with a few modifications and then sell it as your own creation. Fortunately, this is protected by copyright.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What he doesn't realize is that in addition to my Bionic candle, he also copied an indicator from cja. (https://www.forexfactory.com/cja) It looks like other members of FF are affected. He has also already clashed with two other High Impact members, emmanuel7788 and Erebus.

Here is his account at TradingView, check for yourself whether he copied an indicator from you or someone you know.

https://www.tradingview.com/u/Cognit...lished-scripts

If that is the case, inform the operators of Forex Factory and the operators of TradingView immediately. This should make his membership with FF or TradingView a thing of the past.

If a person is not creative and steals ideas in order to enrich themselves directly or indirectly, then this is often not an isolated case. He will do it again and again and at some point the law will strike with full force. Especially since CogAlpha comes from Germany and they catch such people quicker there than in other countries. Our judiciary uses his email or IP number to find his home address and this data is stored in Germany for at least 10 weeks.

If you notice anything or have further information that convicts CogAlpha of a crime, please write to me and I will show my gratitude. If several people are affected, we can also launch a class action lawsuit, which will make it a little more expensive for him.

Maybe he will learn from his mistakes and retreat, if not the law will do it. Learning through insight requires cognitive abilities (perception, imagination) of the individual. People learn through insight or pain, but when both come together it is often most effective.

The problem is this: If any idiot here on FF can steal indicators and sell them as their own creations, the really creative traders will no longer post ideas. And that's exactly what makes FF so special: the majority of traders benefit from these ideas. But to do that, we have to work together to make sure that the scammers disappear.

I'm keeping my fingers crossed for you all

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Hi Bionics, I am a fan of traders with your level of proficiency.

Question: I believe you are German. Have you seen in the news the "sweet Finanztransaktion Steuer" that the SPD is pushing for?

I mean, just after they finally took out the 20K Verlust Beschränkung, now they are into this one.

Included are Derivates (CFDs), which can potentially destroy day trading. I mean 0,2, or even 0,02, if they apply it to a leveraged Lot that would cost more than any profit could cover.

Here´s a link for that beautiful news.
Koalitionsverhandlungen: Das sind die Steuerpläne der SPD


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Video 1-8.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4096623?d=1638773602
Bionic Candle 6.3 Bionic Histogram 6.3.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4209625?d=1653304337
Bionic Templates & Indikatoren.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4209626?d=1653304338
BionicCandle 5.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4063582?d=1634737163
ProfitableStrategy_9.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4065289?d=1634891846
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4068479
Bionic Template.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4072632?d=1635771376
Bionic Template Pullback.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4074093?d=1635934051
Video 1-6.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4076040?d=1636123747
Racecar engineering F1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4100652?d=1639168423
WhatsApp Video 2021-12-17 at 21.58.32.mp4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4109263?d=1640248281
candlestick patterns in the forex market.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4161263?d=1646905699
bionic currency calculator.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4178431?d=1649166700
Average Candle.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4178430?d=1649166699
Spread_5digit.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4178432?d=1649166700
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4179857
Candles-Yearly.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4197951?d=1651717595
EURUSD Yield Triangle.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4223599?d=1655180916
Bionic Bid & Ask Total 2 Level.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4287040?d=1663163538
Ema_Bid_Ask_Pips_.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4287042?d=1663163551
Volume-Price Indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4434744?d=1680897505
