===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
EDIT: before reading this thread please note that what started out as a strategy has now evolved considerably and the focus has changed.

This has come about largely because of issues people were having with the indicator code, which did not work for people where the currency pairings had 'suffixes'. Other people had difficulty getting the arrows to appear for other reasons. In the end I was spending way too much time trying to fix individual problems and it became evident that what I originally had planned for this thread was unachievable due to too many people having issues getting the indicator to function correctly.

So the thread has changed focus and is now largely based around the ongoing development of the BTBA indicator, and how people can use it as part of their own strategy. The BTBA indicator itself has been recoded in a way that allows ANYBODY to use it on ANY currency pair, but it is not recommended to use it as a 'standalone' option.

It is best to use it as a 'confluence tool'. It is very good at indicating the current directional bias, but when used in confluence with other ideas you will have more success using it.

Much of the original Post #1 below is now shown as strikethrough as it is no longer relevant to the updated focus of this thread.

With all that being said, welcome to the thread...

Hi all. It's been many years since I posted in here, but I think I'm ready to give this another shot and share with you something I have created, which some of you might appreciate.

This below strategy has helped me pass many Prop Firm challenges, and it is my hope that it might offer people in this Community the same results.

But BEFORE we get too carried away, this strategy (like ANY strategy) is only one piece of the puzzle. Like ALL strategies, the biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK. This strategy is no different - it works well when traded responsibly.

Notes Before:

1) This strategy / indicator is designed for trading XAUUSD only - the indicator will only work when used with XAUUSD. The indicator now works with ALL currency pairs.

2) This strategy utilises a number of indicators, some of which I have taken and recoded slightly, some I have personally developed from scratch. I thank the developers of the indicators that I have 'borrowed' and then updated.

I have been a fan of a few indicators and in recent months I have combined these into a single indicator which prints an alert arrow to the screen indicating trend direction.

I call this main indicator 'Biting the Big Apple' (BTBA) as it is designed to indicate trend direction when the market is moving substantially with volume, which is best seen during the overlap of the London and NY trading sessions.

The first indicator I have incorporated into the BTBA is actually a combination of the standard MT4 indicators BullsPower and BearsPower, which I have called 'BULLBEAR HISTO'. When the histogram bar is Blue it indicates bullish power, and when the histogram is Red is indicates bearish power. This indicator just measures the absolute value of (BullsPower - BearsPower) and if the resulting value is > '0' is indicates Bulls are in control, and vice-versa.

The next indicator I have incorporated is the Waddah Attar Explosion. I use this as a trade entry filter. The arrows will only print to the screen when the blue / red histogram bars are beyond the 'Explosion' zone, as indicated by the yellow line. (Please note the version of this indicator that I used has an 'ON/OFF' button and for some reason this is not working correctly - button objects will appear on the screen but these do not work and cannot be removed. Such a pain...I will get around to fixing this eventually).

The next indicator I have incorporated is the Tick Volume (TVI) indicator, which works as an oscillator. Buy arrows will only print when the TVI is either of the two blue colours (rising), and Sell arrows will only print if the histogram is either of the two red colours (falling).

And lastly, I have recoded a Currency Strength indicator so it paints XAUUSD lines to the screen. Buy Arrows will be printed to the screen when the strength of the XAU Gold line is above above the DarkGreen USD line (and vice-versa).

When ALL FOUR of these indicators 'agree', either a White or a Black arrow will print to the screen. They work well together and help filter out bad trades much of the time.

Also combined into the main BTBA indicator are the following additional features:

- a Volume filter, which you can use so arrows only appear when the current 'Tick Volume' is beyond a certain threshold;

- a Time filter, so arrows only print between the times that you set.

The Volume filter is set at '0' as default, but for XAUUSD I find using a value of '150' is a decent value to test. But to be honest, if you are only trading the London/NY overlap, volume is already high enough to not worry about using this setting. I personally leave it at '0'.

The Time filter has 4 values:
- NY From (hour) Latest indicator version now has Start_From_Hour, Start_From_Min, End_To_Hour and End_To_Min.
- NY From (min)
- NY To (hour)
- NY To (min)

The default 'From' values are '13' and '0' (these represent the NY open time for my broker), and I use '16' and '59' as the closing 'To' values. These values pick up the bulk of the trading volume in that session, but of course they can be changed. Changing each of the 'From' values to '0' and the 'To' vales to '23' and '59' will mean arrows will appear all day. You will need to work out which values work for your broker if you want to limit them to only appear during certain session times.

STRATEGY: BUY TRADE EXAMPLE

SIMPLE!

If you see a White arrow appear on the screen at the close of a candle, open a BUY (opposite for SELL - Sell entries are indicated by a Black arrow.)

RISK SETTINGS:

I personally risk 1% of my available equity per trade, and as we are trading XAUUSD and the decimal point is different to standard currency pairs, I use a 100 pip SL, (which is equivalent to a '10' pip SL for most 'normal' pairs).

Depending on how fast the market is moving I might increase the SL. I have an EA which manages my risk and automatically places my SL as I enter a trade. If I enter '250' pips as my SL this Trade Management EA automatically adjusts the lot size to keep the risk at 1%.

I use another EA on another chart window and this monitors profit levels. It will automatically close a trade once it achieves 1.1% profit. This means I have profited my desired 1% PLUS an additional 0.1% which more than covers the spread.

I don't trade news. The strategy easily earns enough pips without taking stupid risks.

In my experience this strategy can easily gain multiple 1% profits in any single trading session. I prefer to take quick wins and bank them rather than go after a higher % return and risk the market turning and taking me out.

But yes, I know...this is a 1:1 R:R strategy, which some people may find a bit strange. But this suits me fine as I know the strategy and the indicator inside out. I have tested and refined this indicator for more than 6 months, so I have learned to trust the signals it provides and I have peace of mind that these signals will give me a win way more often than a loss, so I am okay with a 1:1.

Maybe you might have your own indicator you rely on for taking profits, i.e. Support and Resistance levels, Order Blocks and 'Fair Value Gaps' (if you are an 'ICT' trader), Fib levels etc. If a 1:1 doesn't suit you, then please, by all means, "you do you..."

I stop trading when I hit 2% profit for the day. This could take a few minutes or it might take a while. There is always plenty more on the table but I find it helps me to stay disciplined by saying 'NO' to any more than this. 2% a day is already an amazing achievement, (especially when trading a $200K prop firm account!) so why be greedy?

I also stop trading for the day if I hit 2% in losses. This rarely happens, but it can. It's important in these moments to take a break and come back fresh...(live to fight another day!)

I stop trading for the week after I hit 5%. I trade to live - I don't live to trade.

IMPORTANT: If an opposite coloured arrow appears at the close of the next candle after you have just entered a trade, TRUST THE ARROW - close your open trade, take the loss and move on.

INDICATORS: REFER TO POST #1020 for updated indicators

Attached are the following files:
- Biting the Big Apple V1.1.ex4 (main file)
- BULLBEAR HISTO.ex4
- Waddah_Attar_Explosion BT.ex4
- Tick - Volume Indicator,ex4
- Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.ex4

You will need to have all five of these in your /Indicators folder so the BTBA Indicator can work, but the only indicator you need to add to your chart window is the 'Biting the Big Apple' indicator.

Please note I am only providing .ex4 files at this time, so please do not ask for the .mq4 files. The indicator values have been tested and tweaked to the point where they offer a 'sweet spot' for consistent wins - there is no point in me offering the .mq4 file so someone can then go and change something, it's just not necessary.

If needed I have also included a Template file Biting the Big Apple.tpl which needs to go into your /Templates folder.

I have a number of other indicators I use which are useful also. One prints vertical lines to the chart at certain session times, I have a great one for showing Support and Resistance (in multiple time frames) and another which shows Fair Value Gaps (which I also use as further confluence when entering a trade). There's one that shows real-time profit / loss %, one that shows candle closing time remaining etc. I am happy to share these if need be.

SCREENSHOTS:

I have attached 4 screenshots. Screenshot 1 was the most recent session last Friday, screenshot 2 was the day before, screenshot 3 the day before that and so on.

As you will see, some days are absolute 'goldmines' when the market is trending strongly and you see white arrows forever, and on other days it meanders a bit up and down so you see a fair mix of white and black. Regardless of what is happening on any given day however, there is always the chance of picking up a solid % gain if you are trading the London close / NY open trading session.

HOUSEKEEPING:

Lastly, just the usual housekeeping stuff...

- I don't have time each day to come here and answer questions. I do plan to check in every so often, maybe a few times a week, but I am incredibly busy with many other projects so I just ask that people are patient and I will get back to you eventually. The last thread I started years ago became a bit stressful and I don't want a repeat of that this time around.

- At this stage I am not interested in making further changes to the indicator code, i.e. adding new features like push notifications and sound alerts etc. It is what it is, and it works well enough without needing to be updated. In time I may be interested in adding new features, but right now I just don't have time.

- I am not interested in letting this thread change its' focus to turning this indicator into an EA, so please don't ask.

- negative behaviour of any kind is unwelcome in this thread. Please be respectful of others in the thread.

- I am offering this to the FF community in the hope that someone will find it useful. This community has benefited me no end over the years and this is one small way I feel I can give back. For that reason I ask that people are respectful of the work that I have put into this, and use the indicator as it is intended, rather than complain about missing features etc.

And that's about it. I really hope people find this a useful tool to help bring in consistent profits.

EDIT: sorry guys, I realised just now that two of the buffers for one of the indicators I use inside BTBA were incorrect. This resulted in arrows occasionally appearing where they shouldn't. This has been updated and the previous version deleted from here. Please download the current version, Biting the Big Apple V1.1.

EDIT: December 11 2023 - LATEST INDI VERSION 2.0 NOW AVAILABLE - GO TO POST #138. Make sure you download all other indicators from that post and copy into your /Indicators folder, replacing old with new.

EDIT: December 20 2023 - LATEST INDI VERSION 3.0 NOW AVAILABLE - GO TO POST #365. Make sure you download all indicators from that post and copy into your /Indicators folder, replacing old with new.

EDIT: December 22 2023 - LATEST INDI VERSION 3.1 NOW AVAILABLE - GO TO POST #413. This version has slightly modified code along with added exit alert arrow options.

EDIT: December 28 2023 - LATEST INDI VERSION 3.2 NOW AVAILABLE - GO TO POST #445. Make sure you download all other indicators from that post and copy into your /Indicators folder, replacing old with new. DELETE ALL PREVIOUS INDICATORS / TEMPLATES AS THESE ARE NO LONGER BEING SUPPORTED.

EDIT: January 10 2024 - LATEST INDI VERSION 4.0 NOW AVAILABLE - GO TO POST #615. Make sure you download all other indicators from that post and copy into your /Indicators folder, replacing old with new. DELETE ALL PREVIOUS INDICATORS / TEMPLATES AS THESE ARE NO LONGER BEING SUPPORTED.

EDIT: January 15 2024 - LATEST INDI VERSION 4.5 NOW AVAILABLE - GO TO POST #663. Make sure you download all other indicators from that post and copy into your /Indicators folder, replacing old with new. DELETE ALL PREVIOUS INDICATORS / TEMPLATES AS THESE ARE NO LONGER BEING SUPPORTED.

EDIT: March 26 2024 - LATEST INDI VERSION 5.0 NOW AVAILABLE - GO TO POST #909. Make sure you download all other indicators from that post and copy into your /Indicators folder, replacing old with new. DELETE ALL PREVIOUS INDICATORS / TEMPLATES AS THESE ARE NO LONGER BEING SUPPORTED.

EDIT: April 2 2024 - LATEST INDI VERSION 5.2 NOW AVAILABLE - GO TO POST #937. Make sure you download all other indicators from that post and copy into your /Indicators folder, replacing old with new. DELETE ALL PREVIOUS INDICATORS / TEMPLATES AS THESE ARE NO LONGER BEING SUPPORTED.

EDIT: April 29 2024 - LATEST INDI VERSION 6.0 NOW AVAILABLE - GO TO POST #1020. Make sure you download all other indicators from previous posts and copy into your /Indicators folder, replacing old with new. DELETE ALL PREVIOUS INDICATORS / TEMPLATES AS THESE ARE NO LONGER BEING SUPPORTED.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
excellent thread

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Subscribed good luck

--- 帖子 #4 ---
EDIT:

Sorry guys, I realised just now that two of the buffers for one of the indicators I use inside BTBA were incorrect. This resulted in arrows occasionally appearing where they shouldn't.

This has been updated and the previous version deleted from here. Please download the current version, Biting the Big Apple V1.1.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
For 'ICT' traders who know about 'Liquidity Sweeps etc, here is an interesting example of how the BTBA indicator can work without the need for waiting for an FVG (Fair Value Gap) to be retested.

Sometimes FVG's might appear but the market quickly takes off and doesn't come back to 'rebalance' the imbalance.

In the attached screenshot showing a recent London open (red vertical line), you can see a sweep of the previous swing high from just before the session open, and then the market direction quickly reverses.

In this instance, if I am an ICT trader I would ignore the White BUY arrows just after the session open, I then wait for a liquidity sweep to happen, and as soon as this is confirmed I take the first Black arrow SELL signal. This move generated around 40 pips of potential profit inside half an hour.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
hello, kindly help with coding i dont know anything about coding,just got it from ai, but they have errors,thanks in advance and a green week for you
Attached File(s)   1.pdf

33 KB
|
738 downloads

Attached File(s)   2.pdf

38 KB
|
464 downloads

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Sorry, what you are asking is not related to this thread and I don't have available time to assist with this.

Let's keep this thread focussed on the topic at hand, please.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Gday kirkleaforex Im liking this mate! Surprised there has not been any feedback as yet.....

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Thanks Aussie Phil, welcome aboard!

I am planning to show some live results in here at some point this week, all going well...that might get some people's juices flowing?

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Interesting strategy. Subscribed & thank you

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Hello kirkleaforex , I tried to put indicator on the chart and my mt4 terminal freeze...after restarting my mt4 terminal, it mention ' Filename Has Been Change - Indicator Haulting '

any suggestion to fix this issue?

thanks

--- 帖子 #12 ---
I loaded up everything but don't seem to have any arrow indication. Any advise?

thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Hi citadella88, thanks for being here.

Can I check with you first that you are using the correct file version? There is an updated file (Biting the Big Apple V1.1) available above in both Posts 1 and 4 which should work. Let me know.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Yes, I follow all the instruction above...I just find out that indicator actually work well on symbol 'XAUUSD' without any suffix , but can't run if xauusd symbol have suffix in there ex. xauusd.lp etc

hope this help..thanks

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Nice Thread! Subscribed!

--- 帖子 #16 ---
"I personally risk 1% of my available equity per trade, and as we are trading XAUUSD and the decimal point is different to standard currency pairs, I use a 100 pip SL, (which is equivalent to a '10' pip SL for most 'normal' pairs).

Depending on how fast the market is moving I might increase the SL. I have an EA which manages my risk and automatically places my SL as I enter a trade. If I enter '250' pips as my SL this Trade Management EA automatically adjusts the lot size to keep the risk at 1%.

I use another EA on another chart window and this monitors profit levels. It will automatically close a trade once it achieves 1.1% profit. This means I have profited my desired 1% PLUS an additional 0.1% which more than covers the spread."

thank you for your system

is it possible to have your expert that you use for money management?

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Your currency strengh don't work in my broker I have like suffix GOLD not XAUUSD

--- 帖子 #18 ---
I'm in

--- 帖子 #19 ---
put the the indicator bitting the big apple 1.1 manually from navigator....

--- 帖子 #20 ---
I am unsure how to help those who are having issues with the indicator due to the XAUUSD issue, so here is a version where that portion of the code has been removed.

It is still fairly reliable in producing quality arrows, and this also means people can now trade this system on any pair. What would be better is if I substitute that code with the original Currency Strength code, but that will be for another time, this will do for now.

I will add it here: indicator is called 'Biting the Big Apple ALL PAIRS.ex4'

Keep in mind I have not tested this indicator on anything other than XAUUSD, so test on DEMO only please, and test on pairs with tight spreads where possible. I am not responsible for any losses you might incur using this on pairs other than XAUUSD.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Great thread, all loaded and using successfully, thanks

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Hi oomidian, thanks for being here.

I use the latest version of the Forex Trade Manager MT4 (v3.37) which is a paid EA available from the Market, link is below. It costs USD$99.00 to buy or you can rent it by the month.

There might be free experts out there that do similar things, but I love this EA and I am happy I bought it, it takes much of the emotion out of trading for me. Simply enter your stop loss value and your % risk and it does all the heavy lifting with calculating lot size, but it has many more features than just this alone.

https://www.mql5.com/en/market/product/37228

--- 帖子 #23 ---
That's awesome pet3250, thanks for your feedback.

Feel free to post some screenshots of any results you are getting and sharing your experience with all of us in here.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
at what times did you make the trades?

--- 帖子 #25 ---
First result

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #26 ---
This trade just closed out, the accuracy of the arrows is very good.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Hi CurryChicken, sorry for missing your post earlier, I skipped right past it!

To be honest I am unsure what might be causing this, but in the interim you might want to the try the version I just posted which has the Currency Strength code removed? You will find it in Post 20 above (or in the attachments area). It is called Biting the Big Apple ALL PAIRS.ex4.

Hope that helps for now...I hope to eventually find the time to amend the XAUUSD portion of the code and revert it back to the standard Currency Strength code which would be better for everyone.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Amazing first result, Go5! Welcome to the thread and thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Great work, pet3250! Thanks for sharing your trade result and screenshot with us all. So glad it is working for you.

You gotta love the NY trading session, hey!?  When it moves, it really moves.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Why didn't you sell at the first black arrow right away?

What made you wait?

--- 帖子 #31 ---
would it be possible to get the currency strength lines indicator unlocked to use other pairs?

--- 帖子 #32 ---
pet3250 try using the indi I posted a short time ago for now, it has the XAUUSD portion of the code removed and does work on any pair. It will give signals slightly earlier in some instances though, and these might be false, so just be aware of that.

As I find some more time I will code up a version that incorporates the original Currency Strength indi code for use on all 28 normal pairs (but that one won't work on Gold).

--- 帖子 #33 ---
OK I have made my 2.2% and as I live in Australia and it is almost 2am here I am heading back to bed.

Thanks everyone for contributing, it's great to have you all here.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
I came to the chart at 15:20 (broker time) and saw nearby support, so waited for clearing...

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Kindly, whats the logic of the entry arrows? Asking because I use TradingView as my platform

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Great work Kirkleaforex and congratulations on creating a strategy that works for prop trading and sharing with everyone here so respect to that! I see on the screenshots provided they are all on the m1 timeframe; is this the predominate timeframe that you use as in its the most effective or is it just for illustrative purposes? I like to trade gold on the 15m and can see that it looks very profitable based on today's movements on the 15m so just wanted to get your take on trading timeframes if you actually have one?

--- 帖子 #37 ---
MachineLearning, this is covered in Post 1,  in basic terms at least.

For me it was about trying to combine several indicators that i like using into one in a way that limited false entries and mainly shows strong entries.

if you place all 5 indicators on your chart and watch on the M1 you will see the logic at work in real time. From there hopefully you can code something similar in Pinescript.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
ty

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Hi Mojmus, thanks for your comments and welcome to the thread.

I have always tended to gravitate to the M1 TF as I am a scalper at heart, always have been my whole trading life. For me this works best when traded on the M1 as that suits my style, and I can get in and out relatively quickly without having to stare at my screens.

I have never tested this on higher TF's though, so anybody using this on a higher TF will need to test it for themselves as I have no data to support it working as well as I see it working on the M1. But by all means if you are seeing it has potential on higher TF's then that's awesome. SL will obviously need to be placed further away but the potential pip reward is far greater for those willing to try it out.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
This will be my last post for today until the NY trading session later, I have a full day ahead.

For those interested in Prop Trading, starting next week I will be opening a new DEMO on FTMO (demo only as I want to encourage newcomers to this strategy to test on demo only along with me) and I will post screenshots of results.

FTMO demo challenge account will be a 200K USD. All trade settings will be as per my strategy: risk per trade 1%, SL placed at 100 pips (or possibly further away depending on the current ATR and how fast the market is moving) with TP at 1%. No news trading. I will cease trading when account hits 2% profit in a session OR if it hits 2% loss in a session. Ultimate goal is to PASS the demo challenge within the week.

Hopefully next week people following along in here will see how straightforward and potentially lucrative this strategy can be and they can begin to understand how they can incorporate these signals into their own setup. It is not difficult to pass a challenge, I have done it enough times to know this, so let's get this thread going next week and join with me in a weekly challenge to pass a prop firm demo challenge together.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
This is an awesome tool. Thank you for sharing. Looking forward to seeing your progress with that demo prop firm account.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Hi everyone, im interested by learning how to trade, I have some basics, im on trading view, I don't know on which software, site or application I can integrate the shared files, may someone help me to become free!

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Hi rayan1708.

While this thread is not the place to openly discuss this topic, perhaps I can steer you to Baby Pips. They have an excellent module-based learning system which is ideal for people new to Forex.

https://www.babypips.com/learn/forex

Please keep in your mind at all times though, there is NO SYSTEM that will guarantee financial freedom on its own. Systems work only as far as the user will allow them to, meaning you have to put the work in to achieve a certain mindset. You need to learn how to manage risk and overcome feelings of fear, greed, stress etc.

Baby Pips covers this in their online training.

Best of luck, mate.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
The end result of you combining the indicators seems to me to be a potentially very profitable scaling in strategy which can limit the initial risk and provide exponential returns by adding on each extra arrow.

It's very easy to lose when you go all in on one position but this game comes down to risk management and in terms of adding to initial positions this strategy looks very good.

Sort of surprised you don't use that money management approach but each to their own.

Hats off from Manly to Newcastle - thx for posting your strategy!

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Have you had any luck replicating with TV?

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Hey silversurfer, thanks for your input and for your comments..

To be honest I have never even considered scaling into positions with this strategy, it has just not crossed my mind. Perhaps a 0.25% risk per arrow over 4 consecutive arrows would work, or something similar. As you say, 'each to their own'.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Hey axecap, thanks for joining in the discussion.

I am unsure if you are asking this question of MachineLearn or myself? If me, then I have not had much time to scratch myself lately, let alone turn to converting this indi into Pinescript. I hope to do this some day, the TV community is massive and this might be appreciated over there.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Hi Kirklea was missing you since your thread Simple Correlation Indicator System . Definitely subscribed here. Nice job.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Great to have you part of this latest project, teapeak. Thanks for subscribing. I look forward to your involvement here.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Please note I will not be trading today's NY session as I have a full day's driving tomorrow and I am having an early night (NY session for me is from midnight where I am here in Australia).

I look forward to getting back to this thread and answering any questions as soon as I am back in front of my computer, hopefully tomorrow but possibly Thursday.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hi everyone, just noticed this thread and love what I am seeing so far. Just wanted to mention to the people having issues with the template, it is because in the template the file name is Biting The Big Apple, however the indicator filename is Biting The Big Apple v 1.1, change the filename and all is good

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Great work Kirkleaforex, will come back after NY tomorrow when I have tried out more.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Thanks so much clarkestrack for picking this up, this totally slipped my mind when i updated the indi. When I am back at my computer I will update the Template file.

Appreciate your input - welcome to the thread.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
This is what I got so far, and looking good.

Difference being I have to manually check all entry conditions, as arrows appear regardless.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Edit - Here is a link to the layout I'm using (you will need TV pro because of many indicators)

Edit - Added Tick Data

Edit - Updated overlay - Changed Momentum indicator to "TrendVolume" - All else is same wait for conditions to line up

https://www.tradingview.com/chart/ZEPlv6x6/

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Very much appreciated will have a look through . Thanks

--- 帖子 #57 ---
kirkleaforex,

first of all thanks for all the work you have done and shared so far.

You wrote in post no. 1 "Please note I am only providing .ex4 files at this time, so please do not ask for the .mq4 files.", so I would like to ask if it's possible to expand BTBA inputs for an option to allow showing an infinite number of signals (arrows) on the M1 chart. Currently, there is a hard limit around 4000-5000 candles. The reason I ask is so that we can visually back-test more than 3-4 days in the past on a M1 timeframe.

I'm backtesting by combining other indicators that you shared, but it is very time-consuming and error-prone compared to BTBA arrow signals.

Thanks upfront,

b.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
bopuc, thanks for your input and welcome to the thread.

This option is definitely possible, and something I will work on tonight. I see value in offering this additional input for testing so it is definitely something I am happy to accommodate.

Stay tuned

--- 帖子 #59 ---
In reply to bopuc request for unlimited arrow signals, unfortunately my coding skills are still limited and I have not figured a way to add 'infinite' signals as yet.

What I have managed to do however is add an input variable 'MAX_BARS_BACK' which can be adjusted to your preference (default value is '5000' bars). This seems to work when I test it, but please test it yourselves and tell me if you notice any bugs.

Please note I am not updating the .tpl file. If you find this latest update useful please update your own templates to include this latest version.

EDIT: please try downloading again. Found a bug which has now been fixed.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Is there a way to translate mt4 indicators to mt5?

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Hello Kiekleaforex,

Thank you for sharing your amazing work! Not many people are willing to share this kind of info...so I truly appreciate it.

Is it possible for you to post some example trades which you will be taking this week? This will help with how you make decisions (visual is always better)

For example how you will trade in the below screenshot (choppy scenario) if your first 2 trades hit 10 pip stop then you skip the day and trade the next day?

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Hi mb2491, thanks for joining us.

While the BTBA can be used as a standalone indi, I think it can just as easily be viewed as a tool that offers insight into directional bias for that given moment, and it works best when that moment is showing strong volume (i.e. during London close / NY open crossover).

If you already have a strategy, adding this tool to your arsenal can work by adding 'confluence' to support your trading decisions.

In that screenshot you have posted, the first two trades (plus more shortly afterwards) look like losers, which means if you were trading the strategy I have outlined in this thread verbatim you would quit for the day and return the following day (as long as there was no news happening during either trading session!)

But later in that screenshot there was a really nice down move which you could have jumped on if you were simply using the BTBA as a confluence tool - it could support a trade decision you were thinking of taking as part of your overall strategy.

The screenshot does not give any context to timeframe or exactly when that move was happening, but if I can assume it is the M1 TF and it this all happened shortly after the NY open, then for me personally I would wait for a strong push in one direction (possible sweep of a recent high just prior to the session open time), wait for an opposing FVG to form, and then sell at the first closing Black arrow with SL placed above the prior swing high.

But I mainly trade ICT (clarification, I trade my own strategy using several ICT concepts for my entries). The BTBA indi helps me when it supports an ICT-based trade setup that I see happening.

And yes, I do plan on providing screenshots of trades I am taking, but I have not been trading lately due to other commitments I have had. I am planning on doing an FTMO demo challenge this coming week though, using just the signals, and you can expect a lot of screenshots then. I just hope that the thinning December trade volume doesn't make things too challenging!

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Nice little scalp to start the morning - it’s not NY Open though so I trailed tightly

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Thank you so much for quick response! Indeed it is M1 and NY open chart (5 Dec). Thanks for sharing the insight.

Looking forward to your screenshots

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Nice work mate!

I like how you have managed to code yourself a TV version which is working for you. Thanks for sharing your result, and congrats.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Thanks for sharing your system! And yeah it will obviously vary a little but it sounds like that’s the case with everyone. There’s some discretion to the system when you start applying other concepts like ICT and market structures.

At its core the TV version is very similar and captures the fundamentals of this system - which is capturing gold volatility in ideal trend conditions. However, I plan on adding additional features to get it as close as possible.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
First of all I want to thank KirkLeaforex for sharing this awesome trading method and I am testing and its results are truly great and I hope to start sharing my screenshots in future.

Hi MachineLearn, Thanks for sharing your screenshot and I appreciate it. Please what indicator are you using as the strength indicator in the tradingview?

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hi I did some test trades now-today not exact < LO close NY open > as was not behind my computer-see attached picture. What I only added to this strategy is Supply - Demand zones and take trades based on this with support of your arrows. Yellow lines are marked as my potential entries and last 2 lines are executed. All 2 trades nice win.  |Keep testing more. Thanks Kirklea for this nice system.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Is what marks the colored supports and resistances an indicator?

Could you share it?

Why are some arrows blue/red?

Many thanks..

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Thank you for the helpful posts so far.

I wasn't able to share in the winnings today. I still lack my own orientation in the system.

By that I mean: don't jump on every arrow but maintain the previous successful routines.

I think the system has great potential.

Good luck to everyone who has already traded. More coming soon.

By the way, I'm on a good run right now, looks like V.

XAUUSD M1 -compare HA smoothed and normal candle Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #71 ---
yes it is made by the indicator and these arrows are also. But as I said it is just tool added for me to this nice system. If Kirklea is not against I can post it here as I dont want to mess his thread. Or I can send in private. Pls confirm.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Took one more winning trade. Looks pretty consistent even as not in LO and NY timeframe. Will testing more.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
How far back should we be comparing gold to USD when looking at currency strength indicator?

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Spaghetti Indicator

--- 帖子 #75 ---
And last one for today

--- 帖子 #76 ---
kirkleaforex,

Just to let you know the MAX_BARS_BACK option works flawlessly.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Thanks teapeak, please go ahead and share.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Here.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
It excites me to see people looking at ways they can incorporate this indi into their own strategy, and this is a great example of this. Congrats on some nice wins there, teapeak!

I see this thread possibly evolving in 2 different directions, and both are equally worth covering:

1) trade the strategy as it has been outlined at the start in Post 1, only using the arrows during NY open session and taking small % wins, and;

2) explore ways in which the indi can be incorporated as part of a greater overall strategy that people are already using and are comfortable with.

I think as long as the end user is maintaining a healthy mindset and is managing risk, not over-trading, not revenge trading after a loss etc, then I am happy to support people sharing their own ideas of how best this indi is working for them.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Hi everyone. Maybe i am making a error..but i dont know where. Could you please help me ? i can´t see borow front of my chart

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Wow Isabella, I like how you are using HA candles with this, that's really cool. Thanks for sharing your screenshots.

Best of luck with continued testing and learning how and when to enter for best results. The BTBA arrows will highlight the potential for a good entry, but using your own discretion might improve your win rate. HA candles are a nice touch.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Thanks for clarifying kirklea appreciate it. I setup a new demo account and have traded over the past two days using the indicator on the minute timeframe and attach the results so far. Basically I am just trading between support and resistance levels and incorporating fibo levels at the same time and use a semafor to exit the trades. I started stacking 1 lot on every arrow but found it more beneficial to increase the initial quantity on first execution and not to add additional trades, which has worked well but you need to have good risk mangement for this. I left a trade running overnight based on the 15 minute timeframe and it was a very profitable trade so will test a few more examples but so far so good. As per all trading on demo it's not the same as trading a live account but from what I am seeing so far I'm convinced you've created a great indicator that has unlimted potent and a great addition to any strategy and I thank you sincerely for sharing that with the community sir. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #83 ---
what’s the length on the mt4 indicator!?

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Thanks again for your tool I can use in my trading. I will dig deeper in LO close and NY open time-frame as you described in post 1 for sure. As was too excited with your new thread I just wanted to try this system ASAP and there were the time I started to use it and added this S&D indie for more confidence. And looks quite good and consistence also in this way so I will test both directions. Maybe we can expand to LO open time-frame also. Will see. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hi majklicek, thanks for joining in this thread.

By 'error', are you referring to the pop up window saying you do not have enough History with the Currency Strength indicator?

--- 帖子 #86 ---
MachineLearn I am not 100% sure what you are asking, sorry.

To go back to your earlier question about how far back we should be comparing Gold to USD when looking at currency strength indicator, I am only ever interested in what is happening RIGHT NOW during the current candle, anything that happened before this is old information and can be ignored.

Perhaps you can private message me about this if I am not understanding you correctly?

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Mojmus this is awesome, thanks for sharing your results. This is really exciting to see.

I totally agree with you, demo is never the same as trading live, but in the early stages of getting comfortable with something new it is necessary to test and learn to trust that something is reliable. After that I think it is good to move from demo to live but maybe start with a small account, limit the lot size, etc.

I wish you continued success!

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hello kirkleaforex,

Thank you for sharing this system with us. I have tested the system today during NY and it yielded good results with a proper SL in place. I too will be testing the system to see how I can pass a prop firm challenge.  I will be sharing screenshots here once i finish my testing and go on to the challenge.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Hi pixleboy, welcome to you and thanks for joining this thread.

I am excited that you had good results so far and I look forward to you sharing more results and screenshots very soon.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
I have opened a $200k demo account with FTMO ready for monday to friday 'challenge'

--- 帖子 #91 ---
This is really exciting Mwangi, let's do this!

Welcome to the thread, mate.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Can you share the indicators and settings you used for TV? When i look at your link it doesn't properly reflect anything like your screenshot.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Quick message to the thread followers...

Anybody who has been trading for a while will already know this, but it is worth reminding people to please keep in mind that as we are now well into December, trading volume will start to thin and this brings the potential for volatility.

The usual trade setups we see playing out and enjoy trading will most likely dry up, markets will start to consolidate and finding opportunities for profit will start to feel more challenging than usual.

If you are following along and using the BTBA indi on a LIVE account right now you are doing so at your own risk. It is recommended to trade DEMO only until January when volume starts to return to the market.

Having said that, it also means it is the perfect time to practice something new and get to know how this indi works!

Trade safely, people.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
first win for today

short will describe my tradingstyle XAUUSD (prefered M5-H4)

- I use 3-4 timelines the day - BrokerTime 10:30 (MEZ 09:30=30Min after LO-opening); 15:30 (MEZ 14:30); 16:30 (MEZ 15:30)

all nearly, may differ 1h-30Min

- during trading observation of different timeframes and candletypes

- MM entry via EA, first priority equity, second balance. 1%, in case of small account fixes $.

- fundamentals: no newstrading, brokers rules marked via vertical black lines

observation via Stooq daily correlations like USDIndex, XAUUSD, S&PMini,GER40,UKBrent,BondYields 30y,10y,2y; in case of trading FX add them.
Result XAUUSD M1 long 10:06:12 BT (Brokertime) - 10:49:32, other data see pic. Doubt 10:30 BT, prices went down, any hope for further rise?

yes, its a try: see stooq, Oil up, USDIndex under XAU, falling yields. (not to overcrowd this thread- in case anybode wishes to see, I will show it)

Here the docu
entry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

result
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

whish you all happy trading

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Isabella_D WOW!

I have no words really, that was a nice trade with a nice profit. You know a lot more about fundamentals than I do. Congratulations!

--- 帖子 #96 ---
My second timeline (sorry - no time for good trades, will come back about 5 hours later)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #97 ---
please share trading view indicator/script. Thanks

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hi Kirklea,

did you try to solve this suffix problem as described in post 11?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #99 ---
missing Vola to trade since some days.

but that is the real topic of this thread. So better to wait.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Hello Good People,

I had a 1.5% gain on XAU/USD today. Unfortunately, the FTMO demo account has a lot of latency and issues this morning NY session. It froze several times and didn't allow me to manage and place trades. I am almost sure I would have hit the 2% target today if my confidence was not shattered by server connectivity issues.

@Isabella_D - Thank you for sharing your fundamental's and trade time allocations. I will monitor to see if the time also adds to the edge in this system.

Best,

Pixleboy

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Agreed, NY was a bit choppy early on and there were a few losses in the first 30mins of trade if you were solely relying on the BTBA arrows. Some nice moves after this.

Definitely a time to use discretion.

Interestingly there have been some nice clear moves early on in the London session this week. Perhaps it is worth testing the London open?

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Nice gain mate, well done. Shame about the platform giving you grief though.

I do know TFT (The Funded Trader) has recently introduced their demo account option, might be worth trying? I have not tried it so can't comment.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Hi teapeak. I believe it was actually 19monza64 in Post 17 who was having trouble with the suffix issue?

But either way, no I have not had time to look at any coding this week, and probably won't now until this coming week.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
TradingView version shaping up great. Here's the valid trades from today using this version. (Gray background is NY Session) Thanks for the system again

Layout: https://www.tradingview.com/chart/ZEPlv6x6/

--- 帖子 #105 ---
This system is insanely accurate, I've dropped all other systems for the time being. One thing I really want to echo a key component that you mentioned. The initial influx of volume that hits the market in the first moments of open truly create the best opportunities. Instead of using arbitrary percentages for daily profit targets, I would highly recommend traders to leverage everything they can from the first trade and stop trading after that. Even though the win rate isn't bad after the first trade, it just isn't worth the risk. The first trade on the TV version is like 90% accurate in determining the short term market direction, but the real trick is knowing when to exit. This is where Heikin-Ashi can become a valuable tool. BullsVsBears kind of syncs with HA, so this could potentially work as well, however I took this part of the system out as it seemed redundant. Very great system, can't wait to share results of tomorrow trade/s.

Thanks again Kirk

--- 帖子 #106 ---
I can feel your excitement, MachineLearn. It is the same way I feel also.

Thanks for your enthusiasm and best wishes for the upcoming trading session!

--- 帖子 #107 ---
By missing Vola I meant H4. A prisoner of a small range for 2 weeks apart from the enormous breakaway. Forgive an old donkey who likes to look at other Tf to see where the journey could go. However, this thread is about the short crack, it's better to look there.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Today I took a closer look at what could score points when sorting the black/white arrows.

??? The length of the 1st candle with arrow, the frequency of the consecutive arrows, the density of the arrows, the 1st arrow after changing the range black/white, wait for one arrow and only take the second one?
Lots of stars in the sky - which perhaps don't even want to be sorted statistically, but just shine.

Today I'll just do it very stoically: black and white with MiniLot, just let it go and then count whether the rabbit still has four legs.

I'm curious to hear how far others are in choosing arrows. With thanks I have already read some of the hints here.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Hi Isabella,

The Fib-Extension indicator that you're using, is it linked to a ZigZag and if so, would you mind sharing it, please?

Thanks for replying.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Hi Kirklea,

What you have done and continue to do, is what we call "Paying forward" and that proves to me that you are an incredibly kindhearted person.

I wish you continued success in your endeavours.

Sincerely,
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
One trade from the morning to see how performing during LO. It was a bit sooner entry didn't wait for the white candle to appear.....

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hello pixleboy,

Kirkle suggested using the FTMO demo in the near future to see how the system of this thread works in reality. I am looking forward to that. You didn't have a good impression of FTMO and you mentioned the reasons for that.

I think FTMO is very clever and I'll explain my motivation because some people are looking for a continuation after the experimental challenge. (see also HUB at FF) Where are the sticking points of a PropFirm?

- Consistency (do they just want your entry fee or really partnership)

- if you buy cheap, you buy twice (cheap entry fee vs. daily draw down, disguised obstacles like watermark...)

- quick, competent accessibility - connected broker (spread, slippage, overnight costs)

conclusion: FTMO is an established, fair company, with excellent educational opportunities (no additional costs), excellent leadership and communication. The execution of the trades is ok for Europe. In the Seychelles... you can get better there, but as I said: satisfactory. Yesterday I used FTMO too, Server 3 - no probs. Of course I am open for other PropFirms.

Slip, Spread, frozen ...You are deeper into the matter. I check the execution using two Indis (Pip Counter (Andrea) and DonForexSmartinfo, see pic. I've already seen spreads from 9-40. Also Slip Gold 40 Pip without news or other reason. Everything is still manageable. Of course, this will also play a role in the level of the minSL, 100 pips might not be enough to get entry.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thx for attention to timelines. Will monitor from time to time.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
[quote=Hercs;14682882]{quote} Hallo Isabella, der Fib-Extension-Indikator, den Sie verwenden, ist mit einem ZigZag verknüpft und wenn ja, würden Sie ihn bitte teilen? Danke für Ihre Antwort. Hercs.[/quote

so pm me how to send, I will not overcrowd the thread with bythewayinformations

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Hello kirkleaforex and others,

Firstly thanks for the work and findings you have done and shared, it looks great and I appreciate the great and friendly vibes in this thread.

Also thanks to all others for sharing results and findings. I am now using Tradingview so I am looking into this, also thanks to MachineLearn for pioneering

this.

@MachineLearn : The TV link you posted is that indicators you coded or could I somehow run this on my TV Pro myself?

Does it generate arrows/signals or? ( I dont see the arrows as in your image in post 104).

Anyhow looking forward to test this strategy, have a great weekend all.

PC

--- 帖子 #114 ---
And 2 quick scalps before the news

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Hello pipcruiser,

TradingView is a little weird when sharing full sets of indicators, later today when I’m home I’ll share a list detailing all indicators and settings. This way if the template doesn’t work you can just manually add in the indicators, there’s only about 4,5 or so…

Also has alerts

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Hi guys,

What margin do you reccomend for every trade considering a 10k Ftmo account with 1:100 leverage?

(I know this is 99% stupid question and I'm sorry for that)

Thanks and have a good day!

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Thanks buddy!

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Hello, Isabella_D, I discovered the issue after talking with a few FTMO people here in the USA. I have extremly high latency to the FTMO servers regardless of the type of internet connection I use. Currently on a fiber optic connection I have 110ms to DC2 and 173ms to DC3 server which makes my connection really choppy and trading experience with them a poor one. It looks like I will need to get a VPS but I am not sure how I will be able to use multi monitors for my other strategy. Anyways, this is my homework for the weekend. Thank you for your  insights.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
System performing as expected this morning

Took 2 trades, will update when home..

--- 帖子 #120 ---
[quote=pixleboy;14683249]{quote} ...It looks like I will need to get a VPS but I am not sure how I will be able to use multi monitors for my other strategy. ...

fingers crossed. If you still need tips, ask Michael. He trades in the ultra-short term and uses extensive technology.
https://www.forexfactory.com/bionics

or Hub
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...-hub?page=1356

at least FTMO

not least the technical people at FTMO - always very open

--- 帖子 #121 ---
I seem to have lost the arrows, none coming up on the charts. They were appearing until today so the indicators are still there. Anybody else had this happen?

--- 帖子 #122 ---
On MT4 or TV

--- 帖子 #123 ---
MT4, is it available on trading view? thanks for the reply.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
XAUUSD M1

MT4 works well. Maybe you have any additional Indi?Or EA?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #125 ---
I sorted it out, now, loaded a fresh version and its working again

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Hi Isabella D

Did you test this system yourself ?

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Good morning, thread.

6:20am here and i am just waking up to see there has been a lot of posts in here, which is nice to see.

I would like to reply however today is a big day and i have much to do...my father-in-law turns 80 and my nephew turns 12 months on the same day, there is a big party planned. Four generations meeting together to celebrate. I will have time on Sunday to return here and answer.

I am excited about the challenge starting Monday. Don't forget there is a new demo challenge now available through TFT (The Funded Trader) if people want to try this new option instead of FTMO.

Enjoy your weekend, everyone.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Hi Mhmdghaeni,

nice to see you here. Yes, I have tested it.

What was important to me was not how much money I could earn, but rather how I was able to read the charts and "translate them into trades". I'm done with that and will take part in the challenge (demo-exercise) announced here on Monday. I would encourage you to come here too if you have time.

Have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #129 ---
That sounds beautiful. Have fun with each other. I wish you alle peace and a happy time, especially for your dear relatives' birthday.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Thanks so much kirkleaforex for your forum and an excellent strategy for sharing to the entire community, I can see excellent potential if we utilize well. I tried GC few trades this morning. Nice results.

Thanks again and God bless you and your family.

|

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Thanks so much MachineLearn for your Trading view chart, looks amazing, need to explore , I tried few GC contracts today, your indicators collections were phenomenal you have covered "Biting the Big Apple on your TV template", Greatly appreciated. I need to explore more on your indicators in the template.  I am trying to cusstomize with different assets tick data to trade Indices ( NQ/ES/YM) Energy ( CL,NG). Once I learned your TV template and related indicators I will try.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
the indicator will only work when used with XAUUSD.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Thank you for Reply

Pretty sure I will be here .

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Very busy yesterday, will try to get something to you guys today…

--- 帖子 #135 ---
If you could provide links to these indicators as well as settings, that would be great. I can code this into one TW signal indicator.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
wow  that would be great

--- 帖子 #137 ---
This is the arrow indicator based off of volume and momentum like the OP.
Uncheck background colors and Change spike markers to white

https://www.tradingview.com/script/b...Arrow-Entries/

For the currency strength , I've been correlating the 14 Period RSI between EURUSD and GOLD and using this deviation as a measurement of strength. Use this indicator and change one ticker to XAUUSD and one ticker to EURUSD, and then change the color of XAU to gold, and the other one gray

https://www.tradingview.com/script/c...SI-Compare-X2/

For TICK data, I'm using a script that shows live tick data only useable during live market..Using the arrow on the indicator window I move this to the top of my screen
https://www.tradingview.com/script/S...Data-Detailed/

For WAE I'm using TradingViews most popular WAE script and you can keep it default, or change colors to your liking..
https://www.tradingview.com/script/d...losion-V2-SHK/

The way I use the system on TV is as follows (for long):

During NY Open I wait for Gold's strength to rise as USD falls. This will be found on the currency strength indicator and gold should be above 50 making an upward direction and EURUSD should be below 50...

The WAE should be above the the explosion zone and be green...Better if it's the first bar crossing the explosion level

If both of those things are true we enter on an up arrow signal, using Heikin Ashi candles

There's obviously some more things, but you can learn apply as you will

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Hello thread. Hope you each had an amazing weekend.

For those following along with XAUUSD only I have a little gift for you, which is an updated indi version (Biting the Big Apple V2.0) allowing a user greater control of the indi by allowing you to experiment with different values for some of the indicators.

The available list of input fields is now as follows: (please note I am unable to offer input fields for the Waddah Attar indi as there are just too many and it would make this all too confusing for users).

1) PLOT_MAX_BARS_BACK - set this value to how many bars back in history you want arrows to appear (ideal for backtesting). Default is '5000';

Entry Alert Inputs - the following input values are related to trade entries only

2) BullBearPeriod input field - now you can enter your own BULLBEAR HISTO period value to test with your own strategy - default is '13';

3) 3 x TVI (Tick Volume Indicator) input fields - tickR, tickS and tickU - you can test these out also - default values are '13', '13', and '3';

4) TickVolumeHistory - default is '5000'. Change this value to ensure arrows appear as far back as you need them to. It is best to match this value to the PLOT_MAX_BARS_BACK value above.

5) VolumeThreshold - will limit arrows appearing based on the MT4 Tock Volume for each candle. Default set to '0' as I personally don't use it, but it could be useful in filtering out arrow alerts if you only want high volume tick value arrow alerts appearing;

Exit Alert Inputs - the following input values are related to trade exits only.

Note: these potential exit alert signals are based on the Stochastic Oscillator being 'Overbought' and 'Oversold', which I appreciate is not everyone's 'cup of tea'. In particular when there is a very strong move happening in one direction and the Oscillator values are hitting these extreme values continuously for an extended period of time, there will be many 'misleading' exit alerts appearing. As such if you would prefer these alerts did not appear you can always change the Blue and Red colour values in the BTBA indicator settings to 'None'.

6) StochK - the value of the Stochastic Oscillator %K period value - default value is '144';

7) StochD - the value of the Stochastic Oscillator %D period value - default value is '3';

8) StochSlowing - the value of the Stochastic Oscillator Slowing period value - default value is '3';

9) StochBuyExit - can be used as a potential BUY exit strategy. When there is a RED 'X" appearing, consider closing your trade. This alert will only appear if the Oscillator value hits an Overbought value of '100' at the close of a candle;

10) StochSellExit - as above, but for Sell Exit. When there is a BLUE 'X" appearing, consider closing your trade. This alert will only appear if the Oscillator value hits an Oversold value of '0' at the close of a candle;

11) StochBuyExit2 - can be used as a potential BUY exit strategy. When there is a RED 'X" appearing, consider closing your trade. This alert will only appear if the Oscillator value hits an Overbought value of '98' at the close of a one candle, and then the Overbought value DECREASES at the close of the next candle. Lowering this value will decrease the sensitivity of this exit alert signal and will result in more 'X' appearing;

12) StochSellExit2 - as above, but for Sell Exit. When there is a BLUE 'X" appearing, consider closing your trade. This alert will only appear if the Oscillator value hits an Overbought value of '2' at the close of a one candle, and then the Overbought value INCREASES at the close of the next candle. Raising this value will decrease the sensitivity of this exit alert signal and will result in more 'X' appearing.

And lastly, the Alert Time filter has 4 individual values which you can set so arrows only appear during certain session times:

13) Start_From_Hour - default '13'

14) Start_From_Min - default '0'

15) End_To_Hour - default '16'

16) End_To_Min - default '59'

(These values have been changed slightly from 'NY From...' to 'Start From...' etc for when the BTBA indi is being used outside of the NY session).

The default 'From' values of '13' and '0' represent the NY open time for the broker I use (FTMO) and '16' and '59' are my chosen closing 'To' values. With FTMO server times these values capture the bulk of the trading volume during the NY opening session. You might want to change these values to test the London open if preferred, but please be mindful and only choose session times where there is considerable volume in the market.

Changing both 'From' values to '0', and the 'To' values to '23' and '59' respectively, will mean arrows will appear all day. You will need to work out for yourself which values work for your broker's server time if you want to limit them to appear only during certain session times.

And lastly, but most importantly - AS ALWAYS, USE THIS INDICATOR AT YOUR OWN RISK. The arrow alerts have been working well in recent times but we are now only weeks out from Christmas - seasonal volume will continue decreasing, markets will continue to consolidate and become more choppy / less reliable, and more losses are likely. DEMO ONLY PLEASE, (at least until January).

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

In addition to posting to the latest indicator version 2.0 I am also posting the .mq4 versions of the indicators that are being used by the 'Biting the Big Apple 4.1' code. I am only doing this as some people may wish to test out individual indicators and discard others in creating their own strategy. (Please note I am not posting any .tpl files, this will be for you manage yourself).

If you have already downloaded these individual indicators in the past you will need to download these latest versions and replace the ones you have in your /Indicators folder to ensure everything works as it should.

You will need to have ALL of the attached indicators downloaded and copied into your /Indicators folder for the BTBA V2.0 indicator to function correctly.

Keep in mind that changing any existing settings and then compiling the individual indicators will NOT affect how the main BTBA indicator functions. The main BTBA default values are 'hard-coded' within the BTBA and need to be changed in the BTBA settings if you want to test different values and see the results on the screen. If you update / compile any individual indicator's settings you will need to match those changes within the BTBA indicator so the alert settings match and the arrows appear correctly.

Here is a list of the individual indicators that go into making up the main BTBA indicator:

1) BULLBEAR HISTO: utilises quite a simplistic formula which measures the absolute value of BullsPower vs BearsPower (over the last '13' bars) , and if the resulting value is > or < '0' it counts as one criteria for a Buy or Sell arrow appearing in the main BTBA indicator.

2) Tick - Volume Indicator: 'borrowed' this indicator from 'another' online FX forum (sorry FF)! Buffer '6' is referenced here, and if this is > or < '0' it counts as another criteria for a Buy or Sell arrow appearing in the main BTBA indicator.

3) Waddah_Attar_Explosion_BT: again, this indi has been 'borrowed' from elsewhere and the code modified only very slightly. The criteria for a valid arrow alert inside the BTBA is as follows:

a) for a BUY - histogram needs to be Blue and above the Yellow 'explosion' line;

b) for a SELL - histogram needs to be Red and above the Yellow 'explosion' line.

Please note this indicator has code for a ON/OFF button which I have not been able to successfully remove. Until I can achieve this there will be an annoying button appearing when you load the BTBA indicator, which has no effect on anything.

4) Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD: this indicator has a smoothing effect on signals, causing them to appear slightly late in some instances, but it also helps to ensure that some false signals are filtered out.

When the GOLD (XAUUSD) line moves above or below the DARKGREEN (USD) line it is another criteria for a Buy or Sell arrow appearing in the main BTBA indicator.

Unfortunately it will only work when the user's 'Gold' instrument appears as 'XAUUSD' in their Market Watch. Unfortunately it will not work if it appears as XAUUSD.i, or GOLD, or anything other than XAUUSD.

I need to find a clever coder who can help me fix this so anybody with any broker MT4 platform can use this. If you have a different instrument name for XAUUSD and you would like to use this BTBA indicator, let me know how exactly the XAUUSD instrument is displayed in your Market Watch and if I have the available time I will see whether I can make a version for you to use.

Additional criteria:

5) Candle's Closing value must be either > OR < its' Opening value.

For any closed candle, the closing value MUST be higher than its' opening value for a BUY arrow alert, and the closing value MUST be lower than its' opening value for a SELL arrow alert.

6) MT4 Tick Volume - I have included this in the code in case someone finds it useful, although I don't personally use it and I keep it at the default value of '0'.

Using a value of '150' will help filter out some arrows during slower session times, but as this strategy was built around entering trades during the NY open / London close overlap, enough volume is already there and this portion of the code is fairly redundant.

ALL OF THE ABOVE CRITERIA MUST BE MET AT THE CLOSE OF ANY ONE CANDLE FOR AN ALERT ARROW TO APPEAR. I have tested all indicators on a fresh MT4 installation with a different broker and they are appearing correctly.

HAPPY TRADING to you all and I look forward to seeing some of you in here later for the start of the Prop Trading Demo Challenge, starting at today's NY open session.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
FTMO DEMO CHALLENGE STARTING TODAY - DECEMBER 11 2023

Hello to everyone interested in trying out the BTBA indicator on a Demo Prop Firm challenge.

I have just opened a fresh demo account with FTMO (see screenshots) and am keen to get trading during today's NY session. My aim in this challenge is to PASS it within 1 week using just the BTBA v2.0 indicator arrow alerts.

It is a very mechanical scalping strategy so it should not need you to rely on your discretion - if see a White arrow, you enter a BUY...if see a Black arrow, you enter a SELL. There are hard and fast SL and TP rules. You get in, you get out, you bank those gains and accept any losses and move on. There's no room for emotions here.

The criteria I am using for myself are those as I have previously outlined in Post 1.

- XAUUSD trading ONLY

- trading NY open for maximum 2 hours - (EDIT...BUT NO NEWS TRADING! I personally stop trading 15mins before and start trading 15mins after major news).

- Risk is 1% per trade

- SL is 100 pips

- TP is 110 pips (equates to 1% profit plus some additional to cover the spread)

- CEASE trading when account hits EITHER 2% gain OR 2% loss for any one trading session. (This means you will need to be trading a minimum of 3 trading days to make your 5% profit and pass the challenge).

- you PASS your demo challenge when your account hits 5% profit. If and when this happens you CEASE all further trading.

- I will be posting my screenshots each day, whether positive or negative. I invite you all to do the same.

FYI FTMO accounts are leveraged at 1:100.

I recommend downloading the latest version of the BTBA indicator V2.0 from Post #138 along with all other separate indicators used by the BTBA indi that are linked in that Post.

You are welcome to have the individual separate indicators loaded at the bottom of your screen as an additional visual confirmation, but the arrow alerts should be enough to rely upon without needing these other indis loaded.

DISCLAIMER: anyone who has been trading long enough will know how challenging trading can be at this time of year. This exercise is simply a test for people to use this indicator in a simulated environment and get a feel for how it works. I plan on running additional demo challenges in January once markets have returned to normal.

IMPORTANT: This strategy will hold a 'mirror' up in front of you, reflecting back exactly who you are as a trader.

- What happens if you take a 2% hit your first trading day? Will you be tempted to revenge trade and try and recoup your losses?

- What happens if you make your 2% profit your first trading day? Will euphoria get the better of you, and will you continue trading?

There's always another trading session. There's always another opportunity to come back and try again. Learning to let go of the urge to be always in the market can be a challenge in itself, but it's a must-have skill in your emotional toolbox if you want to make this work over the long-term.

If you manage to make 1% profit in a week that is far better than a bank will ever give you. Be kind to yourself - if you take a hit, come back the next day fresh and start again with a clear head.

Let's all try and treat this demo challenge as if it were your live money on the table, and get into some good habits. There's so much reward on the table if you can just manage your emotions, and getting into the practise of trading as emotion-free as possible is a skill worth developing.

WISHING YOU EVERY SUCCESS

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Kirkleaforex

Coding is not my game but if your set up was calling the attached would that clear the annoying button?

Regardless thanks for your unselfish effort here, I am making pips and hope others are too.

Phil

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Thanks Aussie Phil for this, to be honest I have been searching for a version without a button, (obviously not looking in the right places!)

Stand by for a version that calls this 'buttonless' version of the WAE indi soon.

--- 帖子 #142 ---
For those who would prefer to NOT have a button for the Waddah Attar Explosion indi appearing on the screen, here is an updated version of the BTBA indicator, V2.1.

As always, if you download this latest version of the BTBA indi you will need the latest Waddah Attar Explosion indicator to accompany it in your /Indicators folder. Both are attached here to download.

Thanks again to Aussie Phil above for his input here, much obliged mate.

I would LOVE someone to help me amend the code for the Currency Strength XAUUSD indi so it can be utilised with any broker with any instrument name they have for Gold.

Any takers???

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Kirk (I hope I have got it right!)

I am wanting to stick with the original. Would you mind modifying V1.1 to use the new WAE?

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Thanks a lot for this..

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Amazing!

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Hey Aussie Phil - yes you have that right, name is Kirk and my wife's name is Leanne. We both trade.

No worries, mate. Attached is your BTBA V1.1b for use with the latest WAE you shared earlier. Let me know how you get on.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Cheers Mate

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Thanks again Kirklea I'm in, all setup and ready for NY open.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Perfect!

--- 帖子 #150 ---
First trade during LO session

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Hi, thanks for the awesome indicator. At first, I am unable to use it due to my market watch symbol name is "XAUUSD.m". However, I managed to fix it by going into "Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.mq4" file and make the changes like as follows:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then, the error that says "XAUUSD" not found is solved. You should change the name based on what your symbol name is, ie. "XAUUSD.lt". I assume it should work the same but can't promise though.

The next error that I faced was, "cannot set timer(5)". This one is fixed by commenting out those lines,
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hope it helps, and sorry if there is any trouble understanding, I'm still new here. Btw, I used the latest version of BTBA 2.1.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Nice! Good start!

I can see how well those support / resistance levels play into your strategy, that was a nice break through support where you entered.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Here is a screenshot showing how the new exit signals in BTBA V2.0 (and beyond) can assist in your trading decisions.

The Red vertical line represents the London open. We see a nice imove down, and then we see a Blue 'X' Sell Exit alert signal.

As outlined in an earlier post today, these exit alerts are based on the Stochastic Oscillator and represent when the Oscillator is extremely Overbought / Oversold. In this instance it signals an extreme Oversold level, so we can then perhaps look at taking the next White arrow Buy signal.

I didn't take this trade as I am waiting for the NY open to begin trading my Prop Firm Demo Challenge later, but this would have been an easy 1% gain.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Stupid question, but do I need all indictors on the chart or just the BTBA indi with the rest in the indi folder?

I don't seem to have the same signals as teapeak above for this morning.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Hi there, mUrfo, welcome to the thread.

The short answer is 'THERE ARE NO STUPID QUESTIONS! LOL...

But seriously, which post did you download your indicators from, mUrfo? I suggest re-downloading all available indicators from Post #138 above and seeing if that fixes everything?

Failing that, try downloading the updated indicators in Post #142 and refreshing. Hopefully that will work?

You do not need all of the indicators on the chart, but they do all need to be located in your /Indicators folder for everything to work correctly.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Yes exactly, those levels are very strong and helpful in planing trades. Also your new indies looks cool I will try them later today. Thanks

--- 帖子 #157 ---
So the '' Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.mq4 '' from post 138 was not showing up in my indi list. I redownloaded from post 1 and now all works.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
I'm glad you have it sorted, mUrfo. Happy trading mate.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Thanks looking forward to joining you on the FTMO trial.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Guys I don't know why but I can't see white and black arrows with the last versions.

Anyone can help me please?

--- 帖子 #161 ---
nice long move going on at the moment!

--- 帖子 #162 ---
registered

I wish everyone serenity and a happy hand.

My special thanks go to Kirk for his generosity and strikingly precise presentation of the methodology.

I use MT4, but I also see how committed MachineLearn works without being able to appreciate it with expertise.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

See you later.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Hello , i made this account just to answer this , but i am interested in helping you make a currency strength indi for XAUUSD, i have experience in coding both mql4/5 and i like this indicator you made very much

--- 帖子 #164 ---
I second Isabella.

Thanks again Kirk and MachineLane , you guys are awsome :-)

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Thanks for registering and being part of this demo challenge, Isabella_D. Best wishes for your trading this week.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Good work Kirk!

I’m joining in on the challenge

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Thanks MachineLearn for everything you are doing for us here and for the TradingView community.

Best wishes to you for the demo challenge.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Remember to wait for candle close before entering off an arrow...

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Not the best of starts, but so far NY has been very choppy.

Started with a quick win, then a loss, another win, another loss, and then 2 successive losses to close my account close enough to 2% down to call it quits.

This is important data we are gathering here. We can look back and analyse what happened, and for me it seems pretty clear that I should not be entering a 2nd trade immediately after the first win as soon as another consecutive arrow appears. But then again, on another day the market could be trending strongly in a single direction and I would make my 2% in minutes.

Another thought is that Mondays are not the best trading days, as markets are finding their feet a bit. It is mid-week when we can see more reliable directional moves.

Did anyone else have any thoughts they want to add in here?

One other thing is also clear - discretion is going to make a big difference. If you are using the BTBA indi as a 'confluence tool' as part of a greater strategy, this might offer you the edge you are looking for.

For now though, these are my initial thoughts. Let's see what tomorrow brings.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
I caught the move down nicely and used the 'x' to get out.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
So far I’m 2-0 in LO but used small lot sizes to adjust to using this broker. Increasing lot size on following trade at NYO and reporting back…

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Hi kirkleaforex,

can you explain to me what your trigger is for entering a trade?

Because except for the first trade where I see the black arrow pointing downwards, for the other trades I don't see anything...

thanks

--- 帖子 #173 ---
2-0 LO

2-0 NYO

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Well done!

--- 帖子 #175 ---
one more trade

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Thanks sir! Excited for more trades

Im torn between arbitrary percent targets or letting trades run till reversal with hard stop.. the latter is harder to create a consistent system with though

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Hi flavio1900.

After I entered on the first black arrow I closed when the profit % reached 1.1%. After this happened there was another black arrow at the close of the following candle, but the market then reversed and stopped me out.

Then there was a white arrow which I entered a buy and that was a win, but then there was another white arrow on the next candle close after this, and the market reversed again and took my SL, so another loss.

After this there was a buy arrow which reversed and stopped me out, then a sell arrow which reversed again and stopped me out, making me around -2% for the session.

You can see the individual trades on the screenshot I posted - small dotted red and blue lines.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Well done to everyone who participated with the start of the Prop Firm Demo Challenge - it seems you all got the results we are looking for (except me! lol)

If you are trading using a more 'discretionary' approach and not being as strict with the rules as I am then I think you will be seeing better results. For now until the end of the challenge I will continue trading the same way - robotic entries as soon as there is an arrow in either direction - and see what happens.

For the next demo challenge after this I will start trading with more discretion, i.e. trade what I consider are higher probability trade setups using support / resistance levels, ICT concepts etc. It will be interesting to compare results between the two approaches.

I am now away from my computer until just before tomorrow's NY open, am driving to Sydney today - see you all soon.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Excellent Moeny mangement Skills and you stopped trading , I have a very weak and emotional mind set and aggessively trading until I recover the losees, sometime that approach may work, but I failed many times, slowly progressing and trying to stop trading when I see losses at some extent, Thanks again for your time to write all money management advises. Its really helpful and trying to follow.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Hello, sorry I have only just seen this post of yours now!

I would love to chat with you about this, please pvt msg me and we can discuss. Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #181 ---
I use this, DXY (US Dollar) up = Gold Down, easy!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #182 ---
lokiko - sorry but I believe that because you are a new member here at FF you have not yet earned the privileges to be able to private message someone, and I am unable to private message you.

I would like to discuss coding stuff with you though, so if you can please email me at kirkleeenterprises@gmail.com, and then we can chat.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Thanks MalvernTrust for this message. It is an important one to have in this thread, as I am all about risk management, transparency and honesty - honesty with yourself mostly.

The more we get to practise a skill, the better we get at it...just like building muscle, the more reps and hours we spend flexing, the stronger we become.

in your post you have highlighted an honest need and desire to make changes in your approach to trading. I am here to support this in any way I can, and the best way I can do this is 'leading by example', showing my wins and losses, admitting my faults and failures while at the same time celebrating my achievements. And encouraging everyone else to do the same.

As I mentioned in a previous post, trading is very much like holding a mirror up in front of you, but what most of us generally see in our reflection are our flaws and weaknesses. Unless we make a conscious effort to change, we stay trapped in a repetitive cycle of behaviour.

The more you can be a 'robot' in the market, the better off you will be in the long term. This demo challenge is not just about trying to pass a prop firm challenge in a ridiculously short timeframe, it is just as much about learning to overcome certain traits and behaviours that we find ourselves repeating, and slowly building skills and confidence when in the market. Skills that will help to keep you alive to trade another day. Learning to trust yourself in the market and learning to discard negative emotions that do not serve your goals should be the main focus.

Trading demo is not like trading with live money, we all know this, so if you really want to build skills it really needs to be in a live environment but with a small account size and with minimal lot / trade size.

Then practice. Practice. Practice. Build that mental muscle.

As the saying goes -"Nothing worth having is easy, and nothing easy is worth having." It might take time and practice, but the rewards at the other end are so worth it.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Yesterday was disastrous for me.

All goals ripped. Total loss >2%, number of trades > 5, active trading time >2 h.

What threw me off the curve so much?

Mainly dealing with the 1% and also still the conflict with in the past practiced patterns and the acceptance of the arrows in new system.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I accept and practice the 1% rule (risk from equity).

The crux of the matter was the fluctuation of the absolute amounts for this account size: +$150 -$1500 within less than 1/2 seconds. I have never traded such a large account before, it overwhelmed me despite all the preparation.

The first 3 trades were all about keeping losses small (and thus preventing profits). It wasn't until the last trade of 11 that I drastically reduced the lot number.

Acceptance of a new trading system: When certain threshold markers (support/resistance, Fibo...) were reached, I often thought: comon arrow, show yourself, I'm not your prisoner. This is not a criticism of the system; it certainly often makes sense to wait for confirmation rather than jump in straight away.

Accepting these signs will probably take some practice. How long to let profits run, is a 1% loss is enough given the fluctuation of the spread... I'm not entirely clear on that either.

Thanks and congratulations to everyone who spoke openly after the first day.

Today is a new day.

Let's head towards NY with good cheer.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Hello kirkleaforex !

You have a great strategy.

I have a favor to ask, I don't trade gold, can you make a BTBA indicator for use on currencies?

--- 帖子 #186 ---
One from overnight (for me, based in Ireland). Took longer than I thought so incurred swap.

Bounce off support and targeted an overhead liquidity. I do find TeaPeak's indi a big help.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Hello everybody, I'm new on this thread, really enjoying it. Congrats Kirk and thank you for sharing such a nice system. I've been around since the beginning of FF and have traded futures and forex for seemingly forever lol. I've always been interested in trading gold. Now it seems I have a good system to give it a really good effort.

I particularly like the Currency lines, which makes it so easy to visualize the direction. I've used a currency strength like this for a long time for currencies, not gold.

Anyway, looking forward to learning more from the people here. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #188 ---
First trade of the challenge,  highlighted where I entered based on what I perceived as a reaction area around the orange zone which had previously failed after reacting to the oversold blue x, pulled back creating a semafor so then waited for the reaction. This hen coincided with a buy arrow on the 5m timeframe therefore gave me my entry point. Hope to place next trade after US open.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'm using h1 m15 m5 to understand the trend and I only follow that direction in m1

--- 帖子 #190 ---
this was not a winner for me need to wait for another opportunity

--- 帖子 #191 ---
As I said yesterday, watch the DXY

USD down, Gold up or mixed or caution.

Good Luck

Bring on the news USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PS: While I'm here, this is a chart that I came up using the indicators and some other just laying around; to my understanding, the indicator that draws the arrows, the actual Biting the Apple, it won't work as there is a suffix ".a"? Isn't that something that should be addressed with some coding updates?

Also, 1-minute seems too much whipsaw for me, 5-minutes would be better for me I think, that's what I watch now anyway.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #192 ---
My current state of coding.

I created a function that displays only the first signals as shown on the chart. I can make this indicator function with both major and minor fx pairs, but what is the currency strength criteria for minor currencies? Also, what are the exit signal conditions?

Because of data sources, there may be minor differences between the TW and MT4 signals.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Thanks this is clear but your charts are 15 min so this is something as longer trend for me and we are talking about 1 min scalping here. Will this work in this case from your point of view? so we will place trades only in specific direction based on DXY?

--- 帖子 #194 ---
I can't tell you how and when to trade, that's your job.

The 15 minutes just gives an overall look at the situation.

There are 2 more clues there, DXY is below the daily open, and gold is above the daily open.

Looks like a slow day now until USD news later, good luck.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Nice winner from London session.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
The system lacks around 2 filters in terms of trend and daily bias. As it is its just shooting at every duck and sooner or later one will blow the account. It still needs a lot of work.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Nice trade! It looks like you didn't wait for the candle to close. Too bad spread is a bummer on gold.

What SL did you use?

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Great work 800! Thanks for your time. Strength should be the same no? And exits are in the open for the time..you could do a simple percentage based RR. I’ve been using HA to exit with a hard a stop. This is the current part of the system I’m stuck..

--- 帖子 #199 ---
No it hit my TP so it closed automatically. You can see my SL little red dash line under the low of my entry.

spread is awful!

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Hello Erebus,

your contributions are often helpful and I acknowledge them from time to time with thanks. For years.

In my opinion, however, it would be more helpful to take part in the challenge yourself or to read the thread completely. The traders here are not all greenhorns, but are making an effort to adapt Kirk's system. Other experiences/instruments have been tolerated by Kirk so far, but the main thing is to take a new path. By the way, the USD XAU correlation is already included in the system. Maybe not in the weighting, I have no idea. Maybe we'll see each other here?

All love Isabella

--- 帖子 #201 ---
WAE and HA for trend direction

currency strength for bias

not every system needs a daily filter

--- 帖子 #202 ---
also in this case m15 down m5 down I enter m1 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Hello!

What is your targets logic? I see your SL is the nearest SR but how do you exit in profit?

--- 帖子 #204 ---
1-0 LO

1-0 NY

Done for the day

FTMO taking long to update challenge dashboard

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Hi Kirk,

Thank you for sharing your strategy!!

On Friday I started a trial FTMO challenge. So far I have traded for 2 days and what can I say? It looks incredibly promising. 3% Up in two days...

I added an EMA 21 and 100 to your indicator, to make better decisions for myself..

Monday - 11.12.2023
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Friday - 08.12.2023
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'll definitely stay here

--- 帖子 #206 ---
How was it today: Not as bad as yesterday, but still deep in the soup.

What was good: Loss tirade slowed down, number of trades reduced

what wasn't so good: more losses in Sum, ?too much London

what decided today: - no lot increase before balance/equity => initial balance (200K) - no change SL/Tp (SL=100Pip/TP=110Pip, no profit protection during a trade)

So own rules: 5Lot/SL100/TP110

to decide later: 10/100/80 or 10/80/108 LO/NY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Wish you all the best

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and a buy arrow comes out on h1 now I wait for it to come out on m15 then every time it comes out on m1 I open a position looking at the resistances anyway

--- 帖子 #208 ---
oh I see, I have to manually update..

--- 帖子 #209 ---
last one for the day

--- 帖子 #210 ---
What's your initial SL and tp?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #211 ---
congratulate,  FTMO refreshs every 10', have seen this belong other Props too.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Thanks! There’s a refresh button, you have to hit this get updated statistics

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Very disappointed that I fell asleep with my laptop in bed waiting for the NY open, just woke up now, 2 hours too late.

I think I need to focus more on London open which happens from 7pm my time, far more time-friendly for me and less risk of me nodding off.

While I am disappointed at missing the open today I am happy to read some posts where people are managing to bank some pips. Congrats to you! Some others are not having the same success, though.

Remember this is just a tool and is freely available to use at your discretion. If it doesn't work for your particular trading style or time frame, perhaps you either need to think of other ways to use it, or maybe it just isn't for you.

Either way this thread is primarily focussed at promoting good trading habits using an indicator which can help identify a solid directional bias during periods of higher volatility (but not during news!)

I am now unavailable until I return home tomorrow. Good trading everyone!

--- 帖子 #214 ---
you can see them on the chart. SL is a small red line above my entry. TP was where the trade closed. RR was about 1.7:1.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
the real action starts now

and thnx for sharing

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Around 10-15 pips or closest Support or Resistance level but it is just testing how it behave so maybe later a bit more or less based on market conditions.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Second trade of the day, virtually identical ro the first, oversold signal and semafor simultaneously which I did miss but entered on the pull back after the smaller semafor and previous support level hit once buy arrow was confirmed. However this time there was no 5 minute buy arrow so technically broke my own rule of a higher timefrime confluence to validate entry.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As per the rules done for the day at 2% gain

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Just take a quick scalp and the TP was this red level

--- 帖子 #219 ---
//----

alarms help me..... london open is 2am......

just set the hour..... change the text if needed , such as news event....h

//------

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Hi Eprst, thanks for your msg.

Here is a version of the BTBA ALL PAIRS indicator (V2.0) which should work for all 28 currencies. I have removed the colours for the exit 'X" alerts for now (you can add manually if needed) and changed max bars to 1000 as any more might slow your system. (This indi version is definitely no good for backtesting).

Also attached is an updated MQLTA Currency Strength indi which you will need to add to the /Indicators folder (replace your existing version) otherwise the BTBA ALL PAIRS V2.0 won't work.

Both indicators and the alert arrows may take a while to load so be patient. You might need to refresh your screen or otherwise change timeframes and then change back again for the arrows to appear - it is a bit buggy in that regard but once you have it up it should give you what you need. Let me know how you go.

EDIT: BUG FOUND AND FIXED - PLEASE DOWNLOAD AGAIN IF YOU ALREADY DOWNLOADED.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
and the last one for today

--- 帖子 #222 ---
I mean what's the logic of your TP?

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Very pleased with the system so far, very easy to apply the rules and easy to learn.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Well it was the low of the day. Usually a good target to take profit.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Wich version is this? 1.1?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Thank you kirk for introducing your strategy. I tested it today on GJ and it gave 3 beautiful trades.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
I’ve just reread the first post here and have a question about this:

“
IMPORTANT: If an opposite coloured arrow appears at the close of the next candle after you have just entered a trade, TRUST THE ARROW - close your open trade, take the loss and move on.

“

Do you only stay in a trade as long as the arrows are supporting the direction of the trade? Do you close when you see an opposite signal?

--- 帖子 #228 ---
actually its the all pairs version, by mistake!

--- 帖子 #229 ---
The original idea was to trade strictly with each arrow as it changes direction, however the thread has evolved a bit since Post 1 and I am now more supporting people using their discretion.

Exits are an individual's own decision. If the arrows suddenly stop, to me that does not necessarily mean you should exit, as there is possibly a lot more movement in that direction.

If the arrows suddenly change direction, it is a good dea to get out as the arrows are a good indication of current directional bias, and we don't ever know how long this new change in direction will last.

For me I like to get in and get out and bank profits as this sees an account grow more over time than risking reversals and having the market take you out. So my personal exits are always 1% profit.

Now there are the blue and red Stochastic exits, which don't always appear but when they do it is another possible exit signal.

Teapeak uses the support and resistance indicator for exits which seems to work well also.

It's best to use your own discretion and decide on the best exit strategy to suit your trading style.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Thanks for the kind words and support.

Let me see if I have this correct?

You want me to open a prop account costing +1,000 EUR and,

Use a constantly changing and evolving method to prove that it works?

The OP has already posted multiple changes for the indicators due to bugs aka errors.

And he admits now, the method is largely discretionary.

Last of all, the main US trading session is my bedtime, so I'm in the wrong time zone to have full advantage.

No thanks, I'll just follow along for now, see if anyone is still posting here and driving Lambos in 6 months.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Calm down mate. If you have followed along you would have read many times that i am inviting people participate in a demo challenge, there's nowhere in this thread suggesting people try trading live with this.

And again, if you have followed along you will have read how I am very transparent with opening the thread and inviting people to trade this with their own discretion. Threads change, they evolve, indicators have bugs and they get fixed, none of this is anything new.

I know you have a lot of trading experience, have made a ton of contributions here and are well liked on FF, but mate your arrogance in this instance is unwelcome in this thread. There's just no need for this kind of negativity, it's nothing if not childish and counter-productive.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Happy Halloween

--- 帖子 #233 ---
//-----

the button in the BT  worked for me, removed it anyway......   included also is ahmad's original  2007  version.....

envids indicator, MQLTA Currency Strength  , post 220,  the mq4 likely won't compile unless you have the icon in your terminals file folder.....  it's just his icon.....  line 12.....

#property icon          "\\Files\\EF-Icon-64x64px.ico"

once the indicator is compiled there is no need for the icon as it will be imbedded in the ex file......  looks like kirk included the already compiled ex...........

......h

//--------

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Chill mate  1k?  there are cheaper, and atleast... say thanks for other people work

What happened? Forgot to put your sl somewhere? Comrade, enjoy the process, and be better.

Trade safe

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Thank you Kirk for all your inputs

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Can someone help. After copied all new Indicators, arrows are not displaying on the chart. Do I need to remove the old versions from the indicator folder !?

--- 帖子 #237 ---
3 and -3 seem to be areas of interest in the mqlta indicator...... the aqua horizontal lines.....

quick visual check only.....h

//-------
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Not sure what causes this but it happens with me also.

Try changing timeframes and then changing back, it should update the screen and make everything appear. Let me know.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
back at that interesting 3 level...... both on the minute and 5.....

closed manually.....h

//-----

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

//-----
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

//-----
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Stupidly left my screen this morning. Price missed my TP by a few pips. Sat through a deep retracement before coming back up and I exited in the same region as my original TP.

Does anyone know what the red and blue arrows are that are showing up on my chart? Seems to be coming form the BTBA indi....

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Hi mUrfo...the Blue and Red arrow signals are coming from the latest version of the currency strength indicator.

See screenshot below - you can change the 'Show Arrow signals' setting from 'True' to 'False' to turn these off.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Thank you very much for that!!

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Hi, Hayseed,

Long time since we spoke; great to see you here and your usual generosity is always admired and appreciated.

Regarding the "3-levels", have you considered unhitching the Common Tab MAX/MIN-levels, yet?

I also like to see the MAX/MIN readings on any instrument as it makes life easier. It may stay "overheated" though, but that is a good warning.

Would love to hear from you, thanks.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Kirkleaforex, thank you so much for sharing all these indicators and the trading system. I very much appreciate your generosity. I have tried to use them but all to no avail. I am using exness broker and I could not be able to make use of it because it could not display on the screen. What is the issue and what can I do about it. It shows error: AUDCAD not found could not process.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This system used methodically is truly powerful

--- 帖子 #246 ---
What is your suffix for your pairs in the Market Watch?

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Hi,

can it work on indices too?

Thx

--- 帖子 #248 ---
As the indi includes code which measures currency strength for either XAUUSD (normal BTBA version) or the standard 28 pairs (ALL PAIRS version) it will only work when used with these instruments.

It is possible to remove the currency strength code from the indicator, which means it would work for absolutely anything, but also meas there would be more signals as a result, which might mean less reliable signals.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Thanks buddy kirkleaforex!

Now I’ll start testing your strategy on currencies.

Good luck with your trading!

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Hi Kirk, I'm interested in using this indi for currency pairs. How would I change it so that I can enter currencies instead of gold?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Hello! Read this post
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post14686715

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Hello,

First of all, I want to express my gratitude for all that you do.

I have used the latest version of the BTBA indicator V2.0 from Post #138, but unfortunately, the arrows are not appearing as expected.

Could you please provide insight into the possible cause of this issue?

--- 帖子 #253 ---
IMPORTANT - FOR EVERYONE TRYING TO USE THIS INDICATOR FOR MARKET WATCH PAIRS WITH ALTERNATE SUFFIXES

The BTBA indicator is currently hard-coded for use with either XAUUSD as the instrument name, or the ALLPAIRS indicator version is hard-coded to work with standard Market Watch pair names WITHOUT SUFFIXES.

For this reason, if you check your Market Watch and notice that your pairs have a suffix such as XAUUSD.a, EURUSD.c etc, or if your XAUUSD pair is shown as GOLD, or anything that is non-standard, the indicator will throw up an error message and will not work for you.

There is a way to code this to make this indicator work for everyone, but I don't know how to code this.

If anyone can assist with code that fixes this issue please let me know. It is the main issue right now as I see it...

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Hi, Kirkle, maybe this solution might work.

At first, I am unable to use it due to my market watch symbol name is "XAUUSD.m". However, I managed to fix it by going into "Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.mq4" and make the following changes (AllPairs[] = {"XAUUSD"} -> AllPairs[] = {"XAUUSD.m"}) : Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then, the error that says "XAUUSD" not found is solved. You should change the name based on what your symbol name is, ie. "XAUUSD.lt". I assume it should work the same.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
First LO trade starting in a blunder. Beautiful trade I missed because I opened in wrong pair EURJPY

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Gold short. Still can't get rid of the blue and red arrows. I've tried turning them off and changing their colour to none but they keep coming back.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
//------

hey hercs...... yes, the min/max are not fixed, they are free floating......  as example, by sheer luck, took a signal last night  on gbpusd...... minutes later the news hit and the levels went to +/- 20......

have not looked at enivids code so not sure what the math is......

overheated is a hard term to define..... and as you mentioned the xauusd  stayed 'overheated'  for maybe 10 minutes...... i was watching the  5 minute zigzag for exit..... lately it has not come near 3...

still looking things over.......h

//-----
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

//-----

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Hi Hercs,

so take ZigZag for counting, developes continued
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

compare
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

edit: sorry, I probably misunderstood and you are asking about the correlation value

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Is there also a template here where all indicators are included?

--- 帖子 #260 ---
news in a few..... closed most all open trades to remove distractions..... h

//------
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

//-----

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #261 ---
doubt  the 50 or 100 sma's will  stop it....... guess we can go ahead and call it a fair value gap......h

//-----
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Hello Adashi, thanks for being here.

I have the same issue from time to time but i find changing timeframes and then changing back to M1 fixes this. Don't know what else to suggest, sorry.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Hi ing3344.

I am not providing template files until i can sort out the issues some people are having with the suffix. As soon as i can offer a clean, bug-free indicator version that works for all pairs, regardless of the suffix, I will be able to assist with .tpl files etc. Until then people will need to create their own.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Hi mUrfo, you will need to open the Currency Strength indicator you are using in MetaEditor and change the following line as follows (should be line 74):

input bool ShowSignals = true;        // Show Arrow Signals

CHANGE TO...

input bool ShowSignals = false;        // Show Arrow Signals

Then press Compile above. Let me know if this works.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Thanks fries7 for this suggestion.

I guess if people are willing to take this step it is an interim workaround. Thanks a lot.

If anyone reading this is having this issue and they need it fixed, send me your suffix exactly as it appears in Market Watch and i will code up a version specifically for that. Just as an interim measure though...i am still needing to find a global solution that will work for all.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
No trading for me again last night, I was way too tired after a long day of travel. I can't trade if my mind is not focussed, and when I am this tired there is just no point.

Which brings me to the next point.

For now I am happy to keep assisting people with questions etc, but I need to abandon the trading for the moment. Sorry to disappoint, but i have too much going on, and trading my strategy has become unsustainable when you consider my trading day starts at midnight.

Between other work projects, family obligations and so forth I feel my time and attention is being pulled in too many different directions, and some very important areas of my life are suffering as a result. So it is time for me to put down the trading and take a rest from it, just for a few weeks until the new year.

In the meantime I will be employing the expert people at mt4programming.com to assist me with making this indicator the best it can be, so when January rolls around and markets return to normal we can really get moving again.

In the updated version the issue with suffixes will be solved, so the indicator will work regardless of which broker you are using and how individual pairs are shown in the Market Watch. There will also be added input fields where users can select to have certain features on or off, i.e. arrow alerts etc, and I will add an option to only show the first arrow when there is a change in direction, rather than having all arrows displayed.

It is my commitment to the members of this thread to provide a seamless, bug-free indicator you can rely on. I am excited to be working on this in the background and releasing it here asap (ETA early January).

While all this is happening I encourage people to keep testing if they want, but as always, test on DEMO only, especially right now when market volume is thin.

I am never far away, so keep posting and asking questions and I will be happy to answer.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Hello kirkleaforex,

you may try this patched one  Attached File(s)   Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.mq4

32 KB
|
265 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

set "weightOnlySymbolOnChart" to true and it will use current chart symbol - if "false" it will use your default from the code

Mucky

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Hello Kirk,

have a nice time at the turn of the year so that we can get back to work on new goals in 2024.

Good things take time. We can take the time off. That's what I decided for myself today too.

Greetings to everyone with best wishes for peace, health and good ideas in the new year.

Isabella

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Can't wait to test this out, thanks so much mate.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
a red arrow on the 30 would look good about now..... as long as 5 whites didn't follow it......h

//----
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

//-----
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #271 ---
went ahead took the 15.....  550 pip  tp and sl..... next 30 minute zigzag down leg will  close it.....

will not hold over weekend.....h

//----

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Nice. I've always liked multiple TF analysis. In a previous version of the BTBA (before this thread) I was filtering signals based on what was happening on each of the higher timeframes. I might still incorporate that option in a future update, it can produce very interesting results.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Thanks a lot confirming it is working for me. Good work

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Peyton says buy on M1,5,15,30 and H1,4

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Good Morning to you. Thanks for your prompt response. My suffix is m.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
... you can set your prefix/suffix here ..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

pls. test if it works ..

Mucky

--- 帖子 #277 ---
totally crashed, loaded new MT4, error message again. No rush, just a note in case the Indis are revised.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Sorry everyone...nothing I can do about this issue until I have this coded professionally by early January.

Can everyone please read the recent thread posts and try the options that are being presented by Mucky. That is the only possible workaround available right now.

Thanks to Mucky for your valuable contributions here.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Short gold from London session. Scaled in over three positions.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Hi mate, check Post #276 above by Mucky.

In your indicator settings you will see the two fields (see Mucky screenshot above) where you can enter your pair exactly as it appears in your Market Watch, i.e. for the XAUUSD pair, try entering XAUUSD as the Prefix and m as the Suffix, for example...or for EURUSD try entering EURUSD as the Prefix and m as the Suffix.

(Please advise if this is incorrect Mucky?)

--- 帖子 #281 ---
//-----

week and month also...... only the day says sell..... usually best to go with with the majority.....  looks like london is waiting on 7:30 news......

or maybe called in sick......h

//-----

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Following this thread closely, thanks to everyone for contributing.

MachineLearning would it be possible to share the latest trading view chart layout so I can copy the indicators and all.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
.. "totally crashed" - error from indi internal check - I will check

in the meantime set it to false - should work

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.ex4

53 KB
|
223 downloads

Attached File(s)   Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.mq4

33 KB
|
243 downloads

Mucky

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Volume coming into gold, waiting for strength indicator to smooth

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Bit of run away train there. waiting for pullback but never came so jumped in for good profits!

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Congrats and Nice trade, I messed up with the indicators and settings on MT4, now arrows are not displaying, when you get a chance could you please share your template and the number of Indicators please

--- 帖子 #287 ---
thank you Mucky for your commitment.

Today I tried out different variants again, installed MT4 again after a crash like this morning, no chance of it working like it did till the day before yesterday.

Procedure:

After MT4 new, download the Indis step by step from #138 everytime closed opened MT4,

Currency Indi weight only symbol "true/false" each without negative influence,

from implementation BTBAV2.0 error message (XAUUSD not present) until freezing.

Alternative to BTBAV1.1 from #1 with the same error message/effect.

For clarification: ?changed Indis have new counts Indi V1...Vx, otherwise there could be misunderstandings when discussing test results in the future,

especially because we still follow two system branches: With XAUUSD without XAUUSD=FX

Rome wasn't built in a day either

--- 帖子 #288 ---
I copied all Indicators from Post #142 and 138 but no luck, when I tried from the first page Indicators it was working after the changes , arrows not appereing, I deleted old indiatores and repoulated new ones rebooted MT4 still no luck, not sure what I am going wrong, can soemone help

Thanks

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Think I’ve settled on an exit strategy moving forward.

I’m going to exit on WAE color change tomorrow..this allows me to stress less about position management and micro managing lot sizes based on arbitrary factors. The key is to ALWAYS use the exact same lot size and let the system do the work for you. With the high win rate EVEN If WAE doesn’t change fast enough to secure profits in short trends.. your winners will 2,3,4X your losers. Don’t get emotional and NEVER try to secure profits too quickly, you’ll cut your earnings in half, and then you’ll losers will start to become bigger than your winnings. It’s a losing battle. Learn to be patient and trust your system. This is where I’ve settled. Allow the human in you to accurately get you in the trade but use the robot in you to exit it. A pure mechanical robot based system doesn’t work, and a complete emotional subjective human  one doesn’t either. Master the balance of discretion and nuance that our human experience let’s us see, and let the mechanical robotic side of your brain take over once the position is open.

I think trading is mastering this balance (once you have a good system)

.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Hi MalvernTrust, let's see if we can clear this up for you (and several other people in here).

Attached is the latest version Biting the Big Apple V2.1 and also the Currency Strength Indicator. Make sure to download these and replace any existing indicators in your /Indicators folder (it is probably best to delete any BTBA and Currency Strength indicators you already have and start afresh).

Close your MT4 and reopen, or otherwise make sure you right-click and 'Refresh' the Navigator once the indicators have been added in to the folder.

Place both the BTBA V2.1 indicator and the Currency Strength indicator onto the chart. Please note that it does actually take the Currency Strength indicator a certain amount of time to calculate and then populate the currency lines to the screen, and how long this actually takes might be reliant on your computer processing power (it shouldn't take any longer than 10 seconds though).

In the attached BTBA V2.1 I have changed the PLOT_MAXIMUM_BARS_BACK value to 1000 and have changed this value in the Currency Strength indicator to 1000 also - this should hopefully help speed things up - you can always modify these settings yourself once everything is loaded correctly.

Once the Currency Strength indicator coloured lines have appeared, the arrows should then appear also, however in case they do not appear just change the time frame from M1 to M5, wait a short moment for the Currency lines to appear and then switch back to M1 again, and the arrows should now be visible.

Lastly, I have attached a Template (.tpl) file to go into your /Templates folder. This file will automatically place BULLBEAR HISTO, Tick - Volume Indicator, Waddah Attar Explosion and Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD on your screen. You can rename this file 'Default' if you want all new charts to open and appear like this, or otherwise make the screen appear how you personally like it and then save as 'Default'.

I really hope this works, if not then I am sorry but I have run out of ideas. I agree this is all a little 'buggy' right now, and I apologise to all people who are experiencing this issue, please know I am working to have this fixed by a professional coding team for the next release (early January).

--- 帖子 #291 ---
MachineLearn I like this very much, it shows initiative.

We all need to test and decide how best this is going to work...we are all individuals with different trading backgrounds and styles, preferred time-frames and so on. This might work out to be an ideal exit strategy, not just for yourself but for others seeking something similar.

I wish you well in your testing this coming trading session.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Good start of the day as yesterday I was out of computer.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Very nice teapeak, I took the same!! eyeing up the overhead liquidity for later on though...

--- 帖子 #294 ---
I wanted to ask if anyone can add an alarm to each arrow that comes out at the closing of the candle.

thanks

--- 帖子 #295 ---
I am using it with Bollinger Bands, and so far so good! I will keep you posted.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
casamariana I am happy to add this function to the list of additional features for the updated indicator version I am having coded.

I could have a go at adding alerts but it's probably better to wait for someone else to do it who is much better at coding.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
which indicator are you using for support & resistance. I love it

--- 帖子 #298 ---
I think you'd find the alarm going off too much

--- 帖子 #299 ---
last trade for the week. enjoy your weekend.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
hello sir thanks for your indicators i just put all the recent updated and but still it doesn't work any advice please.

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Wow its working fine now, Thanks very much for your time and efforts for helping other traders, appreciated,

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Explosive move

--- 帖子 #303 ---
All crosses have a focal point.

As long as you know where to look at

then these currency crosses will be easy to read

for an example, Daily open price.

get the Daily open price as your focal/ turning / pivot point and read the currency lines crosses.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Big Apple System timing perfect entries once again…short entry right before knife drop..

not waiting for WAE when I’m 1000 in profit

--- 帖子 #305 ---
There’s always an easy trade around 830 and 9:30 us eastern time.

i look for two trades one in each session and then call it quits..

--- 帖子 #306 ---
closed shop on the drop.....   new week just around the corner......h

//-----
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Oki that is the Supply Demand Pro indi available from Post #78 posted by Teapeak.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
HI Mohamad777, did you read my entire Post #290 and follow all instructions and suggestions, like changing timeframe and then changing back to M1?

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Hi , Can you tell how to get the BTBA signals during the London Open ?

--- 帖子 #310 ---
I take it that you went short because the sub window's  indy signal. How do you explain choosing MQLT's indy over Peyton's signals? Would you always recommend it?

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Kadimi, please read Post #1, it explains everything.

You need to choose the correct From Hour and From Minute value for your broker and input these in the BTBA indi settings.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
//-----

yes, the shorts were due to enivids sub window indy signal and the arrows..... have said may times the actual signal is not important to me...... any signal will do as long as it is undeniable math..... macd, ao, stoch, rsi , mqlta, bull/bear power, any signal..... it makes no difference to me......

there is no doubt in my mind that enivid would advise against using his mqlta indicator as a stand alone signal...... just as i would advise against using peytons indicator as a stand alone.......

yes, i did use peytons indicator (1440) and 4 tsrs, just did not mention it in order to not confuse kirks work.....

//-----

take all the indicators posted in this thread..... boil them down to the lowest common denominator...... ask yourself what is really going on here with this system as is.......

put a 13 period ema of the close on the daily gold chart...... with a few exceptions due to the filters, buy arrows will appear when the price is above the 13 ema....... sell arrows will appear when the price is below the 13 ema..... why is that.......

both the bull and bear power indicators are based on the price relationship to the 13 ema........ it's a 13 ema system with filters......

if you think about it, that's actually good logic..... by using a somewhat small period ema, it stands to reason that if the 13 ema is falling, so must be the price.....

when filtered properly, moving average systems appeal to me.....h

//-------

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #313 ---
hi brother

i have been trying to attach the indicator since yesterday but it did not work i did all the processes as per the instructions but did not succeed.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Exactly .. we have to think simply about price movement as all indicators shows past price ( after price move from one point to another point)

at the moment Im using Kirk  currency/gold indicator to move gold price from certain support and resistance levels.

trying to filter by distance , after the cross happened

thanks

--- 帖子 #315 ---
.

Hi Kirklea, can you tell how to activate the BTBA signals during London open

--- 帖子 #316 ---
I am always curious about new systems and always test them. I took indicators and template from post 290 but arrows are not appearing on chart.

--- 帖子 #317 ---
As it have outlined n Post #290, if arrows are not appearing try changing the timeframe then changing back again to M1, they should appear then.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
sorry to disturbing you sir but unfortunately it doesn't work I download mt4 windows app from different broker and shift from 5 min to 1 min but still doesn't work ,

i hope anyone here can help us if he change some sitting because i see some members here are install it and it works for them.

thanks for advance.

update

I download the indicators  from post 138 and i download only Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD from post 1 and finally all it works for me .

thank you sir for sharing your hard works with us .

--- 帖子 #319 ---
No it is not working. I will wait until market is open. It might be some issue because market is closed. Your previous version was working on my MT4 but this version is giving problems.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Nice Trade teapeak, Thanks for sharing your simple and and awsome strategy and an Indicator, looks great to me if we combine with Kirklea's BTBA indicator. Volume is a key for any strategy. BTBA is a great edge for sure.

Rules : SD Arrow and BTBA arrow both aligns enter a trade , Exit when price reached a nearest SD Zones or opp arrow from BTBA.

Please advise how we can utilze well by combining these two indicators. Do you prefer any pip based SL TP or just scalp without SL and exit when we see PA goes against.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Thanks but first of all all congrats to Kirklea as he started developed and shared his strategy with us. I just added S&D indie for confirmation of my trades. Regarding TP or SL I am based of Kirklea rules so around 10 pips per trade but sometimes more as also added S&D so when I see potential I will aim TP to nearest S&D levels. easy. that's it.  also trying to add some other indies to filter out some bad trades but until now just testing few from my deposit to see how they behave. will see what comes out but need more time for testing.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Agreed, what I meant is SD zoens and arrows are really helping out for filtering all entries, If we combine any strategy with BTBA is a icing on the cake. Its a great efforts by Kirklea and offered this tool to the FF community, greatly appreacited.

Normally I trade Market profile on lower timeframes M15/M30 and determining the trend by using larger time frame ( H4/D1) supply and demand analysis, with many complex rules. I tried with M5/M15 BTBA arrows that was an additional confluence for sure. But after seeing your trades based on BTBA and simple SD on M1 it looks really great. Trading strategy should be simple, I like the simplicity here. These all are my hindsight analysis after market hours. I need to practice on M1 by combining these two during market hours.

If you see the chart we can filterout many BTBA white arrows based on the SD. Also utilize max profits by staying more time as long as there is no opp SD zones or opp BTBA arrpws. In a sameway we can avoid many SD arrows that is not aligned with BTBA arrows. So I can see these two are a great mix.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
bet next week will be good for gold and silver......

the 240 charts rsi on both have dropped to the 50 level, which is the threshold for the mqlta mt4 currency indicator...... it is based on the rsi..... when the xauusd rsi is above 50, the gold line will above 0 and the green will be below 0 the same distance......  there is a small typo in the inputs..... it says asi, when really it should say rsi.....  that might confuse some......

so the price is now at the 13 ema and rsi at the 50...... and that big 240 bar from the 13th is fading out of the picture......

see no reason kirks system should not work on things other than gold and other timeframes...... you might need to reduce the rsi value, remember asi,  lower...... perhaps 5.....

should be interesting......h

//------
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

//------

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

//-----

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #324 ---
hi Isabella

please could I know how to put HA smoothed candle like yours..

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Can you please clarify 10 pips SL may be you are referring  100 pips which is $1 for gold . Entry at long 2050 and SL 2049. TP next nearest supply or opp BTBA signal . Correct !?

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Hi Mohamad,

thats not the topic of this thread, so write me PM.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Sorry, as I am Junior Member I can not Sending private messages

I apologize from you and from  kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #328 ---
yes 10 pips for normal pairs is 100 pips for Gold see below

--- 帖子 #329 ---
hows everybodys FTMO account after 1 week challenge?

--- 帖子 #330 ---
I took many profitable trades today and cut 2 losers.

Up 1% for the day risking 0.5% per trade

--- 帖子 #331 ---
one fresh trade for today

--- 帖子 #332 ---
got it thanks

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Three trades this morning.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Hello,

Could you please tell me what the difference is between the white/black arrow and the red/blue one? Do you have any advice on how to effectively use the combination of them?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Hello Teapeak, Good day.

What are the criteria you follow for execution, I am trying to apply your method but I am taking a lot of loses on the demo.

Thanks for your contributions.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hello everybody, and thanks kirkleaforex for the ideas and indicators. Having read the thread twice, it is still not clear to me which arrows you will take and which you will not (all too many arrows on the M1 timeframe).

On another vein, since I am not a great fan of the lower timeframes (too much noise for my taste), I took the liberty of applying BTBA on H1. Then, I visually backtested BTBA at the London-NY overlap, specifically at GMT 13:00 and 14:00, entering a trade whenever an arrow appears on those two H1 bars, with a SL/TP of 50/100 ($5/$10, to avoid confusion). I "opened" no trades if the arrow failed to appear. These are the results of 2 months of backtesting:

13:00: Losers: 4

Winners: 11

14:00: Losers: 4

Winners: 13

Looks very nice, but... The arrow not always appears right at the opening of a new bar, so the entry point of some of these trades might have had a certain "shift". Furthermore, sometimes the arrow appears on the bar, to then disappear if the market goes against it, so in real life I might have opened trades that then went sour, trades that the backtest didn´t catch.

I´ll be demoing it in real time to see whether this has legs on H1. The bright side is that this system, if it indeed shows promise, does not demand much screen time from us. We´ll see...

Anyways, these are my 2 cents. Thanks again, and have a wonderful week.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
hello that’s a very interesting outlook and method.

first off thank you so much for the brilliant idea, and your efforts in testing.

I think regarding the arrow you will have to wait for the candle to close to actually enter a trade, since in real time the arrows might repaint but once the candle close it will not repaint.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
//------

the 1 minute always reminds me of a assembly line worker trying to grab things on a fast moving conveyor belt......   i'd be fired the first day.....  or sooner......

the 240 and 1440 suit me best...... slow and laid back.......

have some gold trades in the hole...... silver little better...... 1200$ stoploss and profit targets on each.....

have plans on coding kirks system in mtf fashion......  maybe this week.....h

//-----
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

//----- Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #339 ---
one more

--- 帖子 #340 ---
White/black are from Kirklea system and red/blue are from S&D  indie I posted before. I am not trading exactly based on just indicators and arrows - I trade based on experience, Kirklea's  indies and S&D levels.....try to combine them and aim SL/TPs to these levels

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Hi,

easy, read rules from post 1 from Kirklea and add these levels I am using if they suit you. These work good. And practice and not over trade just pick best looking trades.....thats it

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Hello thread... I hope this finds you all in good health and positive spirits.

I have been missing in action these past few days. A lot of projects are being worked on and it is a crazy busy time of year.

I am happy to see there has been some continued action in here while I have been gone these past few days. Some people are continuing to earn pips even though this is definitely not the best time of year to be trading. The fact that you are still earning says a lot about the potential for this system when markets return to normal after the holiday season.

I personally cannot wait for January so I can turn up the heat. I have a new version of the indicator I am trying out which is looking really nice. In this new version I have replaced the currency strength indi with something I believe still offers the same reliable signals, but at the same time it removes any errors people are having with using the Currency Strength indicator on different pairings, using 'suffixes' etc. It will work with any instrument, and on any time-frame, so bring on January!

This new indicator version is also being professionally coded by the amazing team at www.mt4programming.com who I have worked with in the past. This will ensure it is bug-free and ready to be deployed the moment I release it here - you can hit the ground running.

One last thought I have is this - always keep in mind the cost of the spread. Different instruments have differing spreads, some are nice and tight but others are way too wide, so it is best to use this indi on pairs that offer a nice tight spread. I prefer Gold, but that is my personal preference and has been for many years.

One benefit of a nice tight spread that many people might not consciously think about is to do with the Spread Value compared with the current ATR value during high volume session times.

The Spread might be variable for any given pair but its' overall value stays fairly constant and reliable (except during News events).

The ATR on the other hand increases quite dramatically during periods of high volume.

Consider that for a moment - if the spread barely changes but the average true range of a candle increases during certain session times, doesn't it make better sense to be trading during those times? Your risk (spread plus your SL pips) remains the same but the potential movement / reward increases substantially.

There's just no reason to be in the market when there isn't strong volume. You might get lucky, but I don't think 'luck' needs to be a part of anybody's strategy, it isn't sustainable over the long term. We all need an 'edge' we can rely on.

So put the odds in your favour and use these signals when they are meant to be used - London Open or, better still, the overlap between the New York Open and the London Close. Whatever session time works better for you.

I want to thank you all for being here and contributing. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to each of you. I will be around from time to time over the next week or two, and then it's time to turn up the heat again. Let's all make 2024 a year to remember.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Thank you very much for this amazing tool; I am testing it in different ways. Can you please tell me about the little red and blue 'x'? Where did it come from? Apparently, is it a clue indicating when to exit the trade?

--- 帖子 #344 ---
great! I love the system so far. The only challenge is the big red & blow arrows. How can I remove them? I am using

Biting the Big Apple V2.0.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #345 ---
lazy market closed sooner

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Hi Adashi. The blue and red crosses suggest a possible place to exit a trade, and the alerts themselves represent when the Stochastic Oscillator is at an extreme Overbought or Oversold level.

This is definitely not the best exit option as the market can stay in an extreme OB or OS status for a long time after the first alert cross appears. But in terms of getting in and out of trades quickly they do work reasonably well for people wanting to secure quick profits.

As I have outlined in a previous post about this, this is just one possible way to exit, and it is recommended that people determine their own exit strategy.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Hi Kirk, thank you very much for your effort and sharing with us. I really like this strategy and have been reading about it since yesterday.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Hi oki, thanks for being here and I am glad you are enjoying the system so far.

Regarding the large blue and red arrows, these are coming from a hard-coded part of the BTBA V2.0 indicator. I have changed this value so they no longer appear, you can download the attached revised version of V2.0 here.

Let me know if you have any further trouble.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Thanks Middleeastern for this post. I like the fact that you have backtested. Backtesting this strategy in normal market conditions is preferable of course, but for now these results might be seen as favourable, given the thin volume and the chop we are seeing.

In terms of the arrows appearing / disappearing, they will do this while ever a candle is being formed. Contrary to what many people think, this is not 'repainting', it is just the coded calculations happening during the formation of each candle that fluctuate. The arrows should not be relied upon as a valid signal until the candle has closed and the arrow remains visible. For this reason nobody should be entering off a signal until candle close (but the same should be said for any strategy).

Going 'off topic' for a brief moment...the concept of 'repainting' is often misinterpreted and misrepresented in thread discussion. 'Repainting' would be a situation where an arrow first appears at the candle close, and then disappears sometime later, or a situation where an arrow appears and then due to further movement in price the same arrow continues to 'move' with the market, disappearing and reappearing with each new candle as new highs or lows are formed.

Back on topic now...

As you are trading the H1, I suggest waiting for a valid H1 arrow at the close of a candle, and then wait for a pullback on the lower time-frames, entering off a confluent continuation signal there. Multiple time-frame analysis may add further strength to this system which you may benefit from.

Good luck with your continued testing. I hope to see you here in January when markets return to some kind of normal.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Be blessed. Ubarikiwe Zaid! Merry Xmas to you & your family. A kind request: if you don't mind,you can share SL EA too. Asante

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Hi mehrdad1968, thanks for being here. I am glad you are liking the system so far and I wish you success.

Please keep in mind though that this strategy is not a 'silver bullet', it will produce false signals like any strategy and it is possible it will give you multiple false signals in succession, leading to you blowing up your account if you are overleveraged etc.

While I am personally using it on its own with success, I do this using my own discretion and using other knowledge I have gained over many years of trading. For people newer to trading the BTBA indicator is perhaps best considered as a 'confluence tool' within a greater overall system. Using Teapeak's 'Supply Demand Pro' indicator in confluence with the BTBA is one strategy I see great potential in.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Maravilloso

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Maravilloso is right.

Just wanted to thank Kirk for sharing this excellent method and to all the contributors here. I caught a couple good trades today, should have held the second one but oh well, that's how it goes, was happy with the gain so took it.

I see great potential for this system, still testing to make it work with my trading style but looks good as of now. The only thing I have added here is the 200 EMA, I am taking the first signal after 8:30 New York time up to 9:00 and also the first one after 9:30 up to 10:00 that agrees with the 200 EMA. SL just under recent fractal going for 2x profit, set to breakeven at 1:1 or after 15 bars.

I have not been able to get the arrows to show on my broker account because of the suffix, I tried the workaround suggested but couldn't make it work. So I opened a demo account that doesn't have a suffix and am using that for the signals then taking the trade with my broker. Thus the 2 screenshots below one showing the signal and the other the actual trades taken. I took the first one a bar early, it had an arrow but at the last second price went down a bit resulting in no arrow on the closed candle. Worked out good as the next candle gave the signal. So it was BE but I got a couple pips. Entered the second trade at the right time, beautiful result though not quite so beautiful for me I exited at some hesitation before my 2x target. Still very pleased with the early results here, I took a couple other trades last week didn't catch a big fish but did make some small profit.

Happy holidays to all, looking forward to see what happens with this in January and beyond.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Happy to see someone else adopting the 830/930 approach. Has proven great for my profitability and mental!

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Hiya,

My first trade for the week. A beautiful one on Gold. I think I'm getting the hang of how to make te indicator work for me. Can't wait till January!

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Hi Krakof, nicely done. I understand you enter a trade when the MQLTA crosses the 1.31 and -1.36 levels (and an arrow appears on the chart, of course). Did I read you right there? May I ask why did you choose those levels? Any reason in particular? It was a perfectly timed entry indeed, congrats!

Best,

--- 帖子 #357 ---
[quote=Oriente Medio;14694554]{quote} Hola Krakof, muy bien hecho. Entiendo que usted ingresa a una operación cuando el MQLTA cruza los niveles 1,31 y -1,36 (y aparece una flecha en el gráfico, por supuesto). ¿Te leí ahí mismo? ¿Puedo preguntarte por qué eliges esos niveles? ¿Alguna razón en particular? Fue una entrada perfectamente sincronizada, ¡felicidades! Mejor cita]

Hola, gracias por tu conversación. Sí, de hecho estuve mirando hace varias semanas y me di cuenta de que cuando el indicador de Fuerza de la Moneda sale de los niveles indicados y coincide con una flecha, tenía una probabilidad muy alta de tener éxito. Gracias a este sistema he recuperado una cuenta FTMO que estaba en pérdidas y hoy he logrado los objetivos de evaluación.

Mira este en el que estoy trabajando ahora mismo. Sé que no es el mejor momento para operar, pero aún así funciona. Probablemente lo cerraré pronto, porque me voy a dormir y no quiero tener operaciones abiertas.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Hello krakof.

I just used Google Translate to read your message and was very pleased to read that you have used this system to recover and pass an FTMO evaluation. This is very exciting, especially considering it is not an ideal time to be trading. Congratulations!

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Hi

This is very good Thread .I followed instructions per post 290, still not able to get arrows. Could you please help

Thanks

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Congratulations Bro !

Translated version

Hello, thanks for your conversation. Yes, I was actually looking several weeks ago and noticed that when the Coin Strength gauge goes out of the indicated levels and matches an arrow, I had a very high chance of success. Thanks to this system I have recovered an FTMO account that was in losses and today I have achieved the evaluation objectives. Check out this one I'm working on right now. I know it's not the best time to trade, but it still works. I'll probably close it soon, because I'm going to sleep and I don't want to have open trades.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Wow , We are looking forward to the new one. Thanks a lot :-) Our best wishes to your projects , Happy Holidays , Happyy newyear Kirk :-) and everyone

--- 帖子 #362 ---
im having the exact same issue, very weird ive. never had this before

--- 帖子 #363 ---
small little scalp

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Can someone upload here the indicators in their mt4 and also the template please because since yesterday I have not been able to display the arrows

there are several files circulating in the publication and I want to have people's files working on their side please

For my part it's like that the mt4 with the btba template

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hi MyTraderZone and Kmoney99 and whoever else is having the same issues with arrows not appearing.

I apologise that this has been your experience. In an effort to fix this issue once and for all I am releasing a new version of the BTBA indicator V3.0 which has the Currency Strength code removed and replaced by similar code which measures the difference in the ADX +DI and -DI values (34 period).

The results are very similar to all previous versions of the BTBA and it works for any currency pair, regardless of whether you have suffixes or not.

You will still need to have the BULLBEAR HISTO, the Tick - Volume Indicator and the Waddah Attar Explosion indicators in your /Indicators folder so this latest version will work as it should. All indicators have been attached again in this Post to ensure you can download from one place and do not have to go searching.

I have also included a Template (.tpl) file (copy into your /Templates folder). This will automatically show the arrows on the chart window, and the BULLBEAR HISTO, Tick - Volume Indicator, Waddah Attar Explosion and Average Directional Movement Indicators in separate windows.

Please note I was hoping to keep working on this indicator and then release it in early January 2024 after more testing, however I feel this is a decent option worth sharing for now. I hope it gets people out of trouble. A final version will be released sometime in January which will be professionally coded with more options and user inputs so people can test out different settings.

As with any indicator, this latest version 3.0 is NOT a 'silver bullet' trading solution and there will be false signals. Please use at your own risk and test on DEMO only until you feel satisfied it is working well enough to rely on with a live account. And only consider trading live when market conditions return to normal in the new year.

For now it is best to consider using this as a 'confluence alert signal' as part of a greater overall strategy, and not just on its own. I am not responsible for any losses incurred if using this indicator outside of the suggested session times and/or without using additional confirmation from other sources.

Best wishes to you all and please let me know if this latest version is not working as it should.

SETTINGS:

1) PLOT_MAXIMUM_BARS_BACK - default '5000' - no change here, change this value to display more signals further back in time. Good for back-testing otherwise it might be best to keep this value fairly low.

2) BullBearPeriod - no change here, adjust this value up to limit the amount of visible arrows and decrease this value to increase the amount of visible arrows.

3) tickR, tickS and tickU - no change here, these are the individual settings for the Tick - Volume Indicator. Adjust these values up or down to decrease / increase the number of visible alert arrows.

NEW INPUT OPTION - ADX

This option replaces the previous Currency Strength indicator option.

Please note that there is no separate ADX indicator available, so if you want this indicator to appear in a separate window you will need to use the native MT4 indicator called 'Average Directional Movement Index'. This can be found in the Navigator under 'Trend'.

I set the Style colour to NONE, the DI+colour to White and the DI- value to Black.

4) ADXPeriod - I use an Period value of '34'. Decrease this value to increase the amount of alert arrows appearing, and increase this value to decrease the amount of alert arrows appearing. There is also additional code making sure there is a gap between the DI+ and DI- for arrows to appear, and they will not appear if the gap is not sufficiently wide enough. This helps to filter out false signals.

5) VolumeThreshold - will limit arrows appearing based on MT4's native Tick Volume for each candle. Default is set to '0' as I personally don't use this feature, but it could be useful in filtering out arrow alerts if you only want high volume tick value arrow alerts appearing.

I have removed the exit alert arrow signals from this version as these appear all too often and clutter the chart window. If anybody would like a version with these included please private message me.

And lastly, the Alert Time filter has 4 individual values which you can set so arrows only appear during certain session times:

6) Start_From_Hour - default '0'

7) Start_From_Min - default '0'

8) End_To_Hour - default '23'

9) End_To_Min - default '59'

IMPORTANT: These above settings 6 to 9 may not be the correct values you need for your broker's server time.

For the first 2 hours of the New York opening session the broker I use (FTMO mainly) you would enter '15' for the Start_From_Hour value and '0' as the Start_To_Minute, then '16' for the End_To_Hour value and '59' for the End_To_Min'. You will need to check and calculate your own session time values based on the broker server time you see appearing in the Market Watch to ensure the indicator arrows appear at the correct session times that you need.

Test and tweak and find what works best for you for your own strategy. But again, it is important to NOT rely on these alerts on their own as they will produce false signals. Use only as a confluence alert as part of a bigger overall strategy.

Let me know your thoughts about this latest version and if it is working for you. And let us all know HOW you are using it, i.e. what other indicators are you using it with that work best for you?

EDIT: please download the main BTBA V3.0 indicator again if you have already downloaded, made a quick fix to ensure signals appearing correctly in some situations. Sorry...

ANOTHER EDIT: noticed the 'ADXThreshold' was not working correctly, I have had to remove this user input and make it a hard-coded value of '5' for now which cannot be edited. January update will fix this so it can be changed and tested with different values. People who already have downloaded should download the file again and replace their existing version.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
It suddenly worked like magic!

Thank you very much for your sharing it is really appreciated kirkleaforex!

For those who have problems you can try post365!

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Thanks for all the Hard Work. I am getting below message. Please help.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hi mate.

Sorry about that. When I saved the Template I had additional indicators that I use on the screen, so your MT4 is searching for those indicators and they are missing.

Please redownload the .tpl file from the Post above and replace the one you have, those error messages should then disappear.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
The beauty of multiple time-frame analysis...

I am a scalper at heart, so I prefer trading the 1 minute TF. But if I am looking for confluence elsewhere I look to the next higher TF, the 5 minute.

Have a look at the attached screenshot. At 11:35hrs (my broker time) there was a confirmed SELL entry Black arrow signal on the 5 minute TF, and this was being backed up by confluent sell Black arrow alerts on the 1 minute. You would enter at 11:40hrs once the M5 candle closed.

There was potential for MANY pips of profit if you entered that sell.

Me? I just take my 1% and exit.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hi kirkleaforex

Thanks for your time and effort..Yes it is working good now

Thanks

--- 帖子 #371 ---
3 more trades 1 loss 2 winners, enough for today

--- 帖子 #372 ---
No trades today in either session for me

--- 帖子 #373 ---
I was tempted  so finally the last one

but it was my mistake I wanted to sell and did buy thats it when you in hurry

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Kirk,

maybe one suggestion if possible in next version of your system to make simple graph not so many indies there, to combine them into maybe one arrow. So when your black & white arrows appears together with this new one you can enter. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Just loaded the new template from Kirk and did one more test trade.  All is ok. Thanks Kirk for your nice job,

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Careful over trading, even on a demo account this can create bad habits. I know it’s fun when you have an accurate system but half the battle is staying disciplined…otherwise you’ll start to chase.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Hi there,

These set-ups, where both arrows prints close (almost at the same time) seems very powerfull

https://gyazo.com/39b291e204b86333a98960be1b327de3

PS: Does the blue/red arrows repaint?

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Hi pipcruiser.

Yes the Supply Demand Pro indicator shared by Teapeak seems to work very well when paired with the BTBA arrow alerts. The TP can be placed at an opposing zone area, and the SL can perhaps be placed on the opposite side of the zone you enter from.

I wish you good trading and thanks for being here.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Здравствуйте! Использую любезно предоставленный вами индикатор Supply Demand Pro. Вы могли бы дать Ваш пресет настроек этого индюка? Заранее благодарю.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Just providing an English translation for the benefit of teapeak and the rest of the thread. Thanks for being here lipopos.

"Hello! I am using the Supply Demand Pro indicator you kindly provided. Could you give me your preset settings for this turkey? Thank you in advance."

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Im following all the steps I’m not new to this whatsoever, but it just doesnt seem to work. I’ve deleted all files, reloaded mt4, even signed out of account and back in. Still nothing. Can anyone tell me what they think is up?

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Thanks! But I hope he will read it in Russian,

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Hi Kmoney99.

There were a few code changes made late after I first posted all those files, perhaps you need to redownload both the BTBA V3.0 (and maybe the Template file if you are using this) from scratch?

January is around the corner mate, if nothing works right now you can be sure the better coded version will be fine. Sorry for the trouble in the meantime though. Very frustrating

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Wow Thanks again Kirk for all your efforts and time :-)

--- 帖子 #385 ---
I do see SD arrows repints if we switch timeframes

but Teapeak claried as below, tea is an experince trader his entries are very solid, we need to keep practice, I see if we combine with both arrows SD arrows, Zones and BTBA arrows works good.

" if you dont touch the TF of MT4 arrows should stay. Its not repainting as S&D levels are evolving and changing over the time but when you change TF and goes back only valid arrows will remains."

--- 帖子 #386 ---
yes exactly this is same what I wrote also here beforeand I did opposite....

--- 帖子 #387 ---
You just try with EMA 50 / 8 crossover on M5 with various insrruments on M5 chart , and enter based on the BTBA arrows , we can surely see an edge. any strategy requires volume, I beleive thats why BTBA arrows are very powerful

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Thanks a lot luckily we learned Russian language in school years ago so no problem to understand

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Я использую только настройки по умолчанию - I am using just default settings

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Thank you so much Kirkleaforex.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
A really good BTBA V3.0 filter . Thanks to kirkleaforex for this wonderful indicator!

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Thanks very much for this wonderful appraisal, lipopos. It is very much appreciated.

I see that you are a 'veteran' here at FF, so your Post above does mean a lot. Thanks for being a part of this thread and contributing.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
You've really done a great job bringing together a lot of water data.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Can’t wait! Im very eager to try a great system haha. I appreciate your efforts in helping all of us out. Thank u so much. Cheers

--- 帖子 #396 ---
KmMoney99 I sent you a private message earlier, hoping I can assist in sorting this out for you, reply to that message when you can.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Thanks Kirk, the more i study/backtest/trade this the more I like it - thanks a lot.

PC

--- 帖子 #398 ---
pipcruiser thanks for that, it's great seeing people having success with it.

I look forward to sharing a more 'robust' and feature-rich version of the BTBA early in the new year.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Hello,

It works perfectly now, thank you. Could you please reintegrate the exit alert arrow signal? It helps to identify the best moment to exit, despite cluttering the chart window.

I tried the indicator on the US30 chart, and it worked for the moment I executed a successful trade with it.

I am planning to use BTBA in a prop firm real account in January .

PS : If anyone is interested, I can share with you a free trade manager that can execute trades, calculate the lot size, close partial trades, and move the stop-loss to breakeven (see the screenshot)

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Can you share the trade manager here please it's really appreciated

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Hi all!

It is a superb thread. I would like to thank kirkleaforex for all the work he put in this hole idea. Nice work, we all appreciate the effort.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Awsome and thanks for offering the TM, please share when you get a chance

--- 帖子 #403 ---
830 big win

--- 帖子 #404 ---
930 also big win

done for day

--- 帖子 #405 ---
one quick shot

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Great trading - on your TV do you get an alert or? I dont see arrow or alike on the charts?

Thx

PC

--- 帖子 #407 ---
I get alerts yes, but don’t really need them because I’m only looking to trade around two very specific times.

as far as the arrows, I’ve come to the conclusion that you don’t really need them tbh. The currency strength and the WAE + HA is enough confluence for me to enter trade. The currency strength indicator is very powerful and quickly centered my system around that once I observed that.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Thanks ML,

Playing with the setup on futures https://gyazo.com/6b3d330218bb28d751ede43ebc772987

PC

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Keep in mind, my indicator may be different, my approach to the measurement of strength is to directly  compare GOLD and EURUSD by observing its relative strength. I’ve tried different approaches to measuring currency strength and using EURUSD as an anchor holds strongest.. I wait for them to cross the 50 level while simultaneously crossing each other. For a buy, GOLD should be angled up and EURUSUD should be angled down. Time this with WAE, HA, and the liquidity influx around 830 and 930 and your guaranteed profit.

exiting is a whole different beast and I’m still mastering that myself

the indicator I used was previously posted

--- 帖子 #410 ---
as lazy market today and not behind the computer too often but finally I have got some trades today.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Hi vaczak, thanks for your comment and for being part of this whole experience. Great to have you here.

I look forward to reading more about your experience as we continue forward.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Hi Adashi, thanks for posting that free Trade Manager here for people to try out, I think it is a valuable addition to help people manage their trading discipline.

In reply to your request for a version that includes the trade exit arrow alerts I have just completed BTBA V3.1 with exit alerts (attached).

I have removed all reference to the Stochastic Oscillator Overbought and Oversold conditions for these alerts as was used previously. All exit alerts are now based around a changing TVI value and they require a certain 'Threshold' in order to be considered valid. Based on the market volume this Threshold is either 2500 / -2500 (for moderate volume) or 5000 / -5000 (for higher volume) but these values can be changed in the settings to suit market conditions.

The additional indicator inputs are as follows:

1) TVI_Buy_Exit_Threshold1 (default value '5000') - used for higher volume market conditions when the TVI has breached a value above 5000. You will notice once the Blue histogram changes colour to Coral it represents a decrease in the TVI, and this is your exit signal.

2) TVI_Buy_Exit_Threshold2 (default value '2500') - used for moderate volume market conditions when the TVI has breached a value above 2500. Again, you will notice once the Blue histogram changes colour to Coral it represents a decrease in the TVI, and this is your exit signal.

3) TVI_Sell_Exit_Threshold1 (default value '-5000') - used for higher volume market conditions when the TVI has breached a value below -5000. You will notice once the Red histogram changes colour to Light Blue it represents an increase in the TVI, and this is your exit signal.

4) TVI_Buy_Exit_Threshold2 (default value '2500') - used for moderate volume market conditions when the TVI has breached a value below -2500. Again, you will notice once the Red histogram changes colour to Light Blue it represents an increase in the TVI, and this is your exit signal.

I recommend looking back in time and seeing where the TVI 'mountains' manage to reach during periods of higher volume in the market. Place some horizontal lines on your TVI indicator window at whatever values you feel represent high or moderate volatility based on your chosen currency pair, and then change to these values in the indicator settings.

It is simple enough to remove the alert crosses altogether by changing the values to a number that is unobtainable, i.e. 100,000 (any number you feel the TVI indicator would never reach). This would be useful if you only want the 'high volume' exit crosses appearing, for example...change the values to a high number for the Threshold2 alert crosses.

As always, these exit alerts may not be suitable for everyone and the signals themselves may not represent an ideal exit opportunity, they are simply a discretionary approach to exiting a trade based on the changing values of the TVI indicator 'mountains'.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Hi Kirk,

maybe you overlooked my post #375 as no answer could you pls check? Thanks
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post14695588

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Thanks teapeak, you are right...totally missed it!

Can you private message me so we can discuss away from the thread, thanks mate. I need to check a few things with you so I fully understand your question.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Here is a good example of how the exit alert crosses can be utilised in the new BTBA V3.1.

See attached screenshot. I have changed the indicator settings so that the Threshold2 exit alert crosses do not appear - only the Threshold1 crosses are visible.

For context, in the screenshot the Lime Green solid vertical line represents the New York open and the Lime Green dotted vertical line is 2 hours after this.

You can see when the market is really moving strongly these crosses will definitely give you an idea of when to exit.

The crosses can also be seen as possible market reversal points, i.e. after you see a Blue buy exit cross, you can decide whether the next Black sell arrow alert is a good trade entry point, and vice-versa.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
And here is the same chart but with the additional Threshold2 crosses also visible.

Threshold1 exits = high volume in the market with a lot of directional movement in the currency pair;
Threshold2 exits = moderate volume in the market with considerable movement in the currency pair.

It is worth experimenting with these levels based on your chosen currency pair and decide what works best.

IMPORTANT: the exit alert crosses may also be used in deciding whether or not to open a new trade in the same direction after exiting. These 'threshold' levels can be seen as possible 'extremes', similar to a Stochastic overbought / oversold level.

It is worth thinking twice about opening a new BUY trade if the TVI value is above the upper Threshold1 exit value, and the same for opening new SELL trades if the TVI value is below the lower Threshold1 exit value.

Always use your own discretion.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/bunnYMfH/

Try this exit signal, may be helpful

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Thanks Buddy!

PC

--- 帖子 #419 ---
How (Based on what) do you hold the second trade? because there are red arrow appearing opposite with your trade. Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Hello,

This trade manager is a tool offered by a trading firm in its panel. Here's how to install it on MT4:Download the trade manager (Trading_Panel MT4.ex4) Open your MT4 platform Copy the downloaded trade manager file In MT4, select File > Open Data Folder > MQL > Expert Advisor Paste the trade manager file and close the window In MT4, refresh the Expert Advisor from the navigation. You will see the FN Trade Manager file Drag it onto any chart, allow live trading, and run it *Ensure that the Auto-Trading option and Allow Live Trading option in the EA are turned on.

*The product is completely free and can be used on any MT4 platform.

*Please test the product in demo mode before using it in a real trading environment.

Thank you, Kirkleaforex, for this wonderful version that includes the trade exit arrow alerts.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Metatrader freezes completely after I try dropping the indicator, any idea why?

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hi Iain7123.

Can you send me a private message letting me know exactly which indicators you have downloaded, from which Post etc, and tried adding to the chart?

All versions of the BTBA indicator rely on you already having a set of additional indicators in your /Indicators folder. If you do not have these then this is a possible reason why MT4 is freezing.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Thank you very much Adashi :-) Appreciated

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Replaced the exit Indicator to Chandlier exit with some settings refer chart https://www.tradingview.com/chart/bunnYMfH/ looks good to me

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #427 ---
First, thanks for such a powerful system. I 've read all the thread and do not have any doubt that one can pass prop challenge with it (with some effort, of course). Second, did you try to consider two consecutive red TVI candles only in case if they were below zero (for sell) and vice versa. Probably that can help to filter out some false entries.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Thanks Loquito, welcome aboard, good to have you here.

Your suggestion is something I will have to try, thanks for your contribution.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
this is my first day using it and just following the arrows, didn’t get the 2% mark but 1.5% is fine for me

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Also, it is better to have an open source files, always. So, if anybody is in need of reliable SR indicator - here it is. Pretty much similar to another one, that is used here by some members.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Thanks for sharing, wyatth12! And congrats

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Thanks for sharing this file with the thread, Loquito!

--- 帖子 #433 ---
WANT TO THANK KIRKLEAFOREX FOR sharing this system and wish everyone the best in 2024

anyone trading from usa could you recommend a broker

thanks

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Thanks for your Post nettaxi, you are very welcome. I'm so glad this is helping people out.

I can't wait to release the updated version 4.0 early in the new year, which will offer the following input options (in addition to the existing input settings options):

- Show All Entry Arrows? (Y/N)

- Show Only First Entry Arrow? (Y/N)

- Entry Arrow colour input fields

- Show Coloured Candles? (Y/N)

- Bullish / Bearish candle colour input fields

- Show Exit Alerts? (Y/N)

- Show Only TVI Exit Alerts? (Y/N)

- Show Only Stoch Exit Alerts? (Y/N)

- Show ALL Exit Alerts? (Y/N)

- Exit Alert colour input fields

- Alert Arrow Size

- Alert 'Gap' away from candle

- Screen Alerts / Email Alerts / Push Notifications

In a future version I am also planning to introduce a range of MTF filters to add higher TF confluence to the existing signals.

2024 gonna be an amazing year!

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Hi kirkleaforex, thanks for all of your efforts and for publishing this valuable tools for free,  really helping out the community

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Hi can you help by explaining the way u entering? If just simply following arrows its not good as my tests shows.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Hi Kirk

This is really a fantastic system and (most importantly) very easy to follow! Thank you for all your work in putting this together and I look forward to this shiny new version in 2024!

One challenge I get is trying to stay out when the market gets choppy. Any tips to avoid signals when the market is going in a consolidation phase?

Thank you again. Happy New Year.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Hi Jkinghome, thanks for your comment and welcome to the thread.

Yes, trading market chop is amongst a trader's biggest of challenges. As most traders should be aware, markets consolidate roughly 80% of the time or more and then trend the remainder, so it is important to abstain from trading during times when the markets have low volume and no clear directional 'intention'. Staying out of the market at these times will help mitigate the risk of unnecessary loss.

It takes discipline though!

The BTBA can be used as a valid signal on its own during high volume session times, BUT NOT ALWAYS. There are always false signals with any system or strategy, and chop can and does happen during some NY sessions. But if you put the odds in your favour by being selective with your chosen session time you are giving yourself an edge.

Also, as mentioned a number of times throughout the thread, the BTBA is perhaps best seen as a 'confluence tool'. While it does offer a fairly clear picture of the immediate directional bias, it is considerably more powerful when you have additional confluence factors supporting your trading decisions. This, combined with trading with high volume, should see you develop that edge even more.

Back-Testing:

Here's an idea - if the NY open / London close overlap is an appropriate time for you to be trading (or even first few hours of the London open if preferred), change the PLOT_MAXIMUM_BARS_BACK setting to a large number (i.e. 50,000) and do a visual back-test to see what happens during that time window every day. Using an indicator to plot vertical time lines at your chosen session start / end times every day will help make this task a little easier (I have one I can share if you're interested).

Questions to ask yourself when back-testing:

- How accurate are the BTBA arrows on their own, and how much more reliable could they be if used with, say, a decent support and resistance indicator, or a preferred set of moving averages, or a Bollinger Band breakout, or TDI, or whatever else you feel helps increase your edge?

- if you trade using a desktop / laptop, consider using side-by-side windows with the second window showing the BTBA indicator on a higher TF. Does a confirmed higher TF alert arrow add confluence?

- keep the FF calendar open in another tab and check to see if the market is consolidating during your preferred session times. During these session times was it because the market was anticipating a red folder NEWS event?

For many of us it is important to NOT trade on news days, just stay right away, do something else more important or more enjoyable with your valuable time...preservation of capital is KEY in all this so don't risk it when the market is likely to be giving wild and unpredictable signals. Practise being disciplined, and reward yourself for staying disciplined. It should feel good to say 'No' to trading if you see conditions are choppy, or if there is a high impact news event scheduled.

There are so many ways the BTBA can be used, but always remember that chop can and does happen even during the NY open / London close overlap, so there will always be the occasional loss day, these are simply unavoidable. Get comfortable with this idea. If trading is a long-term dream prospect and you really want to succeed at it, realise that losses are the inevitable cost of business, and some days you will have successive losses and you will need to take a break and simply walk away. But ideally, the number of winning days should outnumber the loss days by a significant margin, because you are giving yourself an edge by 1) being selective about when you participate in the market, and 2) by adding confluence factors to assist with your trading decisions.

Remember:

1) if you don't bet, you can't win, BUT;
2) if you lose all your chips, you can't bet.

(Ramble over...)

--- 帖子 #439 ---
As ICT once said (not exact words, but very close), "any profitable strategy, once it becomes widely known, turns to perform worse..." He also added that the reason was not clear for him.
Kirkleaforex, aren't you afraid to share?)))

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Later today I am going to put up the system and try it out.

kirkleaforex, the latest version is the v3.1, right? beside that, I have to install the indicators from the #1 post, if I understood properly

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Thanks for the idea. Can you share this vertical time lines indicator?

--- 帖子 #442 ---
That has never been confirmed. There's the strategy from alien, from laura the roadmap, HGI, etc and all of them still behave the same...

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Hi mate.

The original version of this indicator can be found at: https://www.mql5.com/en/code/12266

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Hi vaczak.

Latest version is V3.1, correct...however do not use this OR original indicators from Post #1 as a lot has changed since then.

Please delete everything related to BTBA from your /Indicators folder and then download V3.2 and the three additional indicators from this Post. Once copied and pasted into your /Indicators folder refresh your Navigator to compile the mq4 files. This should work fine.

In this version 3.2 I have updated the available exit alert options, but these can be turned 'off' by changing the colours for Buffers 2 to 5 to 'None'.

Let me know whether you have any trouble.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Thanks a lot, I will let you know how it went.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hi mate.

ICT is referring to widely known strategies used by very large numbers of traders around the world (VERY large numbers!) It is impossible to even contemplate that this strategy of mine would ever become that widely known and used.

Also, this is just an indicator, not a strategy. The indicator invites participation by the wider community in utilising it as just one part of their own trading system. It is open to interpretation and it relies on discretion. There are no defined rules.

So to answer your question - I am not afraid to share. It is just a simple idea I had that seems to work well at certain market session times, and people are free to use it as they like. It is one way I can give back to this amazing community that has helped me in my journey so much over the last two decades.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
I don't know why, but this indi is not showing anything at my MT4 (XAUUSD 1min tf).

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Everything works like a charm, thanks again. Now I just have to get familiar with everything, mostly with the signals provided by your indi.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
How is your challenge doing lately?

--- 帖子 #450 ---
I stopped the challenge on Day 2, I fell asleep before the trading session started and by Day 3 I quickly realised I couldn't sustain trading at midnight on top of everything else on I had on my plate.

It has been a crazy time for me these past few months, so many projects happening all at once, burning the candle at both ends, and I mistakenly thought I could stay up until all hours and do a demo challenge. Bad move.

Once markets return to normal in January I will look at doing a demo challenge in here again. But not until the second week of January when my life begins to slow down a bit.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
For me, it is working on latest MT4. I can suggest only one thing for you to do - compile this file in your MT4. That means open this mq4 file and compile - you will get ex4 file.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Hello, kirkleaforex, I like your trading system, since I come from very short operations, I am interested in trying it in a test environment in some prop firm, but I have some questions, I wanted to know if the entries and exits that I am taking are in accordance to the strategy, also if my setup is the right one; I use longer times to follow the price and M1 for entries

Sorry for the English, it's not that good, I'm aware of the updates

I attach today's operations in a simulated environment with r 1:1

I also wanted to know if you have any ideal input and output setup, thank you very much for your time and sorry for so many questions.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Hi LinuxBoy97, thanks for joining this thread.

The strategy as I originally outlined in Post #1 is a little outdated now. This forum thread has evolved to the point where I am more focussed on people exploring their own usage of the BTBA indicator, either as part of their own system they are already using, or by testing for possible confluence with other indicators.

As far as my own usage, personal settings etc, I mainly use the BTBA indicator on its own with no other indicators on the chart. I only trade during session times where is high volume, i.e. the overlap between NY open and London close. When I return to live trading in January I will be experimenting with trading the London open, as this is a better time for me (NY open is midnight for me in Australia), and there is still some reliable volume that I feel is enough for this indicator to work.

When I am trading I don't enter a trade after the first arrow I see, instead I watch basic price action, market structure etc and only take what I consider are higher probability trade setups.

I do like some of the 'ICT' concepts that are available, so I often wait for a 'Fair Value Gap' to appear and then trade the first available BTBA arrow after I see one of these. I do feel this gives me more of an edge, but I do not have the source code for an FVG indicator to include this idea as part of the BTBA indicator, so for me the FVG aspect is my personal addition. Also, ICT concepts are very 'polarising' within the Forex community; people either see the potential or they dismiss the idea, so for that reason alone I wouldn't include FVG's as a feature within the BTBA indicator.

I also like teapeak's Supply Demand Pro indicator and I have been experimenting with this recently. I particularly like looking at the zones on higher TF charts (M5 / M15) and when I can see confluent zones appearing across multiple time-frames I feel this adds weight to a trading idea.

This whole idea is very discretionary, and it needs to be. Indicators might work a lot of the time but they also produce false signals, and it is too easy for a trader to blame the indicator when things go wrong. The indicator can work very well on its own, but it will work better when used with discretion and in confluence with other ideas and approaches. I encourage everyone to back-test this indicator and find their own way of using it.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Hi good morning to you. Thanks once again for sharing your trading method here but I have tried so many times to load the biting the big apple indicator on my trading platform but all to no avail. I am using exness and I have not been able to make it work with this broker.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Dear Kirkleaforex, I hope you can put these words to the the first post of the entire thread. Because, for now it is stated there that one can just follow arrows. That is why people continue to ask about the exact rules...

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Hi kirkleaforex, thank you very much for sharing your strategy and the time and effort you have put into it. Thank you.

I have installed all the indicators from post #445 as well as the template from post #365. Unfortunately I am not shown any entry signals. Only the exit signals.

Am I doing something wrong?

Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Hi mate.

I have been able to assist several others on here using Zoom to get things working. If you feel like doing this send me a private message with your contact details and we can make a time to get you up and running.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hi dr.butze. I think you might need to delete that template file from Post #365, I think it is pointing to older versions of the BTBA indicator that have slight differences in the code. This would be one reason it wouldn't be working.

It is best if you just use the indicators from Post #445 and then create your own Template. Let me know if that works.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Loquito, thanks for your suggestion. I will look at placing another paragraph in Post #1 explaining how things have evolved and changed.

At the end of the day however people are responsible for their own learning, just as they are responsible for their own trading decisions. If people read the entire thread they will come to understand that the focus has now changed and the 'strategy' as I initially outlined is no longer recommended.

The most important aspect of this thread as I now see it is people need to learn that indicators are only as reliable as the people using them. Indicators are best used with discretion, and they are best used in confluence with other factors.

Essentially, an indicator holds a mirror up to the person using it, and what it reflects back reveals people's inner strengths and weaknesses. If the person is disciplined and keen on learning how to use an indicator responsibly, they will have more success than someone who uses it blindly.

That's the new focus of this thread.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
I am super excited to let you all know that I have received the updated indicator version (V4.0) complete with bells and whistles such as 'Show Only First Entry Arrow', 'Show Coloured Candles', Show / Hide exit alerts, screen / email / push notification functionality plus more.

See below screenshot showing today's London open (red vertical line).

I have the 'Show Only First Entry Arrow' set to 'YES' and the 'Show Coloured Candles' also set to 'YES', and this is how it looks.

There are some minor fixes I am requesting so it is not yet ready for sharing, but the bulk of it is working exactly as I was hoping. As the coding team are away for their end of year holiday I am hoping it will be ready to share with you all by the end of the first week of January.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Great when used in confluence with the Supply Demand Pro indicator...

(Red / Blue arrow alerts come from the Supply Demand Pro indi, White and Black arrow alerts are the BTBA V4.0 indi).

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Thank you very much for your quick reply. I have omitted the template and dragged the indicators to the default template. Unfortunately without improvement. I had also tested V3.0. No entries were shown to me there either. I have set the broker time and the symbol name of my broker XAUUSD should not be a problem either. It is an ECN with IC Markets.

Do you have any other ideas for me?

Thank you very much!

Translated with DeepL.com (free version)

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Awesome Kirk - thanks a bunch for keeping refining this

PC

--- 帖子 #464 ---
My personal dream scenario would be to get the alerts (sell example) rejection of a support zone AND the 1. sell arrow...(so only sell alert if price has been rejected from a recent support zone)
https://gyazo.com/49ea24b32fd7e6ebef3305ad14671d76

Not sure if its doable?

Thx again

PC

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Hey pipcruiser...yeah I agree totally. Trouble is I only have a decompiled version of the Supply Demand Pro indi, if I had source code it would be a no brainer.

Worth asking the good folks who do my coding though, see what they say.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Send me a private message and we can make a time to look into this together. I can't think of any reason without seeing exactly what you are doing, and this is best sorted away from the main thread.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
perfect - thank you very much! I'll get back to you in the new year. I wish you a good start to 2024 and all the best!!!

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Hi again,

I recon that the MQ4 version posted earlier might do the job?

PC

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Hats off..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #470 ---
I just compared the behaviour of both indicators in MT4 tester on Gold M1 (couple of previous days)... it was almost the same...as advice - use only strong SR. For example, untested SR levels do often appear after BTBA arrow (in case if somebody only look at history chart)...

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Hi Kirkleaforex, thanks for your prompt reply, I am very excited about the BTBA results, following the metrics of your original post I am getting good results, always looking for confluences in higher timeframes and trading between the london and new york range or vice versa, I share with you some trades I did today looking for 1:1, I traded after a strength candle and looked for confluence with the strength indicator.

I am anxious to try the new version, greetings and have a happy new year.

Translated with DeepL.com (free version)

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hi Kirk, maybe you can try also the S&D indie from this post> 469

as looks very similar to my post if not the same but only difference is that this is without arrows, so maybe your programmers could recreate them too.

Tea

--- 帖子 #473 ---
My last trade of the year

Happy New Year friends.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hello Mr. Kirkleaforex, thank you so much for your indicator, you have a very unique heart making an indicator with your money and time and giving it for free. You inspired me to start a challenge, now trading propfirm account currently in phase one with 3%. With the help of your indicator I see myself and other people in this thread improve in trading and income in 2024. Wishing you and your family and everyone in this thread a Happy New year .

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Hello kirkleaforex,

First of all, I appreciate to say thank you. Thank you very much for the strategies you have shared. I did some back test and found that BTBA works very well with Supply Demand Pro, I can't wait to see the next version. And finally, I would like to thank everyone who has participated in commenting and sharing things in this post.

Thank you and Happy New Year to Everyone.

Prasit.P

--- 帖子 #476 ---
I see your using the style I use, careful on the first short trade..make sure that the WAE is extreme and typically a lot larger than than the previous bars…this will help make sure volatility is on your side. Nice trades. Also, I find it helps to not trade back to back, take your winnings and wait for next major trend or 8:30/9:30

--- 帖子 #477 ---
I do recognize BTBA version 2 with WAE and MQLTA are the great combination than than the BTBA Ver 3 ( ADX little lagging).

Tradingview we are using USDEUR/XAUUSD for the negative correlation , MT4 we have USD and XAU on MQLTA, do you think both crossovers are pretty much same !?

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Nice Trades Linux, by filtering MQLTA M15 I see good results specifically between 8.30 AM EST and 11 AM EST, do yu use M5 for HTF confirmation !?

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Hi MalvernTrust.

Just letting you know I am having an updated V2.0 coded with Currency Strength entry signals which can be used on any currency pair, whether people have suffixes or not. Should be ready in a few days.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Thanks prasitp, I appreciate your message, welcome to the thread.

I look forward to sharing the latest version very soon. The coding team are on their holiday right now but are back at the end of this week, so I have my fingers crossed I can share the new version here at the start of next week.

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Hi Complexboy47, welcome to the thread.

That is very exciting, 3% already. Congratulations!  I look forward to your continued involvement here and I wish continued success throughout the year ahead.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
I look forward to using this indi with S & D + TDI + BB to get into a pro-firm this year.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Awsome and Thank you very much Kirk for your generocity. Looking forward to it.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Hi..

Just bumped onto this thread earlier today and tried attaching the given indi on mt4. Does the btba indi repaint or otherwise; just wondering.

This method seems promising to be made into an averaging entry via the various arrow entries with a single exit TP expert advisor...

Will be looking into this method this week...

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Hi samuel84, thanks for joining us and Happy New Year.

The BTBA indicator uses the TVI as an integral part of the code, and I have noticed at least once that the TVI in isolation does repaint, but as this is just one of the indicators used in confluence with several others the chances of this affecting the alert arrows are very slim. The BTBA would not be recommended if it were relying solely on the TVI for signals.

The BullBear Histo, Waddah Attar Explosion and ADX indicators do not repaint in the slightest, ensuring the overall signals are very reliable. I included the TVI as a way of 'smoothing' the signals and preventing some false signals from generating, it seemed to provide better results overall in my testing than when I excluded it.

Good luck this week with your testing, let me know how you get on.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Awesome oki! I look forward to seeing your results using these additional indicators in confluence with the BTBA.

Look out, Prop Firms! Here we come!

--- 帖子 #488 ---
BE AWARE that trading conditions are likely to remain VOLATILE throughout the remainder of this first week of January.

Trade live funds at your own risk. It is highly recommended to just trade on DEMO until the markets become more stable next week.

OR how about you just enjoy a week away from the screen! The market will still be there when you get back!

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Hello everyone, I hope the moderator has had a happy year and everyone here the same, the first trade of the year, it should be noted that the account I am using is a demo account that will have a duration of one month, I want to see the results in the medium term to acquire a proof of funding and start the real trade, I will be publishing all my operations here, thank you very much for the advice and looking forward to the new version

Some of the metrics that I take into account when executing a trade is to look for a supply or demand zone in longer time frames, such as M5 or M15, here I leave some of my setup

I don't usually trade on sundays, I made an exception today because I want to document everything related to the indi

May this 2024 be an extraordinary year for all of us.

psdt: I only trade the xau/usd pair.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Thanks for your contribution, LinuxBoy97. I look forward to seeing your results over this month.

I would recommend commencing the month of testing from the start of next week when market conditions are perhaps more suitable and less volatile, particularly as this is a forward test with a view to proving a concept. I wouldn't want your results potentially skewed by less than ideal trading conditions.

In any case your contribution is very welcome.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
A little bit greedy (took 20 pips, instead of 10 pips)..

Hats off..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Hi kirkleaforex, is it possible to add a higher time frame confirmation filter option to the indi ? , I mean the arrow on 1 min chart only appears whenwe have  an arrow with the same direction on the same candle or candle before in 5 or 15 min time frame,

--- 帖子 #493 ---
A while ago took 15 pips (managed the risk, 5 pip grid)..

Total 35 pips (still at london session)..

Hats off..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #494 ---
What makes the hollow white arrows? I use the 3.2 version and have no such arrows.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
A little bit greedy again (scratching my head, trusting the untested resistance line)..

The S&R indicator redraws (just a reminder)..

Took another 35 pips (total 70 pips)..

Hats off..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Just now..

Took another 30 pips (total 100 pips)..

Done for now.. Trade again tomorrow..

Hats off..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #497 ---
I forgot to post..

I marked my exact entries on (that manually placed) white hollow arrows.. just to show you guys..

hj

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Hello Kirk, sorry for asking this question again,  I am trying to find the set of Indicators which supports XAUUSDx. I am assuming somepoint this issue has been resolved. I tried multiple versions but no luck.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
My 2 cents, you don't have to (but it's your choice)..

hj

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Nice trades HappyJoel, Seems like this trade you entered before BTBA black arrows and just after the SD red arrows.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
hi man, do u have any video walkthrough, am new to this and sort of confused about it all. thank you

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Hi all and thanks kirk for the advice I will take it very much into account, due to the volatility of the market, I am being very cautious with the operations, 1.1% of the market and I am out for now, I am not greedy.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Nice trades broo

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Idk if these happens to you guys.. That red arrow was overshadowed by a black arrow, but disappears when I shift to M5-M15 TF then back again at M1..

As a trader, I triggered that trade because I speculate it's a short trend continuation from what I've seen from M5-M15 TF (and that disappeared black arrow)..

I should've wait for the black arrows to appear and stays..

hj

--- 帖子 #505 ---
I haven't had that problem yet, as I only use BTBA on an M1 timeframe.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
I cannot find that exact post where it is mentioned, but as I remember it will repaint arrows if timeframe is changed.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
I didnt recognize BTBA arrows repainting, but SD arrows if you move the time frame it does repaint

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hello kirkleaforex, thank you again for your kind offers of help.

I wish you and your family a happy new year!

I have reinstalled Metatrader 4 and only loaded the indicators for BTBA. Under "Experts" I see that the indicator "Tick - Volume Indicator.ex4" cannot be loaded. Under "Journal", however, I am shown that this indicator has been loaded successfully.

Is this probably why the BTBA indicator is not showing me any entry signals?

Edit: The reference to the volume indicator only appears if the BTBA indicator is loaded on the chart.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Wins in both sessions like usual

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hi Arash86, this is something I am slowly working on for a future version, but this will take some time to code and test to make sure it works as it should.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Hi mate. I am updating V2.0 at the moment so that it will work on any instrument with any suffix. I am told this will be ready in the next 1 or 2 days.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Hello and welcome to the thread.

I have been thinking about this a bit lately, I think it would definitely help. The trouble I have is having the available time.

Once the updated V4.0 is available I will at least provide some more explanatory screenshots detailing the different user inputs etc. Until then I recommend just practicing with a DEMO account to get the feel of how it all works.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
please upload the video tutorial, this will be a great help. Thanks

--- 帖子 #514 ---
The Supply Demand Pro arrows will disappear if you change time frame and change back again, there's no avoiding this.

Please note however, if you change TF and change back again and arrows disappear THIS IS NOT REPAINTING. Repainting is when the existing arrows move or disappear WITHOUT changing the TF.

If you change TF and change back again and notice arrows are no longer there It isn't a fault in the code. The arrows appear if certain conditions are met. When you change TF and change back again it refreshes and recalculates the data that was used to make the arrows appear, based on any new information that has happened since. If price has moved enough the previous conditions which signalled the original arrows to appear might no longer be valid, meaning the arrows won't appear now. There is nothing wrong with the indicator. The issue is you have changed the TF which caused the recalculation of data.

For this reason I never change the TF of the window I am trading from, I have additional windows open if I want to see a higher TF.

There are plenty of indicators out there which do repaint, and while some of them are useful, most are dreadful. The worst of these types of indicators appear to accurately predict absolute tops and bottoms when you look back in time, but it's mostly just poor coding, or otherwise they are coded specifically to appear that way for obvious reasons! ($$$)

Classic examples of repainting indicators are the Centered TMA, Fisher / Solar Wind, even the well-known and widely used Zig Zag repaints. The Zig Zag is still very useful though, you just need to know HOW to use it properly to get around the repainting aspect.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
A video tutorial is highly unlikely as I just don't have the time available to devote to that. If my situation changes then I would be open to making a video series, but right now it is just not possible.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hello dr.butze.

This could be the problem perhaps, it is impossible for me to know without seeing what is happening over a Zoom call where you can share your screen. It should only take a few minutes to do this. Send me a private message so we can discuss a time to chat.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
From post 515

"For this reason I never change the TF of the window I am trading from, I have additional windows open if I want to see a higher TF."

A very very serious quote and reminder from our boss.

hj

--- 帖子 #518 ---
For me, this would be a high probability setup.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Hi can you explain a bit what u looking for on the chart besides you already said in in this thread. Im asking because timing of trades so random, sometimes u enter on :27 min sometimes on 45 min. At first i thought its stricly :30-31 min but now im confused

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Why not? out for today

--- 帖子 #521 ---
I look for the first and best setup from 8:30 and same from 9:30 … sometimes maybe 25% of the time it comes right on the dot. However there’s many times when it’s delayed by up to a half hour.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Got it, Thanks very much for your explanations.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Please take your time, no rush, Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
This is a perfect "textbook" set-up if you want to consider multiple TFs.

CONGRATULATIONS on your win

--- 帖子 #525 ---
HappyJoel you are smashing this! Congratulations mate.

(I am glad you decided to quit while you were ahead though! There's always tomorrow)

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Thanks boss.. and thanks also for reminding us to trade responsibly (Post 1)..

hj

__________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #527 ---
the indicator isnt working no matter how much i try

it just wont show anything

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Hi Smillyjoker, sorry you are having trouble. These things are pretty easily fixed but I woukd rather take this out of the thread and into a private chat if you don't mind?

Please send me a msg when you can and we can discuss how I can assist. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Yes I feel those are the most relevant times for the idea of biting the big apple, it would probably work at London open as some are reporting but as this is a USD pair and that I live in Eastern time zone US, this is what works for me. 830 is considered to be New York open for forex and 930 is pit open/NYSE open, so these would seem to be the times with the most potential volume.

You mentioned possible exit strategies earlier, are you doing anything in particular to exit? Do you have a stop loss or an idea of where you will cut your loss if needed?

Thanks for your excellent contributions to this method, wish you all the best and many green pips in 2024.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Started trades, 19 min after London open..

Good day to start, total 40 pips..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

hj

__________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Added 15 pips.. Still comparing trend from 5M-15M TF..

Total 55 pips..
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

hj

__________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Just go to higher TF like H1/H4 and fine-tune your speculation on 5M/15M for trend continuation..

Added 20 more pips, total 75 pips..
I'll stop trading for this day coz we got reds on news..
I speculate gold and other currency pairs will go erratic since it's getting busy today (3rd day of the year).. my choice, you got yours..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

hj

__________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #533 ---
HappyJoel at this rate mate you should be careful I don't ask you to be thread Moderator. Unbelievable trading, well done.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
A pleasant good day to you Boss klf..

My heartfelt apology, maybe I crossed the line posting the educated guessing and speculations about the currency pair XAUUSD.. and I'm also sorry I didn't ask your permission using your quotes at every end of my posts.. but reading between those lines explains it all..

And before I forget, THANK YOU VERY MUCH..

hj

__________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Hi mate. It was a compliment, don't worry.

I am very impressed with your trading method and your discipline. Readers of this thread can learn a lot from you. I thank you for your contributions and I look forward to your continued involvement.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
My first 3 trades this year.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
2 quick shorts with 5 min confluence

https://gyazo.com/4afbbe199aaa0ceaebee3c68d7caaecc

PC

--- 帖子 #538 ---
only one trade in NY session and wasn’t the cleanest setup, exited using HA

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hello everyone and thank you kirkle for providing such a valuable tool, complemented with my trading style, I am having excellent results that I hope to maintain over time.

Today's entries, waiting for the perfect setup and confluence with other seasonalities.
happy trading to all

--- 帖子 #540 ---
One more test during news

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Here we go again

--- 帖子 #542 ---
ok last one for today....this system rocks! Thank you Kirk.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
[quote=teapeak;14707525]ok, el último de hoy... ¡este sistema es genial! Gracias kirk. {imagen}[/cita]

Almost the same
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Spreads.. spreads.. 8 - 11 pips.. plus commissions..

It's too much.. way too much..

Killin' my enthusiasm..

hj

__________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Almost the same

--- 帖子 #547 ---
A bit lazy trade as news are coming

--- 帖子 #548 ---
and one after news

--- 帖子 #549 ---
"The train" left early.. my bad.. didn't ride the trend..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is the beauty of what BATB is all about..

Crystal clear, using BATB as a confluence and not as a stand alone will give us an accurate trading idea..
There is always tomorrow..

hj

__________________________

"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #550 ---
A little trading today, news everywhere, see you tomorrow.

"live today, fight tomorrow"

--- 帖子 #551 ---
No trades today… being patient and not taking losing setups is just as valuable as a winning trade in my eyes.

Over trading is the enemy

--- 帖子 #552 ---
maybe this could help, not test it yet because iam far from home and PC also

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Thanks a lot Mec, I will test and see how it goes.

I am having some early success using a different approach but it will take time to make sure it works in different market conditions.

In the end though I am trying to create a 'Swiss Army Knife' version of the BTBA with lots of user input options for entries and exits, so having an M5 version of the WAE is definitely useful.

By the way, if anyone out there knows how to code 'buttons' that can make individual features turn on and off, raise your hand and join me. This is what I want eventually for the ultimate version, it will save people a lot of time with not having to open the settings window and change individual inputs.

In the meantime though, I am excited to say version 4.0 is coming along nicely. I still need a few minor tweaks here and there but we are very close now.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
I must say I am really happy seeing some of you in here discussing how you are trading safely, avoiding news, 'living to fight another day' etc.

This fits perfectly with the overall message I am trying to convey in this thread.

Don't ever assume that the BTBA indicator will answer your prayers, there are no indicators which can guarantee profits. It is up to the individual trader to guarantee their own success by trading wisely.

Trading wisely could mean avoiding news, only trading during periods of high volume, quitting trading after several consecutive losses, controlling risk, avoiding 'revenge' and emotional trading...it will be different for each trader.

It is so important to learn WHEN to stay out of the market. 'Mitigation of unnecessary risk' generally leads to bigger profits by helping you reduce unnecessary losses.

Trade smart, not often. The markets will always be there tomorrow if you need to take a break today.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
I personally think this sentiment is the largest contributor to successfully trading profitable. I can not repeat it enough. Trade smart, not often.

really condition your brains to reward yourself when staying out of the market when your trading conditions are not met

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Whole week, still on downtrend

Short scalp..

US recovering from inflation..
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Have a good weekend everyone..

hj
_________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #558 ---
It was a little late but still, the TP was given, until Monday

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Hello everyone, as promised I will provide results every week end so here we go, please don't expect a detailed report, I am new to this, however you can check the detailed performance in my profile.

Monday : +0.0%

Tuesday : +1.9%

Wednesday : +3.9%

Thursday : -1.9%

Friday : -0.2%.

Close of week 1 : +3.7% +$577.00

These last few days have been crazy, between work, moving and many things, I have not had much time to sit professionally in front of the screens; this has impacted negatively on my trading, this weekend is for reflection and return with strength, greetings to all and excellent weekend.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Hello, Would there be an BTBA MT5 version?

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Hi Adashi, in the future I hope to offer this but I have no plans for this right now. My main goal is to have the MT4 V4.0 finalised so I can share it here.

The best thing right now for people wanting this on MT5 would be to have a copy trader EA copying MT4 trades across.

If there is anyone reading this who is interested in copy trading there is a FREE copy trading EA available from FXBlue (https://www.fxblue.com/internet-trade-mirror/). The 'sender' EA is attached to MT4 and the 'receiver' EA is attached to MT5. I have personally used this and can attest to how well it works and how easy it is to set up.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
LinuxBoy97 this is a great result, 3.7% in one week! CONGRATULATIONS!

Thanks for sharing your results and for being completely transparent. I am excited to see what happens for you in the week ahead. I look forward to joining you and sharing my own personal results from next week also.

To everyone reading this, remember this is not a sprint. Slow and steady will work better, small consistent wins over time really do add up. Survival is key. The above post from LinuxBoy97 is a perfect example of how you can have a successful week by not over-trading.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
For US traders who can’t trade gold on regulated brokers because of US laws. You can use WeBull and trade the GLD etf which trades exactly the same as the normal derivative. No sketchy off shore brokers with crypto deposits. It’s also recently been integrated on TradingView, so you can trade straight off your charting platform. It’s how I’ll be trading going forward, just a tip!

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Good tip! I got tired of the shenanigans from those offshore brokers that I had to use just to trade XAUUSD. I now decided to use micro futures (MGC and MNQ) with this stategy, and found them much smoother to trade without getting screwed by random spread hits taking out my stops.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Hi MalvernTrust.

This is a quick update to let you know I now have that updated Currency Strength indicator. I have named it "Currency Strength Lines (modded)".

This will now work with ANY currency pair, index, equities, crypto...you name it, it works. Also works if the pair has a suffix.

I hope it is what you are wanting.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Awsome and Thank you very much Kirklea :-)

--- 帖子 #567 ---
AUDJPY M5 Chart I do see many opportunities, This is great work, we do not need to change or configure any parametes, AUD and JPY correlations automatically drawn on the chart, i do see many opprtunities, Thanks again

--- 帖子 #568 ---
US30 M5 chart, when I use for US30 I can see the yellow line represents US30 and what is the underlying asset of green line !?

Generaly for US30 moves exactly opposite to USDCAD. similarly USOil moves exactly opposite to USDCAD.

On my TV chart I am trying like this , you can see the opp correlation between USDCAD and US30

--- 帖子 #569 ---
THaaaanks kirk

--- 帖子 #570 ---
interesting, I would like to try other pairs, I hope I have the time, but for the moment I think the gold is excellent.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hi MalvernTrust.

The Dark Green coloured line is the real-time strength of the USD and the Gold line is simply a reverse mirror image of what is happening with the USD.

These versions of the Currency Strength Lines indicator that I 'borrowed' and then recoded are originally produced by 'MQLTA'. (All available MQLTA indicators are freely available from this website: https://www.earnforex.com/metatrader-indicators/).

Unfortunately MQLTA do not offer a version of the CSL indicator for Gold (they don't offer a version for anything other than the main 28 pairs) so I stripped out the code for the original pairs and substituted XAU and USD. And what you have all been using since is the result of this.

HOWEVER! Please note that when you use my amended version on standard pairs you will see it produces very different results to the original indicator version.

If you examine the below screenshot you will see what I mean. The two versions of the same indicator really bear little similarity, but somehow the one that I recoded seems to offer reliable signals! I really have no idea how or why this works, but it seems to work well enough so I am happy to incorporate this as part of the overall BTBA indicator.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Another example of the big difference between the original MQLTA version of the CSL indicator and my version can be seen in the below screenshot.

I have overlayed the M1 and the M5 lines for both indicator versions. The thin currency lines are the current TF (M1) and the thicker lines are the M5.

The thick black vertical lines show clear instances where there has been a change in strength from one currency to the other on the M5 TF (on the original MQLTA indicator version).

As you can see the crossover points are either very close or exactly the same with my own indicator version as they are on the MQLTA version, but with my indicator version the crossovers are better defined and easier to read, especially when you have two or more TF's overlayed in the same window.

So while the information appearing on the screen for my version definitely does not measure ACTUAL strength for BOTH pairs, the information is still reliable, and it remains reliable across multiple TF's.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Got it, and Thanks for your explanations and the brilliant sytem:-) greatly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Thanks Linuxboy for sharing your approach,

I am assuiming below are the rules

1. When MQLTA Crossover happens check 2 and 3

2. TVI - Blue for buy red for sell - not sure you are following belwo above zero line

3. RSI - above 50 for buy and below 50 for Sell

4. BTBA white / black arrows

5. SD arrows and zones are additional edge

Can you please confirm when you get a chance

--- 帖子 #575 ---
I am excited to be starting my trading year today from the London open onwards.

I have an early release version of the BTBA V4.0 which looks amazing, and I will also be incorporating the Supply Demand Pro indicator as part of my personal strategy, as this works really well in combination with the BTBA alert arrows.

Like some of you in here I also plan to show results of live trades, (and hopefully some occasional videos of me live trading). This starts from today.

Please note the final BTBA V4.0 is not ready to share with you yet unfortunately, the candle colour feature is not working exactly as I had hoped and needs some work. There is also a higher time frame filter feature which needs some fine tuning. Aside from these two things the new version is definitely an improvement on everything I have shared here so far. I anticipate this will be ready sometime this week.

V4.0 will see a return to the Currency Strength Lines indicator which was used as part of the original system. This time however I can assure everyone that THIS version WILL work seamlessly, whether your instruments have a suffix or not.

OK that's enough from me for now, it's time to go prepare for the London open.

Trade well, everyone.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
First quick trade today

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Results TRADE 1 - LONDON OPEN SESSION January 8 2024

FTMO demo challenge account opened today January 8, 2024

- $200K account

- risking 1% per trade

- targeting opposing zone level (Support / Resistance) as indicated by Supply Demand Pro.

OPENED SELL after first black arrow appeared, CLOSED as price hit lower support level as indicated by the Supply Demand Pro indicator. I was also using the M5 Currency Strength Indicator in confluence with the M1 and the BTBA arrows.

You can see in the attached screenshot, the Currency Strength Lines indicator M1 and M5 time frames were both supporting lower prices.

Profit $3379.38 - 1.68% after we deduct spread cost.

GREAT START

--- 帖子 #578 ---
It is great, that you do not limit yourself with only NY session. London open is really good also because the red news do not interrupt trading. I can say, that once somebody has a strong proven strategy...wait for setups from 00.00 of EST (my personal opinion).

--- 帖子 #579 ---
No.2

--- 帖子 #580 ---
No.3 - a bit slow as expected

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Could someone send the supply and demand to me please?

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Attached File(s)   Supply Demand Pro.ex4

61 KB
|
298 downloads

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Just one like this a day, enough

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #584 ---
US 30 Long

--- 帖子 #585 ---
After reading these lines, I am your fan

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Kirkleaforex Thank you so much for you amazing work.

I have two questions for you;

1.  What if I would like test the original strategy you had, since I trade gold

2. Do these indis have any expiry? I don't want to break my heart later on since I am going to put some effort on your system

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Didn’t see anything I liked, no trades for me today…

--- 帖子 #588 ---
The last one for today No.4

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Hello kirkleaforex, once again I would like to thank you very much!!! You have invested a lot of effort, time and much more in BTBA and are making the result freely available to everyone here. That is very generous! And at the same time you have created a space where we can all exchange ideas and share experiences. You are always very friendly and helpful. In my view, that's not something that can be taken for granted these days. That's great!

I have now also started using BTBA with a very small real money account. Today was a great day for that. Both London and US opening (UTC-5 = 14:30 GMT) were successful.

Experienced traders were able to cash in a long from 2020.90 to 2035.90 with the US open.

I added smoothed heikin ashin to the classic BTBA setup for my orientation. This gives me a better idea of how long I can stay in a trade.

Unfortunately, I didn't have time for the London Open.

Personally, I still have to work hard on my mindset. I enter far too many trades.

Patience and not getting greedy is difficult for me and has often been my downfall. I have to stick to the rules.

Here are a few charts from today. I also use BTBA on an "ichimoku-template". Gives me a helpful picture from time to time.

Thank you and best regards

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Thank you for your time and effort kirkleaforex in sharing this system.

I have been using ADX + Waddah for some time now with some relative success. With your system I am able to filter better, so THANK YOU.

I also use some tweak on the ADX that in my opinion filters a bit better, but will not share here without your permission.

I'm currently on a small challenge for a prop firm and today was my first day using your system, I only enter on some specific zones during the sessions.

Today 11 trades : 4 losses, 7 wins

+ 1.63%

Anyone knows why TVI doesn't work with other pairs beside XAUUSD ?

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Interesting adding ichi for context. I’m going to add a ichi bias panel while trading tomorrow and see how it plays out, thanks for your feedback.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
On fire as usual I see, teapeak.

A great day, well done mate.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
krakof, this is so true. No need to try for more when you don't need to.

Thanks for your contribution here.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Thanks imifx, I appreciate your kind words. Welcome to the thread.

And to answer your two questions:

1. What if I would like test the original strategy you had, since I trade gold

You can trade my original strategy if you prefer, that is completely up to you. But as I have mentioned several times since that first Post, the thread has evolved and is now more focused on helping people use the BTBA in confluence with their existing strategy, (assuming they have one?)

The BTBA may work well at times, but it will also produce false signals, and I would rather people consider using this in a way that gives them a better chance at success.

2. Do these indis have any expiry? I don't want to break my heart later on since I am going to put some effort on your system

No, the BTBA and all other indicators used by the BTBA have no expiry. They are free to use, forever.

I wish you a successful time ahead with your trading, mate. Let me know if you need anything, I am never far away.

--- 帖子 #595 ---
dr.butze, thank you for your very kind words. I feel privileged to have you here in the thread.

I understand completely what you mean when you talk about patience and greed - I have been there many times and I still find it challenging at times.

Always remember, small consistent wins do add up over time...give yourself a month, or a week, or even just TODAY, to trade well / manage risk etc, and you will see for yourself. Your good behaviour will be reflected back at you in your account balance.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Thanks a lot for your quick response, I have already read the half of this thread and post#1 multiple times. since you didn't delete anything you originally posted, it's all transparent.

I would test the indis from post#1 first and compare with latest versions.

All the best to you too. Plz Keep sharing the knowledge of MM which is most Important than any system.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
thanks tuga74 for being here and contributing, and WELL DONE on your challenge results so far. I wish you continued success.

I am unaware of any issues with TVI when used with other pairs. I have not been able to replicate this issue myself, it appears on my screen correctly with every pair I use it with.

Have you tried downloading the .mq4 file for the TVI from Post #445? You would need to delete your existing version and replace it. Make sure you either open it in MetaEditor and compile, or just refresh your Navigator window, before you try and add it to the screen. Let me know how this goes.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
A trade of the master, pure gold, thank you very much for your knowledge.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
As for me, I broke my plan a little bit, I got carried away by emotions and almost ruined my account, I must admit that despite my 3 years learning constantly, I never took the business seriously, but now I have a totally different approach, I want to make a living from this and I have to be more disciplined and focused, long rest and reflection today, see you in London.

On another note, the supply demand pro indicator is working perfectly, have a great start of the week, love you guys.

Operations during the new york session:

- 4 SL
- 7 TP

Today's return +8.9%.

I would like to hear your advice, some tips you use to control your emotions during operations, again thank you very much for this wonderful thread.
And in other news, I am creating a page on Notion tracking each of my operations, I hope to share it soon.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Hey Linux,

Protect your capital at all costs. It's easy to make profit, but WAY easier to blow it. I've said it many times in this thread, over trading and chasing trades is the #1 reason traders fail imo. We must shift the value of "not trading" to the highest degree. Sometimes not trading means when you're in profit for the day and there's an another A+ setup, not taking it. Every single trade is a risk. Protect , protect, protect!

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Mate that is a phenomenal effort, 8.9% in 1 trading day? In all honesty you can quit for the week, haha. Who does 8.9% in a single day!?

I understand about you needing to work on discipline, I understand 100%. I have been trading for over 20 years and this has been a battle for me also, it still is from time to time.

What helped me at times was having little 'sticky notes' glued to the sides of my screen that were constant reminders of what was at stake. Sayings like 'If nothing changes, nothing will ever change", "How badly do you want this?" etc, along with various quotes from famous traders.

Believe it or not, I actually used to dress up in a suit and tie and I treated my computer workstation as a work space, it helped me with my mindset as I treated that space exactly how I needed to to get in the 'zone'. I also read Mark Douglas 'Trading in the Zone' which I give massive credit to for helping me identify my faults, it was like reading a book all about myself, it was like it was written specifically for ME. I can't recommend that book enough.

These are things that worked for me, but they won't work for everyone. The important thing to realise is that a) you are not alone and b) trading is simple but it isn't easy. By this I mean that following a system is simple, (you just follow rules!), but following rules is sometimes the hardest thing we are faced with. (EMOTIONS!!!)

Always be kind to yourself, don't ever beat yourself up for things that don't work out the way you want. Instead, reward yourself for making good decisions, whether that decision leads to a profitable trade, or whether it leads you to a local cafe for a coffee and enjoying time away from the screen.

You got this, mate.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
one quick scalp as not behind the computer

--- 帖子 #603 ---
BTW I am not trading London open today, I have some other stuff happening. Hope to trade NY open later, see you all then.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
one more but a bit later as traveling

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Results - DAY 2 - LONDON SESSION January 9 2024

I saw an opportunity where price was having trouble breaking above Supply Demand Pro resistance level, took black arrows down to next Supply Demand Pro support level.

(EDIT: BLACK arrows are the M1 signal given by the latest BTBA V4.0 - the RED arrows following this are signalling the M5 crossover of the Currency Strength Lines, and the TVI is RED and falling below ZERO.

The DARK GREEN and GOLD 'cross' signals (GOLD cross is just visible at far bottom right of screenshot) indicate that the M5 Currency Strength Lines are weakening (converging), which triggers one of several exit alert options the latest BTBA V4.0 has available).

Profit a little over $6000 which now brings total account balance to $9359.42 (after commission etc). Total profit % now 4.67%.

I am SO CLOSE to passing this latest demo challenge, and if I let my emotions get the better of me I might continue trading and end up losing some of these gains, so after such a nice win today I feel it is important to take a break for now. If another strong signal shows itself later I might enter again...

--- 帖子 #606 ---
And one more for good measure...(couldn't resist).

Nice bounce off Supply Demand Pro SUPPORT level, took first White arrow and took profit just after I achieved my 5% passing percentage for this challenge.

Final account balance $210216.82 - 5.1% profit in 2 days.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
again a bit later but still good

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #609 ---
this looks amazing. Can’t wait for Version 4

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Wow fantastic KirkLea , excellent money management skills and a decipline, I still doing over trade , but getting better

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Hi MachineLearn, which indicators are you using with trading view? Could you please tell me the names?

Thank you!!!!

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Last one for today

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Inserted Video

We are like professional assassins but our target is pips

--- 帖子 #614 ---
HELLO!

Well it seems my final professionally coded and optimized BTBA V4.0 will take longer than expected (I should have expected this!)

To avoid disappointment I am happy to share with you the interim version which is still very good at what it does. There are a few bugs you will find here and there, mainly with the 'Show Coloured Candles?' and 'Only Show First Entry Arrow?' functions. The higher time-frame filter has a few minor issues also.

IMPORTANT NOTE BEFORE DOWNLOADING!

Make sure you download ALL of the attached files and replace any you already have in your /Indicators folder.

You no longer need the BULLBEAR HISTOGRAM indicator for the BTBA V4.0 to work, but you DO need the Tick - Volume Indicator, the Waddah Attar Explosion indicator and the Currency Strength Lines (modded) indicator.

This is a 'Swiss Army Knife' of sorts. There is a lot to choose and it might be a bit confusing, so please read through everything below CAREFULLY and ask questions if you need clarification. REMEMBER, this is a TOOL ONLY, it is not recommended to solely rely on the arrow alerts alone. The alert arrows are better followed in confluence with an existing trading strategy that you already use and are comfortable with.

TRADE AT YOUR OWN RISK - I am NOT responsible for any losses incurred when using this indicator.

With that out of the way, let's go through the settings. A lot of the settings are no different you might have already seen, but there are a lot of new options now also.

PLOT_MAXIMUM_BARS_BACK - DEFAULT setting is 5000.

Changing this value will change how many bars back in time the alert arrows will appear. If you like to do visual back-testing, try a large number i.e. 50,000. This should not slow down your computer, however if you do notice your computer is slowing down / freezing then you should lower this number accordingly.

Bull_Bear_Period - DEFAULT setting is 13. I have tried many values over many months and this setting for me is the 'sweet spot'. Feel free to test your own values.

tickR / tickS / tickU - DEFAULT values are 13 / 13 / 3 respectively. These values are for the Tick - Volume Indicator. Again, I have tested many different values over many months and I find these values are a 'sweet spot'.

WAE_Sensitivity / WAE_Dead_Zone_Pip / WAE_Explosion_Power / WAE_Trend_Power - DEFAULT settings are 144 / 34 / 13 / 13. These values are for the Waddah Attar Explosion indicator. Sweet spot.

Strength_ROC_Period / Strength_ASI_Period - DEFAULT settings are 2 and 8 respectively. These values are for the Currency Strength Lines (modded) indicator. Sweet spot.

Volume_Threshold - DEFAULT setting is ZERO as I personally do not use this setting. It is there if you wish to play with certain values. If you change this value to 150 for example, any candle with a 'tick' value of less than 150 will not display an alert arrow. Useful if you want to filter out alerts where tick volumes are low.

EXIT INPUTS

1) Tick - Volume Indicator Exit Alerts

TVI_Buy_Exit_Threshold_1 - DEFAULT setting is 5000. This exit alert has been calibrated for GOLD only. The default value of 5000 is unlikely to work with any other instrument.

When the TVI value is above the input value (5000) and then changes from Blue (above '0' and rising) to Coral (above '0' and now falling), this signals a possible exit. It indicates a slowing in the momentum of the TVI. This is best used during the New York session when there is HIGH volume.

TVI_Sell_Exit_Threshold_1 - DEFAULT setting is -5000. As above, this exit alert has been calibrated for GOLD only. The default value of -5000 is unlikely to work with any other instrument.

When the TVI value is below the input value (-5000) and then changes from Red (below '0' and falling) to DodgerBlue (below '0' and now rising), this signals a possible exit. It indicates a slowing in the momentum of the TVI. This is best used during the New York session when there is HIGH volume.

TVI_Buy_Exit_Threshold_2 - DEFAULT setting is 2500. This exit alert has been calibrated for GOLD only. The default value of 2500 is unlikely to work with any other instrument.

When the TVI value is above the input value (2500) and then changes from Blue (above '0' and rising) to Coral (above '0' and now falling), this signals a possible exit. It indicates a slowing in the momentum of the TVI. This is best used during the London session when there is MODERATE to HIGH volume.

TVI_Sell_Exit_Threshold_2 - DEFAULT setting is -2500. As above, this exit alert has been calibrated for GOLD only. The default value of -2500 is unlikely to work with any other instrument.

When the TVI value is below the input value (-2500) and then changes from Red (below '0' and falling) to DodgerBlue (below '0' and now rising), this signals a possible exit. It indicates a slowing in the momentum of the TVI. This is best used during the London session when there is MODERATE to HIGH volume.

2) Stochastic Exit Alerts

StochK / StochD / Stowch_Slowing - DEFAULT settings are 144 / 3 / 3 respectively. Sweet spot.

Stoch_Buy_Exit_1 - DEFAULT setting is 100.

When the StochK line reaches the extreme value of 100 at the close of one candle, and then by the close of the following candle the value has fallen, an exit alert arrow will appear. This is a simple 'OB' (overbought) exit option.

Stoch_Sell_Exit_1 - DEFAULT setting is 0.

When the StochK line reaches the extreme value of 0 at the close of one candle, and then by the close of the following candle the value has risen, an exit alert arrow will appear. This is a simple 'OS' (oversold) exit option.

Stochastic values do not always reach the extreme levels of 100 or 0. Sometimes they come very close but then fall away. This next Stochastic exit alert aims at alerting you to those times.

Stoch_Buy_Exit_2 - DEFAULT setting is 98. This is a suggested setting only. Please experiment with your own input values and see how it affects the arrow alerts.

When the StochK line reaches the extreme value of 98 at the close of one candle, and then by the close of the following candle the value has fallen, an exit alert arrow will appear. This is a simple 'OB' (overbought) exit option.

Stoch_Sell_Exit_2 - DEFAULT setting is 2. This is a suggested setting only. Please experiment with your own input values and see how it affects the arrow alerts.

When the StochK line reaches the extreme value of 2 at the close of one candle, and then by the close of the following candle the value has risen, an exit alert arrow will appear. This is a simple 'OS' (oversold) exit option.

3) Currency Strength Exit Alerts.

This exit alert type is managed entirely by the 'Show Exit Alerts?' setting in the 'General Alert Inputs' section. This is explained next.

GENERAL ALERT INPUTS

Show Entry Alerts? - DEFAULT setting is Show All Entry Alerts. Change this value to see only STRONG / WEAK or NO entry alert arrows.

Show Only Strong Entry Alerts - Selecting this setting will show only the Blue and Red entry arrow alerts which identify when there is confluence on the higher time-frame. (The higher time-frame can be selected from the Time Frame Filter Inputs section further down - explained later).

Show Only Weak Entry Alerts - Selecting this setting will show only the traditional White and Black entry arrow alerts that everybody is used to seeing.

Do Not Show Entry Alerts - Selecting this setting will make ALL entry alert arrows disappear.

Only Show First Entry Arrow? - THIS FEATURE IS NOT CURRENTLY WORKING

When this feature is fixed, selecting this setting will ensure only the very FIRST arrow will appear on the screen, and all consecutive arrows following will disappear. This is useful is 'de-cluttering' the screen if you would prefer to NOT have all of those arrows appearing.

Show Exit Alerts? - DEFAULT setting is Do Not Show Exit Alerts. Change this value to see the various individual Exit Alert arrows appear.

Show Only TVI Exit Alerts - will make the alert arrows for the TVI Exit Alert function appear. These are coloured DodgerBlue  (for BUY exit) and Coral (for SELL exit) which correspond to the colours you see when the TVI sees a weakness in momentum, signalling a possible change in direction of price.

Show Only Stoch Exit Alerts - will make the alert arrows for the Stoch Exit Alert function appear. These are coloured Black (for BUY exit) and White (for SELL exit).

Show Only Currency Strength Exit Alerts - (my personal favourite!)

These exit alert arrows are dependant on which Higher time-frame you have selected in the Higher TF Filter (explained further on).

If you have M5 selected as the higher time-frame, these exit alert arrows will only appear when there has been a change in direction in the M5 Currency Strength Lines.

Show Coloured Candles? - THIS FEATURE IS NOT CURRENTLY WORKING CORRECTLY

When this function has been fixed, (along with the broken Only Show First Entry Arrow function), the candle colours will change according to whether you have selected ALL alerts, only Strong Alerts, or only Weak Alerts.

Right now this function works reasonably well enough though.

Alert 'Gap' away from candle, pips - DEFAULT setting is 25 which works well for GOLD. If you use this indicator with standard pairs you will need to divide by 10. Please experiment with this setting to find the gap distance that you prefer.

Time Frame Filter Inputs

The main alerts ('Weak' alerts) offered by the BTBA are based on the current screen time-frame, however the additional higher time-frame Blue and Red arrow alerts are based on whichever higher time-frame you prefer.

Base Time Frame - DEFAULT setting is Current. White and Black arrows will appear exactly the way you are used to seeing them in previous versions of the BTBA.

Higher TF Filter - DEFAULT setting is 5 Minutes. When Show All Entry Alerts or Show Only Strong Entry Alerts is selected in the Show Entry Alerts input, these alert arrows will appear based on what the Currency Strength Lines are doing on that higher time-frame.

Example: If the Higher TF Filter is set at 1 Hour, the Blue and Red higher TF arrow alerts will appear based on the H1 Currency Strength Lines position in relation to each other.

It is worth experimenting with various combinations of these settings.

Time Filter Inputs

This feature is unchanged from the original version of the BTBA. Changing the From_Hour and To_Hour values will limit when the arrow alerts appear. You will need to experiment with these settings to find the best times to turn alerts ON and OFF for your broker's server time.

Alert Notification Inputs

No indicator is complete without all of the typical notification options.

Screen Alerts / Email Alerts / Push Notifications - DEFAULT setting is NO for all.

And that is it! Let me know your thoughts! I am very well aware of the few bugs I have outlined, but there may be more.

Lastly, please note all of this has cost me a lot of time and money so I appreciate people letting me know politely if certain things are not working as they would prefer. I will take note of your feedback - eventually we will have a BTBA version without bugs that we can all use without issue.

Until that day comes, trade safely!

IMPORTANT NOTE BEFORE DONWLOADING!

Make sure you download ALL of the attached files and replace any you already have in your /Indicators folder.

You no longer need the BULLBEAR HISTOGRAM indicator for the BTBA V4.0 to work, but you DO need the Tick - Volume Indicator, the Waddah Attar Explosion indicator and the Currency Strength Lines (modded) indicator.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Will there be a Template provided? Thanks for the thread.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Hi Chosen3000, thanks for being part of the thread.

This is not something I would ordinarily support as there are way too many inputs and too many ways to use this, there is no single way that I would recommend that a Template should be used.

I will however add my own Template here which uses the M5 Currency Strength Lines (modded) indicator overlaid with the M1 version of the same. Visually I like having the M5 showing over the M1. YOU WILL NEED TO HAVE THE BULLBEAR HISTOGRAM THOUGH, as this is what I have on my screen as part of my Template. Download this from a previous post (#445 for example)

I also use additional indicators such as Supply Demand Pro etc, but I recommend people make their own Templates based on what they feel works for them best (visually speaking).

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Thanks kirkleaforex for all your effort, we all appreciate.

--- 帖子 #618 ---
New FTMO Demo Challenge account opened today. Same account details as the last one I opened 2 days ago - $200K etc. (The new account had to be opened under a different email due to expiry constraints).

I will keep testing this latest V4.0 indicator on multiple demo account challenges for the rest of this month, and assuming everything goes well I will be trading live from the start of February, starting with a $50K. I will be documenting everything here.

I hope everyone has been able to open and test the new V4.0 without issue. Let me know if there are any issues and I will see what I can do assist.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Thanks Kirk for everything. Hat off...you are kindhearted person, which are very few here.

I would like to ask if this arrow is ok from your point of view if not a bug see below as on old version of BTBA we have opposite signals. In settings show arrow only agreed with HTF

--- 帖子 #620 ---
That blue arrow you are referring to is an artifact from the Supply Demand Pro. Perhaps use a different colour for one or the other indicator to avoid confusion?

--- 帖子 #621 ---
nice I just used your template to check quickly if all working I need to build my template to see. thanks

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Trading Results new FTMO Demo Challenge - DAY 1 - LONDON SESSION January 10 2024

Trade 1 +0.8% (tried to close at 1% profit but price moved against me the very moment I closed the trade).
Trade 2 - 1.5%
Trade 3 + 2.7%

Closing Profit DAY 1 = +2% (well...about $50 short of 2%...close enough)!

Calling it a day and heading to bed. I wish you all good trading today - see you back here tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Hi Kirklea,

Can you explain the significance of the Blue arrows and Red arrows marked in the below image?

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Hi Kirk

I've been following the thread from the start in the background and would like to say a huge congratulation. Regardless of if the system makes money, the way you lead the discussion is very good and disciplined, also polite.

I am testing the orginal XAUUSD V 1.1 using my own method with MACD for confirmation (about 3 weeks, but Xmas is difficult to see if representative). Results are good and i will share if this continues.

I dont want to download the new V4.0 because i believe it will override my current setup. Is this correct? Also for me, V4.0 has too much arrows and information. it would paralise me.

I would like to ask about your recent trades. I see you are not setting TP at 1:1 anymore. Is there a reason for this? Discipline in SL/TP was one of your concrete rules (and i believe fundamental for consistente trading). It is very difficult to manually close trades on M1 with consistent success. What do you think?

Many thanks again i hope to contribute more soon

Cris

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Hello friend!

Which broker do you use? I found your platform different. It resembles mt4 but has a different design for the bid and ask buttons.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Seen price breaks since Frankfurt open.. Accurate opportunities..

Until I've seen an extreme break at  M30 (14:59), speculates a continues short trend..

BTBA method..
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 brokers.. MT4 & MT5.. and with all other currency pairs that you may find..

Doin' great here (as usual) since Monday this week.. I hope all of you are doing better than me..

hj

_________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #627 ---
It's time to study, thanks for your words guys, they made me think about some things and I borrowed your advice such as sticky notes on the screen and make it more professional, protect it protects.

As for the anticipated version thank you very much Kirkle for dedicating time to the community, I will be testing it today and let you know how it goes.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
As for my operation:

Wednesday 10/01/2023
- NY session

- + 1.5%

I look for confluences in higher time frames such as M5 M15 and H1, I am very happy with the result, as in my trading I look for a profit between 1% and 2%, I am being more disciplined with entries and exits, not seeking revenge is my new motto and I am being patient, thank you very much again kirkle for taking the time to answer, greetings and excellent week.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Nice master gold is king BTBA

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hi Cris, thanks for your message.

I understand about not wanting to use V4.0, as the saying goes, "Why fix it if it isnt broken?" Im glad V1.1 is working for you.

As for me and my personal trading style, as you know this thread has changed a lot since Post #1. I no longer prescribe strict rules as I would rprefer to see people use their own rules with their own system, using the BTBA as a tool rather than a standalone system.

Over the time this thread has been happening I have also changed my own trading style as I have seen other people use the BTBA in different ways. One of the ways I have become quite keen on is using the Supply Demand Pro indicator and trading between the different zones. This does mean that the original 1:1 no longer applies, although I still do use it from time to time, it is all very discretionary.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Hi mate, thanks for being here and contributing.

I use MT4 only, I always have and I have no plans to change. Currently I trade through FTMO as I like doing challenges with them.

The BUY and SELL buttons you see on my screen are a Trade Management Expert Advisor I purchased some time ago. If you need more information on this I can let you know, but from memory it costs USD$99.00.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Hello Kirk, thank you very much for V4. I am pleased that you are already sharing the version even if some things are not yet fully functional. I am currently working on the individual settings. In your experience, which value is recommended for the higher TF filter (while trading on M1)?

Thank you very much. Best regards!!!

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Hi dr.butze.

I still tend to trade the Whie and Black arrows mostly,and the Higher TF filter doesn't affect these arrows, only the Blue and Red arrows.

But if I am considering a higher TF for confluence it is always the next higher TF from the current. So it is the M1 and the M5 for me.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
A nice result, well done! But particular congratulations go to you for improving your discipline and remaining patient. You can see straight away the rewards that come from these changes in your trading behaviour.

Keep in your mind at all times, "Let the market come to me". Stay patient and wait for the best setups. There will still be some losses but your win to loss ratio will improve.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Hi Kadimi, nice to have you here.

The Blue and Red arrows show a higher TF confluence. The logic is comprised of 2 parts:

1) Higher TF Currency Strength Lines (M5) are in confluence with the M1 Currency Strength Lines, and;

2) Tick - Volume Indicator is either above Zero and Blue (for buy) or below Zero and Red (for sell).

Please be aware however that any time you use multiple time-frames for your trading decisions, the way the higher TF alerts appear will change if you change the time-frame for your screen and then change back again. This is because each time you change the TF the candle data for that new chart window is refreshed and it 'recalculates' in order to show the updated data. Once you change back to the original time-frame the data is recalculated again and if price has moved enough the original higher TF alert arrows may no longer appear. The conditions that originally made these arrows appear are no longer valid. For this reason I never change my screen TF for ANY reason. If I need to see what is happening specifically on another TF I simply open a separate window.

This is the challenge I face when coding for multiple time frames, I don't know any way around it. But I am not a professional coder by any measure, at best I am an amateur so if anyone out there reading this is able to assist in some way I would love to hear from you - private message me!

This 'recalculating' issue does not happen with the White and Black arrows as they are purely based on CURRENT OHLC data for a single candle and this data can't change once a candle has closed, regardless of whether you change away from that TF or not.

I hope I have explained that clearly enough...! Best wishes for your trading!

--- 帖子 #636 ---
I won't be trading today due to other commitments.

I look forward to reading and answering any Posts tomorrow.

Have an awesome trading session ahead.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Woke up late.. Good catch.

Not that much but there are other currency pairs that am watching too..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still under 2 brokers each on 2 platforms..

hj

_________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Sheesh I forgot to close my grid on my first trade..

But am still confident with that move on short trend continuation on big pictures..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

hj

_________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Hello everyone, today's trade a little rough, the news tends to move the market a lot especially the forex factory red folder, I was about to close screens but one of my favorite setups showed up, greetings to all and have a great trade.

Some things I am doing to avoid over trading:

- Going for a run before the session.

- Have all my workspace tidy and clean.

- Always remind myself, live today fight tomorrow

Today NY Session
- +2%
That's all for today, see you tomorrow guys

# I am still using an older version of BTBA, I hope to be able to test the new one very soon.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
From me also just 2 trades today after the news as no time for trading.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hi Kirk

Just wanted to pop in and say what a great thread this is, I have been following the thread in the background from the start. You are a very generous person, and it's very refreshing to find people like you just giving, and don't expect something in return for their generosity, time and commitment.

I am using your system for timing entries after deciding market direction, and for me this obviously involves higher timeframes and drawing fibs. On these higher timeframes I just have the Supply Demand Pro indicator, but sometimes it's difficult to see the candle wicks because of this indicator so I use the attached indicator to help me because my eyes are getting old now.

Regards

Peter.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   thickwick.mq4

5 KB
|
195 downloads

Attached File(s)   thickwick.ex4

12 KB
|
166 downloads

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Hi dear Kirk, Happy New Year to you and your family and other members of the group. I wish everyone a successful year.

Thank you again for your wonderful strategy and the hard work you do for everyone, and I hope you are always happy and healthy. Your kind heart is wonderful.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Hi

Just for interest, this is my personal trade Mantra and checkin, that I commit to reading everyday before any trading commences, I do this because repetition creates affirmations and images that the subconscious acts upon.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
I love reading this kind of thing. You are taking positive steps to achieve your goals and it is having a very positive impact on your trading outcomes.

I call this a 'positive spiral'. You do something positive, you feel good about the result, this inspires you to repeat the same behaviours, leading to more positive results and so on.

Welcome to a new era in your trading. And congratulations on the 2%!

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Thanks marshy (Peter) for being here and for your kind words. It brings me great pleasure seeing people enjoying the thread and taking positive steps forward in their trading journey.

That's a great indicator, thanks for sharing. You're not the only one with this type of eye  issue I'm sure! I for one will be using it in my setup from now on also.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
I absolutely love this, thanks for sharing. Every statement is so important and designed around your own trading style and what you feel needs your attention.

Everyone reading this should consider downloading the attached file from marshy and editing to incorporate your own objectives and personal rules, whatever you identify these to be. Then maybe print and laminate and have somewhere prominent so you can easily reach for it each trading session.

I have done something very similar for myself in the past, a set of affirmations and a pre-trade checklist. I know how well things like this can work.

Thank you Peter.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Thanks mehrdad1968 for being part of this group and for your kind words. I wish you every success as we progress throughout the year ahead.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
I ended up placing one trade yesterday, not quite one hour before the news.

It was not the best outcome. I placed a stop well away from the entry and was targeting a 'lofty' goal which would have seen me pass this next FTMO demo challenge in a single trade.

It was not a sensible trade by any means, but it is important for me to be transparent in here, it helps me remain accountable to myself. Not every day is a good day, and today was one day I should not have been at the screen. I had a lot on my mind and was not 100% focussed and disciplined.

The end result was a 1% gain on my account, which is nice, but it could just have easily been a loss.

Account is now up +3.10%. I am stopping trading now for this week as I have too many commitments today and won't have time to be at my computer during either London or NY sessions.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #650 ---
- hello kirkleaforex.

+ During the installation process, I got this error, please help

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Hi all, as promised I will provide the results for each weekend so here we go, please don't expect a detailed report, I am new to this, however you can check the detailed performance on my profile.

Monday : +8.9%.
Tuesday: +0.0%.
Wednesday: +1.5%.
Thursday: +2.0%.
Friday: +1.0%.

Closing of week 2: +13%% +$1558.00

I have to admit that I have made some mistakes, over traded and not removed myself from the screens in time, but I am learning to be disciplined and more conscious about my work, again many thanks to all and especially to kirk for providing us with this wonderful tool, have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
It is very interesting, thank you very much for sharing valuable content.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Hi LinuxBoy97

You are very welcome.

If anybody is interested, I have recently up dated my personal trade mantra since posting, not much has changed, just more affirmation detail.

See attached

Peter.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Hey guys, so I've been following along silently busy testing variations of this strategy to figure out what works best for me and I think i've found a good approach using this strategy as a template to work off of. I've changed a few things, but it works. This weeks results are +8%, 10 trades, 1 loss, 9 wins.

I'm still using V2.0 of the BTBA indicator (it works for me and I don't want to get more confused with the newer versions). I've added a 100 EMA and I use the S&D pro indicator. I've amended the MQLTA-CSL to only show gold as its what I use for visual reference.

I look for trades around the 8:30 and 9:30 times and I will cross reference on M15 and M5 for directional confluence to enter on M1. I only buy above the 100 EMA and sell below it. I use the S&D pro indicator as a visual aid to look for levels to trade around.

As for MM I use a 20 pip SL & TP and set my risk at 1% per order. I look for 1 to 2 trades per day or if I see more valid opportunities I'll trade them. So far so good and this looks like a good simple strategy for trading gold during the NY session.

I also like trading US30 and I've got it working for US30 which I'll start trading next week.

Thanks kirkleaforex for sharing. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Today again just 2 trades.....

--- 帖子 #656 ---
I don't know why latest version doesn't work with FZ pairs but only gold and indices. Anyone can help? Thx

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Hi Alextrung, I am sorry you are facing this issue.

From what I am reading online this is a potentially complex problem with several possible causes, however from earlier in this thread there is a possible solution posted. This does require you to open the .mq4 file in the MetaEditor and comment out some lines of code.

Do you feel confident trying this? If so, complete the following steps, and then let me know if this works:

1) Right-click on the Currency Strength Lines (modded) in the Navigator and select Modify. This will open up the source code in the MetaEditor;

2) Locate code lines 216 and 222

3) At the beginning of these lines, add // - you should then see the code to the right change from Black to a grey colour

4) Press 'Compile' at the top of the MetaEditor

Here is how the code should look once completed:

215    HistoricalOK = true;
216   //    EventSetTimer(MinimumRefreshInterval);

217    return INIT_SUCCEEDED;

218   }

219

220   void OnDeinit(const int reason)

221   {
222   //    EventKillTimer();

223       CleanChart();

224   }

I hope this works, mate. If it doesn't then it is a different problem that I am unsure how to fix. I do have a friend who might be able to assist though as a last resort.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Lorecavoli I am going to private message you ok?

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Hi mrdfx, thanks for being here and contributing.

I am pleased to read you have found a method to incorporate V2.0 within your overall system. The method you have posted sounds very promising, especially seeing you had a 90% win rate and a massive percentage gain on your account this week.

I look forward to seeing further progress, particularly with the US30 when you test.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Hi mate.

Firstly, well done on a fantastic week. Even though you still face some emotional challenges you are improving day by day.

I suggest that when you have had a win (or a loss) you consider removing yourself from the screen for a period of time, do something rewarding, and then either come back OR wait until the following day.

Get in the habit of rewarding yourself for NOT trading, and this will slowly rewire that part of your brain that feels it needs to be in front of the screen all the time. It will take time and consistent practice, but it is worth the effort.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Hi thread.

I had a question from a member about why the V4.0 alert arrows were showing on XAUUSD, but not on EURUSD.

After thinking about this the answer ended up being a simple fix...

Because the decimal place for XAUUSD is different to most standard pairs, you need to change the 'Gap' setting to a much lower value. The arrows will display on standard pairs but when the screen is zoomed in you won't see them because a 25 pip gap on a standard pair is a significant distance away from current price.

So, if the default gap value is '25' for XAUUSD, try changing it to '0.5' for standard pairs and see whether that is more suitable. You might need to try a few different values to find one that seems right.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Hello to you all and welcome to a new trading week!

I am pleased to announce that the much-anticipated (by me at least) BTBA V4.0 is ready to share (professionally coded version).

I am naming this latest version 4.5 to keep it totally separate from the interim V4.0 version released last week.

PLEASE NOTE there are TWO versions I am providing:

- V4.5 (with exit alerts)

- V4.5 (NO exit alerts).

The reason for this is I have taken note of some comments in here recently and it seems that the earlier V4.0 with all the additional features is not as popular as I expected it might be and many people prefer the simpler version, so I thought it best to offer a stripped back version without exit alerts.

I am also including versions of the Tick - Volume Indicator, the Waddah Attar Explosion Indicator and the Currency Strength Lines (modded) indicator, so everything you need is in one place.

I won't be adding Template files here, it is your responsibility to arrange the screen how you prefer and create your own Template from that.

Notes regarding the V4.5 update:

The default 'look and feel' of the V4.5 (no exit alerts) will look the same as previous versions. This means that the default option when you first open it only has the current TF alerts appearing (White and Black arrows).

If you are then interested in adding a higher TF alert arrow to show added confluence you can easily do so in the settings by changing the 'Show Entry Alerts' input to 'Show All Entry Alerts', OR otherwise you can select to only show the Higher TF entry alerts by selecting 'Show Only Strong Entry Alerts'.

Both types of alerts will appear overlaid in a way that makes BOTH arrows visible if they occur at the same time. The current TF arrows (White and Black) are smaller and will appear on top of the higher TF arrows (Blue and Red) which are slightly larger.

There has been one minor change in the Default values used for the TVI inputs, which have changed from 13 / 13 / 3 to 21 / 21 / 5. This has the effect of smoothing out some of the signals when I have been testing, (but of course you are welcome to play with these values to your heart's content).

The 'Only Show First Entry Arrow?' code has been fixed and is now functioning as expected. This helps to 'de-clutter' the screen, if that is your preference.

The 'Show Coloured Candles' function is also working, although this feature has been designed for use with the Higher TF feature enabled. Therefore the candle colours are dependent upon whether a Higher TF alert has been triggered or not.

This feature will display THREE candle colours, as follows:

- WHITE - for Higher TF Buy alerts;

- BLACK - for Higher TF Sell alerts, and;

- GREY - for candles that are in-between.

This is a useful feature as a change to a GREY colour suggests a possible reason to consider exiting a trade.

Lastly, I fixed a bug in the code which prevented you from using decimals when changing the 'Alert 'Gap' away from candle, pips' input. You can now input '0.5' pips for example, if that is your preferred gap away from the candle High or Low (useful for when you are using the BTBA on standard pairs, for instance).

IF you are considering using this version on anything other than XAUUSD, please change the arrow 'Gap' input to a lower value to ensure the arrows appear on the screen, otherwise you will most likely not see them as they will be positioned too far away from the candles. A value of '0.5' or '1' is a good place to start.

And IF you are using this on anything other than XAUUSD, and after you add the indicator to the chart window you don't see any arrows appearing, change to a higher TF and change back again and they should appear.

Below you will see various screenshots detailing what you can expect from the basic (NO exit alert) version.

I look forward to some feedback - if anybody finds some bugs please let me know, I have not found any so far.

That's it for now - have a great week ahead (and trade safely!)

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Thank you very much Kriklea for your Master Piece , greatly appreciated :-)

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Hi kirk, what better news to start this trading week than with a BTBA update¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡, and the one I was most looking forward to, you are not the only one excited, it's like being at Christmas again. Thank you very much and I hope you have an excellent trading week.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Thanks MalvernTrust and LinuxBoy97, your comments are greatly appreciated.

I am so relieved to have this project finalised and released out into the world now, I can rest!

--- 帖子 #666 ---
I will not be trading today due to other commitments (dinner with friends).

Good trading everyone!

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Kirk I'm just using the standard settings and casn't get the arrows to show - what have I missed? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Hi silversurfer.

I think you need to rename your indicator files and remove the (1) and (2) from them.

Always make sure you delete any existing versions of indicators and replace old with new. The BTBA indicator is searching for a specific file name and is not finding it.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Thx

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Hi kirkleaforex, I'm giving your new version a test side by side with the older version and I've noticed something.

On V4.5 (no exit alerts) I have it running on 2 charts, M5 and M1 with the same settings. It's set to show all entry alerts with the higher time frame default M5.

On the M1 chart I got alerts for both M1 and with M5 arrows overlayed but when I checked on the M5 chart there were no alert arrows on that bar. It gave M5 alert arrows on the M1 chart, but not the M5 chart so I'm not sure why it did that?

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Hi mrdfx, thanks for your question.

It is hard to say without seeing images of what you saw at that moment. If / when it happens again perhaps you can send me some screenshots in a private message and I will know more?

My first thought is that the indicator is set to calculate White / Black arrow alert data based on the close of each current TF candle (in your case it is the M1 chart). This means if the indicator is placed on the M1 chart it will calculate OHLC data at the close of each M1 candle, but if it is placed on the M5 chart it will keep calculating OHLC data until the close of that M5 candle.

Therefore it's possible that at certain times during the formation of the M5 candle the right conditions were available to trigger an M5 alert on the M1 chart (Blue / Red arrow), but by the close of the M5 candle the conditions may no longer have been there for an M5 alert on the M5 chart (White / Black arrow).

If the code was written in a way that it allows lower TF alerts (i.e. M1) to trigger based on higher TF (i.e. 5-minute) OHLC data we risk the alerts triggering too late, i.e. they will only appear at the close of every higher TF candle. At least this way you have the option of getting into a position earlier.

In the below screenshot there is a classic example of how this happens at times. I have the M1 CSL (modded) and the M5 CSL (modded) indicators in separate windows.

Notice where I have highlighted the 2 Red Sell arrows on the chart window, but at the same time the M5 CSL (modded) indicator is showing XAU is actually stronger than the USD? That is because it CLOSED stronger by end of that M5 candle. It is only able to show OHLC data for that 5 minute period, (not individual 1 minute periods).

During that M5 period there were two individual M1 periods where the M5 CSL (modded) would have been indicating XAU was weaker than USD, so it printed two sell alert arrows accordingly.

Those M1 sell alert arrows won't disappear if the M5 CSL (modded) closes and still indicates XAU strength (that would be considered 'repainting' - nobody wants that!) But in this case those two sell alert arrows ended up being a precursor for what was to follow immediately after, which was a nice drop of around 40 pips.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Hi traders, today's operations, I feel calm and I feel that I am making great strides with my psychology, today I touched sl and just close the screens reevaluate the operation; live today fight tomorrow.

15/01 -1%
Have a great start of the week ¡¡

--- 帖子 #673 ---
LinuxBoy97, nice work, mate.

It is worth a lot that you accept a 1% loss today and take a break until tomorrow. Staying in front of the screen would not have taught you anything valuable.

I hope you enjoy your time away from trading for the remainder of today, and if you find you are thinking about trading and you feel like you want to come back to your screen and try again, I hope you will stop and distract yourself.

You might eventually decide to NOT trade at all on Mondays, and you might start your trading week on Tuesday! Who knows what lies ahead in your future? But as long as YOU are in control of your emotions in each moment, there will always be a 'tomorrow' available for trading.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Hi Kirk, Thank you again for your very good strategy and your kind heart. I also used version 4.5 with exit alerts and the same thing happened to me. I sent a screenshot.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
I did not have good deals today. I worked in Time London with version 3.2 and Time New York with version 4.5! I need to concentrate more. I need to work on comparing the two!

It seems that many wrong signals are appearing in the range market.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
mehrdad1968 I can't tell from your screenshot what is happening because you don't have the higher TF arrows appearing on your M1 chart.

I suggest removing the Supply Demand Pro indicator for a start so the blue and red arrows triggered by that indicator don't confuse things.

Then make sure you have selected the correct input to show ALL alert arrows, not just the 'Weak' (M1) alert arrows (I probably need a better name for these alerts...!)

Once you have this set up correctly you can then monitor what is happening between the M1 and the M5.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
mehrdad1968, Mondays are not the best days to trade, regardless of the strategy you use. You could get lucky but I know many traders prefer to take Mondays off and start their trading week on Tuesdays when the markets tend to be more reliable and less choppy.

Also, please note the code is slightly different between versions 3.2 and 4.5, so you shouldn't try and compare the signals as they won't be exactly the same. It is best to choose ONE indicator version and stick with it.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
I did what you said, I think it has been corrected. I will check again. Thank you for your reply

--- 帖子 #679 ---
No problems, mate.

Now you can put your Supply Demand Pro indicator back on your chart if you want, but I would definitely think about changing the alert arrow colours for either the Supply Demand Pro indicator arrows or the BTBA higher TF arrows so there is no confusion.

I would also check that your TVI indicator tickR, tickS, and tickU values to match the BTBA values, i.e. 21, 21, 5. Right now your TVI has values of 13, 13, 3. They should be the same otherwise you might be wondering why there is a White Buy arrow on your chart window but the TVI indicator below is not Blue.

This is MY fault though as I just realised I uploaded the TVI indicator with the incorrect values!  SORRY!

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Hi Linuxboy97, great attitude, very well done on the psychology, it really matters so much. This is where most of my effort goes now; I am really concentrating more on this now than the actual trading system. Having a good trading system such as Kirks matters a great deal, but it’s the psychology when using it, that’s what makes the difference.

Also Planning the trade that may come or may not, and I maybe stating the obvious, but for me, using price action and order flow on higher timeframe charts without any indicators so I get no bias other than from my eyes and brain, and then to mark out areas of potential interest to enter the market on lower timeframes on the 1 Min. or 5 Min. in the right direction is so important.

This stops me overtrading and making silly mistakes, if the trade doesn’t come to me then that’s okay, and will roll again and not force a trade, this helps to keep my account safe. And if I have done all that I can to potentially have a successful trade outcome, and I have a loss instead, well it wasn’t to be this time.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Thank you for your help and kindness. I will try to do it.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Thank you very much, I fixed the TVI.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Of course, at the moment, I am working with this strategy with a demo account so that the method of working with it will be better for me, and then I will go to the real account. This strategy works very well. It works great with focus on it.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Thank you very much Kirk for the new version you posted. I didn't have yet time to test it will do it these days. Until now with older version 1 trade today

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Yes it does, Kirk is very generous.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Post of the day, marshy. Thanks for this contribution, every word is so important.

By the way I love your tag line "A setback is a setup for a comeback." Very cool

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Hi kirkleaforex, I just update a new version(BTBA4.5)and a have some question.  I'm not sure these 3 objects are the part of BTBA4.5 or not? I found it already show in CSL indicator.  or I have do something wrong, Could you please advise me. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Hi prasitp.

These objects are part of a previous version of the CSL indicator.

Please delete all versions of the CSL from your /Indicators folder and make sure the only version you have is the (modded) version.

Then delete the existing CSL indicator from your chart and load the updated (modded) version.

Then refresh the Navigator.

Hopefully this fixes this issue. If not then please try setting up a new window with the updated BTBA V4.5 and the CSL (modded) and close your existimg window.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Hi krikleaforex, Now everything is ok. Thank you for your advice.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

One bad, two good, more than $1000 profit

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Hello everyone, small operation today +1.9% I am happy and excited, I work on the control of emotions and revenge, I bought the book trading in the area, I recommend it to everyone, have a great day and thank you very much for the new version of BTBA, very optimized and less noise when trading, so far I have not found any bug or bug, a hug your friend, Marcelo.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Hey everyone.

I had a question today from a member in here about why the alert arrows were not showing. This is not the first time I have had this question, so I thought I would post this to help anyone who might be having the same issue.

After some detective work we discovered that the file names in this person's /Indicators folder were incorrectly named, i.e. they had bracketed numbers appearing at the end of the indicator name, i.e. Waddah Attar Explosion (1), Tick - Volume Indicator (2) and so on.

Please note the BTBA indicator needs the correct file names in order to function. The bracketed numbers in the file name need to be deleted so the BTBA can search and find the correct Indicator names.

If you see any file names in your Indicators folder that look like what is shown in the attached screenshot, go to your Data Folder and rename the files by deleting the bracketed numbers at the end, then refresh your Navigator.

You should now see arrows appearing.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Nice work, LinuxBoy97. Back in front after yesterday.

The 'Trading in the Zone' book by Mark Douglas is certainly one book that will help make sense of WHY we behave in certain ways when we are trading. Once we understand the 'WHY' it becomes easier to make changes in our behaviour.

I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I did.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Speaking of books, I have just finished reading 'Best Looser Wins' by Tom Hougaard.

This was a very good read, I could not put the book down until I had finished it. The book mainly covers the emotion and affirmation side of trading and how he has managed to get to that subconscious level when he trades, although his risk attitude is frightening how he pushes his trades, and would say the Guy is not normal, whatever normal means, however he accepts his losses and moves on. And I really do mean, push, and keeps fear locked away.

His trading style is too scary for me, but a good read for enlightenment.,

Peter.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Hello,

I came across with your indicators and tried to download and I did, but somehow it doesn't open. An error message comes up saying the file is incompleted.

Here is what im doing or trying to do. I download the file to my computer and they try to added to tradingview. Can i do this?

SORRY IM VERY NEW ON THIS...

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Agree this is an awesome book

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Nice level rejection with short fall=20 pips in bag

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Hi TraderPepon, welcome to the thread.

Unfortunately these indicators will not work in TradingView as they were coded using the .mql4 language used by the MetaTrader4 platform, where TradingView indicators use the Pinescript language.

There are no plans right now to have the BTBA indicator converted into Pinescript.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Thanks for the recommendation marshy. Will add that book to my reading list.

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Let me ask you, why did you leave your sell positions open when several buy signals appeared? I am just trying to understand your logic.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Nice start of the day

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Your trading is always consistent, teapeak. It is always good to have you share your results here.

Can I ask what that other indicator is you are using? I have seen it before a long time ago but forget what it was called. I actually think I first saw it on TradingView.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Thanks. Trying to do my best with help of your tools  Regarding this indicator I am using its sort of TMA channel, just using it for visual control to see if the price is around border or not. If interested I can share just let me know.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
on fire nice brooo

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Today was an interesting day, despite the red folders, I was able to have some of the cake.

Gold, love it or hate it, that's the way it is.

1 SL
3 TP

+1.5%

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Just came in, sit down behind the computer and saw this opportunity, so I take it

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Hi guys, what conditions you wait to enter and how long you stay in?

--- 帖子 #708 ---
because in higher timeframes the price direction was bearish

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Mire esta operación también hay flechas alcistas pero no las tomé en cuenta ya que en plazos superiores el sesgo es bajista, lastima que ajusté mucho los stoplos y saltó, pero bueno salió positivo

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Seeing this market in 1 hour, I would bet on operating sales

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Thanks teapeak.

Yes I would like to have a copy to see how it works. I believe the centered TMA repaints, so I am unsure how well reliable it would be as part of an overall strategy. How are you finding it?

Anyway, thanks as always for your valuable contributions here.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Nice.

When I used the centered TMA years ago I always used the opposite MA line as my TP target, or occasionally the centre line.

Are you using the centre line as your target? It looks like it from several screenshots you have shared.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Hi Kirk, friend I have a query I hope not to bother, I have the modified version of force, but every time I set it to show me the lines thicker, when I open my platform again returns to the reset values, what could I do?

In a few words, how could I do so that the predefined start value is 3 in question of the lines hehe

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hi mate.

You will need to right-click on the Currency Strength Lines (modded) indicator in your Navigator window and open it up for editing in the MetaEditor by selecting 'Modify'.

Once you have it open, change the value for lines 18 and 19 from 1 to 3 and press 'Compile' at the top of the screen.

This should automatically update the indicator line thickness settings in real time. If not, you can simply remove your existing indicator from the screen and add it again. It should show the updated line thickness then.

While you are in MetaEditor you may wish to change the color values for the individual lines. You can do this by finding the code on lines 95 and 96. By default they are set to clrDarkGreen and clrGold. You always need clr at the start of the colour name.

Again, once these input values are updated in the code you need to 'Compile' above so it updates the indicator .ex4 file in MT4.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Thanks Kirk, but even compiling it I can't get the lines to be predetermined, I hope to continue with the work tomorrow, since I still have a lot to study, greetings and thanks for the help.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Sorry LinuxBoy97, I have given you incorrect advice.

You still need to update the code in MetaEditor, but instead of the lines 18 and 19, it is the input value at line 98.

change from

98 input int SelectedWidth = 1; // Width for Currencies on chart

change to:

98 input int SelectedWidth = 3; // Width for Currencies on chart

Sorry for the confusion

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Excuse me kirkleaforex, but I did this:

--- 帖子 #717 ---
LOL

Fair enough!

I need more people in here willing to put their hands up and assist where I obviously cannot, HAHA!

Thanks bugrist. I appreciate this easier solution you have noticed. It somehow escaped my attention...

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Hey Krik, I hope you must be doing well. Sorry I couldn't participate in your gem thread, last week my PC crashed badly and also I got sick. I will RR from today. Need to cover the posts I left.

You're awesome.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Ah I see now, thanks for clearing it for me.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Unfortunately i have not had much available time to be trading of late, (although i will admit its all about priorities!)

The Australian Open tennis has been on and the matches i enjoy watching start in the evenings and last anywhere between 3hrs and 5hrs.

I will get back to trading eventually, it's my main passion after all, but right now I am enjoying time away from one screen, and spending quality time in front of another.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Hi Renko-boy.

Thanks for your post but I am wondering from your image what this has to do with the BTBA indicator?

I can't see the indicator arrows anywhere on your screenshot. Can you explain please? Thanks mate.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
I'm with you Kirk, Adelaide-based tennis fan here... January revolves around the tennis. Normally the markets are pretty crappy anyway but this year they're actually pretty good! ha ah well we have the whole year to make good profits.

MantisClaw aka sonicvista12

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Hi @kirkleaforex, Thanks for this indicator this looks pretty good. I just had a few questions if you or anyone could help me with.

1. I needed this indicator to mt5 instead of mt4, can you help how to do that.

2. Is there a way to automate this indicator?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
in case you havent gotten a copy.

youre too kind.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
i agree. mt5 version would be awesome.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
What a week it's been. It's been a learning week for me in regards to staying disciplined and sticking to the rules. Not sticking to my own rules cost me a few % this week, but today was a good day and made up for the losses closing the week with +5% profit.

I didn't trade on Tuesday which looked like a pretty good day so I could have made more, but I'll take the +5%.

My take way from this week is to trust my own rules and not get to impulsive to pull the trigger when I don't have a 100% valid confirmation. A little more restrain and patience could have saved me from losing a few % and actually making more.

I also tested this strategy on US30 and can confirm it works well.

Not a bad week, but could have been a lot better.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Hi utsav1010, thanks for being here in the thread.

Unfortunately I have no plans to offer an MT5 version at this time. I do not trade using MT5 so I have no way of supporting people in here if they had questions about an MT5 version of the BTBA. Plus I am not prepared to spend a lot of money producing a version of the BTBA that I would never personally use.

If people are keen on using MT5 for their trading, then as I have already mentioned earlier in the thread they are welcome to set up a trade copier through FXBlue or similar.

With regards to automation, trading this indicator / system on its own is not recommended as I have stated in here many times, it is best used in confluence with an existing system you already use. Using this indicator relies upon a lot of individual user discretion, which is not something you can automate.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Well done mrdfx

Impressive results mate, very well done. Restraint is the key word, I too am constantly fighting with this, as you say, being sellective really makes all the diference.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Any one has good EA or indicator which work with gold?

Need some good EA for Gold

--- 帖子 #731 ---
This post has nothing to do with this thread. Please keep your posts related to this thread or otherwise do not post here, thank you.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Afternoon to you Kirk,

Firstly thanks for all of your hard work on this, kudos to you for putting together and sharing!

I have a quick question if you don't mind regarding the higher TF filter you have included.. I'm just curious if for example I were to use the 15m filter while trading on the 1m, do the arrows repaint at all? I'm just wondering for backtesting purposes.

Many thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Excellent week my friend, confidence and patience is the key to success, I have a question, how have you tested the BTBA in US30, I find it interesting, as it looks very similar to gold, best regards

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Hi guys, I come to bother you with my weekly progress, personally it was a bit of an interesting week, but I am still struggling to filter trades and not get carried away by impulses, and I am very excited to finish the month and start my prop firm challenge in February, I will still detail all the progress here, wish me luck guys.

Week 3

+1766.00

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Hello, could you please tell me which indicator you used that has the histogram on it? Can you share it?

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hi mehrdad1968.

That indicator is available from Post #726.

Be aware it is a repainting indicator, so be very careful when using it.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Hi daviejwg8, nice to have you here.

The higher TF arrows use the 1 minute closing values, so once an arrow appears on the screen it will not repaint and disappear.

What will happen though is if you change the current chart timeframe and change back again the higher timeframe data will recalculate (very different from repainting) and if price has moved far enough in that time you will likely see a difference in the Blue and Red arrows.

For this reason it is always recommended to keep your chart TF constant and if you need to check what is happening on a higher TF you just open another chart window.

This is not a fault in the code, it is simply the challenge we face when coding for a higher TF, which can be overcome by not changing the chart TF. Recalculating is normal, where repainting is often a case of bad coding.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
These results are just amazing. I am excited to see what you do in February with your live challenge!

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Thank you very much Kirk I received it. I will follow your advice as always. I only use it for learning and testing.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Appreciate the response

With that in mind, if I freshly logged onto MT4 - 1m chart using the higher timeframe (15m) only strong entry alerts, scrolling back in time would you say that the arrows would be inaccurate to what they would have been in real time? I hope that makes sense. I fully appreciate what you're saying regarding the recalculation, I'm just wondering though whether you can look back to get an accurate depiction to draw stats from etc? Using the higher TF filter that is, not just the standard setting as I know those arrows print for good once the candle closes.

Wishing you all a fruitful week of trading!

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hi mate.

I'm pretty certain that this indi, like most recalculating indicators using HTF code, means the higher time frame arrows will look absolutely perfect when you first open a fresh screen, where in actual fact the real-time arrows would have looked very different. So in terms of proper back-testing I can't recommend the higher TF filter, only the 'Base' time frame white and black arrows.

It is worth adding the indicator to the chart when back-testing and eyeballing what is happening with the Blue and Red arrows though, just to learn how reliable they are in real time? But really, the best testing using the HTF filter is forward-testing only, sorry to say! No way around it...

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Hi, I need a little help, whenever I attach this indicator to my MT4, it doesn't show the buy and sell arrows, only red and blue crosses (exit points) are visible. What could be the issue for this, I have chosen to show all Entry points in settings. I have tried re-attaching it again, and I even reinstalled my MT4 application but nothing seems to work. I am using the file Biting the Big Apple V4.5 (with exit alerts).ex4.

I faced this issue with v3.2 but it worked fine after changing some settings and then changing it back to normal.

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Just starting, but still 10 pips matters on a pullback..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

hj
_________________________
"The biggest component of success is MINDSET and being responsible with RISK." - kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Hi mate.

Can you send me a screenshot of your Navigator showing the indicators?

I just want to be sure you have the correct filenames. If for example you have any indicators with (1) or (2) etc in the actual file name (like in the attached image) the bracketed numbers need to be deleted.

The BTBA indicator is searching for a specific indicator file name and if your indicator name has a bracketed number in the name the BTBA won't function.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Yeah, you are right it was the file name issue. I fixed it and it is working fine now. Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Today was topsy turvy kind of day today, some over trading and impulsive decision making and not sticking to my rules again.

That being said I did make +3%, but it could have definitely been more.

US30 was the winner today, really good signals off of the 9:30 bar today.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
This is fantastic, that would be helpful if you can share how you are trading US30 with BTBA.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Excellent session, it could have been better but you walk away a winner, that's the important thing; and I agree with another trader here, I'd like to see how US30 trades with BTBA, best regards

--- 帖子 #749 ---
For any ICT people

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Attached File(s)   ict-if-vg.pdf

1.1 MB
|
258 downloads

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Had one more to share but says file too big, sorry guys

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Attached File(s)   The ICT Bible V1 - By Ali Khan_230227_200632 copy.pdf

5.0 MB
|
300 downloads

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Hi T721, thanks for posting this, I'm sure any ICT traders in here are thankful.

If you want to share that larger resource, are you able to save to a Google Drive perhaps and share a download link (or similar)?

Anyway, thanks for being here and contributing. ICT is definitely not everyone's 'cup of tea' but for those who follow it this will be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
The larger ones are mp4 so wont load, i have quite a few of them stored mainly on telegram.  I dont trade ICT just shared for those interested. i trade Liquidity on the bigger time frames, week n day etc with entries taken on 1hr or 15min

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Something else worth studying if you have the time

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Hope you are making pips pal     2.30am here an gonna get to sleep.... PS lots more educational PDFs in my thread for anyone

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Not much going on in the Australian Open tennis anymore, (all Aussies are out of the tournament).

So here I am - back at the trading screen.

First trade for the day done +1.6%

Let's see what London Open has in store!

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Hi guys, I'm not really doing anything differently on US30, I'm using the same template that I use for gold, and I follow the same approach.

US30 is also very volatile around the 9:30 so you need to set the right SL & TP, for me I'm using a 30/40 pip 1:1.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Hi mate, what RR you usually use for XAUUSD?

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Hi Arima03,  I usually use a 1:1 RR.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Thanks!

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Hello friends, I come to tell you a little of this week, I have been involved again by emotions and taking revenge, so I have decided not to punish myself, but to learn from it, the rest of the week I will not operate more, but I will be busy attaching images of ideal setups for buying and selling that I have been collecting from this wonderful thread, when I finish it I will share it here, I will include some things I have been learning from BTBA and price action; it should be noted that I will take this pdf as a guide for my prop firm challenge, good luck to all and ending the day I will also leave you the final report of my account that began in January, greetings and sorry for the long text hehe

Translated with DeepL.com (free version)

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Great thread, ties in well with some of my strategies, just need to master the mental game! Thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #765 ---
If you need some help send me dm

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Don't punish yourself, I have a remedy.

Initiate a pause from trading and from the market for a minimum of one week, refraining from the use of any electronic devices during this respite. For the initial two days of your break, consciously avoid contemplating trading activities. The compulsion to monitor every market movement may persist, prompting the necessity to abstain from chart analysis during your vacation. Dedicate a period of 3-5 days to this break before reevaluating your trading approach. It is imperative to acknowledge that the resolution of this matter lies solely within your personal commitment.

Reflect on the effectiveness of the following measures, I seriously followed them, and they really helped me fix the problem. e.g. Focus on Quality, Not Quantity take selective RR, Review and Analyze Past Trades, Control Emotional Responses specially "FOMO" , Always Take Breaks.

Remember what Krik taught "Trade for Living not Living to Trade" Great meaning inside this quote if one can learn

Read the below post of Krik again and again, I am amazed and it added value in my trading, adding screenshot

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post14684682

I am no one to say this however sharing my experience which took me to next level by just working on phycology. Just Remember that even possessing the Holy Grail won't ensure success if one lacks control over their emotions.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Thank you imifx for your post. This is all way more important to trading than just the strategy. The more we can get people to focus on themselves and their psychology the better the results we can expect.

Right now I will admit that my own psychology is taking a beating. Someone very close to me likely has only weeks left to live due to a long cancer battle. This is no time for me to be trading.

It is important to choose the best time to trade. Not just the best session time, but also the best time when YOU are feeling in control of your emotions. There are times in all of our lives when something happens that rattles our cage and causes us to lose focus.

For me right now I am feeling distracted and emotional, because very soon I will lose someone very near and dear to me. So I will take a break from trading until I feel more emotionally in control again.

I will still be here in the thread answering questions though

Thanks to all of you who contribute in here, I am proud of this thread and how positive and supportive it has become.

And that's all thanks to you guys.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
So true Kirk, sorry to hear about your Friend.

People need to realise, if they want to win at this game consistently, they have to understand that obviously you need a good trading system, but it is just a tool to get into a trade, the real part of trading is how you approach trading and handle yourself before and while in a trade. TikTok and Utube are full of systems, some are very sound strategies, but still impossible to win if you can't get it right emotionally.

Trying not to bring the tone down, people don't want to hear about other people's problems, they have enough with their own, but I will personally put myself on the line here to make a point, I have been fighting cancer, for the past four years and now winning the battle. I have traded off and on since 2007, but had to take a break due to obvious problems.

I am only just coming back, but now, I am finding out emotionally that I am an anxious and hesitant, not a good trading requirement...and it is showing in my trading results. I always trade only the best setups, I know they work well for me and it's in my Trading Card.

So I got up early for Frankfurt to plan a trade, did my mark ups and levels, saw a perfect opportunity and waited, price came exactly to where I wanted to enter and I would of been using a tight stop loss, but I hesitated and missed the trade, which worked out perfectly and would have been very good R & R.

The point is due to my emotional psychology, I did not take the trade, if I had, I would of been done and dusted for the day with a very nice profit, but instead traded on a trade with a worse probability outcome for a successful trade. I did make a small profit on this, but if I had just followed my plan earlier, I wouldn't have been trading again for the day, wouldn't have had too. If the second trade had lost, I would of gone from a potentially very successful day to a disastrous day, just because I hesitated earlier on a high probability trade setup that I know and works for me.

Trading really is 20% trading system and 80% Psychology, its obvious where most of your study should be spent.

People - Your psychology books should vastly outweigh your books on trading, I wish somebody had told me that when I started years ago.

Sorry, just had to get that off my chest for my own emotional psychology and wellbeing.

I have updated the trading card yet again, its personal to me, but anybody wants it.

Cheers Peter.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Peter, your words were meant to be written and shared here and they should be read and heeded by as many traders as possible.

I am sorry to hear about your health journey, but I am pleased to read you have turned a corner. I wish you continued good health.

Your story about your hesitation earlier today and what you feel that has cost you today echoes so many of my own stories over the many years I have been trading. These moments and choices and decisions are worth reflecting upon but I hope you are not beating yourself up over it. There is always another opportunity, another day.

Thanks for your updated Trading Card. It is a valuable tool for anybody wanting to take their trading seriously. And thanks for your honesty and transparency here, it adds a lot of value and I appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
I am sorry to hear about that Krik, may you get the strength to bear that loss.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Peter,

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Believe me or not, I understand you. I am living with and taking care of my mother who has dementia.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Hey mate thanks for that, after the reflection, I did beat myself up nicely by taking the dog for a walk, which I love to do, clears the cobwebs.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Dear Kirk, I am very sorry to read what you wrote. I hope your friend gets well soon. I pray for him too.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
I am truly sorry to hear about someone close to you who is really ill, its really touching and I pray that God give you the strength tp carry on and be there for him/her wherever he/she may be. My thoughts are with you...

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Attached File(s)   _OceanofPDFcom_the_mental_game_of_trading_-_Jared__231117_212121.pdf

3.9 MB
|
288 downloads

Attached File(s)   Brain Hacks For Traders_@TradersLibrary2.pdf

1.0 MB
|
963 downloads

Attached File(s)   Just Shut Up and Do It (3).pdf

634 KB
|
286 downloads

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Thanks for these valuable resources.

Keep sharing everyone, i like where this is heading!

--- 帖子 #778 ---
You welcome pal

--- 帖子 #779 ---
If you need any order block PDFs oor SMC concept PDFs let me know and i will drop them.... If you can think of anything else that might be useful here let me know and i will see if i have them.  I have more stuff than anyone will ever be able to learn

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Stacking pdf's pls.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Hi pal, there isnt much OutThere  on stacking but will show you how i do it when we get on zoom. cant zoom tonight as i have a zoom session with veronica at 7pm but will get a zoom with you soon maybe even weekend if you are around. Dont be shy just get in or even get OP of thread (Kirkleaforex) to join with you for some backup

--- 帖子 #782 ---
also have a zoom session with griffc but not sure wether Sat or Sun and time.  just waiting to hear back from him

--- 帖子 #783 ---
You should use the Supply and demand indicator that is based on price action concepts like Rally base rally, drop base drop, drop base rally and rally base drop.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
And another interesting week comes to an end. Once again I made a few silly mistakes by not sticking to my own rules, I think this is one of the hardest things, is sticking to the trade plan and SOH.

Having said that this week I made +6%, not too bad considering everything, although I gave back a lot.

So in the last 3 weeks of dedicated trading with this strategy I've made +19% (8+5+6)

US30 once again proved to be the better pair this week, I'm really liking this pair alongside gold.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
That is great! Well done.

Would you share what your A+ entry / exit rules are for the Gold and US30?

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #787 ---
I am very sorry to read what you are going through Kirk, it is not easy to be in that situation, I personally have been through it and it was very difficult, I hope you spend a lot of charity time with that person, who I am sure values your company a lot, from me a greeting and a hug buddy, and relax the market will be here when you come back.

And regarding my trading, I have been a little inactive here because I have been working hard to perfect my entries with BTBA and my trading in general, this week I start my prop firm account so I'm getting everything ready.

I hope to be able to present the report with the results of BTBA in the demo account this month, I will do the same with my prop firm account for February, good luck to all guys and happy week.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
small operation today, my ratio is 1:1 so my stop and tp are very similar hehe, it is true that I had the direction of the market and I could have taken much more pips, but that's what I'm looking for and with it I'm satisfied.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Dear Kirk, Hello, first of all I want to ask your friend. I hope he is well. Second, I have a question, if you can help me please. I have a problem with the TVI indicator on the GBPUSD chart and some others and it is not displayed. Of course, there is only a problem with some currency pairs and the rest are displayed!

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Hello,

Can you share what your  entry / exit rule ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Caught a good one today at the 831 EST candle, could have had a lot more but it hit my 2x RR TP so pleased with the result. It's been a little slow for me with this recently but the key is patience as others have said, don't break your rules just to get in a trade, I've had a couple breakevens that went on to do well, but also others that would have lost, so stick with the plan whatever yours is.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hi mehrdad1968.

Sorry but I have not been able to replicate this problem here, the TVI indicator is working correctly for all pairs I try it with. Have you tried changing TF and changing back again?

Is anybody else reading this having the same problem? Or is anybody reading this able to suggest a possible solution?

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Nice one jwpdad, well done. But yes, patience is always key. Small wins (even slow weeks) add up over time, there is no rush. Rushing will kill your account.

Congrats mate, keep it up.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Hi @Teapeak, Can you share the indicator you mentioned here?

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Hi pki87.

You can use the version showing in this post HERE.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Hi thread.

It has been a challenge recently finding the right time to trade with a lot of personal stuff happening in my life, but last night I decided to have a look at what was happening on Gold.

I decided to switch things up a bit and I decided to let price take 'liquidity' during either the London or NY session, and then take the first available opposite BTBA arrow signal, targeting opposing liquidity.

Late in the London session I saw price take out the previous day's LOW. I entered the first BTBA BUY arrow and targeted the previous day's HIGH as my TP. This was a 175 pip move, and I was not expecting this to happen as I am not used to setting any more than a 1:1 RR. I set my SL just below the low where the liquidity had been taken moments before.

And then I walked away.

It was an interesting experiment. I found myself constantly thinking about checking my trade, what if it was in a decent profit, if it was should I secure it, all these thoughts racing around in my head. I ended up getting up shortly after midnight and came to my computer and saw I was 5% in profit, so I decide to close the trade.

When I woke this morning I checked and saw that my initial TP would have been hit IF I would have let the trade fully play out. But 5% is a massive account gain so I was not disappointed. It was an amazing feeling, and it also meant that I passed another FTMO demo challenge ($25K).

Attached to this Post there is an indicator which I used for this trade, it is called PDH_indicator. It plots yesterday's HIGH and LOW, and if one of these is 'taken' it changes colour and prints a message to the screen saying liquidity has been taken. This might be useful for anyone out there who likes trading when liquidity zones have been taken.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Thank you, Krik for sharing your experience. Could you please confirm which version you're using currently and for the last trade. Also, I would like to see the screen of your chart for visual guidence. Just an FYI, I am experimenting with your initial released indis and so far I am not satisfied doesn't mean its not working however I have some other plan to reduce the screen timing, I will start posting once I will have confidence. Hope u understand !!

--- 帖子 #798 ---
So it was bound to happen at some point...  my first losing week. I can give a number of reasons why for the losses, but in the end it was a mix of just having normal losing trades, not sticking to my rules once again, some revenge trading on the side, and having some inconsistency issues with the BTBI indicator itself.

So this week I close with -3% for the week, which gives me a total of +16% profit over the last 4 weeks, nothing wrong with that.

I need to work on finding better ways for the recalculating/signals disappearing issue as it was pretty prevalent this week causing a few of the losses I had.

So there were a few members asking me how I enter and I did give a basic outline of how I'm trading this strategy in post #655, but things have evolved a bit since then so I'll run through it again of how I'm trading the strategy now.

I look for trades around the 8:30 and 9:30 NY times and I will cross reference on M5 for directional confluence to enter on M1. I only buy above the 100 EMA and sell below it. I use the S&D pro indicator as a visual aid to look for levels to trade around, and I've recently added a 50 period HMA to get an additional visual color reference of the trend and only sell when it's red and buy when it's green.

For the MM I now use a 30-40 pip SL & TP (1:1 RR) and set my risk at 1% per order. I look for 2-3 trades per day or if I see more valid opportunities I'll trade them.

I have stopped trading on US30, in the end it was not consistent enough for me to continue, so I'm sticking with gold which still works great.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
First of all well done on 16% gain, well done bro!!!

When I read the beginning of your post, I thought the issue might be related to US30. However, you mentioned it yourself at the end. Trading US30 with indicators is quite risky, just like any index, because they are influenced by top stocks. To be profitable, it's essential to keep an eye on the news and movements of those individual stocks. While US30 or NQ may yield good profits for a few days, one unexpected move can wipe out the gains for the entire month or even the whole year. Without proper money management, there's a risk of significant losses.

You did well because you have a trading plan and good MM.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Hi mate.

I am using a new version of the BTBA version 5.0 (unreleased yet), it is the same as version 4.5 but is slightly modified and is giving better signals. I am not releasing this yet though until I have tested a lot more - I am not trading much at the moment to be testing.

See attached screenshot. The Black horizontal line at the bottom of the screen is the Previous Daily Low. Price grabbed this late in the London session and then immediately went in the other direction.

I entered on the first white BTBA arrow and placed SL just below recent swing low.

TP when account was around 5% profit, but as you can see price ended up hitting the Previous Daily High later on in the NY session, this would have easily been a 1:10 RR if I had stayed in bed and allowed things to play out as I was expecting.

Please ignore other lines on the screen, they are other price levels which are only relevant to today's trading, not the other day.

I would have included a screenshot of the $25K FTMO account passing etc but I have already started a new demo challenge, too much trouble logging back in to the old account to take screenshots.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Many thanks. Have a peaceful weekend mate.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Hello,

Thank for this idea of daily low' it's looking promising. It's a 1m periode chart? Right

Can you also share with us a screenshot of your BTBA parameters? It's look more clean then mine ( I have too much arrow and  cross)

--- 帖子 #803 ---
The previous day's HL is the first thing a trader should look at when starting to trade. As well as H4 or H1 candles especially when scalping in m1. This video explains why and I think it can be very useful to you.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Hi Adashi.

Yes I am always trading on a M1 chart with the M5 as the higher TF filter.

See attached screenshots. I am now using 2 x instances of the BTBA V5.0 on the chart:

- one instance has Base TF arrows only, and;

- the other instance has the Higher TF arrows showing, BUT this instance has ONLY the first Higher TF arrow showing.

This helps declutter the screen.

I am no longer using the BTBA version with the exit signals, so if you need less objects on the screen, you can either turn the exit arrows off in your settings, or simply use the BTBA version with no exit signals.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
[quote=19monza64;14742431]The previous day's HL is the first thing a trader should look at when starting to trade. As well as H4 or H1 candles especially when scalping in m1. This video explains why and I think it can be very useful to you.quote]

Hi 19Monza64

Thank you very much for the info, maybe the missing piece of the puzzle for some, that's a very good video, the guy explains the process of how to find your daily bias in the market very clearly, it's worth also watching his other video on - Intraday Bias Simplified - as a follow up.

Good stuff and cheers for that

Peter.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Well explained - thanks - but where can I find BTBA V5.0 ?

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Hi kofix11.

Version 5.0 is not yet released, it is being tested. But the same can be done with earlier versions.

Version 4.5 is the latest in this thread. Version 5.0 is almost identical to V4.5 but an issue with the HTF filter was discovered and (fingers crossed) it has been fixed. I will test this coming week and if all goes well I will release after that.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Great, many thanks!

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Are all ICT concept.

If you learn it never you will use an indicator again.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Dear friend, please tell me what index is this US30. I have an account with 4 brokers, but I did not find it in any of them!

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), also known as the Dow Jones, Dow, USA 30 or US30.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Attached File(s)   Inducement Cycle V2 @SmartMoneyCourse.pdf

3.2 MB
|
393 downloads

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Attached File(s)   ICT 4. december_study_notes.pdf

7.5 MB
|
401 downloads

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Attached File(s)   ict-if-vg 2.pdf

1.1 MB
|
244 downloads

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Attached File(s)   The ICT Bible V1 - By Ali Khan_230227_200632 copy.pdf

5.0 MB
|
318 downloads

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Hello Kirk, excellent, I'm waiting for that version to be able to test it, for now I'm still with my BTBA 4.5 with excellent results, I regret not having reported more often on the growth of the 10k demo account, but it's going very well, and I can also tell you that I've started I signed my prop challenge with a 10k account too, and I'm 2.5% up this week, I hope to have a little more free time to go through the operations I take and risk management, greetings, your friend.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Hello, and what does the PDH taken (red line) refer to? thanks

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Hi Adashi.

Any time you see a "PDH Taken" it simply means the Previous Daily High has been broken to the upside.

In ICT terms this is referred to as 'liquidity' being taken. Once this happens an ICT trader might then wait for a 'break of structure' to the downside (with volume) which creates a 'Fair Value Gap', and they would then wait for price to retrace back into the Fair Value Gap before entering a sell, targeting 'opposing liquidity'.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Hello guys, as you can see, things went a little badly for me haha, first of all, I had already tried a 25k firm prop last year, which turned out to be fatal because I lost it and it played very badly on my psychology. I tried again this year, with a lot of enthusiasm and with an improved system, giving me continuous profits, but again non-stop trading made me lose count. And finally I have my last 10k prop firm challenge that I acquired today after losing the previous one. I have decided to operate only with 0.50 lots, much less than what I am used to, always looking for a 1:1 ratio.

This was how long my second prop firm account lasted, I was doing very well but psychology and revenge won me over again.

And as you can see in my second SS it is the current account, and probably the last one I will buy this year, I hope this makes me more disciplined and conscious, I say goodbye to a little discouragement and I wish you all guys luck, I will update as My 10k challenge goes every week .

And last but not least, my January 10k demo account, that's how it ends.

Prop firm

December:
25k x not passed
January
10k x not passed
10k in progress

Demo account january :
+ $4,278.08

There is a lot of difference between my demo account and my real accounts, I have to improve, I really want this, and I won't stop until I get it
I share this with you guys, because this path of the trader is a lonely path, and with you it is less burdensome to carry all this load, a hug to all

Never Give Up ¡¡¡¡

--- 帖子 #820 ---
2R and 3R

Still not satisfier and looking for sniper entries

Thanks @Krik

--- 帖子 #821 ---
You will get success one day. You're a doer. The best thing is you know your pain area, take a break and work on them.

All the best.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Hi LinuxBoy97.

This is tough, but as you say 'Never give up'.

Did you know that only 3% of people who take a live Prop Firm Challenge actually end up getting funded AND receive a payout?

The odds are stacked against you well and truly, but knowing this should not discourage you, it should merely bring into focus how critical psychology is when trading.

Understanding exactly who you are when you are in the market needs to be your absolute number one goal. Without this understanding you are unlikely to achieve your number two goal, which is surviving in the market long enough to make profits. Your ultimate goals need to be in that order.

Reducing your risk per trade might seem like an important first step, however please also note that unless certain behaviours also change, all this will do is slow down how quickly you achieve the same results. It is all relative.

Again, I don't say this to discourage you at all - I only want you to realise how absolutely crucial your psychology is when trading, it needs to be your number one priority.

The strategy you use really has little bearing on whether you are successful. In reality you could use a simple coin toss as your strategy (heads you buy, tails you sell). It is then how well you manage those positions that will determine your success.

As I see it, if 97% of people fail at both getting funded AND receiving a payout, 97% of my own time needs to be focused on manifesting certain behaviours which allow success.

You already know which behaviours are letting you down - your goal now should be recognising what you are feeling when you start to display those behaviours and then physically getting up and walking away from the screen to interrupt and break the cycle.

You're so right about trading being lonely - it is a solitary pursuit and it is so easy to get lost without the right supports in place. I am glad you are here and I hope you find some of the support you need in this thread. The rest is up to you.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Good words Kirk had me me thinking about my own trading endeavours lately if you don't mind me saying. My best trade this week up to now, was putting on a trade with take profit and stop loss set, and walking away for a few hours, so I did not monitor or micro manage it, came back to a very nice profit. The thing I did differently was accepting first off that it was going to be a win or a loss, and not watching it. No emotions in play, and no micro managing the trade, it was going to either hit my stop or my full on take profit.

In doing this it came to my realisation that I have to categorically be able to trust my potential trade setup evaluation to be good enough in the first place to make the decision to whether a trade is on or off, and if so, then accepting any loss will be much more acceptable as we only need something like a 40% win rate for an average 2R win to be profitable.

But on the other side if I had monitored it and then feared the profits at risk if the market turned on me, I would have probably done my usual thing lately and closed out early. So I am going to sit on my hands and let things just play out once a trade is set. This way I will see if my trading is working out since my comeback, by just letting probability play out and not letting my emotions affect it so I can actually trust my methodology or revaluate it.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Hi

Just for interest, I wasn't able to trade today due to other commitments, but was looking at the gold spot chart this evening, UK time 10:00pm and wanted to put down one of the ways I would define a quality trade setup, and then sometimes for extra conformation using the BTBA method for refinement on the 1 min chart, I know its after the event and always much easier to do...but thought it would be interesting to see if anybody else is up for it or not.

London session 24/02/08 H1 Chart, 5 Min Chart and 1 Min Chart, white arrow is the entry through the timeframes

Penter.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
marshy, if every trade you take (every trade we ALL take) can be like this, trading life would be far more straightforward and simple. Wouldn't it be great if we could all be robots, hey?

If we were robots we would automatically realise and accept that every trade has a binary outcome - you either make a gain on your account, or you don't.

But we are not robots, we have emotions and these impact our decisions.

One way I try to counteract the potential impact emotions have on my trading is by changing the language I use around 'winning and losing'. Notice above I don't say 'you win or you lose', instead I say 'you either make a gain on your account or you don't.'

I am not a fan of certain words and their connotations, particularly the words 'lose' or 'loss'. To me they have negative connotations and do nothing to promote positive feelings or behaviours when in the market.

Psychology and a positive mindset is so important that I feel even little things have the potential to have big a impact. Something we might consider trivial - using the word 'loss' for example - for some people it might carry more weight than we would like to admit, and it might be better off framing things a different way.

Instead of a 'losing' trade, I call this 'the cost of doing business'.

We should never open a position without first accepting that there is a cost involved, and that cost is the 'risk', i.e. where you place your stop loss and the lot size you select. Once we have decided on the cost and we enter a trade we know it will result in either a lower account balance when the trade is closed, or it could result in a higher balance.

At this point we should all feel comfortable to get up and walk away. We can forget about the trade and go and do something else. We have accepted the cost of doing business; we have accepted the outcome, whatever that might be, so really there's nothing more to be done. Why should we waste our time staring at the screen, especially when we already know we are at risk of 'micro-managing' and interfering with the outcome.

The absolute best thing we can do once a trade is entered is walk away.

Hats off to you, marshy. Well done on walking away.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Great post Kirk, yes every word you say is so true, and this is where my efforts and concentration is now being spent, I will not waste any more time staring at the screen after a trade is made, I will as you say accept my cost for doing business or a gain, life is far too short. I have also gone through life trying to be positive and careful what I think and how I act and now will add to this what I say and how I say it. If you think and act negatively, then negative is what you get.

Thanks for the post.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
A great example of using higher TFs to frame a possible trade idea.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Hi pal,  if you get time would you mind posting this in my thread..... great post btw

--- 帖子 #829 ---
By the way Kirk about robots, I have a very powerful computer, that runs Strategy Quant, if you don't know what this is, it's a data mining software that creates EA's,

bloody millions of them, then you put them through various hard core tests to find possible contenders...not used it for a while though, had other problems to deal with.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Hi, kirkleaforex. This is the reason why I gravitated towards robots (Expert Advisors) from the beginning. They have no emotions, are not influenced by external factors and follow strictly programmed rules, do not get tired and do not need sleep, they only need electricity and the Internet. I have been trading forex since 2004, with a few breaks over the years. I have had many successful periods as well as bad ones. The road is long and thorny and not for everyone, as we know our time on this earth is limited...

Best wishes,

kompira

(I apologize for my bad English)

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Hi, Peter. I also have experience with StrategyQuant a few years ago. I plan to upgrade my computer soon and start again. Over the years I have taught myself to program MQL4, I have modified many ready-made robots found in internet forums, I have tested maybe over 10k robots and strategies... But with this software, I am given the opportunity to generate my own unique strategy that cannot found on the internet. Finding strategies that win over the long term is a difficult endeavor - everyone has their down times. The solution is to make a portfolio of many strategies that work in parallel, with a strictly defined risk, etc. But you already know these things.

I wish you success and I am happy that there is such a platform where we can exchange experiences...

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Just copy other successfull traders.

Split your Portfolio between diffrent traders with diffrent Strategys that all trade diffrent Instruments.

It will be passive and the odds of every Single one losing all at once at the same Time is pretty unlikely if you ask me, its better then EAs.

I personally have some money split between good safe traders with low drawdowns, i dont trust a EA, i trust a trader that has his own money on the line!

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Hi Kirk, thanks again for your efforts to improve BTBA's excellent system

In the pictures you sent, you have changed the Tick R & Tick S & Tick U settings from 21, 21, 5 to 13, 13, and 3. You already emphasized the numbers 21, 21, and 5. Which numbers do you recommend to use?

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Hi mate.

Honestly either settings are fine to use (or another setting entirely!). I recommend people experiment with their own input values for each of the BTBA settings and find their own 'sweet spot'.

Experiment by having two chart windows side by side with one BTBA version showing the TVI with 13 /13 /3 and the other with 21 /21 /5 and take note of any differences where the arrows are appearing. The 13 /13 /3 can get you into a trade slightly earlier at times, where the 21 /21 /5 can help filter out 'bad' entries at other times.

But keep in mind the TVI is just one component out of the total four indicators which make up the arrow alerts. It is definitely worth experimenting with each of them.

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Hi Kirk, thank you for answering the members' questions completely, and this is very important to me. I know that this work requires time and patience. You are really kind.

I will test what you said and share the result here.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Hello, my friends, according to Kirk's post number 835, I checked both settings 13, 13, 3, and 21, 21,5 on both indicators BTBA and TVI, I did not see any noticeable change. I am sharing some screenshots of the comparison of the two charts.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Hi mehrdad1968 thanks for the info, yes as you say, no noticeable difference.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
I didn't get a chance to post last week's results, but this week has been great.

I've been fine-tuning my entries and adjusting my SL and TP based on the volatility that I see at the time, and it's been working well.

This week I hit +8% profit, which for me is excellent.

I need to improve a bit on opening fewer orders, as 31 trades over 5 days is still a lot for me, but I'll taper it down as I continue improving on my approach to this strategy.

After a month of proper testing and finding my way to trade this strategy, I can say that there is definitely potential and, if traded right, good profits to be made.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Hi mrfdx

Very good, those are impressive results for this week, very nicely done. Yes, I suppose 31 trades over 5 days is quite a lot, but you stuck at it and came out very well by the end of the week. it's all about sticking to one strategy and fully understanding its nuances'.

If you don't mind me asking what are those MA's you are using? I use some MA's on the BTBA 1 min chart, two of them are the 60 SMA and 240 SMA, this gives me a quick visual on the 1 Min chart as to where price is reference to the 1 hour and 4 hour candles / timeframes .

I am currently experimenting with this context in mind - I observe higher timeframe supply / demand areas and what price is doing at these areas, then look to enter as price pulls back and uses unmitigated FVG's for price to return and fill for trend continuation or trend reversals on the 5 min and 1 min charts and use BTBA as extra confluence to support the trade idea.

Please don't let my input distract you from your own trading methodology that you are applying successfully, it was just out of interest.

Cheers

Peter.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Hi Peter, I'm using a 50 EMA and a 50 HMA.

For the 50 EMA, I only look for longs above it and shorts below it.

For the 50 HMA, I use it as a kind of trend reference to see whether the trend is bullish or bearish; it's more of a visual aid than anything.

For example, if the price is below the MA and the HMA is red, then I'll only look for short arrows from the BTBA indicator.

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Thanks for the reply mrdfx.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
It's wonderful set of indicators. It works excellent on XAUUSD, I'm using it with my SMC indicator from MQL. Just found all pairs indicator. Thank you a lot @kirkleaforex! Great work! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #843 ---
what’s that channel indicator you have there called? I’ve been trying to locate it but no luck

thanks! I hope u can attach it in a reply for me

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Sure. I guess I found somewhere it in this thread.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
thank you! I greatly appreciate it

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Hi folks !

I have a problem with the actual Biting the apple indicator 4.5.

It doesn't show on my MT4 platform => Afterprime MT4, Version 4.00, build 1408, 2024/02/16

On my other MT4 platform its working => Alpari MT4, version 4.00, build 1403, 2024/01/17

Can anyone help me out ?

Thanks in advance !

Bernhard

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Upgrade to an newer Version. It wont work with the first updates. Download 4.x

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Hi all. Found this thread today, looks great  heading back to page 1, just wanted to say hello!

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Welcome deshes you found good thread to start, make sure to go through properly. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Just checking if everything is alright with Krik?

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Hello Kirk, I hope everything is well and I wish you an excellent start to the week, to update a little, I am still standing on my 10k challenge, I have taken the initiative to follow my trading plan with great discipline and it is giving results; Regarding BTBA, today there were three great opportunities, which I took advantage of and added 1% to my account, I am more than happy

Trades are excellent at the New York opening

--- 帖子 #852 ---
hi .bro plz tag indicator

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Hello thread.

It has been a long time since I visited here and I apologise for being absent all this time. My personal / family life has been very demanding lately (and continues to be) so any trading related stuff has been placed on hold.

I am excited to be returning very soon though, hopefully I will be able to start trading again from this coming Monday. And of course this means I will be able to provide support for this thread again.

Thanks for your continued interest. I look forward to continuing our little journey very soon.

Best wishes to you all,

Kirk.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Hello everybody.

Well I am currently looking for a SELL trade on XAUUSD.

The NY session has taken out the previous London session high, and has also made a new Daily / Weekly / Monthly high. It might yet take out the all time high from several months ago at around 2144.75.

I will be marking any swing highs and lows as these develop and will be looking to enter a SELL if I see a break of a swing low to the downside. Right now price looks to continue higher so I am waiting on the sidelines patiently.

If my setup does not eventuate then I will not be entering, I am not looking to enter a BUY as I don't have a target. If I do find a decent setup to enter a SELL during this session then I will be targeting the daily low as final TP but will take some off the table along the way at various points.

Best wishes everybody for this trading session - always trade safely!

--- 帖子 #855 ---
As you can see from the image attached, once the NY session opened (Lime Green vertical line) price made a quick swing High (H) followed by a swing Low (L), then made a Higher High (HH), followed by an Equal Low (EL), then made a Lower High (LH) and then broke structure to make a Lower Low (LL).

Price then returned higher, breaking structure once again by moving above the previous Lower High. For the ICT traders among us, price then tapped into the higher of two Bearish FVG's above, which would have been a perfect entry point for a SELL if this is the strategy you use.

For me though it is important to seek validation of the SELL move by waiting for a BTBA SELL arrow to appear once all of this played out. The first BTBA SELL arrow appeared at 10:22am (NY time) and I entered a SELL at 2132.35 with 1% risk, with SL placed just above the most recent swing high and TP target is the Daily Low (Asian Session Low).

The BTBA arrows are always showing what is happening with CURRENT sentiment, so waiting until one appeared after price fully completed that initial bull move is worth it and will help to save potential losses.

The whole scenario required patience and took over 2 hours to develop before the market intention became clear. Time will tell whether this will play out as I expect it to. For now it is time to leave the screen and trust that things will work out as expected.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Well it seems my lofty expectation during the NY session was a tad ambitious! The 'algorithm' never played out as I expected it might.

I ended up getting stopped out at BE, but when my open trade was at it's most profitable I was up over 90 pips, which is well more than is needed to pass a Prop Firm challenge.

This shows the potential that is there when you choose to be patient and wait for the market to come to you, rather than chasing trades. Having a clear plan and executing that plan and keeping your emotions in check.

Never mind the fact that my (overzealous) plan never worked out, it is what it is and today is a new day.

I wish you all success today with whatever strategy you are using.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Good trading in this last hour or so.

Gold made a fresh all-time high and then quickly reversed, and shortly afterwards price broke down through trendline support. The next candle confirmed the formation of an FVG.

Price then tapped into that FVG then broke down through a previous swing low level (Break Of Structure) at which point I decided to enter a SELL when a BTBA SELL arrow appeared.

SL was placed above the recent swing high. 1% risk and a more realistic target. Ended up making over 5% on this trade.

It was a very nice setup and well worth the wait. One trade a day is all it takes.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Interesting things happening with Gold right now.

If you look back at price action since February 29 there has been a nice bull run up to record price levels yesterday. One might think that this is likely to continue for a while yet, and you might be right in thinking that, only time will tell.

But for now I am seeing price is most likely to stagnate / move lower. This can be seen in the following ways (looking at the hourly chart):

1) Trend lines were increasing in their upward sloping angles until March 5 when price crossed through them, so we know from this that the strong momentum that came with that initial push up has now slowed;

2) Price has only just broken the all-time high, so we might assume that institutions are more likely to take profits here before taking price lower, seeking liquidity at lower levels before they take price higher;

3) The TVI indicator is showing 'Divergence', i.e. price has been making higher highs but the TVI is now making lower peaks.

For now I am only looking to take sells until price reaches some higher TF liquidity levels. I can see price moving down to the 2030 level (or lower) before it looks to continue its run up.

Of course this is all only speculation. There are many factors I am not taking into account and we could see price continue to skyrocket!

What do you think? What are you all seeing?

--- 帖子 #859 ---
No trading for me yesterday due to other commitments (babysitting 3 children under 4yrs - I am exhausted lol).

Looking back at the NY session there was one opportunity available which could have netted you 50 pips or so. Let's take a look...

If you examine the swing highs and lows you will notice there was a break of structure below a previous swing low, and this candle also confirmed an FVG. Those in here who enjoy ICT concepts could have entered a sell once price tapped back into the FVG. For me I would have entered on the next available BTBA SELL arrow straight away after the break of structure.

My target would most likely have been the London session low or the Daily open just a bit further below.

Of course it is easy saying all of these things in hindsight, but I do feel it is important to look back over previous sessions and identify possible opportunities as this helps to train your eyes and brain.

Noticing patterns is a big part of all of this. The other big part is letting the session develop, i.e. identify swing points and where they break. The ideal trade will reveal itself in time. This trade opportunity was around 50 minutes into the NY session, and would have been worth waiting for.

Anyway I hope this helps some of you in here.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Hello Kirk, it's good to see you here after a while, I'm glad that everything is going in the right direction, I was a little interested in that last market observation, personally I was also looking for sales in today's session, and there were a few with BTBA confirmation and price action. This was my analysis today also with some TIC concepts although the only thing I usually use is HH HL haha, but we can also observe a perfect triangle of change that also confirms a short entry, it is interesting to see how the price action and ICT concepts have something in common, or I would say; a lot...

Greetings my friend Kirk and have a great weekend

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Hi mate, thanks for posting - it feels good to be back in the saddle in here.

I like your analysis, that would have been a superb trade. That looks like it might have been at least a 1:5 R:R. Did you have a specific target in mind when you placed your TP there?

Anyway, good to hear from you again.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
That's right Kirk, for operations that are a little long for me I always use Fibonacci levels or some inflection point in the price, in this case both coincided, an important Fibonacci level and the last historical maximum, which was very interesting, In my opinion, an operation that is a little difficult to endure, but with a great reward.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
As for gold, it continues to make new all-time highs, so for now most of my positions are long, unless I see a very good short setup; I also wouldn't be surprised to see a big pullback to old highs to see an equally spectacular rise.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Waddah

Bulls Vs Bears

Stiffness

Price Action

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Yes, amazing time to be watching Gold. I am watching from the sidelines though, I don't feel comfortable longing at all-time highs.

Looking instead at shorts, as long as there are confluent short signals on higher TFs.

No trading for me last night, Friday night out with friends instead. Let's see what the new week brings!

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Look at these signals for the week! During NY Session  Long Only

THURS
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

WED
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TUE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

MON
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Hi MaschineLearn!

Just to clarify for me, are these the correct entries?

--- 帖子 #868 ---
first entry is the same entry I marked hard to see but that waddah crossed

For second entry you marked, I like to only take entries on the first or second bar of bulls vs bears with a waddah cross

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Beautiful entry on BTBA + price action

--- 帖子 #870 ---
You can always start again, with more courage, more strength and more determination, have an excellent start of the week traders and to you kirk a greeting and thanks for your wise advice.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
BTBA on fire

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hi mate, first of all congratulations for your results.

What's the name of the indicator that you're using in the right top corner (that one with different timeframes)?

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Hi all. Been too busy to be trading this past day, hope to be joining in the fun either London or NY session today.

Looking back over the NY session yesterday, I see there was a great opportunity for a BUY which could have made nearly 40 pips. The strategy used is a popular one where traders wait for price to breach a previous session high or low, then target the opposing liquidity area from that previous session.

See screenshot:

1) Price breaks below the previous session low, i.e. the London Session Low, then;

2) price breaks above a recent swing high, leaving behind an FVG;

3) price retraces back into the FVG zone, then;

4) enter a BUY after the first available BTBA BUY arrow appears.

Stop Loss is 10 pips (1% risk for me), target is opposing liquidity, in this case the target would have been the London Session High.

There was zero drawdown on this trade. If we were to take the first BTBA BUY arrow once price broke above that swing high it would have meant over 10 pips of drawdown and you would have been stopped out.

As always, the right trade is worth waiting for. I just wish these trades weren't happening at 1:30am my time when I am mostly sleeping!

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Hello friend thank you very much, it is an indicator that shows the trend in different temporalities helps me a lot to define a correct directional bias at the time of pulling the trigger.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Good morning thread, happy to be here looking at the NY open today.

Looking at XAUUSD this morning I can see that the London session took out the Asia Session Low AND the previous Daily Low.

Price has just taken out the London Session Low and I am now looking for the potential for possible BUY trades, targeting the London Session High or possibly the Daily High as set by the Asia Session.

I am waiting on a structure break of a recent swing high, and will then look at placing a BUY after the first available BTBA BUY arrow appears.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Hi Kirk,

My pepperstone platform went into "System Not Responding" just as the CPI data was released. And continues to fail to restart my chart setups, no indicators returned and even placing new ones on a new chart refuse to function.

Has anyone else experienced issues with their pepperstone systems, furthermore did you get into your trades Kirk at the levels you wanted in the 1 min charts

Ben

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Hi Ben. I do have a Pepperstone account but have not traded that for quite a while so I can't comment on this, sorry.

Yes I got my entry and ended up profiting at the London High as expected. Nice quick trade, in an out in a few minutes.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Hi Kirk,

Thanks for the reply, I restarted the platform and it recovered OK but it's annoying when their platform does it, glad you got a few pips mate.

Me I am off to bed, nite

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Good morning thread, today presented two really interesting opportunities, first a return to a previous break, and then a very similar scenario, I pulled the trigger on the second entry as I look for a lot of strength in the candles

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Nice work, mate! Great entry and a nice return. Thanks for sharing again.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
for my chartist friends, am i right? we will see gold still making new highs? i would not be surprised.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Well friends, I'm retiring for a while, I've failed myself and I've questioned many things, maybe I won't take on another challenge for the rest of the year, which is a lot haha I learned a lot about funding accounts and I'm still passionate about it and I'm still fascinated In the world of the stock market, now I will become more of a spectator who at some point dreamed of sitting at the table with the adults; Without further ado, I would like to say greetings and a hug to everyone, especially you Kirk, thank you for your teachings and words of encouragement.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Hi mate.

I have been where you are multiple times, way more times than I would like to count. It's tough, no doubt about it. The mental game when trading is the toughest I have ever faced in my life.

I am sorry you have had this experience - it will no doubt give you pause for thought and in time you might decide to return and try again. Until that time I want to thank you for your contribution here and I wish you nothing but good things in the future, whatever you decide.

Kirk

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Hi Linux,

Like Kirk said, it's a tuff game, but you did post some nice trades, so while taking a break from pro trading look back over those negative trades to find why they ended up as a cost of trading cos we don't like to use the word loss, creates negative thoughts n plays mind tricks.

Kirk has found a way to trade 1 min charts, I find 1 min charts to quick for my thinking department upstairs, so keep your dreams alive, but go find the road to follow your dream.

Ben

--- 帖子 #885 ---
exactly, it is about your absolute control mentally , stay determined, be passionate

--- 帖子 #886 ---
The BTBA is a big bullshit bro

--- 帖子 #887 ---
That's a very broad statement and for me not true.

Knowing when to apply BTBA is key. The ability to reasonably read future market direction using multi-timeframe analysis - higher timeframes and then working down to entry timeframe and applying patience and dicipline to time market entry confirmation must all be considered before trying to scalp using the BTBA System.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
I don't remember anyone here asking your opinion...

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Childishness is not welcome in this thread. Adults only please.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Sometimes it's better to let others think you'r an idiot, than jumping in here proving it.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
[quote=kirkleaforex;14796460]{quote} Hola amigo. He estado donde estás tú varias veces, muchas más veces de las que me gustaría contar. Es duro, de eso no hay duda. El juego mental al operar es el más difícil al que me he enfrentado en mi vida. Lamento que hayas tenido esta experiencia; sin duda, te hará reflexionar y, con el tiempo, es posible que decidas regresar e intentarlo de nuevo. Hasta entonces quiero agradecerte tu aportación aquí y no te deseo más que cosas buenas en el futuro, decidas lo que decidas. Kirk[/cita]

Thank you kirk, and thank you all for your kind words, they give me a lot of support and motivation, right now I am doing a complete backtest of my operative but mostly working on the psychological part. I will have three months perfecting both aspects to come back with more strength. I will continue to contribute as much as I can to this thread that welcome me back to the world of forex, and in a few months, I will be back in trading Never give up ¡¡¡¡¡¡

--- 帖子 #892 ---
the kindergarten is on the other side

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Best wishes, mate.

There's a saying I like to use in times like this: "If it's meant to be, it's up to me."

It is ultimately my responsibility to make this work, using any and all means necessary, so that my future ends up being the way I dream it will be.

Nobody can do it for me. It's all up to me. Just like it's all up to you.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Dear Kirk, as you said, "The mental game when trading is the toughest I have ever faced in my life."

I am very sorry to hear that dear LinuxBoy97 lost the challenge and I hope that he will come back after he recovers and we will see him here again. I am also passing a prop challenge. My biggest problem is the mental issues during trading. Sometimes I don't allow the profit to grow after a good entry, and sometimes I enter in a hurry and make a wrong entry. In this way, I get small profits and big losses. I am practicing and trying to solve the problem day by day.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
I have the same problem mate

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Some aspects that I am going to change to become more disciplined

- Do more physical exercise, constant and daily exercise generates a robust discipline that is difficult to break, if we apply the same discipline to trading we will have a great advantage

- Being responsible for my actions and knowing that every action leads to a reaction, whether good or bad, the universe is how it is.

- I will never operate away from my desk, under any circumstances because of this I failed my last prop challenge, and I am not willing to go through the same thing again

- Establish a loss limit according to my trading plan, from now on I will work with 0.33% and 0.50% as the maximum established

- There are no good or bad results in trading, only results

Now, as I mentioned in previous posts, I have to work hard to polish these aspects of my personality; If I want to be a professional it is my responsibility.

Sorry Kirk if I've gone a bit off the idea of the BTBA thread, this has become very important to me and sharing my experiences here keeps me going; In April I will continue sharing all the entries I made with BTBA and looking forward to the next version, a big hug to everyone and always remember:
It's up to you, to be a professional!!

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Hi Thread,

Not been here for a while but got back here now. I am having problems with the buy sell arrows not showing, I have cleaned out all indicators and downloaded the latest set from the thread but it seems not to be working properly. I really like the buy sell arrows and would really appreciate any help if possible.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Take a coin and flip it!

You need to trade your brains, not your arrows!!!

--- 帖子 #899 ---
you should stop being so helpful, people wont like you

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Hello friend, welcome back, today I am going to configure my setup to operate for the next few months, how much version of BTBA are you using?

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Hi mate, sorry you are having issues and very sorry I have not been around in the thread much of late to respond more quickly.

There are multiple reasons why this could be happening.

I would check first whether the arrows are appearing on different time frames, just switch to a higher TF and make sure you zoom your chart out a bit. If they are appearing then it's likely you need to adjust the pip distance setting in the latest BTBA version to a lower value. I have my distance set at 10 pips for XAUUSD, but 10 pips for standard pairs is a long way away from price, especially when you are looking at the M1 chart zoomed in up close. Standard pairs you can probably set the pip distance at 1 or 2 pips, whatever is your preference, and this is also dependent on your TF.

If after you have checked the above and they are still not appearing correctly then it may be something to do with the file names, i.e. if you downloaded the latest set of indicators BEFORE deleting the existing ones the new ones would have (1) or possibly (2) at the end of the file name, which would cause an error. I realise you mentioned you cleaned out the indicators and downloaded the new set, but I am just checking this is the order in which you did this.

If the issue still persists after checking these things then it is something I probably need to look at myself over a Zoom session, if that is what you feel would help? I have done that with a few thread members here and I have been able to get people up and running. Let me know in a private message.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
I also have a problem with the indicator, there are pairs where the arrow appears and in others it doesn't

Turns out it was working normally, I really don't know what could be happening.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
GBPJPY appears arrows

EURUSD and several other pairs are no longer appearing

The strange thing is that it was normal until yesterday

I'm confused, and I don't know which setting I should change to try to get it working again

versão 3.2

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Hi thread.

I am also having the same issues with the BTBA indicator where the arrows are no longer appearing in real time. They will appear if I change timeframes and change back again, or they will appear again if I open the Indicator Settings and then close again.

This issue could be the result of the recent MT4 software version update to Build 1415, but that update happened on March 1st and these arrow issues only started happening these past couple of days, so I doubt this is the cause.

Please note this indicator was coded for me by the team at MT4programming.com. I have emailed them asking for their assistance and I hope to bring you an update on this over the coming day or two. Thanks for your patience in the meantime.

Kirk

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Hi Kirk et al

I recently been looking into this indi/thread and see some promise. I've also been trying the indi on Renko charts in order to get 'cleaner' signals and this does seem to be the case, but arrows seem to appear/disappear and then reappear on the 'correct' bar.

This seems similar to the realtime issue you describe, but a little different.

Thanks

Paul

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hi Paul.

This is not designed to work with Renko charts, sorry. It might be possible to recode the indicator so it does work, I don't really know enough about how Renko and offline charts work to know whether this is possible, but recoding this indicator is not something I am open to considering.

In any case I don't see it being related to the current issue with arrows not appearing correctly, as the BTBA indicator has never worked properly with Renko charts to my knowledge.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
OK, thanks for your reply.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
OK, while waiting for a reply from the coding team I may have had some success myself, it remains to be seen...

Attached is the latest version of the BTBA V5.0 (both versions, one with exit alerts and without).

This latest version introduces the Kuskus_Starlight indicator as an additional filter, and I find it works really well. It helps to filter out bad signals and allows you to stay in a trade longer. You will therefore notice in the main settings there is a new option called Kuskus_Starlight Threshold with the Default value being 30. You can experiment with this value of course, but I personally find the default value works just fine.

Attached you will see I have added ALL indicators that are being used by this latest indicator version. IT IS RECOMMENDED YOU DELETE ALL EXISTING INDICATOR VERSIONS AND DOWNLOAD THE LATEST VERSIONS FOR THIS TO WORK.

This latest version is working perfectly for me, all arrows are appearing in real time as they should, so I can only assume it will work as designed for others. If not then you are welcome to post in here and I will do my best to assist. But please note if I find you have not followed the directions as outlined in this post (i.e. delete all existing indicator versions and download the latest versions) I will simply refer you back to re-read this post.

I find it useful to load two separate versions of the BTBA V5.0, with the following settings selected:

1) BTBA V5.0 indicator 1

- Show Only Base TF Alerts selected

- Only Show First Entry Arrow set to No.

2) BTBA V5.0 indicator 2

- Show Only HTF Alerts selected

- Only Show First Entry Arrow set to Yes.

You can see on the attached screenshot how this looks, it is a lot cleaner. I have not experienced any issues with lag, but I wouldn't change the PLOT_MAXIMUM_BARS_BACK value to any more than the default value of '5000'.

Lastly, while you are welcome to add all of the available indicators to the chart YOU DO NOT NEED TO DO THIS. It clutters the chart window and reduces the available space for the candles to appear. The arrows do all of the heavy lifting - if an arrow appears you can safely assume that all indicators are in agreement without having to see this happening in a separate indicator window.

I hope this is helpful in your trading journey, but please, as always, realise that the arrow signals are NOT meant to be followed blindly. Use these signals at your own risk and by using your own discretion, preferably in confluence with an existing strategy you are already confident with.

Best wishes, everyone.

--- 帖子 #909 ---
I see some people have already downloaded the latest BTBA V5.0 but about half of these people have downloaded the rest of the required indicators that allow the BTBA indicator to function.

AGAIN - if you do not have ALL attached indicators downloaded and pasted into your / Indicators folder the BTBA will not work. Please read the above post before blindly downloading and assuming it will work for you.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Thank you very much Kirk!

I wish you the best

--- 帖子 #911 ---
[quote=kirkleaforex;14808477]I see some people have already downloaded the latest BTBA V5.0 but about half of these people have downloaded the rest of the required indicators that allow the BTBA indicator to function

Hi Kirk,

I said I would study the system and am ready to download the BTBA, as I don't have any previous data d/loaded hopefully this  latest version will be OK.

In your chart posted above is it Indicator 2.

Thank you for your valuable time and effort on this work, and hopefully you have retired for the evening, some of us never know when to go to sleep.

Ben

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Dear Kirk, thank you very much, I wish you the best.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Thanks Kirk for your help and time!)

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Hi kirkleaforex,

Thank you first,  could you please share you template like this the picture that show in your post.

I'm not you the RED/BLUE arrow is come from BTBA 5.0 or other indicator, please advise me.

Thanks.

Prasit P.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Hi mate.

Attached is a template file which should work. Let me know in a private message if there are any issues.

Regards,

Kirk

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Hi kirkleaforex,

Thank you for everything you share.

Prsit p.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
You are welcome, although I am starting to see a few problems with the HTF arrows again. The Base TF arrows should not be a problem, they seem to work perfectly well. Let me know if you have any issues.

I have sent another email to the programming team. Hoping I can get this sorted asap...tired of seeing these issues happening.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Received a reply from the coding team. The main guy who I have been emailing is away on leave and is due back over the weekend sometime.

If people are having any issues please let me know so I can collate this information and have it ready for him.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #920 ---
I am sorry Su-Bai, but I am not sure what you mean by your post - in your image you have written 'No Arrows', but I can see there are many arrows on that chart (the white and black arrows are the BTBA arrows for the Base time frame).

Are you referring to the higher time-frame arrows not showing? If so then we need to check a few things to make sure you have everything set up correctly. Send me a private message and I will do what I can to assist.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
BTBA v5 no red and blue arrows on all time frames

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BTBA with exit alerts.V5.0 seems to have another style after loading.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
OK, let's see if I can get this fixed for you.

But first, please note the .tpl file that I provided in my earlier post will NOT WORK for the version 'BTBA with exit alerts'. It will only work with the standard BTBA V5.0 indicator.

So, if you prefer to use the BTBA version that has the exit alerts, you need to do the following:

1) start with a blank chart, with no indicators...

2) add two instances of the BTBA with exit alerts to the Chart

3) go to the Settings menu of the first indicator instance, and change the following in the settings:

- Show Only Base TF Alerts selected

- Only Show First Entry Arrow set to No.

4) go to the Settings menu of the 2nd indicator instance, and change the following in the settings:

- Show Only HTF Alerts selected

- Only Show First Entry Arrow set to Yes.

Once you have done this, right click anywhere on the chart window and save your setup as a Template.

Let me know if this works, if not we will need to make a time to meet up over Zoom or similar screen sharing platform so I can look more at what is going on.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Yes, I did this so that people can tell the difference between the versions and know which indicator is on your chart window, otherwise they can get mixed up.

If you want to, you can change the individual colour settings and then save that new colour selection as a Preset in your MQL4 / Presets folder.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BTBA with exit alerts.V5.0 will have blue and yellow X's according to your settings. What do these X's mean?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BTBA V5.0 still does not have blue and red arrows.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BTBA with exit alerts.V5.0 is loaded on the left

BTBA V5.0 is loaded on the right

The settings are the same, but the arrows displayed are completely different...

--- 帖子 #927 ---
If you are using the BTBA with exit alerts, you will see in the Settings dialogue you have three available choices for potential exit signals:

1) TVI exit alerts - these are White and Black 'X' symbols and these indicate when there is a potential shift in momentum with the TVI indicator;

2) Stoch exit exit alerts - these are Blue and Red 'X' symbols and these indicate when the Stochastic Oscillator is in extreme OB or OS status;

3) Currency Strength exit alerts - these are Gold and Green 'X' symbols and these indicate when there has been a change in momentum with the higher time frame Currency Strength indicator. What is particularly important with this exit alert however is you need to select the higher time frame in the indicator Settings dialogue, for instance, if you are viewing the M1 chart and you want to see Currency Strength exit alerts for the M30 chart, you need to change the Higher TF Filter setting to 30 Minutes so these alerts appear correctly.

Refer to the 3 screenshots attached, one for each exit alert. I personally no longer utilise the exit alerts, I have other ways I secure my profits as my exit strategy has changed away from using the BTBA indicator exit signals.

And now, about the arrows appearing differently between the different indicator versions, yes this is true but only because the individual indicator settings are not matching for each indicator version.

Bring up the Settings for each indicator and make sure ALL individual settings are matching for both versions and you will then find that all arrows will appear in the same position. They are coded exactly the same so there is no reason why they would appear any differently. You will notice in each of my screenshots, I have BOTH indicator versions together on the screen, and I have spaced the arrows apart so they both appear and are not sharing the same space. You can clearly see all arrows are appearing correctly for all candles.

Please note however if you use the BTBA indicators on any higher time frame than the M1 the arrows will appear differently. I am currently investigating why this is happening. Both indicators are coded identically, the only difference I am aware of is the exit code. But I am slowly working through both indicators, line by line, looking for errors. If I find any errors I will correct them and post an updated version of the BTBA with exit alerts.

I hope this has helped you to better understand the different versions of the BTBA indicator and how they function. I suggest testing different individual settings and see how these change when the arrows appear. For example, I have recently been testing using the Kuskus_Starlight at a faster setting of 13 and I find this allows me to get into trades a little sooner. This is sometimes a good thing, particularly when I am trading the higher volume markets such as London and New York where markets are moving faster. I don't recommend using lower (faster) individual indicator settings during times when the markets are not volatile though, as you may find there will be too many false signals. This is all about testing what works best for your trading style and what fits well within your existing trading strategy.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Hi, Kirkleaforex, I need your help, BTBA V5.0 doesn't work in my Mt4. Please help me how to use it. Thank you very much for your help. Attached File(s)   BTBA V5.0.ex4

44 KB
|
186 downloads
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Hi Lavery1.

Can you post a screenshot of the Indicator Settings also? Just edit your existing post to add it rather than create a new post, if you like?

Also, have you changed time frames and then changed back again? Refreshing the indicator might work sometimes when you have first opened up MT4 after a weekend.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hello KirkleaForex, please tell me what this error is!

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Hi, kirkleaforex. I have edited my last post. May it meet your mean. Thank You very much

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Hello thread.

Apologies for the ongoing issues with the latest indicator version. In the meantime please try this latest version attached BTBA V5.1. (This version is without exit alerts - I am no longer updating nor am I providing further support for existing BTBA versions with exit alerts).

If this latest V5.1 doesn't work then unfortunately I will be abandoning this project, as I just don't have the available time to keep supporting this thread, I have many personal and family-related issues that deserve my attention.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Sorry, I am not a coder and I have no idea what this error means.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Praise be to God, the new version is working. I thank you from the bottom of my heart and I pray for you day and night to obtain everything you desire. I ask you not to leave us and continue updating with us. My greetings to you and my best wishes for you with good luck, success and good health. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Try this version, you won't get the timer errors.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
OK thread, here it is. The FINAL EVER version of the BTBA, aptly named 'BTBA V5.2 (Final Version)'.

This version is with NO exit alerts.

Tested and working for me. If it doesn't work for you, then I apologise, but I am no longer able to offer ongoing support due to time and other constraints. Fingers crossed this works as you need.

I will not be answering posts asking for support. Some things are more important, such as quality family time after recent tragic events.

So that is it for now. Thanks to everyone for your contributions and support in here. It has been very much appreciated. Best wishes for your trading future, each and every one of you.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Thank you for your hard work Kirk, what you do for us is greatly appreciated, personally I am using the btba 4.5 version and I have not had any problems, it is my favorite and in terms of my operation; I'm back, I'll spend a couple of months perfecting my operations and focusing my mind, good luck to everyone and I'll share some results here

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Thanks mate, welcome back and best wishes for your trading.

I am happy the V4.5 is working well for you. The final version 5.2 is basically the 4.5 but with the Kuskus_Starlight indicator added, which I find helps me with my entries a little.

Anyway, best wishes and thanks for your contribution here.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Hi Kirk n Lea,

Just a simple "Thanks Mate" hardly seems enough, but it comes from the heart, an it's Fair Dinkum

Take time out, regroup n recover, guys, hopefully some four legged friends will allow some peace and tranquility to invade your lives.

I look forward to my time with BTBA, especially all the guidance you have provided to everyone.

B 4 now-----Hoo Roo

Ben

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Hello

I tried downloading 5.0 with alert and it worked fine, no problems.

But

I downloaded the 5.2 final version but when I added it to the chart, no information appeared. Plain white chart

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Dear Kirk, thank you for all the hard work you have done during this time. You followed this issue carefully and answered the questions. It was a good help for me in every way. I hope you will always be successful, healthy, and happy with your family.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Did you download all of the other indicators that were posted in Post #909? The BTBA V5.2 (Final Version) will not function if you do not have all of those indicators in your / Indicators folder.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Well colleagues, this is how we take advantage of every opportunity, this is one of my favorite configurations, bullish force convergence and to the moon.

I'm still waiting for bullish movements

Now, one thing I should keep in mind is that the results I get here will be the same as those of my next challenge, since I am applying the same rules but this time, without breaking any haha, some things I am doing is stopping see the graphs once the session is over, do not see the graphs from the phone or tablet until an hour before the operation, this has made me more disciplined and constant, let's see how this month treats us

--- 帖子 #944 ---
thank you

I did and it worked

But personally, I like version 5.0 with alert better because it has profit-taking point suggestions.

I'm trying to combine it with ICHIMOKU to filter out false arrows

--- 帖子 #945 ---
OK fair enough.

As I can't sleep tonight, here is a version of V5.2 with Exit Alerts. Hopefully this will work as you need. You can compare both this and V5.0 in terms of entry signals and decide which one you prefer.

I like the idea of using it with Ichimoku, best of luck with your trading.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Hello . Thank you very much for these indicators

I haven't checked much on the history

But after watching it the past few days

I find that version 5.0 alert has the x sign to close the order better than version 5.2

But 5.2 has more command entries than 5.0

If you can combine the entry of version 5.2 + the x sign to close the order of 5.0, I think it will be a good method.

I'm trying to edit the parameters of version 5.2 to have an x to close the order like version 5.0 but can't do it yet.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Thanks, there was one tiny difference in the code on one line, took me over an hour to find it. Fixed.

Make sure you delete the existing version from your / Indicators folder before you copy/paste the new one.

Let me know if there are any other issues you find.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
thank you :

but why don't you edit on the version "with exit warning"

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Oh no!!!

Sorry, that was a big mistake...so sorry everyone. I did this at 4am and I probably should have waited until I had some sleep!

OK attached are BOTH versions of the Final Version, with exit alerts and NO exit alerts.

I can't believe that, and so many people have downloaded it! AAAARRRRGGGHHH!

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Don't worry Kirk, just goes to prove that you are human

Ben

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Dear kirkleaforex,

I've been following your thread for 2 weeks now. Your work is remarkable and I find it very precise. I've done quite a few tests on Gold and today analyzed March's history on BitCoin. It's really impressive.

I'll be doing a few tests this week and won't hesitate to give my feedback.

nb: I'm coding a bit, so if you need any help, don't hesitate.

Great job!

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Too true Ben... can't handle these late nights like I used to, lol.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Thanks mate, I appreciate the comments. Looking forward to your feedback when you have had time to test.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
I just discovered a guy on MQL5.com selling my BTBA strategy for USD$199.00, if you can believe it?

He has coded an EA for MT5 using some of the same indicators I use in my strategy but also some different ones, and is calling it the 'SMC BTBA EA'.

I can't help feeling cheated after all of the work I have put into this strategy, the money I have spent having it professionally coded, and I offer my time and support to the FF community for free, and this idiot takes my strategy and is charging such a huge amount of money for it, passing it off as his own creation!

It's reasons like this that I don't provide the .mq4 file, only the .ex4. I shouldn't be surprised though, the world is full of idiots, cheats and scammers.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hello Kirk,

Bad news  Maybe you can contact MQL5 community and proof the copie act ...

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Hi Kirk

Yes, just seen it now, what a low life...

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Oh..thats bad.. kirkleaforex..you should have made EA and put for selling as you are the original creator and spend lot of time and money for this system. Is there any special reason why you didnt made the EA? I was just wondering. I know that the system is very good, but person like me with very bad psychology can never get it working in its full potential , hence EA would have been a better choice. Do you have plan to release EA in the near future?

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Hi Kirk, I agree with Straasha. also drop a line to FF moderators see if they can spike his tyres and get a Name n Shame file on this Ass---@#$%%%^&*()---hole expose this individual for what they are.

Ill gotten Gains have a way of disappearing, rather quickly.

Thanks for exposing this person, lets hope it is resolved to your benefit.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
I got this up and running with minimum fuss thanks to the instructions Kirk! Really interested to watch it play out and see if it lines up with my current strategy on gold, hoping to be able to use it as a confluence on first impressions. Thanks so much for being so open with it and it sucks to hear that openness being exploited above.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
He has now removed it from his MQL5.com profile, which was the right thing to do. Seems he didn't understand how 'theft' works, stealing someone's ideas and selling them for profit. A good outcome.

Anyway, welcome to the thread, I wish you every success mate.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
buy and support M1, go

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Nice !

What is your trend indicator in the right corner please ?

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Trade with the trend, understand basic price action and BTBA will give you some nice entries!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thankyou kirkleaforex

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Thank you for writing such a good indicator

Currently I have 1 method. Can you code it into EA? If possible, I will contact and talk about my method via telegram

Do you have telegram?

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Is it possible to make the latest version work on all currency pairs? Thanks

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Hi mate.

Please note I am not a coder, I have no knowledge or ability in these areas other than how to do very basic things.

The BTBA indicator was coded for me by a professional team of programmers at www.mt4programming.com. I find them to be extremely good at what they do, and highly recommend them for any coding work.

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Hi mate.

The latest version already works with any pair you have available for your MT4 platform. But here's a few things you can check to make sure it appears as it should:

1) make sure the 'Alert 'Gap' away from candle' setting is set to a low number setting for standard pairs. You can try different settings to see what works best;

2) make sure you have downloaded ALL additional indicators from the most recent post (for V5.2) and have these in your / Indicators folder;

3) make sure all additional indicators are named correctly, i.e. if you have downloaded them multiple times they will have '(1)', '(2)' etc as part of the file name, these bracketed numbers will need to be deleted from the filename so the main BTBA V5.2 indicator finds them in your folder. It is best to delete any indicators you are not using to avoid confusion.

If these suggestions don't work for you, please send me a private message and we will sort it out.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
I have been trying out Rebels Funding last week on their free trial account, getting familiar with their platform etc. I was reading so many stories of people saying how much they enjoyed trading with this company. They are gaining a positive reputation for offering a wide variety of programs with very affordable pricing.

They do not offer MT4/5, they have their own platform they call RF Trader which uses Tradingview charting, (but with some limitations).

Anyway I started a free trial, just to test out everything, and I was pretty impressed overall.

I do have a few issues for things I would like to see improved / implemented:

- there is no way to save your 'favorites' like you can in Trading View, such as preferences for Indicators, drawing tools, time-frames etc.

- once you have set up everything the way you like it, the platform eventually logs you out automatically when it is not being used. Then when you log in everything is reset and you have to set things up the way you like them again

- payout payment options are very limited. There is Riseworks, Bank Deposit, and Crypto (USDT and BTC).

Once you pass a free trial they automatically email you giving you a 15% Discount Code to use with any one of their live challenge accounts.

Once I passed the free trial I decided to buy a live $10K account and go through the 'Silver' challenge (Cost was USD$80 - 15% = USD$68.00). For the Silver challenge (and the Gold and Diamond also) this fee is 100% refundable upon successful passing of their challenge phases. For Copper there is a 150% refund and with Bronze the fee refund is at 200%.

The Silver challenge is a 2-step challenge with rules and objectives very similar to FTMO, i.e. 1st phase you need 8% profit, 2nd phase you need 5%, maximum DD is 10%, daily DD is 5% etc. There is one big difference to FTMO however, and that is the leverage - leverage for Gold is set at 1:25 for the 2 training phases, and then I believe it tightens to 1:15 for a live account.

I ended up passing Phase 1 on the very first day of trading, which was perhaps lucky as there was a strong move and I took advantage of this. Then I passed Phase 2 over the following 2 days. I submitted my request for a live account about 30 minutes ago, and they say to allow up to 48hrs for this to be processed.

Yes, there is an affiliate program but I am not here trying to sell this to anyone, I am just writing about my honest experience with this prop firm. So far, very good. Trustpilot reviews are very positive overall, (but who really knows with Trustpilot, right?)

Is anybody else using this company to trade with? If so, I am keen to hear about your experience. I will continue to provide updates on my own experience here.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Just a quick update to this post from earlier...Rebels Funding have been very quick with their approval and setup of my live account, it all happened well within 24 hours.

Now it's time to test the 'live' platform and compare this experience with the demo challenge phases, and of course test out the withdrawal process when it comes time.

Stay tuned.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Hi Kirk,

longer time not posted anything as a bit busy with other things but checking the thread continuously what is new here. I just started to test your latest version of BTBA 5.2 and found something which I never experienced before - when I choose arrow for HTF /fat blue and red arrows/ and I entered based on this and don't changed anything as running it on VPS after 2 minutes arrow just disappeared. Did same happened to you? See attached picture and the disappeared arrow is highlited with yellow line at 10:17 today.

Tea

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Hi mate.

No this has not happened to me, I can't explain it sorry. I will ask the coding team.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
This is something I also observed.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
What settings do you use for HTF and exit? Thanks

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Well friends, I have been trying several platforms, including Ctrader, which I do not recommend at all haha, the account I started was like this, with a positive margin, now I have migrated from platform to MatchTrader, which is much more convenient and faster for me, I am still working and I have a long way to go for the challenge ahead, but I am very happy with the results.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Using BTBA?

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Yhes BTBA and price action

--- 帖子 #978 ---
default I changed only things at the bottom

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Quick update regarding my experience with Rebels Funding.

Trading conditions have been good, fast execution, spreads are narrow, platform seems stable. I am getting used to the charting limitations. I am lucky to have dual monitors and I have MT4 on one screen and the RF Trader platform on the other.

Up over 1.5% so far. I want to complete my first withdrawal once I hit 5%, will share my experience with this at that time.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
I liked MatchTrader

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Nice! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #982 ---
beautiful shorts

--- 帖子 #983 ---
What a beautiful sight that is. A waterfall of pips. Hope you managed to take advanrtage of that move and reel in some profits  mate.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
I like bitting the big apple, but currently i used more simple and powerful system with renko chart

--- 帖子 #985 ---
In above images will show you Gold chart up and down movement.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
in future i am looking for big apple arrow include in my system and some testing, will share soon

--- 帖子 #987 ---
This indicator follows the trend quite well

Therefore we should filter out sideway regions.

Please enter DCA trend in the direction of the arrow and take profit when there is an x sign

Choose strong waves to DCA according to the arrow and you will have very good profits

You should choose strong pairs like Gold and US30. us100, ...can also be BTC

You can trade M1 frame

--- 帖子 #988 ---
What is DCA?

--- 帖子 #989 ---
DCA refers to 'Dollar Cost Averaging'. Read about this concept by visiting the following link to the Investopedia explanation:

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d...r%20portfolios.

https://www.investopedia.com/thmb/4H...acc3129798.png

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Thank you Kirk

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Yes, The higher timeframe arrows repaints sometimes. i also observed this.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
I don't think the higher TF arrows can be relied upon at this stage, at least not until the coding team have had a chance to fully investigate.

Many indicators using higher TF analysis often present issues with 'recalculating' (as opposed to 'repainting'), mainly when the chart window is refreshed, or when the TF is changed and then changed back again.

I appreciate that the higher TF arrows in this instance are disappearing in real time for some users, without the chart window being refreshed or the TF being changed. I have not experienced this myself, but to be honest it has been a while now since I last used the higher TF arrows in my own personal strategy.

Perhaps the code can be updated as a way to resolve this, I am still waiting to hear about this from the coding team. If there is a fix available I am sure they will be able to achieve it for us.

In the interim I can only recommend limiting your use of the BTBA to the Base TF as there is no risk of those signals not functioning as expected. If you then need confirmation of a higher TF confluence, you can always add the Currency Strength Lines (modded) indicator to your chart window and change the Strength Lines Time Frame to the higher TF of your choosing. After all, the only difference between the BTBA's Base TF arrows and the Higher TF arrows is the Currency Strength Lines (modded) indicator set at a higher TF.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
I tested it

Not necessarily in a high frame. I use time frame M1, the X mark has been repainted
(

There are cases where the price goes strong and an X appears => I cut the order

But when I reloaded the chart, the X mark disappeared and appeared on another candle. I had a small profit cut (

--- 帖子 #994 ---
I need to be very clear here so there is no misunderstanding. This post is not aimed at you specifically, tienvip123be, it is aimed at helping guide and educate people who are unaware of what 'repainting' actually means.

The issue you are experiencing with the exit alert arrows is not a 'repainting' issue, it is a 'recalculation' issue, i.e. candle and indicator data is being 'recalculated' every time a chart is refreshed. There is a BIG difference between the two concepts.

'Repainting' is when you see alerts changing position in real time. This is not always an indication of poor coding however. The Zig Zag indicator is a classic 'repainting' indicator, as are many other 'standard' indicators that are widely adopted and considered useful.

On the other side of the same coin are awful indicators with terrible coding such as the Solar Wind indicator, the Centered TMA indicator and countless others. If you refresh the chart you will see the history shows the signals to be perfectly positioned. How easy would it be to just blindly follow these and make unbelievable profits?! But in reality these indicators do not produce the same signals in real time, instead they 'repaint' in real time as new data comes in, and as such they are incredibly unreliable, even 'dangerous' to use as part of any strategy.

There is a huge difference between what is happening with a 'repainting' indicator and what is happening with a 'recalculating' indicator.

In terms of entry signals, the BTBA ENTRY alert arrows (Base time frame) do not recalculate, they simply can't move their position once a candle has closed and the arrow is printed on the screen. All data that was used to produce one of these Base time frame arrows does not change once the candle has fully formed, so there is no possible way the arrow will change position once the candle has formed as each arrow only uses whatever data was used in forming that one single candle.

The BTBA EXIT alert arrows, specifically the Currency Strength exit signal, is another beast unfortunately. This particular exit signal relies upon a mix of both Base and Higher time-frame indicator data and these alerts are therefore known to 'recalculate' if a chart is refreshed in some way, whether this be by using a separate refresh indicator, or whether the chart timeframe is changed and then changed back again.

Each time the screen is refreshed in some way, all existing data that was being used up to that point to calculate the positions of the EXIT alert arrows are also refreshed. Because a higher TF is being used in the data calculation, it is possible (even likely!) that a lot of price movement occurs inside that higher time-frame candle period. If the higher time frame is the 5 minute TF, candle data is being updated every single minute at each minute candle close, therefore you will likely see arrows appearing, disappearing and moving position within that 5 minute time window. There is simply no way to avoid this, unfortunately.

This is unlikely to affect older exit alert arrows that have already been there for a while, but it is very likely that more recent alert arrows are affected by the recalculation of data as that higher time frame candle was continuing to form. This is the reason why these specific exit alert arrows change position, or simply disappear / reappear in a different position, if the chart is refreshed in any way.

One way around this is to simply NOT refresh the chart when trading by avoiding use of an Auto Refresh indicator, or by not changing the chart time frame and changing back again. If you need to see what is happening on a different time frame, simply have another chart window open.

Regardless of all of the above though, I cannot stress enough that the BTBA indicator, like ANY indicator you will ever use, CANNOT be relied upon as a sole entry and / or exit strategy. It is just another indicator that offers a brief insight into a possible entry point, and the BTBA with exit signals offers an additional brief insight into a possible area to consider an exit. It is NOT in any way perfect, and it is definitely NOT recommended to trade blindly using the alert arrows.

The BTBA is best used in confluence as part of a greater overall trading strategy. It is very good at indicating the current directional bias, and it can occasionally be very good at indicating points of exhaustion where an exit would be recommended. But nobody should ever expect it to do things it simply can't do.

That being said, please refrain from posting in here with comments about how it doesn't work. The simple fact is NO indicators work, certainly not in the way people might want them to. Rather than point out how it is not working for you, put in the effort by experimenting with the BTBA as part of a larger overall strategy. This is how the BTBA is intended to be used. Expecting anything more is simply unrealistic and will eventually lead to disappointment.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Thank you very much for your clear explanation

Because I want to code this indi into an EA, I want to make sure for a few features

I am testing this strategy combined with MA and ichimoku to filter wrong orders

I will adjust the Currency Strength mode so that the X sign is considered in the current time frame to compare with the higher time frame.

Or we will find another indi to combine with to get a hint about SL TP score, such as ATR

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Yes I think that is a good idea to try until we hear back from the coding team about the higher TF issue.

Let me know how you go!

--- 帖子 #997 ---
I tested BTBA with halftrend - supertrend - EMA and Ichimoku

I realize that . EMA filter is the best (for me currently). Although it is slow, it will filter out more noise orders and reduce the account's DD than other trend indicators.

I use EMA 50/100/150/200, when they completely cross each other, I will enter an order.

Take a look at picture number 1: I put the X (CS - Currency Strength) filter on the current time frame

Picture number 2: I set the CS filter X mark in the M5 time frame

You can see that when filtering in frame M5, there will be a huge profit compared to frame M1 (currently), but because it will recalculate, when running in real time, I don't know what result it will have.

If you cut the order according to the X setting in frame M1, you will have less profit and often close the order short.

I will continue to study BTBA combined with 4 EMA but I will likely use another indicator to exit the trade.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
When I am loading the BTBA ver 5.2 on M1 XAUUSD chart, it shows up arrows everything but I am seeing some error in the Experts tab as given below.  My broker has XAUUSD symbol and I loaded all supporting indicators as per Post #909. Do you have any idea about these messages?

2024.04.15 19:41:36.279    Custom indicator BTBA V5.2 with exit alerts (Final Version) XAUUSD,M1: loaded successfully

2024.04.15 19:42:14.401    BTBA V5.2 with exit alerts (Final Version) XAUUSD,M1: OnInit(): XAUUSD is not Forex symbol, pip = point; Broker = Local -1 h. ChartID 1468173864

2024.04.15 19:42:14.401    BTBA V5.2 with exit alerts (Final Version) XAUUSD,M1: initialized

2024.04.15 19:42:14.457    Currency Strength Lines (modded) XAUUSD,M1: cannot set timer (5)

Journal Tab has only this message "2024.04.15 19:41:36.279    Custom indicator BTBA V5.2 with exit alerts (Final Version) XAUUSD,M1: loaded successfully"

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Hi there.

If you follow the instructions in Post #936 hopefully this will fix your 'Cannot Set Timer' error.

Delete your existing Currency Strength Lines (modded) indicator and replace with the version attached to that Post. Close your Mt4 and restart to ensure the replacement indicator version has compiled correctly.

Please let me know if this works.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Yes, it works !!  The timer error is not there now. Thank you @kirkleaforex for your quick reply. Really appreciate your support with this wonderful system!

The only other error is "2024.04.15 23:09:39.057    BTBA V5.2 with exit alerts (Final Version) XAUUSD,M1: OnInit(): XAUUSD is not Forex symbol, pip = point; Broker = Local -1 h. ChartID -1483477624"

If you know anything about this message, kindly let me know how to fix it.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Hi again...

I am unsure about this, perhaps there is somebody else in the thread that can assist?

From what I am reading on www.metatrader4.com however, that message line in your screenshot is an Informational message line only, and not an Error message line. To me this means the indicator should be functioning okay. Can you confirm this for me please?

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Just another quick update regarding my progress with Rebels Funding.

My live account is now up 2.62% so I am slowly but surely making my way closer to my 5% profit target when I plan to withdraw that full amount, to test this process.

I am definitely getting more comfortable with the RF Trader platform. Sure it has its' limitations when you compare it to Trading View, but after a while I am finding I am getting used to this and I am now more focussed on how I can best achieve the results I am looking for with the tools that are available.

Is anybody else had an experience with Rebels Funding? If so what are your thoughts, what has been your experience overall?

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Hi everyone, first time I see this thread. It can be very good, I learnt that my trading hours are London overlapped with NY and i like action. Maybe too doubts at first because i read the first post and strategy its little changed. Any suggestions?

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
There is a reason my first post has had the strikethrough placed through all text that is no longer applicable...quite simply, it is 'no longer applicable'.

If you continue reading through the thread you will come to learn that the indicator is best used as part of a broader strategy, and that is the individual user's responsibility. The indicator is NOT to be used as a standalone trading option, so DO NOT trade blindly by entering on an arrow without first finding confluence elsewhere.

Best wishes to you and thanks for joining the thread.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Very good setup today during NY Session

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Very nice, mate. Hope you earned some nice profits in that move.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Thank you @kirkleaforex. Yes, that chart is working with Buy/Sell arrows. I am using only HTF arrows at the moment as shown below.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
yhes my mate, moreeee piiips

and today one of my favorites setups, break with BTBA

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Another update regarding my live Rebels Funding account.

So I ended up achieving my 5% profit target during the most recent NY session (actually ended up with 5.6%) and I immediately submitted my first withdrawal request with Rebels Funding. The automated response I received advised I should allow up to 48 hours for this request to be processed.

Later on that same day I received a personal email from Marek the CEO mentioning that I was not yet eligible for a payout as I have not allowed 14 days from the time of my first trade. The email was very polite and professional, but I will admit it was a surprise...I must not have read this condition in the FAQ's...

So I will continue to trade conservatively for the next week and a half and will update you on my withdrawal experience when I am finally able to submit a payment request.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Congrats on catching some more pips, mate!

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
A quick update for those in here who like to use the higher TF feature of the BTBA.

The coding team has finished the work and I am now testing to make sure it does what you have been asking about, i.e. the arrows should now appear at the close of a bar and should not then disappear.

I have high hopes that this code update works without any issues. The coding team are the best people I have ever worked with, we are very fortunate to have them.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Hi Kirk.Congrats on your goal, plus.

I have reviewed some replies on Rebel and a couple of Questions if I may

1 Accepting the 14 day rule for a withdrawal from a trade I believe you cannot do another withdrawal for another 14 days from your last trade, is that your understanding also.

2 Is RF affected by a thing called a 2 minute rule  (think this is related to news releases-----ie no trading allowed during this period

Do you like their platform as many people praise it's in house design speed and efficiency---I guess you are using the BTBA, disregarding the current issues with some HTF arrows.

Ok enough for tonite may the pipilionaire continue his journey

Ben

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Hey Ben, happy to answer your questions.

1) first withdrawal needs to be minimum of 14 days after your first ever trade, then subsequent withdrawals are allowed once every 14 days after that;

2) I have been through the FAQ's and also through the relative clauses in the General Terms and Conditions and cannot find anything relating to a 2 minute rule. News trading is allowed. The only trading restriction I have seen in the FAQ's is each trade needs to be open for a minimum of 30 seconds.

3) I am getting used to the RF Trader platform...it is based on TradingView charting, but there are a lot of limitations. My main issue with it is you are unable to save your preferences as 'favorites', so every time you log in you need to set up your chart preferences again, i.e. drawing tools etc. Also, there is no way to have multiple time-frames shown side by side like you can in the actual TradingView platform, only one chart window is available.

I am fortunate to have 2 monitors and I have MT4 with the BTBA arrows on one screen and the RF Trader on the other, which helps. But I no longer use the higher TF arrows as these are not required as part of my own personal strategy.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
OK, time to let you all know the BAD NEWS!

On Friday I lost my funded account with Rebels Funding, thanks to the Balance-based Drawdown Rule (and thanks to me not reading the FAQs in full before deciding to trade!)

Here's a tip for those seeking funding through a Prop Firm...don't go chasing massive gains in a single trade without trailing your Stop Loss. You could find yourself up 8% in profit, then think to yourself 'I'm happy with that so far, I am going to bed now...' and then you wake up the next morning to find that 8% profit saw a retracement of more than 5% while you were sleeping. And with a balance-based drawdown rule, such as the one with Rebels Funding and SO MANY MORE prop firms out there, if your account drops more than 5% from your highest intraday balance, you are automatically disqualified.

So I am now only ever considering prop firms where they offer a balance based drawdown using the EOD (End of Day) balance. (OR perhaps I should just consider trying to achieve smaller gains! LOL)

For those interested in researching and comparing prop firms, here is a great website I discovered last week: https://www.propfirmmatch.com/

This site offers a subscription option along with an affiliate option, but I am not a paid subscriber nor am I an affiliate, I use this site as a free member. It is a great 'aggregator' to help sort through firms which offer certain options that I like to see, i.e. how long they have been in business, profit split, withdrawal frequency, reviews, drawdown type etc.

Best wishes for your trading this week.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Do you trade FTMO funds?

How do you rate the FTMO fund?

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Hi mate.

I trade my own funds. Occasionally I like to try out a new prop firm, but to be honest I am tending more towards futures trading as a future possibility, for the regulation aspect.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Hello @kirkleaforex , Sorry to hear that you lost funded account. I think trading own account is better as propfirms has conflict of interest with successful traders.

How is your testing with HTF feature of BTBA going on?  For me M1 chart moves so fast during market hours and very difficult to successfully place orders as per the signal. So HTF feature is something I am looking forward to.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
what indicator do you have at the bottom?

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Hi VinuNair. Yes I agree, trading own funds seems to be a far better option for many people, particularly as we are seeing so many prop firms 'rug pulling', refusing payouts and so on. There are so many ponzi scams out there, it is hard to know which firm to trust nowadays.

To be honest I have not been trading recently, I have too much personal stuff happening and it needs to take priority right now, so I have not had any time to be testing anything. Regardless of this though, I am attaching the latest version of the BTBA indicator BTBA V6.0 NO exit alerts (fixed HTF Arrows) which the coding team has worked on to try and resolve the issue of the disappearing / reappearing arrows. I have high hopes that this will work correctly now.

Always keep in mind however, if you are using a higher TF arrow to support a trading decision, you need to wait for that higher TF candle to fully close. We all should be fully aware that ANYTHING can happen inside a higher TF time window, price could spike 100 pips or more in a single minute. So if for some reason a higher TF arrow appears one minute and then disappears the next, it is not a result of bad coding, it just means that the higher TF entry conditions are continually being calculated and these conditions are only valid and finalised after the higher TF candle has fully closed.

Again, if you are basing your entry decisions on a higher TF confluent signal, you need to wait for that higher TF candle to fully form and close before entering.

From here though, please note I am no longer supporting further development of the BTBA with higher TF confluence, nor am I supporting further development of the BTBA with exit alerts. The BTBA is best used on the Base TF you are using, so if you need higher TF confluence then I recommend you all find another way, a better way, to find higher TF support for your trading decisions.

Even having a 'split screen' with the BTBA on both Base and higher TF charts side by side is worth considering. The BTBA arrows on the higher TF chart are still functioning as 'Base TF' signals on that higher TF chart anyway.

I will leave it there. Fingers crossed there are no further issues.

EDIT: I just noticed an issue during the pre-London (Frankfurt) session this past hour. Have tweaked the code slightly (I do know how to do some minor coding, particularly the strategy 'logic') I hope this fixes things. To those people who have already downloaded the previous version, please delete and then download again.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hi GoldenCopper.

That indicator is a different version of the Waddah Attar Explosion indicator, from what I can see.

Or it might be the same Waddah Attar as I have offered here in this thread but the colors might have been changed? I am unsure.

But is definitely the Waddah Attar Explosion indicator.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
For those who like using the BTBA's higher TF option, I have mentioned this before but it is worth mentioning again.

It is best to have two versions of the indicator on your chart window, with individual settings as follows:

1) Base TF BTBA arrows
- Show Entry Alerts | Show Only Base TF Entry Alerts
- Only Show First Entry Arrow? | No
- Alert 'Gap' away from candle | 0.1

2) Higher TF BTBA arrows
- Show Entry Alerts | Show Only HTF Entry Alerts
- Only Show First Entry Arrow? | Yes
- Alert 'Gap' away from candle | 0.5

This way you get to see the higher TF arrows appear at the start of the signal, but they don't clutter up the screen. Having them set at 0.5 pip distance also means they won't overlap the Base TF arrows.

Keep in mind these pip distance (Gap) settings are meant for XAUUSD. If you are trading standard FX pairs you will notice the arrows are well away from price and you will need to adjust this setting by changing the value, i.e. maybe change 0.1 to 0.05 etc. Experiment a little to see what works best for your preferred pair.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Thank you very much Kirk! I wish you the best

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hello again thread.

Well it is unfortunate but that higher TF version is still not functioning the way it should. Some arrows just aren't appearing at all, even when all conditions are present.

One way around this is to have the Autorefresh indicator running on your chart (see attached). Keep in mind that based on your setting i.e. 30 seconds, your chart will refresh every 30 seconds. If you set it to 300, it will refresh every 5 minutes, and so on. I personally have it set to 30 and it is working well. I am not noticing any lag, so I don't think it is eating up computer resources. Test and see whether it works for you.

One important thing to mention though, is it will affect all indicators running on your chart, and this might NOT be a good thing, so just be aware of this. It really is the only thing I can think of to overcome this problem without going back to the coding team, again. This is not something I have time for any more.

Hopefully this works.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Thank you kirkleaforex , I setup Gold 1 Minute as given below. The Indicator displays Arrows pretty good.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Dear Kirk, I haven't been here for a while because of my busy schedule and the time I spent working with your strategy and passing my prop challenge. I see how much time and energy (and money to code, of course) you've put into this strategy. Of course, you are right, the world is full of stupid and fraudulent people. Of course, I think you can inform MQL5.com about the issue and complain. You have enough evidence to prove your ownership of this strategy. In any case, I thank you again for all your efforts and wish you the best.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Hi  LinuxBoy97, What is your trend indicator in the right corner, please?

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
If possible, please send a full screenshot of the settings window to show the said settings. thank you

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Hello, have a nice day. A timely sale...

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Nice work, mate.

This is all you need, one trade like this a day, no need to overtrade. Looks like you have your system working well for you, with the Ichimoku as your TP.

I wish you continued profits for the remainder of the week!

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Greetings! Is there a version of the Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.ex4 indicator for MT5?

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Hi lipopos.

Sorry but that specific indicator is only available as MT4 to my knowledge. You would be able to have it converted though, the .mq4 file is available in the thread if you wanted to consider this? There are people in this site and other sites which offer this kind of support, (you just have to go looking though).

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Hello,

Thank you @kirkleaforex for your work. You are nice.

I tried to create an EA from your indicators but when I launch it I have this error message

2024.05.11 11:53:12.053    2024.05.09 03:05:19  Currency Strength Lines (modded) XAUUSD,M1: initialization failed (1)

2024.05.11 11:53:12.053    2024.05.09 03:05:19  Currency Strength Lines (modded) XAUUSD,M1: Alert: Error: XAUUSD not found. Cannot proceed.

Do you know why? This indicator is working outside the backtest.

Thanks for your help (I have BTBA V6.0)

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Hi mate.

Sorry I am not familiar with this error message and have no idea why that would happen. As far as I am aware the Currency Strength Lines (modded) indicator should work regardless of whether your Gold is called XAUUSD in your Market Watch or if it is called something different, but perhaps this could be the issue? I just don't know.

Be wary of using the BTBA as an EA though, you should not use it as a 'standalone' indicator. It is best you incorporate something else as part of your strategy to make sure the trade entry signals the EA is using are more reliable. The BTBA is very reliable in certain circumstances but it is not good when markets are flat and consolidating.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
I have downloaded BTBA V6.0 with all the indicators and put all in indicator folder (MT4).  BTBA signals DO NOT appear on my chart.  Am I missing something?  Thank you so much for your help.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Hi hashzar. Have you refreshed your Navigator after copying the files into the Indicators folder? Or did you at least close your MT4 and restart?

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
It's all working now..  thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Working well on M15 as well.  Break of structure and confirmed direction by BTBA.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Is there a way to integrate all these indicators into indi BTBA without including the mql4/indicator section?

I find the indicator quite heavy, making the computer seem to load slower

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Hi tienvip123be.

All of these indicators are being 'referenced' by the main BTBA indicator, but they are not fully integrated as you are suggesting. The BTBA does need the individual indicators to be located in your /Indicators folder, it won't function without them.

Having them fully integrated into the main code would cost me considerably more money and I am not prepared to spend any more than I already have on this.

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
sooo... i have been following this for a while now..but here is the issue.. this topic needs an updated post with installation instructions and ALL the current needed downloads linked.. as right now it is virtually impossable to get everything together..

maybe im wrong and it simple.. but i cant get any of these to attach.. not as an indicator not as an ea.. as an EA its just not registering.. as an indicator it looks like it loads but then nothing actually shows up on any chart.. so yeah..

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Hi kirkleaforex, are you using the supplement indicators as resources being called with iCustom? If so you should be able to compile the BTBA indicator and it should work fine without the need to have the resource indicators in the Indicators folder.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Hello thread.

I need to let you all know that I am no longer supporting this thread discussion or the BTBA indicator development. I am moving in a different direction now with my personal trading journey and the BTBA indicator is not a part of what I am now doing.

Plus I have very limited time available and I can't waste what little time I do have on something I am no longer using myself.

It was good while it lasted and I thank everybody for their enthusiasm and their contribution.

Please note I will not be answering any further thread posts or private messages.

I wish you all well for your future trading endeavours.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Hi Kirk, I hope you're doing well.

Sorry if I ask, but what strategy are you currently using?

I also want to thank you for all the work you did for this thread, I'm still using the BTBA 6.0 as conflunce to my strategy.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
It's not working anymore

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Hello Kirk,

If you read this I just wanted to say thanks for all of your great work, I've been following this post since December and installed all versions of your BTBA, and also uninstalled them all haha, I also created this account just to Thank You, I used this indi as confluence with other trader's analysis and also with my own, I now use it as part of my strategy using some SMC and it's pretty bang on.

Version 5.2 is still working solid (never downloaded V.6)

Cheers!!

PS. If you ever want to share what you're up to, please leave a line on here and I'll be sure to follow that new thread discussion.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Do not use this arrow marker for strategy! Slow and inaccurate. Try this! Much more accurate and faster.
I will code your EAs and Indicators for no charge | Page 3656 | Forex Factory

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
how its indicators work i metatrader 4 or 5?

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Computer Killer System )

many errors on indicators ,

Hard to find working indicators ,


===== 附件下载链接 =====

BULLBEAR HISTO.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4603945?d=1701599001
Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4603946?d=1701599002
Tick - Volume Indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4603947?d=1701599002
Waddah_Attar_Explosion BT.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4603948?d=1701599003
Biting the Big Apple.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4603957?d=1701599682
Biting the Big Apple V1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4604148?d=1701632345
Biting the Big Apple V1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4604149?d=1701632464
1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4604302?d=1701652592
2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4604305?d=1701652647
Biting the Big Apple ALL PAIRS.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4604685?d=1701697479
Biting the Big Apple V1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4606239?d=1701859426
Supply Demand Pro.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4606672?d=1701890203
Biting the Big Apple V2.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609098?d=1702270056
BULLBEAR HISTO.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609099?d=1702270070
Tick - Volume Indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609100?d=1702270082
Waddah_Attar_Explosion BT.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609101?d=1702270091
Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609105?d=1702270418
Waddah Attar Explosion.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609163?d=1702277063
Biting the Big Apple V2.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609181?d=1702278790
Waddah Attar Explosion.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609182?d=1702278805
Biting the Big Apple V1.1b.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609233?d=1702281712
Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609105?d=1702270418
alarm.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4610424?d=1702401021
alarm.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4610425?d=1702401022
MQLTA MT4 Currency Strength Lines.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4610428?d=1702401764
MQLTA MT4 Currency Strength Lines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4610429?d=1702401764
Biting the Big Apple ALL PAIRS V2.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4610451?d=1702403186
Waddah_Attar_Explosion.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4610607?d=1702429694
Waddah_Attar_Explosion.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4610608?d=1702429694
Waddah_Attar_Explosion BT.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4610609?d=1702429695
Waddah_Attar_Explosion BT.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4610610?d=1702429695
Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4611312?d=1702504868
Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4611772?d=1702559015
Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4611773?d=1702559015
Biting the Big Apple V2.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4612311?d=1702615821
Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4612316?d=1702616265
Currency Strength Lines XAUUSD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4612317?d=1702616266
BTBA Template.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4612320?d=1702616435
Biting the Big Apple V2.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4614916?d=1702986215
BULLBEAR HISTO.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4615682?d=1703064014
BULLBEAR HISTO.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4615683?d=1703064015
Tick - Volume Indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4615686?d=1703064113
Tick - Volume Indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4615687?d=1703064114
Waddah Attar Explosion.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4615688?d=1703064126
Waddah Attar Explosion.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4615689?d=1703064126
BTBA V3.0 Template.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4615849?d=1703078685
Biting the Big Apple V3.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4615850?d=1703078703
Biting the Big Apple V3.1 with exit alerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4616971?d=1703185759
Manual.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4617350?d=1703239671
Trading_Panel MT4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4617353?d=1703239713
Trading_Panel MT5.ex5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4617354?d=1703239713
! shved-supply-and-demand (mtf).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4618454?d=1703599233
Biting the Big Apple V3.2 with multiple exit alerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4619689?d=1703758135
BULLBEAR HISTO.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4619690?d=1703758162
Tick - Volume Indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4619691?d=1703758163
Waddah Attar Explosion.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4619692?d=1703758163
! shved-supply-and-demand (mtf).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4620467?d=1703855536
5TF Waddah Attar Explosion.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4623780?d=1704400082
Currency Strength Lines (modded).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4625007?d=1704624380
Currency Strength Lines (modded).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4625008?d=1704624385
Supply Demand Pro.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4625649?d=1704721484
Biting the Big Apple V4.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4627020?d=1704865463
Tick - Volume Indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4627023?d=1704865474
Tick - Volume Indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4627024?d=1704865474
Waddah Attar Explosion.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4627028?d=1704865485
Waddah Attar Explosion.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4627029?d=1704865485
Currency Strength Lines (modded).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4627033?d=1704865507
Currency Strength Lines (modded).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4627034?d=1704865507
BTBA Template (with M5 confluent CSL).tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4627117?d=1704872761
thickwick.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4628506?d=1704990714
thickwick.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4628507?d=1704990714
Trading Card.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4628572?d=1704996128
Trading Card.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4629419?d=1705074634
Biting the Big Apple V4.5 (with exit alerts).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4630252?d=1705274540
Biting the Big Apple V4.5 (NO exit alerts).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4630254?d=1705274545
Currency Strength Lines (modded).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4630258?d=1705274860
Waddah Attar Explosion.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4630260?d=1705274861
Tick - Volume Indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4630832?d=1705338555
TMA_Centered_H1_V2_VS.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4634123?d=1705665910
The ICT Bible V1 - By Ali Khan_230227_200632 copy.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4635786?d=1705965614
ict-if-vg.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4635787?d=1705965633
The ICT Bible V1 - By Ali Khan_230227_200632 copy.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4635790?d=1705965715
Trading Card 2.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4638129?d=1706180463
_OceanofPDFcom_the_mental_game_of_trading_-_Jared__231117_212121.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4639006?d=1706263657
Brain Hacks For Traders_@TradersLibrary2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4639011?d=1706263725
Just Shut Up and Do It (3).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4639013?d=1706263841
PDH_indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4643652?d=1706835091
Inducement Cycle V2 @SmartMoneyCourse.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4645289?d=1707126344
ICT 4. december_study_notes.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4645292?d=1707126423
ict-if-vg 2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4645293?d=1707126444
The ICT Bible V1 - By Ali Khan_230227_200632 copy.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4645295?d=1707126557
TMA_Centered_H1_V2_VS.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4655849?d=1708364671
TRO_Multi_Meter_CandleColor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4672287?d=1710211506
TRO_Multi_Meter_CandleColor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4672288?d=1710211506
BTBA V5.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4682615?d=1711453569
BULLBEAR HISTO.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4682619?d=1711453599
Tick - Volume Indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4682621?d=1711453614
Waddah Attar Explosion.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4682623?d=1711453620
Currency Strength Lines (modded).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4682625?d=1711453630
Kuskus_Starlight.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4682627?d=1711453643
BTBA with exit alerts.V5.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4682647?d=1711454964
BTBA V5.0 Template (Base TF and HTF arrows).tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4684067?d=1711584852
BTBA V5.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4686042?d=1711934545
BTBA V5.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4686298?d=1711971399
Currency Strength Lines (modded).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4686499?d=1711984245
BTBA V5.2 (Final Version).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4687037?d=1712059016
BTBA V5.2 with exit alerts (Final Version).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4689015?d=1712251889
BTBA V5.2 NO exit alerts (Final Version).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4690345?d=1712423980
BTBA V5.2 NO exit alerts (Final Version).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4690440?d=1712465905
BTBA V5.2 with exit alerts (Final Version).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4690444?d=1712465917
BTBA V6.0 NO exit alerts (fixed HTF arrows).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4705894?d=1714373751
AutoRefresh.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4706077?d=1714387468
