===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
like most people ive made money lost money always lookin for somethin that works bla bla blaaaaa were all really tired of talkin about that arent we?

well finally "found" somethin its actually the slingshot system by buffy or i think its called "bline" and i made my own version which is slightly a bit different from his template.

this works on any timeframe really. but i prefer either scalping it on the 5 min or 15 or 1h maybe 4h.

money management? thats up to u. my stops are discretionary and i look at previous highs or go for 10-15 pips if im trading 5min or 15 min it really depends on alot of stuff. but im sorry i cant help u there since ive done very well on counting on my experience when it comes to stops. same with targets. at least aim for the same as the stop u use. plus this system was made for nasdaq and SnP and its deff different from fxxxxxxx.

but this is not gonna be too worrying because im only gonna write and show the best trades. no reason to over trade and no reason to enter a half assed trade or one ur not too sure off. only look for the best best trades so that ur stop can be tight and u can secure an easy 25-30 pips a day on the 5 or 15 min. i can almost assure u theres a perfect trade everyday.

the setup:

stochastics:

k:20

d:10

slowing:20

another stochastics in the same window. this one is longer term.

k:50

d:10

slowing:20

3rd stochastics in the same window. this one is for entry.

k:5

d:3

slowing:3

first indication: what u need to do is first look at the 20 and the 50 and see what they are doing. this is not necessary but when the 20 is above the 50 then thats my first hint the trend is up

when the 20 is below the 50 then trend is down.

sometimes they are really close to each other which should make u cautious about taking trades.

second indication: you want the 20 to be crossed down with its signal line and the 50 to be doing the same. if both are crossed down with their signal lines then price is trending down and we look to sell.

vice versa for when they are crossed up.

taking trades: when the 20 and the 50 have crossed their signal lines down we look at the 5. we want the 5 to go into overbought if the trend is down. basically we are looking for a pullback. as soon as the 5 cross back down we enter. if a nice tiny little consolidation formed and 20 and 50 are trending down and nicely then enter at that even if the 5 didnt make it very high.

vice versa when the 20 and 50 are trending up

the examples will clear up everything and ill be posting a  few after im done with this post but im gonna add some remarks and then attach the first image.

remarks:

- the cross of the 20 and 50 is not so reliable. like an MA cross it can be tricky. but its good to look at because it can keep u away from bad trades.

- when the 20 cross its signal line, look at how steep its going up or down and also look at the space between the main line and the signal. the bigger the space the better the trade will be. same with the slope the steeper it is the better. this is stuff that after a few live and posted examples u will learn to see for yourself and ull know when its nice and trendy and when its being naughty.

- the 5 doesnt have to pull back all the way into oversold or overbought area. wait for a consolidation of price or for stochs to cross then enter. in a strong trend u can easily see when price stalls before continuing.

- im awesome

- if i can think of anything else ill deff add.

- o yea.

perfect long trade:

20 cross the 50 up.

20 and 50 both crossed their signal line up and are slopped nicely

5 pulls back all the way into oversold while price is stalling and consolidating.

- also try adding a 9 ema and a 34 ema (i like the fibo numbers) and when ur about to take a trade check if the 9 crossed the 34 up if ur taking a long trade or down if its a short. this is really just extra confirmation. i dont personally use it unless im really really bored.

ok. u know feel free to add anything and i dont take all the credit but a bit of it for my variations.

ok first chart

the 20 is crossed up with the 50. they have both crossed their signal lines and are moving up nicely. the 5 didnt go all the way down but price consolidated. i would enter at the bar right after the one with the low. basically telling me price isnt going any lower. i wait for it to close then i enter. this is a bit discretionary but thats how i do things. i look for little confirmations. another one is that star looking bar with the low. it has a name the open is the same as the close and it shows indecision so thats another small confirmation..

ok more to come next. stay tuned

--- 帖子 #2 ---
why take every trade? only look for the best.

this is a sell on the 15 min.

this method is quiet fun and easy on the eyes.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Look nice .. I will give it a try ... thanks

--- 帖子 #4 ---
nice buy setup on the 15 min usdchf

20 over the 50. both crossed their signal lines up. 5 pulls back into oversold. enter at the stochastic cross of the 5.

see theres opportunities in alot of pairs.

ill add some more

--- 帖子 #5 ---
perfect trade on the 1 min. with the tight spread on the euro its very doable. but i avoid the 1 min chart because it makes me wanna kill myself. nontheless when things are trending but no signals going to the 1 min can be worth it.

remark: when the stochastics move into overbought or oversold and the 5 pulls back all teh way or a bit then thats a true slingshot. so u can look for those too.

on this chart after the buy, price went up then consolidated, went down a bit and u see the 20 and 50 are above 80 and the 5 pulled all the way back. it wasnt the perfect trade since 20 was starting to slope down but since it was still above 80 and we had reverse divergence it would be a good trade to take.

maybe confusing but after some more examples and some trying out from anyone that is interested, things will be much easier.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
How do you go about laying the indicators on top of each other in one window?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
hey bagovino

just click and drag stochastics to the same window everytime. make sure u drag it under the line that separates the indicator window from the chart.

hope that helps

--- 帖子 #8 ---
a nice sell on the 15 min eurjpy. enter during consolidation or when stoch cross.

remark: trading this method during active markets is prob a better idea than trading during slow times. but i guess trading a pair like eurjpy during the asian session is a good idea

next week and afterwards ill try to post trades in the making or trades that have happened already but my time is gonna be limited because im going back to university and im taking lots of classes since ill be done soon. so basically ill be busy. but if anyone is gonna try this method please tell us ur experience or show trades u took and well damn tell me ur makin money or something. i slowed down on my personal trading because of school but one way to make sure this works when im pursuing my goals and dreams and trading part time is if people test it out and talk about their experience. ill post more examples right now or maybe tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
yo:

Ya got the first stoch settings as 21,10,20 but your charts are showing 20,10,20...wasssup??? Too many left hooks git ya brah?

--- 帖子 #10 ---
na just makin sure someone is payin attention lol

sorry bout that. its fixed

--- 帖子 #11 ---
i still cant get all of them in the same window, im using interbankfx mt4 platform, i tried dragging but its not going anywhere

--- 帖子 #12 ---
tiago:

drag the first stoch on the chart as normal. then drag the next two stochs INTO that first stoch window...should do it

--- 帖子 #13 ---
i cant attach a template or i would. when u drag the stochastics make sure u change the settings each time or else it wont do anything.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
2 sells on the eurusd 15 min. also a sell between the 2 if u notice the 5 pulled back a tiny bit. overall woulda been some good trades. look at the 20 and 50 when they slopped up and the 5 pulled back all the way to the 20 line basically oversold area. it woulda been a nice trade but the time of day would have kept me away especially after 2 nice wins.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
gotta print out your rules and have that in hand while looking at charts.....back later.....looks good though.....

.....

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Nice thread and an interesting approach.

I also use stochastics, but in my system this acts as my trigger.

I was wondering what you use as the signal for your exits.  Looking at your charts I see different places to exit using different criteria.  Since you have had experience with your system, which actually work most consistently?

--- 帖子 #17 ---
hey moonchild

a nice and easy way to get out is when the 5 stochastics goes oversold or overbought. u can exit and wait to see if another signal is happening. i also take in consideration the time frame im using if its 5 or 15 then i aim for 15-20 pips mostly 15. stop is usually 10-15 but since i only look for the best setups then my hit rate is pretty high.

in the example before u can see the first sell when the stochastics 5 pulls back right before the 80 line and then goes into oversold then pulls back for the next sell. in that example, exiting when the 5 goes into oversold masde an easy 15-20 pips each time.

hope that helps

--- 帖子 #18 ---
I notice in the chart of post #8 that you have a structure which I call a "bundling" of stochastics.  While I do not use these structures in my system I have noticed these while I was working on the combination of  indicators for my system.  What I had observed is that these are high probability reversal trades.  I was wondering whether you use these as entries.

I realize that in your system the 20 and 50 would have to be heading up at the time for you to take the trade, and when these structures happen they would not be heading either up or down, since by definition they would have to be neutral since they are at the point of turning.  You might consider using these structures as triggers for your entries.  Anyway, you might want to watch them and see whether this type of entry would suit your system.

One thing I really like about your system is that you have a low failure rate and this is something which I have worked very hard to build into my system, although I tend to be looking for a larger number of pips per trade, usually 20 or more.  I consider minimizing losses more important than maximizing wins.  It is easy to find winning trades, it is much harder to avoid losers.  How many newbies have made large amounts on good trades only to see all of it and more get lost on the bad ones?

--- 帖子 #19 ---
i see what u are saying. i took a closer look as ive seen em myself too and they can be a bit tricky because if the 20 and 50 are flat and oversold or overbought then u could be trading against the trend. the slingshot occurs when the longer term stochastic is oversold or overbought and flat so u could be entering a trade not knowing its only gonna be a small pull back before the trend continues.

but this formation seem to work better when the 20 and 50 flatten out in neutral territory. between 20 and 80 then taking that type of trade should work plus its psychologically better when it comes to watching it.

i think this example would describe what ur talking about and how i prefer taking that reversal trade if i decide to rather than taking it when the 20 and 50 are oversol or overbought. basically id take it when they flatten in neutral territory.

thanks for making me look deeper into this. it can deff catch nice reversals. as for the main system since u said u look for more pips try it on 15 min or 30 or 1h and aim for larger targets u wont be dissapointed .

a buy on the gbpusd 4h yielded near 400 pips in 2 weeks. with a no more than 50 pips stop.

please feel free to add anything else and post examples if u like or anything else

same for the others

--- 帖子 #20 ---
a buy signal? it woulda been a breakeven or small loss maybe even a small win.

2 things would have kept me away. the time of day. it was pretty late and the fact that 20 and 50 are really close together even tho they are trending up nicely. no reason to take half assed trades. no reason to dig for trades either. only the best setups. watch 2 pairs on 3-4 time frames and i can almost assure u u will have a trade or two everyday. dont go trading this during a dead market or holidays or on saturday.

if u dont have time during the day look at longer term charts. 1h or 4h. add a longer stochastics like a 100 and make the slowing 30-40 and look at 1h or 4h charts that way u can get a bit of confirmation if 20 and 50 are acting too fast. ill post an example of that in a second.

heres the half assed buy

--- 帖子 #21 ---
not the best setup but its a 1h chart and its a bit longer term and with the right combination it could be a nice 30 pips or so for trading at an odd time.

not the best setup because:

20 and 50 are close together but with a bit of space which is good

time of day its late.

good setup because

20 and 50 are trending up nicely

the 100 is above 80 which is a really good confirmation that trend is up

enter at the stochastics cross or during consolidation or a break of that consolidation

this trade would have gotten more than 30 pips so say stop is 30 pips aim for 30 or 40. the best setups have a high hit rate. the time of day will be an issue but since its longer time frames then its not much of a problem

ill post another setup next.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
HAving alll those lines in STOCH looks scary.  No matter, will look into it.  Any information as to how this will hold up in ranging markets or even the dull Asian session?

--- 帖子 #23 ---
2 buy examples. 1st in the afternoon gmt and 2nd at midnight.

really good setup

all 3 stochs are trending up nicely. enter at the cross of stochastic. if u missed the first the second was the start of a major move up. either aim for double ur stop if ur stop is 30 aim for 60-70 pips on a 1h chart with a good setup or if u can watch occasionally set ur target and if u see price moving up nicely then trail it or check for another signal and if another signal forms then increase ur target or add another position.

in this example after the first and second buy, the stoch 5 crossed up again and again after the 2nd buy so its telling u to add or stay in ur trades.

this one would have gotten close to 200 pips. say u got 100 out of it tahts really good for a few days period

--- 帖子 #24 ---
lol im sorry ill try to keep it cute and sexy with my next system. i thought about putting a picture of a pornstar as my background but i dont think i can do that with metatrader

try to avoid trading the asian session unless its a longer time framee and a really good setup.

as for ranging markets well the 1h can be ranging but when it ranges its going up and down so go down to 15 min or 5 min and catch the pull backs on those up and down moves. theres always a trend. it doesnt always have to be on 1h chart or 4h or daily. it can be on a 1 min chart if the 15 min and 5 min are ranging. with a really small spread like 2 pips on the euro theyr very tradable

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Hi boxingislife.

I have the same problem, I tried your advise but it does not work. I use MT4. Wha can I do?

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Click on the Navigator window first.  Get the indicator from there and drag it to the desired spot.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Yeah! Now it`s work fine! Thanx for your help!

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Are you looking for the 5 for only overbought or oversold or do you also look for the 5 to cross any of the other STOCH lines?  Do you wait for the candle close before entering a trade?

For STOCH, MA Method is SIMPLE? and PRICE FIELD is LOW/HIGH?

--- 帖子 #29 ---
well oversold overbought and crosses. sometimes the 5 doesnt pull back all the way to oversold or overbought but only pulls back to the 50 line for example. i usually look for teh 20 and 50 to be trending nicely and then i look for price to consolidate and for the 5 stoch to cross back in the direction of the 20 and 50. its a bonus when it pulls into oversold or overbought and usually makes for an easier entry.

MA method is simple and price field is low/high. default settings

--- 帖子 #30 ---
I use the FXDD metatrader platform and I can't seem to have all three stochastics in one window, anyone care to help?

--- 帖子 #31 ---
1580:

Plot the first stoch as usual.  Then click once and drag the next stoch INTO the first stoch window frame, not the chart area. Do this again for the third stoch. I use FXDD also so it'll work..

--- 帖子 #32 ---
i clicked on the navigator window ( i use MT4 like rosso) so it's fine now, thanks!!!

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Hey Boxing,

You mentioned earlier that you don't recommend trading the Asian session...is that still true if you are trading the usd/jpy pair?  Also, have you found any timeframes that are better than others?  London Open or Close?  US open?  Have you noticed if news affects your signals at all?  I'll try to keep an eye on these things as well...just wondering what your input might be?

--- 帖子 #34 ---
hey 211

the only reason why i dont like trading the asian session is because i mostly stick to 5 and 15 min charts and during the asian session the action is small so its hard to catch decent trades even when the best setup happens. now for jpy pairs i guess action is decent during the asian session so it wouldnt be a bad idea to trade some jpy pairs. i personally am not a big fan of usdjpy but from what ur saying it might provide some action so im gonna keep checking on usdjpy during the asian session and other jpy pairs. but when trading 1h+ then trading sessions dont really matter. just dont trade friday afternoon or sunday night.

(i just said asian session like 10 times)

for time frames, it depends on ur style. i can watch my trades during the day so i can trade 5 and 15 min charts. but now ill be switching to 1h+ because of university and watching charts isnt gonna be my priority and with limited time to do that. it really depends on ur style and if u like small stops small targets or big targets big stops or if u have a day job and cant trade during the day u should go for 1h+ charts.

they all work equally good. each with its own targets and stops. it wouldnt hurt to watch the 5 15 and 1h and occasionally look at 4h and daily. do that on 2 pairs. that way u see which one ur comfortable with and such. silly but i like the number 15 so alot of times im trading the 15 min chart.

i think what u meant by time frames is which session. hmm i trade from around 10am to around 1700 or 1800 my time which is 8am to 1500-1600 gmt. sometimes a bit eariler and i stay a bit later. basically europe open all the way till about close which overlaps with the us session.

as for news they can offer some good trades but can be tricky so even when the best setup happens especially because it was news driven i try to avoid it. but i noticed they can bring some pips once news is done and over with and the set up is really good and about to happen.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
I am enclosing a chart of a particularly good set of 3 examples of what I am talking about.  It is the 1H Swissie chart.  The first 2 bundles are in overbought territory, the third is not.  Look carefully for the second bundle because the arrow is in the printing at the top of the chart.

I would have taken the first 2 trades in overbought territory and not the third which was midrange.  You will also see that the first 2 would have succeeded and the third not.

I do not know if you have ever noticed any of my posts, but I am a fan of looking at multiple timeframes using the same indicator(s) in my trading system.  I apply the same rule to others.

I have found that different timeframes work best for different pairs.  I usually use 3 timeframes, but only 2 for some pairs.  I advise everyone to experiment with this.   You will find that it keeps you out of an amazing number of bad trades.  Do not worry about the good trades it also keeps you out of because the bad trades you do not take more than make up for this.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
ur time is limited and can only watch long term charts? well i gotta solution for you.

1: 20 and 50 are trending down nicely. big spread between the 20 and its signal line same with the 50. 100 is also trending down. the 5 pulls back pretty far almost into overbought area. enter at the cross of the 5 stochs when the new candle opens.stop above the previous days high its the bar with the x above it and target usually more than the stop. in this case sell at 1.2486 stop at 2552 target at 2386. the stop is 66 i would target a bit more than the stop and go for 100.

2: same story. stop is around 100 pips so target 150-200 MINIMUM. which u can obviously see it made 400-500 pips. in a case like that i would get out 40-50% of my position at 100 pips profit move my stop to breakeven and aim for another 100 pips. if thats easily reached then ill close a bit more of my position and move my stop to 100 pips then aim for another 50 or 100. that way u can get the most bang for ur $$$$.

3: why take this one? the 5 barely  pulled back. but a continuation from 2 this would be a great confirmation that price is falling even more so that u know u can catch some more profit

4: tricky because 100 is oversold and flat. all indications show for a good trade but since the 100 is flat and oversold and were lookin to buy then it would have made me careful. i would have probably taken the trade with a smaller stop than the previous low and a target of about the same.

5: perfect trade. once the big bar closes enter when the next bar opens with a stop at the big bar's low. target around 1.5 to 2 times the stop or do like i described in trade #2

6: very nice trade in the making. 20 overbought and above its signal line. 50 and 100 trending up nicely. the 5 already half way. i would wait for a cross of the 5 up and enter. keep ur eyes open for this one as long as the cross of the 5 happens and everything else agrees then were in business baby!!!.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
This goes with the last post.

Here is the 15M chart for the same time period.  You will notice that the first 2 (good) trades still look good but the third is a trade that I think none of you would have taken.  It would just plainly have been a bad trade, but that was not obvious on the 1H chart.  If you check the 30M chart that third trade did not look good there either.

Check this approach out with whatever system you use, I think that you will find it invaluable.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Boxing,

Thanks for the info.  I'm in a similiar situation as you.  I can't always look at my charts due to my job.  But some days I will be able to view the 5min&15min charts.  I'll also need to try trading with the 1hr.  Will have to demo it for a bit and see how things work out.  I was just looking back a few days on the MT4 charts for the GBP/USD, EUR/USD and USD/JPY pairs on the 5&15min charts....it looks like if you saw a good trade setup and took it, you'd only need a 15-20pip stop loss and set up a 10pip trailing stop, you'd do pretty well.  Very minimal loss if you didn't get a profit.  Haven't checked the 1hr charts though.  Should find out more this week.  Have fun!

--- 帖子 #39 ---
thanks moonchild i was wrong in assuming this would work better in neutral territory. i see exactly what u are saying now. very nice setup indeed. its great at catching reversals like u said. thanks again

--- 帖子 #40 ---
First of all,

"bringin sexy back"

I never thought Justin Timberlake lyrics and Forex terms would be used in one place, but here I am seeing it in action

Secondly,

Thanks for sharing your system.

Kevin

--- 帖子 #41 ---
looool glad it made u laugh. gotta spice it up a bit. talking trading without anything else can be boring sometimes. maybe next ill post some sex stories. na just kidding

and ur welcome

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Hey Moonchild and the other,

there is an indicator which gives you the ability to plot indicators on any timeframe: http://www.forex-tsd.com/indicators-...ndicators.html

Just download #MTF_Set_2.zip on this site.

See the pic below. I hope this helps

KptMisiu

--- 帖子 #43 ---
thats awesome thanks alot man.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
this is a trade in the making. 4h gbjpy. 50 and 100 very overbought means trend is up. 20 above the 80 line. price has been trending up and now consolidating. theres also reverse divergence. wait for a cross of the 5 as long as the 20 50 and 100 are all above 80. lets see if it works out.

tomorrow i might not get a chance to check in till way later but for whoever trying this method and have some time please feel free to post about the trades u took or setups or if u have any remarks or questions.

good luck to everyone

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Be careful with the gbpjpy, especially selling, the swap will hurt if you have a sell open for very long and the gbpjpy has been in the overbought range for about 6 years. It keeps climbing though. Just be careful of sells on it.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
I know that Sundays are always somewhat slow, except usually with respect to the asian pairs.

Looking at my charts today, I get a different feel from most Sundays, partly because I am seeing that the action today started on Friday and is just a continuation.  I get the feeling that the market is holding its breath waiting for something to happen, although  looking at the calendar, I cannot imagine what.

In my mind's eye, I see traders warily looking at each other waiting for the first one to make a move so that all the others can jump.

Call an emotional response, or a gut feeling, and it is not affecting my trading of my very mechanical system (and you wondered why I created a totally mechanical system), but something feels off to me.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
dude if u read anything about my system u would know im lookin for a buy opportunity not sell

--- 帖子 #48 ---
i was just about to say thesame thing. we are looking to buy not sell. I really like this method, thanks to boxingislife and all your contributions. cant wait for more charts and also see how they develop.

thanks again.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
this is a 4h eurgbp. price has been falling pretty sharply and even though the 20 is rising but u see the price staying the same. the 50 and the 100 are pinned at the bottom and the 5 stochastics has been rising more and more every pull back. means reverse divergence. its in overbought. im looking to sell as long as price didnt go much higher. or ill wait for the 5 to cross back down. or i guess u could always place a sell order around the lows. but this trade could be a nice one with a tight stop and a big target. aim for at least twice the stop even 3 times or exit 20-30% of your position every x pips.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
ncie buy on 1h chart today on the usdcad pair. i dont  like that pair plus the market seemed choppy on the majors so i didnt think it was a good day to trade. but there was another trade on gbpusd that i would have taken with nice results.

this trade:

20 and 50 trending up same with the 100. enter at the cross of the 5 stochastics. good trade

--- 帖子 #51 ---
actually about the last post i meant to say a trade on usdchf not gbpusd. sory about that

this is a 15 min usdchf trade. really good setup

check it out

the drop that happened afterward u could have caught on the 5 min chart. check it out for yourself.

also anyone that took the 4h gbpjpy signal i posted a couple posts ago woulda been up around 50-60 pips +

watch the daily usdchf for the 5 to cross up and enter when the daily bar closes or wait till price starts going up

--- 帖子 #52 ---
My first post.

Hi, everyone. usualy sorry for some writing mistakes, Im not from GB or USA.

Thanks a lot to share system here and many others system in the forum.

My tribute for Boxingfile system " sexy back"

I prepared and save the template.

For those wo know how to do this is unneccessary but for others will save time.

Just copy in the template folder ( after you have uncompressed )

Hope can be usefull for someone as many thinghs have beeen for me here in FF.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
this is a 1h nzdusd chart. trade i took last night. not the best best setup but the attractive thing was the consolidation and after price went up it only went down a bit and consolidated which is a corrective move. so that tells me that more upside is coming.

also an update on the eurgbp short would be around breakeven right now and i would get out or tighten my stop i think it has potential to go down more but its too slow for my liking.

the 4h gbpjpy that i entered on the 21st the trade would be around 239.40s-50s depending on where u got in. price right now is 240.79. nice trade

i also entered a usdchf long according to daily. even though the 5 crossed up and now is flat, a conservative entry would be to place an order at the top of the range for a break above. regardless its on the daily and got a big stop. if the stop is hit then its a loss and they happen.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
usdchf 15 min. a nice short trade forming. watch out for it

--- 帖子 #55 ---
easy 25 pips. stop was 13. i didnt even wait for the cross i entered because price has been consolidating and 20 and 50 are trending down. even 100 is trending down but i dont look at it much in time frames under 1h.

check it out

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Hello boxingislife. It's nice to learn your method and see you profit with it.

Anyway, today I'm watching the GBP/USD M15 chart and see that the stoch 50 is above 20 (which should be trend down, based on your theory), but I'm seeing the chart is trending up. Could you please elaborate this?

Thanks..

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Hi Boxingislife

Thanks for sharing your system.  I think it's great and I'm

trying to learn it.

Just some quick questions.

Which pairs are you mainly trading and with which

corresponding time frames?

How long have you actively trading your system?

Next, any particular reason why you traded the

EURGBP and also GBPJPY on the longer 1H and 4H TF?

Actually, I prefer to trade on Daily and/or 4H, any advice?

Thanks and good trading to you!

fj

--- 帖子 #58 ---
well the main thing is for the 20 or 50 to cross the signal line in a specific direction. it doesnt matter if 50 is above 20 and trend is up. the main thing is for both of them to have crossed their signal line up or down thats the main way to confirm the trend.

post a picture of what u saw and ill explain some more

--- 帖子 #59 ---
i mainly focus on gbpusd usdchf gbpjpy and eurjpy. occasionally others but i try to stick to 2-3 pairs no more otherwise ill go insane. timeframes when i have time i watch the 5 and 15 mostly and check longer time frames for other opportunities. now im finishing university so im sticking to 1h+ unless i have some time during the day.

ive been trading this for several month. but the main system was made for futures and is really profitable and it works just as good with forex using only the best setups and sticking to the rules.

no reason for trading those 2. i actually glance around and saw the opportunity and took it. big profit on the gbpjpy around 150+.

*the daily u might wanna watch usdchf trend is up and price is retracing. the 5 crossed yesterday and i took a trade thats down quiet a decent amount. but with daily u gotta understand the risk is big but the reward is huge and its a bit trickier in certain ways. if u notice on usdchf trend is up strongly with 20 above the 80 line so as soon as the 5 gets into oversold or if it crosses then it should be a nice ride up as long as the 20 50 and 100 are still trending up nicely.

*4h chart is also good and can have more opportunities than the daily

for the 4h watch usdjpy. it could give a nice buy when the 5 crosses up or if price consolidates. im planning on buying but if u need more confirmation wait for the 5 to cross up then enter.

*also the gbpchf is trending up nicely and the 5 is in oversold so im planning on entering this trade.

*just be sure to check em out for urself and if ur trading live trade really small amounts or wait for extra confirmation. if ur demo then feel free.

* if ur trading daily make sure ur stops are fairly big like i said daily = big stops but also big profit. so place ur stop according to the pairs daily range or under previous lows or above previous highs. where its safe but not gonna cost u ur account

hope that helps

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Would you take a look at the chart I attached, I noticed the 50 above the 20 and both passed their signal line, would I have sold at 1.9864, once I noticed the 5 going down? Thanks

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Hi boxingislife, I've posted today's GBP/USB chart (TF = M15). Waiting for your further explanation. Thank you...

--- 帖子 #62 ---
hello moonchild, I checked my USDCHF chart (M15), but learned that we both have 20,10,20 ; 50,10,20 and 5,3,3 stoch, but resulted different guidance in the indicator window. I wonder what makes it different?

I'm using MA Method: Simple and Price Field: Low/High. How about you?

boxingislife, would you pls check the same chart for me? Thanks...

--- 帖子 #63 ---
forexdanofsa

fairly good setup. the only thing that would make me cautious is the fact that 20 50 and 100 are all above 80 means more possible upward movements. but they were trending down nicely and in a case like that to be on the safe side wait for the 5 to cross and the bar to close so ur entry would be really good. and you could have still caught a pretty big move

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Here are three nice trades on the GBP/USD pair today. Could have gotten you over 100pips.

When I use this method on the 15minute charts, I like to wait for the close of the candle. And most importantly, I like the candle to be a reversal type. Example: hammer, doji, spinning top, etc...

Trade 1: Buy, 20 and 50 were trending up, 5 retraced halfway and a Doji formed. Here's a situation when the 20 was below the 50, but since they were trending up it was still a good trade.

Trade 2: Sell, 20 and 50 were below their signal lines and trending down, 5 retraced halfway, consolidation formed, 2 Hammers formed. Perfect trade setup.

Trade 3: Sell, 20 and 50 were still below their signal lines and trending down at a nice angle, 5 retraced a little, consolidation formed, Hammer/Doji formed. ( you could have waited until the second time the 5 retraced and a bigger hammer formed around 1800GMT)  ***This trade is near the US session ending, activity is slowing down and you'd probably only want to get 10 or 15pips***

--- 帖子 #65 ---
like i said the main thing for a trend is the 20 to cross its signal line and the 50 to cross its signal line in the same direction.

i dont emphasize if 20 should be above 50 in uptrend or vice versa my main thing is the cross with their signal line but its a plus if its an uptrend and the 20 is above the 50. just dont base ur trades off of that.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
In regards to my chart do you mean to wait for the 5 to cross above the 80 and if all shows sell then to sell? Thanks

--- 帖子 #67 ---
very nice  explanation 211

i also like to look for reversal bars and even trendline breaks but i thought id get into that later on and let people understand the basics first and the main stuff u need to enter a successful and profitable trade.

did u take those on a live account or demo or u just watched them during teh day?

for anyone trying this system i suggest sticking to 2-3 pairs with 5 and 15 min chart each. u dont need to look at more or else ull go nuts. i mainly watch gbpusd and usdchf on 5 and 15 but i glance at other pairs and timeframes and take trades. but i strongly suggest to stick to 5 and 15 min on 2-3 pairs

211 u can also catch the move down on the 5 min. the first one the 20 and 50 are above the 80 line so we wait for teh 5 to cross down and enter and the next one is a continuation

--- 帖子 #68 ---
no i meant for the 5 to cross its signal line in the direction of the 20 and 50.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Could you take a look at the chart and tell me if I have this correct, I noticed that the 20 and 50 have crossed along with their trend lines and they are above 80 would this be a good selling opportunity? Thanks

--- 帖子 #70 ---
it could be but not necessarily. i dont look for those setups and the 20 and 50 cross each other alot but price sometimes never goes anywhere. just use em for trend direction because theyr cross can be tricky and not very successful.  also when they are above 80 means trend is up strongly so be careful trading against.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Thank You,

Could you tell me what other sign would have made this a good trade, other than it is at 80?

--- 帖子 #72 ---
ok i see what ur saying. ur talking about the 20 and 50 crossing their signal lines down and trending down from above the 80 line and the 5 crossing down.that would be a good signal but i wouldnt take it because its pretty late in the day and markets start slowing down by then. it might end up being a good trade but like i always say look for the best setups. no need to risk profits you could have made earllier in the day from really good trades.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
It is great to see you posting. I will be checking out this system later this week, probably on Friday. I have never used stochastics, should be fun .

--- 帖子 #74 ---
I did all three actually. I did some demo and live trading of the move up to 1.9780 up to 1.9850. Then I had to go to work, so I took the profit I had. After work, I did a little more demo and live trading from the move at 1.9845 down to 1.9815. So it was a really good day.

I feel very fortunate to have come across your system. I'm really enjoying it! Hope everyone else is doing well with it too!

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Wow Boxing!

Thanks for all your advise.  Cheers

fj

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Thanks alot, Really appreciate your help and your syatem.

Dave

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Great post twoeleven!!

For your trades, did you wait for the 5 to actually cross and for the

candle to finish forming, before entering each trade?

Or, did you just take the trade after the hammer/doji was formed?

Thanks in advance!

fj

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Hi Boxing

For your trades, to you wait for the 5 to cross and candle/bar to

finish forming Before you enter??

Also, I noticed you added one more Sto (100) in yellow, is that

important for your trading decision, so just further reinforcement!

I actually love Sto but didn't think of using multiple Sto for

trade decisions.  This reminds me of a mutiple MA system.

So, thanks for your system!!

--- 帖子 #79 ---
I don't always wait for the 5 to actually cross.  Take Trade 1 from my previous post(the buy trade).  The 5 never crossed the 20 or 50...but the 5 did pull back the the neutral area before going up.  So I used that, along with the doji, and the fact that the 20 and 50 were trending up after having crossed their signal lines.  Plus price was consolidating after having aready making a move up a little earlier in the evening.  So I had 6 reasons all together of why I should go Long.

The same with Trade number 2, the 5 never came back up to cross the 20 or 50, but it did come back to the neutral area.

Now Trade number 3 did have a 5 cross...but that's because the 20 and 50 lines were coming down to the neutral area.

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Here's another 10 easy pips of the GBP/USD 5min. Hope someone got them!

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Thanks 211! I understand some of your thoughts now.

When I asked about 5 crossing, I didn't mean cross the 20 or 50, I

meant after the 5 pulls back, then crosses its own signal line.

In your case, after the green line pulls back, and crosses its own

green signal line. Hope you can see what I'm refering to.

So, do you wait for the green line to cross its own green signal

line and for candle to finish forming, before entering a trade?

Anyways, correct me if I'm wrong, but what you are essentially

advising is that we need multiple reasons to enter a trade, right?

You also mention about 5 pulling back to neutral zone, do you

mean the "50" level??

How about your exits?? What's your decision process??

Candlestick patterns like doji, etc??

Thanks

fj

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Hi FJFX,

Regarding the 5 crossing it's own signal line, I don't wait for a cross.  I just wait for the 5 to pull back into the neutral area or better yet(if it happens) the oversold/overbought area.

Personally, I myself need a few good reasons to enter a trade...not just one.  Not sure I can explain my thought process because it's different each time depending on the trade setup and time of day.  As with my exit strategies.  During the Asian session or towards the end of the US session...I'm only looking for 10-15pip gains because there isn't much action.  During the London Open through London Close you get much more action so I try to get anywhere from 25-50pips.  It all depends on what I see setting up on the charts...and the candle formations.  If I see hammers, doji's, railroad track, etc.  Then I go ahead and take my profits then usually because a reversal could be coming up.   I think the main thing is to enter GOOD trades and MINIMIZE your losses!  Get that under control and the rest will fall into place.

Goodluck!

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Thanks for the great explaination Tw0eleven and also thanks to boxing for this great stoch strategy which really suites my trading style. The entry using this strategy was triggered nicely just wondering how to spot an exit target. Anybody could share the exit strategy for this system?

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Thanks buddy for the quick reply.  Learning a lot from ya!

--- 帖子 #85 ---
hey fjfx

i wait for the 5 to cross and the candle to close when its not the perfect setup. for example if 20 and 50 are above 80 means its an uptrend but if they crossed their signals down means its starting to trend down so in that case to be more on the safe side i wait for the bar to close and the 5 to cross.

otherwise if everything is pointing for a good trade then i enter once price has consolidated or when i see a reversal bar

the 100 stochastics is mainly for timeframes of 1h or longer. its just extra confirmation

hope that helps

--- 帖子 #86 ---
good to see u doin good in ur trading. i saw the opportunity but it was late. feel free you and the others to post todays trades that happened or anything else since ill be away for some time today and will be busier and busier from now on.(university starts back very soon)

1 thing i wanna say to everyone.

for exits look for a few things.

time of day

pair's daily range

how good of a setup it is

consolidation

for 5 to get to an extreme number

and please read post 82 by 2eleven

he explains targets/exits in a very good way

enjoy everyone and dont miss me too much lol

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Looks as though GBP/CHF is going to be heading up for a bit.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
yea we might have a nice setup in a couple hours

as for teh stochastic bundling i was checking out some stuff and noticed they are alot better when theres no trend and its just a range. but when theres a trend the stochastic bundling could happen and price will continue up. thats a slingshot when the 20 and 50 are over 80 or under 20 and the 5 pulls back and then follows the 20 and 50. maybe uve looked into it more but a quick glance and ive noticed its better to trade this when the pair has been ranging which is the case of usdchf the example u posted 3 pages ago. nonetheless its a perfect way to catch reversals and very efficient but id rather take a trade with the trend and since theres a trend in even as small as a 1 or 5 min chart then i look for those. to me they are high percentage

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Nice thread

How do you determine is it trending, just on Stoch 50 and 20 analysis?

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Hi, Been looking at your style and trying to learn it for the past day. All of it! Started to see crossed-eye trying to see it and figure it out. Seems like what your doing, "to me that is", that your waiting for a minor trend catching the retrace or "Ross Hook" and following trend until the 5 stoch has been exhausted? Your just using the different stoch. to help you determine if ther's going to be a reversal on your currrent trend. It looks good. But, the only thing i saw is for example the 5 min. gbpusd just now on its last little down slope. The 50 was good, below signal, but the 20 merged with its signal. Do you let that stop you from taking that trade? It did move a good 50 pips.

Thank you for your time.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
ahil:

yes thats all i use to determine trend and the 100 for longer time frames like 1h or longer

broc0501:

even though it was a good move i wouldnt have taken it. my main thing is to look for the best setups. i ignore setups that are not really good. theres a really good setup at least once a day just by lookin at 2-3 pairs or glancing around other pairs. so yea it would have stopped me from taking the trade. sorry about the bit of mess with the info its a bit scattered now. ill try to get things more organized to the first post. otherwise check the examples i posted and if ur still confused post some charts of setups and ill tell u if ur lookin for the right ones and what ur missing and stuff.

this is a trade from today and another one could be forming in the next few hours

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Hi Boxing

Once again, thanks for your system and frequent chart posts

of daily trades.

Just a curious question about the parameters settings for

your Stoch like 20,10,20 and 50,10,20 and 100....

Was your settings for k,d and slowing from experience thru tweaking??

Or is there any mathematical reasoning for using those numbers??

How about using fib numbers??  Ever tried??  E.g. 21,8,21??

I'm not challenging, just wondering??

Also, do you use the same settings for all the pairs you trade,

or are adjustments required for different pairs.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #93 ---
hey fjfx u can try fib numbers. i tried a few different variations but in the end wanted a short term and a medium term

and the 100 is a long term.

but i suggest u try out fib numbers and try different things. some settings might suit u better although my settings are very good so its up to u

yes same settings for all pairs. i try to make everything as simple and easy as possible when starring at a chart coz if i dont i might just go insane and bang my head against the wall.

hope that helps

--- 帖子 #94 ---
when u saw the divergence in the first picture, price went up another 150-200 pips. u can see that all the way till the drop happened. be careful its true stoch divergence is pretty good but u just skipped like 5-6 days of data. the trade i took was successful and i got out and then a while later price dropped. but the divergence u posted has nothing to do with the drop because the drop happened on the 24th while the divergence happened on the 18 and thats when i took the successful trade and got out on the 23rd

lol i dont know if ur confused or ur doing this on purpose to make it sound like it doesnt work or anything but please check what u post first then post it

thank you

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hi and thanks for sharing this.

During the last few days of watching your chart I have notice that when 5 crossed 20 and 50, it is a strong indication of price moving, even before the 20 and 50 have crossed their signal lines.

Have you found this to be true, or am I just seeing what I want to see?

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Boxing, thanks heaps for the explanation.

As I mention before, I'm not challenging nor doubting,

just trying to better understand the whole mechanics of your system.

..... I like your system !!   fj

--- 帖子 #97 ---
SORRY!! MY BAD.

I shouldn't be posting at 3am in the morning. I completely missed the time and date. My apologies. I did not do this purposely. I have no intention to make your system sound like it doesn't work. On the contrary it worked very well this morning on the Cable. And since I like using Stochs, I quite like this system.

Like I said "... you can whip me if I misbehave ... " - JT

Thanx

--- 帖子 #98 ---
lol no problem trust me i know about the 3 am posting only to wake up and say wtf?

its no big deal and please if u have any questions feel free to post im here to answer and help people trying my method out

--- 帖子 #99 ---
like i said theres at least one really good trade a day. if u can make 30-50 pips with one trade and call it a day why not? if u can make more thats even better

gbpusd 1h chart

while im sure theres other trades on different pairs and timeframes that one was enough to make ur day.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
im not the biggest fan of taking a trade when the 20 and 50 are very close together but a few things convinced me into taking this one

-1h chart so i was expecting some action.

-also asian session was about to open which means action

-the setup was really good with 5 pulling back all the way into overbought or at least above the 80 line which is what triggered my entry

-price has been trending down on the 1h. lower highs and lower lows

even if i was doubting for a second id wait for the 5 to cross down and the bar to close and price starts drifting down then u can enter.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Boxingislife...

I am thoroughly enjoying this thread of yours...thanks!

This pair looks like a good setup, based on what I understand.  Your comments would be appreciated.  Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
i wouldnt count on it

--- 帖子 #103 ---
yes the 20 and 50 are trending down nicely and the 100 and price has consolidated. but it might have a bit more upside so if i wanna be safe wait for a break of the consolidation or for the 5 to cross down and the bar to close. if ur a bit more aggressive enter now.

glad ur enjoying it

good luck

--- 帖子 #104 ---
I will stick to the original rules. Less heartbeat.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
trust me, thats the way u wanna do it . less stress the better

--- 帖子 #106 ---
gbpjpy

the 4h consolidated and i entered the trade because its a nice setup.

now this is the 15 min chart showing a very nice setup.

20 and 50 trending down nicely. the 5 almost into overbought and price consolidated and we have a reversal bar. and its in the direction of the 4h. so should work out nicely.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
You have a nice looking set up there, but personally I will wait for the 5 to turn south if I decide to take the trade.  I usually use the 5 turning in the direction of the trade as my trigger, I get less drawdown that way.   I just may not take the trade myself because it is getting near my usual nap time (asian session).

--- 帖子 #108 ---
yea i usually wait too but when i see consolidation and a nice pull back in the 5 then i enter even though it can go against u before it continues with the trend.

im with u on the nap time but since the main trade i took off of the 4h then i leave it and will see what happened in the morning.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
do you stay in it even though the 15min 5 stoch is almost to the 20 level and the price seems to be consolidated or moving up?

--- 帖子 #110 ---
well i took the trade off of the 4h chart so i expected it to go against me a bit but as soon as price consolidates and doesnt break any higher then ill add to it as long as 20 and 50 are still trending down nicely otherwise ill get out with the loss. the 5 is in overbought and i expect price to consolidate and continue down if this short term down trend holds. if it keeps going up then teh uptrend  comes back in place and its back to buying pull backs on this pair.

just a note for everyone, sometimes im agressive in my entries but for everyone i recommend u wait for the 5 to cross and the bar to close to enter a trade. i dont suggest u enter on the first signs of reversal because it can cost u but i tend to do that sometimes and its just the way i like to do things every now and then

--- 帖子 #111 ---
What I said is quite correct: I do not enter a trade until the 5 has crossed and headed in the direction of the trade.

What I should have added, was that I trade GBP/JPY frequently and have again and again seen this pair bounce up to 120 pips.  That makes it more important to wait with this pair than most others.  Generally, the more volatile the pair the more important it is to wait for the 5.  I do not like to have to put stops larger than 80 to 100 pips, and I rarely like stops that large except in position trades.

One of the risks here is that there was news coming out which could affect this pair.  Generally the news which came out an hour and a half ago  was yen negative, which would have the effect of raising the price of the pair or at least supporting it.  In addition there is AM US news (durable goods and new homes) which can affect cable and if it does, cable could drag this pair along with it.  Moves from news tend to be short duration and rarely make lasting changes in the direction of a pair, but on the short term can have a large effect.

These are the reasons why I have held off on the entry and will continue waiting until and unless a clear change in the slope of the 5 occurs.  This will limit the drawdown to that which would be caused by news alone, rather than be additive of the effect of the bounce plus potentially the effect of news.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
The 3 Stochs have crossed below their signal and seperation looks good. 5 has crossed it's signal and the candle has close. I'm Short, in the negative but still in.

BTW, how do you all get your attached images sized properly and looking so sharp?

--- 帖子 #113 ---
... drop it like it's hot ...

OK, it's 1am I better go to bed b4 I posted something and later regret it.

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Permit me to make a suggestion.  It is getting very confusing on this thread to look at charts from different people all using different colours for the different stochastics.

It would be easiest if our thread started assigned colours to the various stochastics to be used in the charts posted on this thread.  That uniformity would make it easier and faster to understand and evaluate the charts.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #115 ---
moonchild

thanks for the info

and u can see my colors on my charts feel free to use em if not make a suggestion and ill follow through if its visually nice and relaxing to look at

epiphany

for the 15 min gbpusd the time would have stopped me from trading it was late and almost asian session. nonetheless there could be movements at all times but i dont wanna stress myself out. now if u have to trade late look at 1h and 4h and higher. i entered 3 trades last night all ended up in profit according to the 4h and still letting them run with stops at breakeven and +10 pips. i suggest trading 15 min charts during european and US session especially for the majors.

if anyone can find something with daily ranges for each pair and most active time of day and stuff like that it could help us all

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Could this be a possible setup on the GBP/JPY 4h?

--- 帖子 #117 ---
yep should be a good trade. i was already in it and i was short eurjpy and gbpusd. closed eurjpy for around 60 pips closed part of gbpusd for around 60 pips and part of gbpjpy for about 100. all taken on the 4h chart. by tonight if my targets arent hit ill close the rest for whatever the market gives me.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Hi boxing, can you share your short entry??

What price and what was the reason for entering?  Did you just

use 4H charts, or did you use smaller TF?

For GBPJPY 4H, I only entered short at 238.32 ?

Appreciate if you could walk me/us thru your thought process

at that moment.

Thanks

fj

--- 帖子 #119 ---
i entered in the upper 238's because my first entry was low and the setup was still there so i decided to add at a higher price. this is aggressive and u dont need to do that. ur entry is great and if all goes well u should get at least 60-70 pips outa this one. but what i do sometimes is aggressive and u shouldnt add to a losing position. read a few posts back where moonchild talks about entering when the 5 crosses and heads in the direction of the trade. as u gain experience and learn the system better ull be able to handle adding to a losing position but after u gain experience and u learn these kind of moves and setups. the reason i cant tell u to add to a losing position is even though the setup could still be there u need more confirmation and this type of confirmation to me at least came with watching hours and hours of charts. so eventually ull do teh same as i did and catch a bigger profit

hope that helps. trust me man ur entry is great u dont need to catch every single move in the market. and dont worry give it time  its a 4h chart trade if it doesnt hit ur target by the end of the day close it for whatever profit u get. monday will be a new day and a new week  with plenty of really good trades to take.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
I know what you mean. I thought I had the similar colours but is there a template you'd like to share?

btw, I noticed you said colours and not colors (like me : )

--- 帖子 #121 ---
my setup is like this:

the 5 is lime green and the thickness is 2 for both lines

20 is royal blue thickness is 4

signal line is same dotted thickness is 1

50 is orange red same thickness and everything as 20

100 is yellow same as 20 and 50 with thickness and style.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Thanx for the feedback Boxing, I'll definately keep that in mind when I'm feelin' trigger happy

The attached document is from a book by Kathy Lien.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Laoma uploaded his sexy back 1h template, I haven't used it, does it use the same settings listed above?? Sorry can't try it out myself @ my j.o.b.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Hope everyone did well this week.  There were some good setups out there!

--- 帖子 #125 ---
What am I doing wrong? When I use the MTF Stoch it produces a 20 and 80 level for each pair of lines (top). How do I get it to look like the "regular" Stoch (bottom)

--- 帖子 #126 ---
< What am I doing wrong? When I use the MTF Stoch it produces a 20 and 80 level for each pair of lines (top). How do I get it to look like the "regular" Stoch (bottom) >

Looks like you need to adjust the Minimum and Maximum value of the indicator(s) . Open the properties window of the indicator and select the Common tab , check and adjust the Fixed minimum and Fixed maximum amounts .

t_david

--- 帖子 #127 ---
this strategy looks like a good'un . i have 2 years experience in trading fx and havent really made substantial progress . and the only thing i have learned is to become petrified of trends . yes , petrified ! having been whipsawed so many times when entering a trend , basically not knowing where the pullbacks are likely to be and therefore going in and hoping i wouldnt get stopped out . even staying up all night to feel the pulse of the asian session so that i can enter the trend but no one can trade 24 hours a day . then inevitably breaking the rules and giving back what little you gained  . the usage here of 3 different stochs seems to have real potency . i am going to give this a go.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
same here at first  when using ema 5/13 cross, i'd nether now when it was a good trend or only a whipsaw but look what i did from the 24/25 this week using Boxingislife strategy (too bad it was only a demo  )   http://melpheos1er.free.fr/forex/killertrade.jpg  I dont know if you can see the entry point but that rounded 5400$ in two days and this was with 3 lots on a 10k account (i would have stop on 2 lots on a live account)  not bad for a two days trade...  Also you can see i have added ADX which provide early entry point.  My exit strategy is most of the time the 20 hitting 20 or 80% and cross of EMA5/8 against my trade  Thanks a lot boxingislife for this strategy, i think after testing it some time on test account to properly use it, i will try it on live.  I still have to find a better exit strategy (it was ok on that trade but backtesting shows a lot of difference yet it seems to be a good exit strategy on many trades )  I could also use the stoch 5 crossing, seems to be nice exit point as well...

--- 帖子 #129 ---
I trade primarily stochastics and another system of my own which uses a modified MACD and BBs.  In both I use the 5,3,3 cross as my actual trigger for entries and exits.  My signal for entries and exits is different, this is just the trigger which fine tunes the time of entries and exits.

By the way, Epipany, where or what is the Great White North?  As for me, I certainly live too far north, and all I have been seeing out of the window for the past few months is white.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Let me start by saying that I rarely leave trades open over the weekend because of the risk of gaps.  However, with the G7 meeting occurring and with the fact that they have been basically threatening to get the yen to appreciate, I left my poundyen short open.

Just checked a real time data feed and it is showing the pair at 236.72 which is one huge gap from the close at 238.16.  This is making my account very, very happy.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
mcdonnellc:

glad u like the method. if u have any questions just feel free to ask

melpheos:

good to see u kickin ass with my method. keep it up.

moonchild:

im glad my system has helped u out some. good luck

ill be around guys. i was wrong about college it doesnt start till next month sometime so ill be on here pretty often for at least a week or 2.

has anyone seen the news about beirut this past week? its a hell hole and since im here right now(its my hometown) i dont deal well with violence and riots. especially when my personal safety is at stake.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Boxing, haven't heard the news about Beirut yet...but hope you stay safe!

Had a question for you too Boxing...do you prefer using the 1hr or 4hr charts for longer trades?  Like when you can't be at your computer a lot to watch for set ups...have you noticed if the 1hr or 4hr produces better results?

--- 帖子 #133 ---
hey 211

well it really depends on how long ur gonna be away for example:

if ur gonna be away for a few hours and u got a setup on the 1h and its really good then take it and place a target as big as the stop. so that ru still good on ur risk reward and u have a higher chance of getting ur target hit. dont take an early setup or a late one make sure its the right time coz if its not and ur gonna be away then thats bad news. same with the 4h really. if ur gonna be away for a whole day and got a nice setup on the 4h take it.  as long as its a perfect signal and ur not early or late then take the trade otherwise if u check ur computer and ur leaving for a few hours and theres no setups then turn off metatrader and go do what u have to do. this is sort of like a motto for me now is that only take the best trades theres no reason to take half assed trades or get in late or early on a good setup.

the 4h produces more pips usually coz its longer term than 1h. and soon ill be focusing on 1h and mostly 4h coz of school and being gone for a long time. if ur gone for long periods of time the 4h should work great. dont watch the 1h it might be too fast if ur gone for extended hours at a time.i took 3 or 4 trades last week off the 4h with awesome results.

hope that helps

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Thanks for the info Boxing.  My work schedule is about to change so I'll be gone for 8 to 10hrs at a time.  I'll have to try out the 1hr and 4hr methods to see which one fits in my schedule.  Hopefully I'll get some good setups to post for everyone on here this coming week!

--- 帖子 #135 ---
ur welcome

if ur gonna be gone for that long at a time deff look into 4h charts and daily. dailys are tricky and need patience and a wait for perfect time and big stops but they deff got big pips in em. or maybe u can place orders. say the 4h trend is down and price has consolidated and the 5 is at the 50 or 60 line u can sell and then place a sell order like 30 or 40 pips above in case it bounces up a bit and a stop for both a little higher. this is not somethin i recommend at all and could be pretty dangerous but if the trend is strong and price doesnt go any higher then ur first order will hit its target. look into that. but for something like that which again i say "i dont recommend at all because its not as effective as entering when the 5 cross or on a break of consolidation or basically more proof" nothing smaller than the 4h chart.

have u thought about getting a pocket pc? if ur budget allows in teh usa it was like 40$ for gprs and edge and i think now high speed internet on certain pocket pc phones with windows mobile u can install mt4 and trade on the go. if u have somethin like that available and ur budget allows it could be a nice solution

hope this helps some more

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Boxing, for whatever my opinion is worth, I just wanted to say that I think you've got a very sound system here – although I guess you already know that!    Yours is one of the methods that I'm looking to trial over the next few months. Haven't finalized my timeframe(s) yet.

IMHO entering on the resumption of a strong trend following a decent pullback (and vice versa for a short position) is arguably the safest setup. It means (1) entering a trend at a decent price (improves R/R), and (2) with the added insurance that if the market happens to switch from "trending" to "ranging" mode, then you're still likely to catch something near the bottom of the range (for a long trade).

Every successful TA-based entry method I've ever seen ultimately breaks down to one of two methods: trend-based pullbacks, or breakouts. The rest is semantics regarding timing.

I'm generally not a fan of indicators, but IMHO stochastics and Bollinger bands are the among the very best for measuring overbought/oversold.

A few more things I've noticed, although I'm probably re-stating the obvious…..

As the 20 and 50 rise from oversold, that's generally the first impulse wave (Elliott wave #1) in the new trend. The pullback is the first retracement (akin to E wave #2) and the resumption (where 20 and 50 are rising and 5 crosses above its signal) is the second impulse wave (E wave #3, proceeding from the second shoulder in an inverted H&S), which is frequently the largest move in the trend. Your multi leveled stochastics are confirming this price action.

If the trend is prolonged, then it's still possible to trade pullbacks while 20 and 50 remain in overbought territory, as these are subsequent waves in the uptrend. However, I suspect that the probability of success diminishes a little with each successive pullback. Also, I suspect that risk increases if the entry bar is tall (if you wait for it to complete before entering) and/or takes price into an area of prior resistance.

As well as using some price action patterns to help with entry, you could probably also use horizontals (prior support/resistance, Fibos, pivot levels, etc) for confirmation, and (perhaps) also to scale out for profit. These are some of the variations I hope to test. I also like to see price in relation to Bollinger bands, using the channel width to confirm the R/R potential of a candidate trade.

If trading the H1 or longer, one could also drill down to the shorter timeframes for help with timing of entry.

Anyway, for whatever my opinion is worth, this is a great method. Well done!

And I hope and pray for your continued safety in Beirut.

Best wishes

David

--- 帖子 #137 ---
hanover

thanks first of all

im not familiar with details on elliott wave but i know about the first wave heh

as for teh pull backs when the 20 and 50 are oversold or overbought thats the slingshot system by buffy. its a high percentage trend trade and i think i posted an example or two about them i also look for those but my main setup and perfect trade is the examples i have posted in here. ur right it can carry some more risk liek trending slowing down, divergence reversal bars on higher time frames things like that.

everything u said is great info thank you

using fibos is a great way to enter as well as reverse divergence and reversal bars. the system is great the way it is but later on maybe ill get into some basics that might give u some more confirmations. im not holding back and trust me the 20 and 50 trending down and the 5 crossing down after price consolidated should give u an amazing trade so dont go nuts on me everyone lol.

and thank you for ur prayers. i dont do politics and i stay away but the people that do well some of em end up getting hurt. now when things get personal and my safety is at stake then i do somethin about it.

if anybody got snow near em go snowboarding!!!! i went today and i kicked ass. i even did a halfpipe run without falling at all. but i did get some bruises and a swollen wrist and some messed up ankles.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
so that's what Fixed minimum and Fixed maximum is used for

Now my Stochs are looking sexy

--- 帖子 #139 ---
ePIPhany, thank you for the share, much appreciated

--- 帖子 #140 ---
boxingislife, thanks for sharing your system and taking the time to explain. I just read through the thread...might go through it again though, in case I missed something .

Thanks again,

Sage.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Looking at cable...

I am waiting to see if a candle opens above 1.9610. If it does I could get in for a few pips as it retraces, but right now I feel I should rather look to go short once we have confermation.

Based on the "stocks", we are certainly looking good to go further short?

I would appreciate any comments on this.

Thanks,

Sage

http://img227.imageshack.us/img227/7971/gbp1lh9.jpg

EDIT: I had the incorrect indicator on my chart when checking the pivot levels. Please ignore the above pivot value above it is incorrect!!! sorry about that.

--- 帖子 #142 ---
yep it looks really good. but honestly price has been consolidating all day so im gonna avoid trading today i dont like how price is behaving. since ur post i think it dropped like 20-30 pips and it could drop more but ill feel better not taking the trade. just a personal choice.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
yes there was nothing much to do today but lose money on false trade signal...  just been able to conclude one good buy on £/Yen with 20 pips profit but the rest was losing trade including a -20 pips on £/Yen also...  Should have kept out of market today like you did...  Early wake up (Japan open) could have give a two good trade on on €/£ and €/$ (respectively 30 and 50 pips )

--- 帖子 #144 ---
this is gbpjpy daily. lookin good for a move up. price consolidated. 20 and 50 moving up and overbought same with 100. 5 pulled back and crossed while price is consolidating. if this daily bar closes near the current price or a bit above then it would look really good when it comes to the 5. basically it would be moving up. my stop is about 40 pips coz i entered according to the 1h chart but this trade could bring at least 240.50-241 in the next few days if it works out. the 1h chart looked nice with 20 and 50 trending up the 5 crossed but i didnt enter the first time because of weird price action but then it crossed up again and i entered. if it breaks higher tonight ill add some more and it should be a nice move up.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
arn't the slope of the 20/50 not very sharp ? even if they are in o/b range, shouldn't your theory apply only when the slope is rather sharpy ?  Edit : btw, i must say that i really love your strategy  http://melpheos1er.free.fr/forex/gpbjpy29-01-07.jpg   buy entry @ 238.66 could have been a bit better...

--- 帖子 #146 ---
the slope doesnt matter when they are o/b or o/s. this setup is called a slingshot when the longer term stoch is oversold or overbought and the short term stoch pulls back and then follows the trend. i think i posted an example or two before.

i just saw ur edit

im glad u do with some patience and some practice it can bring some nice pips

--- 帖子 #147 ---
1h eurjpy trade. good for an easy 20-30 pips but deff worth holding for longer. since the 20 and 50 on the 4h are about to change from downtrend to uptrend and the 1h 20 and 50 are trending up and already in overbought.

enjoy

--- 帖子 #148 ---
i saw it this morning but though that the stoch pull back was not sufficient  i guess using this signal like every other signal need experience

--- 帖子 #149 ---
melpheos ur entry is great

i got in 1 pip below u and im glad i didnt enter till late coz all of today has been weird so i waited till later when things calmed down and started trending better.

gbpusd:

4h looked like it has formed a bottom or an end to this downtrend and the 20 and 50 are flat even if they are oversold. if price doesnt break any lower then 20 and 50 should start heading up and when they do then the 1h 20 and 50 should be trending up nicely so watch for opportunities on the 1h gbpusd in the next several hours it could bring a nice trade or 2.

same with gbpjpy on the 4h the 20 crossed its signal up and the 50 is flat so watch for opportunities there too. and the 1h chart the 20 and 50 are trending up nicely. u know the drill.

but basically watch those 2 pairs on the 4h and the 1h charts

--- 帖子 #150 ---
well i explained before that the 5 doesnt need to pull back all the way. if price consolidates and the 5 cross then u could have a really good trade if the setup is good. so keep that in mind

--- 帖子 #151 ---
about the entry point on the £/Yen we are both on, the entry point could have been much better watching the M15 which shows that we enter on high stock while a few minutes later, a low stoch shown 238.35...  of course it's allways easy to say that afterward ^^    And now about the pull back to 238.50 there was sign of it on the M1 after a very long non trend around 238.85/238.87

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Hey everyone, be very careful and patient in your trading this week.  There's some major news coming out on Wed. and Fri.  I'm expecting Tues. to be a slow trading day.  And there's the possibility of some whipsaw action going on Wed. & Fri.   Happy Pips!

--- 帖子 #153 ---
thanks for the hint, i'll have a look on the economical calendar

BTW here a small gift : http://www.ac-markets.com/fr/analysi...o_calendar.asp

very well done calendar

My £/Yen close at 148.90 this night by take profit with ~20 pips

Open position this morning on $/Yen sell 121.74

Edit : hmm weird, my SL @ 122 activated but this level has nether been reached this morning :-/

--- 帖子 #154 ---
my gbpjpy got 125 pips. it was a good setup but because of the whipsaw all day i was really cautious about keeping the trade open so i took a bigger risk and increased my stop to 60 pips. it ended up being a good trade.

how did everyone else do?

the 1h gbpusd the 20 and 50 are trending up nicely so if we get some price consolidation and a cross up in the next few hours it could be a nice trade. watch for that.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
hey boxingislife!

thanks for your gret system, i really like it. i'am reading this thread since beginning! is it possible for you to put some screens from 5-min-setups or 15-min-setups with some explanations about the stops? since yesterday i only had losing trades often because of wrong stops (too near).

thanks a lot :-)

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Sell on EURCHF

http://melpheos1er.free.fr/forex/EURCHF-30-01-07.JPG

My TP is down below @ 16150

Did not paid, retracement failed  in à 16224 out @ 16230 took small loss )

But my eurjpy paid 83 pips

--- 帖子 #157 ---
fxfreak this is a gbpusd 15 min setup forming. 20 50 and 100 are below 20 and the 5 is pulling back. should be a nice trade. enter after price has consolidated for a bit or 5 to cross down. as for stops like i said before its depends on ur risk tolerance the daily average of each pair if its volatile u need bigger stops it also depends on how good the setup is if it didnt pull back much then means the trend is very strongly down so u can use a tighter stop and if u had losing trades because the stop was near then theres alot of reasons for that. u could be trading at bad times like i said trading on a 15 min chart or 5 min u gota look for the most active times. u cant trade a pair like gbpusd on 5 min chart during the asian session. itl most likely not bring any pips at all most of the time.

hope this helps a bit

--- 帖子 #158 ---
melpheos good job on ur eurjpy. and like i said losses can happen and will but u also took a really good trade and made more than what u lost probably

--- 帖子 #159 ---
hi there boxingislife and everyone else . there was a situation last night (approx 8pm gmt )

where on the gbp / usd 120min charts, a long trade was available  50 & 20 pointing up and a  nice deep pullback , however on the 30min charts the exact opposite was available , a short opportunity . i didnt trade , just wondered if anyone else saw it and what they did ?

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Boxingislife,

As a followup on mcdonnellc Q,  What do u do when there is a conflict between 2 time frames? The one hour says go long and 30 min says go short??? or 15 min is the opposit signal to the 5min?

Please help us with your input to this issue.

T.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Those last two questions are tricky ones.  Just my opinion..if I had conflicting buy/sell signals, maybe it's a good idea to just not take any trade.  But if you do trade off the lower timeframe, only expect a small profit.  If you trade off the higher timeframe, expect the trade to go against you at first because that's what the lower timeframe is telling you.  Hope that helps and doesn't confuse you.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
mcdonnellc can u post some shots and ill add some analysis to that and ill try and add some confirmation and which is the trade to take

tzachi

generally the longer time frame is the one with the better results but thats not always the case. 2 things off the top of my head, if the 1h is not up or down and the 15 is down then ur gonna look to short. if theres opposite signals then look for how price is behaving. is price trending up strongly? is there any divergence things like that but an even easier way to avoid all this mess is dont trade that pair  simple as that. and thats what i do sometimes the more confirmation the better but sometimes looking into it too much well to me it makes me wanna not trade anymore. theres plenty of pairs with at least 1 perfect setup everyday that agrees with a higher time frame. no need to take a trade and be nervous the whole time.

check the gbpusd today the 1h and 15 min. they are both trending down and theres already 1 good trade and another one right now

--- 帖子 #163 ---
just exited from usdcad buy @ 1.1796 out @ 1.1831 35pips

at first i put my take profit @ 1.1835 then revised my position to secure the gain and finally it reached 1.1835 just a few minutes after... I should have look the look of the stoch on the H1 (the setup i followed was from M30 ..... i think :? )

--- 帖子 #164 ---
maybe you can use the shorter time frame to perfect your entry point on the longer time frame

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Good suggestion!

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Boxingislife,

So what you said here:"theres plenty of pairs with at least 1 perfect setup everyday that agrees with a higher time frame." is the key.

It is the safe and best way to take a trade with a high probebility of winning. K.I.S.S.

Many thanks,

T.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
T.

thats exactly what i mean.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
I went on Buy on USDCAD, CHFJPY and EURJPY... I think the signal are not really reliable but as it is a test i need to get acustomed to see what are good signal, more or less good signal, crappy signal ^^

--- 帖子 #169 ---
What timeframes are you looking at?  Could you post charts possibly?  I do not really see what you do, obviously.  I am long EJ, but that is from quite a while ago, and I do not see that I would do that now.

I see a much better aussie long signal, for example, and I just took that one.  There is a decent signal at several timeframes.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
melpheos, do you mind posting your charts? I'd like to learn from your experiences. And perhaps boxing can give us his opinions on these setups.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
I'm considering going long when the 5 crosses back up.

H4 showing 20 crossing its signal and 50 just about to cross its signal.

Any comments on this setup?

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Yes, I am short cable, fiber and aussie.  I am holding a long EJ which is from before the pair crashed on me rather unexpectedly this morning.  Until then it was doing fine.  Really do not have any 'good' explanation for why the yen crosses all tumbled this morning.  I cannot believe that Paulson's "watching" the yen is terribly significant, particularly when the pairs barely reacted to the G7 saying that they were going to focus on the yen situation.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Working on H1 usually

Here is the charts (as i said, the signal are not reliable and i'm indeed lossing pips here  )

Especially on the very bad first entry on USD/CAD (just before the big bad candle because i didnot wait for the 5 cross)

http://melpheos1er.free.fr/forex/USDCAD-31-01-2007.JPG

http://melpheos1er.free.fr/forex/CHFJPY-31-01-2007.JPG

http://melpheos1er.free.fr/forex/EURJPY-31-01-2007.JPG

I think i'd better work on H4 as i cannot be in front of the computer all the time but i like action :-/ (and  overtrading is usually bad )

@Moonchild, AUD$ on H4 seems to be very good i give a try...  only problem is that i can't find any good support for the SL, the last support i at 07610, that's a very long trip down

Edit : found a closer support on 07690 that's much better

--- 帖子 #174 ---
You're not serious about being short on majors after today's PA?

If you're, this is probably short term, counter move short, right.

What are the targets for your shorts in cable and fiber?

Thanks,

R.

edit: I didn't mean short majors. What I meant was fiber cable ... and aussie

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Excuses please, slip of the mind.  I am long, but I think that due to considering whether or not I want to short UJ, I typed short instead of long.  I am late for going to sleep.  I was delaying because I do not like to leave trades untended until I have moved the stops up to breakeven.  The way things are going I have not been able to.  I am not sure that, at least for the moment, whether it would have mattered which direction I had entered cable and fiber.  They are just ebbing and flowing over my position.

The aussie, which is not one of my favourite pairs is the one which has been performing best, fiber has basically just been laying there like a dead fish and cable has been acting drunk--up, down and around with no apparent direction.   I just wish the market would just do whatever it is going to do and let me get some sleep.

Again my apologies.  My fingers tend to act on their own sometimes.  I am still not short UJ but I am still thinking about it--when I can get out of my EJ long.  That and the aussie are the only trades which seem to be moving up at all.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
melpheos, im not sure which trades ur talking about but if its the ones i think ur talking about then they are very low probability. if u wanna post the screenshots and draw a circle or square on the trades u took i can be more specific. the only 2 trades i see worth taking are on january 30th at midnight so basically january 31st on eurjpy and chfjpy otherwise any other movements didnt trigger any entries so be careful and review some of my charts for what i call the perfect or really good setup. and also the slingshot in a few examples. a gbpusd 1h chart in the morning would have gotten 100 pips+ and it was a great setup with consolidation and 20 and 50 trending down and the 5 pulling back nicely to almost the 80 line. check it out for urself. same with gbpjpy 1h would have gotten more than 100 pips. theres no need to take average trades when u can take the best. and even on higher time frames the 1h provides opportunities quiet often and last week 2 trades off the 4h got me more than 150 pips. but the key is to only look for the best setups

hope this helps

if any of u are interested, a good way of making u understand the method is bring up old charts and find what u think are really good setups and post em and ill tell u if its good or not and if necessary il add something. its like a test for you guys but its a good way to understand so that the next time u see a potential setup u know if its worth it or not. i recommend it and ill answer every time i see a new post.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Hi there,

That is a fantastic and very generous offer Boxingislife. I shall try to get some of these setups from my platform over the weekend.

I have incorporated your system as part of another system to give confirming signals and am forward testing them atm.

My main question for these sort of systems is that when the longer tf indicators (stoch, ma) are moving in one direction, eg down, and we are looking to enter in that direction on a pull back of the shorter tf indicator, how do we actually determine if this pull back is actually a reversal. I mean, if a reversal does happen, then the first thing that would reverse would be the shorter tf. Eg. last nite, I think a lot of ppl would have gotten caught out on the gbp taking short signals before the news, only to be stopped out because the pull back was a reversal.

The other thing is, what is the ideal tf to actually take the trades. Obviously, you will get in late on the signals using a 1H tf, and maybe get less signals. and your stops would have to be higher. On a 5M and 15M you would get more signals, but they could be fake outs and maybe get stopped out often.

One thing I tried yesterday was take the daily range of the pair, and once the pair had moved that distance, I did not enter any trades in it.

My main problem is trying to figure out the best time frame to take the signal, because not only is there atleast 1 perfect set up in most pairs per day, but there also seems to be atleast more than 1 perfect setup in different timeframes for the same pair, eg going short on a 4H chart, and going long on a 15M chart!!

Looking for further clarification.

Cheers,

K.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
I am including a chart for a setup for a kiwi long trade using the 1h chart.  The 5M looks good to go and the 30M is not bad at all.  I am long on this one.

I am still tired since I barely got a nap, but I rechecked this and I do mean long.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Moonchild,

It looks like an excellent signal to long NZD... I'll be following that one!

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Glad I could help.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
This one is more in the nature of a scalping opportunity due to the fact that the chart looks great but the time frame is very short, just the 5M chart.  Wish they all looked like this.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
I took this trade cuz of the 5 cross, even though the 20 and the 50 were above their signals on the 1H and 4H.

Only after executing the trade did I look back at the M5 which is the only timeframe that really confirms this short. Bad idea?? Should I be waiting for the 20 and 50 to cross their signals on the timeframes I'm "really" watching. Since this trade was confirmed on the M5 should I be looking for relatively less pips than I would be aiming for on the longer period charts? I don't trade the M5 so I'm not sure if I should take my 30 pips (as I type) and run.

Got a little trigger happy, haven't traded since the last charts I posted last week.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Yes i know that they are not really good setup (that's the one you call half assed trade  and i said that the signal was not very good )

But i'm experimenting here, sometime, not very good signal give very good opportunities...

I'm allmost break even on the first entry on $/CAD and +20 on the second entry.

On the other position well i'll wait :-/

--- 帖子 #184 ---
well when the 5 pulls back watch price to pull back a bit and consolidate if it does and the 20 and 50 are still trending down then trend is still down. now no system is perfect so lets say u went short and price broke above then it was a bad signal and it happens but they are rare and as long as the main things are confirming the trade then take it. there is no way of knowing but most of the times when the 5 pulls back adn price breaks pretty high then trend is reversing also watch the 20 and 50 if that happens they usually  change direction too. also about last night i dont see any tricky or bad signals on the 1h gbpusd or the 15 min

if u want post a chart and draw a circle on the area ur talking about that way i can explain more.

about timeframes theres no ideal timeframe. each has its own characteristics and what not. last week i took 2 or 3 trades off the 4h chart all winners. yesterday 2 trades off the 15 min gbpusd each good for 15-25 pips. there was also a short gbpusd 1h yesterday good for near 100 pips or so. each timeframe has its own stops and targets and all this stuff. it can depend on ur availability. if ur available around volatile times for a while then trade off the 15 min unless theres a nice 1h signal. if u can periodically check then the 1h chart should give nice trades pretty often. it also depends on the pair. dont trade a pair with a 15 pip spread off the 5 min chart. tahts just asking to lose money. and dont trade the euro for example off the 5 or 15 min during the asian session. ur chances of that trade making pips is very low. so it really depends on all this stuff and i cant actually tell u what to do and when and what to trade coz one thing might work for me but not u but in the end u can make all timeframes work and any pair. i suggest u start with 15 min and 1h and if u dont ahve alot of time study the 1h and 4h charts.

as for contradicting signals on different time frames, dont confuse urself with too many timeframes. if ur unsure just dont trade simple as that. its what i do. just because the 15 is pointing down but the 1h is pointing up doesnt mean one is gonna win. the price could go down according to 15 then go up. remember different time frames are different timeframes and they will contradict each other sometimes. also try not to look at a 5 min chart then a 4h chart for confirmation lol thats just silly. for 15 min try confirming with 1h and for 1h try confirming with 4h. also trading the 5 min chart can be rewarding i consider it advanced and dont look at it too much. too many false signals.

i hope this helps everybody. people keep it simple trust me dont look into it too much  theres nothin perfect if the trade fails it fails even the best traders will have bad trades it happens.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
ur right sometimes average trades give alot of pips. glad ur experimenting. its the only way to really gain experience

--- 帖子 #186 ---
lol i gotta laugh at that one but in a joking around friendly way

ur confirming a 4h trade with a 5min chart? lol

well the 20 and 50 were sort of flat so just by lookin at the setup and its a 4h chart i knew it would give some pips. jsut dont expect alot. i dont take trades like that but alot of times they bring some pips even a little bit but not only its an average setup, but ur risk reward would be pretty bad coz on the 4h u need a big stop and with a setup like that dont expect to make more than 30 pips or so. just be careful with those

--- 帖子 #187 ---
guys for the nzdusd trade, be careful because price has been trending down on the 1h just by looking at it. and this "trend change" on teh 1h is just a retracement on the 4h. so even if u took the trade and u lost its ok it happens. ill be honest i dont always confirm trades with a higher timeframe but i also trade a pair im familiar with and thats gbpusd and about 90% of the time thats all i trade and i have a 15 min a 1h and 4h charts and when i have time i only look at the 4h every once in a while to get an idea about the trend  but mostly i trade the 15 min when i ahve time to sit and watch and the 1h when a nice setup forms or mostly just 1h when im not around alot.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
4h 20 and 50 are up so means trend is mainly up. on the 1h the 20 and 50 and 100 are trending up very nicely with 20 already above 80.

wll see how far it gets

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Entered £$ this morning long @ 1.9648 exit @ 1.9710 is approching (hehe it seems i saw this one just a few second before you ^^ 4 pips down away from you but there was an even better entry point down 15 pips but it was way to early in the morning around 3-4 GMT+1)

I really love this trading technique

Too bad it's too visual to be handled by an EA...

What is your exit point on the £$ trade ?

Btw, i'm short on €£ entry @ 06619 TP @ 06575

--- 帖子 #190 ---
lol ahhh u beat my entry by 4 pips. i got in off the 1h chart and closed out my first lot for 23 pips then the second for a little bit more then entered off teh 15 min around 1pm gmt for another 21 pips and there was one more trade right before the spike to the 9730s couple minutes ago but i didnt take it. got out mostly in the 9690s for around 60-70 pips today.

is that the only trade u took and the eurgbp? did u make some pips today?

trust me whats the fun in having an ea trade for u? plus the idea of a program making me money doesnt exactly make me happy i dont know why.

good luck on ur eurgbp trade

--- 帖子 #191 ---
I'm break even today because of a bad spike on €/$ (though a setup was in formation a gave a shot on a short but the spike took my SL badly )

i'm waiting for the €£ to go down (i'm only 5 pips winning now )

Watch out for €/£ you have a new entry point in formation right now

http://melpheos1er.free.fr/forex/EURGPB-01-02-07.JPG

http://melpheos1er.free.fr/forex/EURGPB-01-02-07.jpg

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Boxing,

Is it safe to say that it's a good bet the gbp/usd will continue its journey up after this brief consolidation? 4hr looks to be setting up beautifully for a long soon. (See Pic)

The 1 hr at this time is whats confusing me... 20/50 are in overbought and starting to trend down as the 5 is just crossed back up.

My guess is the 1hr will trend down for a bit and when the 20/50 goes to oversold and turns up it will align with the 4 hr for a strong LONG signal.

Is this analysis correct?

Thanks,

Bago

--- 帖子 #193 ---
?

--- 帖子 #194 ---
oops never mind was not looking the correct line

Edit : now the 20 have crossed

--- 帖子 #195 ---
yes bagovino good analysis . the 1h might trend down for a bit but when the 4h is ready to continue up then the 1h will reverse. the 4h is up and thats the main trend. look for trades when the 1h and 15min start trending up but when watching the 15 min be careful with trades before the european session.

if this trend up continues, tomorrow should bring some decent pips.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Boxingislife,

Quick Q.

If we look at a higher TF for confirmation of the main direction, shouldn't it be the other way around as the smaller time frame makes the bigger one and not the opposite?

I mean, the bigger tf is build from many of the smaller one. The smaller TF is the first one to go to the new direction and than the larger TF will follow.

I hope I am clear with my Q.

Please help here with your opinion and expirence.

T.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
One situation that I have never really been certain as to the best way to handle it is when the 4H or 1H look really good but none of the lower time frames look good and sometimes show an entirely opposite pattern.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
imo u are right that the smaller tf leads in direction however if you think in terms of fractal theory in which the overall puzzle is made up of many small pieces same in shape then the longer tf shuold play out and should last longer b/c the smaller tf move will finish much quicker. ex on 5 min chart move may be up down. on the 4h or daily the move is the same ( up down) but will take longer to complete... may sound confusing and i may very well have it wrong but this my understanding....

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Obeewon,

I understand the fractal issue, but didn't any change in direction STARTS in the smaller TF first? I think it must, and than will creat a conflict with the longer TF for some time.

So that is the foundation for my Q, The smaller TF may/maynot be the signal for the change in move that will continue/or not in the neat future.

Would love to hear from Boxingislife and all expirience traders here re the subject.

T.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
my sequence:

i glance at the 4h to see what its doing. trend is up then im biased to go long when its the right time on the other time frames. lets say trend is up. i then look at the 1h and 15 min. lets say 1h is trending down. to me this is a retracement and the move down will be small and short lived and then price will consolidate. if everything is as planned the 15 would have turned up and the 1h would be trending down slightly but with more signs of being flat or the 50 is flat for example. then ill start taking trades off the 15 min if its an active time of day and when the first signal works the 1h should be turning up then ill look for more signals on teh 15 min and 1h. this will get easier with practice and experience. ur question is a smart one but it made my head spin and to me for no reason. keep it simple. bad trades will happen and there is no way to avoid them 100%. ive had a bad trade last night. it wasnt a system trade but i was just bored to be honest and lost 30 pips. im over it coz i know theyl happen even though i could have avoid it. i can say with lots of proudness that taking the best setups u will have at least 8 out of 10 trades to be winners.

4h: main trend

1h: watch for retracements from a 4h move or for price consolidation that are saying 4h trend is good and the 1h has just retraced and it isnt moving against the 4h any further

15 min: following teh 4h. look for first trade during active time. if things go smooth, the 1h will follow then things should be smooth sailing from there

hope this helps a bit

--- 帖子 #201 ---
any trade on the posted chart u took would have gotten some pips eventually and probably more in the next hour or 2

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Boxingislife,

Great reply, fully understand now the way you think (I hope)

Many thanks.

Will you take a position before majore news such as NFP,Retail sales etc.?

T.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
na i wont. im done for the day really. the nfp can be very nice but too risky and platforms go nuts and all this stuff during nfp. start ur weekend early

--- 帖子 #204 ---
boxing

i have been trying to study your methods and even intergrate them with my own ma strategy. quick question, i am looking at the 4h and see a uptrend forming on GU. am i reading this right?

ps your system seems to react well with a couple ma that i use still tsting tho

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Boxingislife,

Thank you for explaining your trading method so clearly and for taking the time to answer my Q.

Enjoy you weekend (hope it will be a quite one in your current location)

T.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
yes ur right. although the nfp is causing gbpusd to act funny but once its done i believe trend will continue up.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
thanks T. and if u or the others got anymore questions feel free to ask. ill check periodically this weekend.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Thanks boxing!  Very concise.  I like your systematic thought process!

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Woot, my £Yen paid out

Entry 237.56 exit 238.7  114 pips taken

--- 帖子 #210 ---
keep it simple, that's 4 out of 5 :

--- 帖子 #211 ---
lol good job melpheos. now u can enjoy a nice weekend. hope everyone esle did good too

--- 帖子 #212 ---
in fact it's not ended yet, i've just made 30 more pips shorting the £/Yen 238.3 down to 238  (M15 signal)

If i was a girl, i would marry you

And i have a short on £$ running 15 pips allready

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Could someone please tell me how to post my chart on this tread for some feedback. Thanks for your help!

Lynn

--- 帖子 #214 ---
see this pic

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Hello thanks for the reply, it's just now working for me anyother suggestions ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #216 ---
This is a pair worth a good look after the weekend.  It looks good now at about every time frame but who knows what will happen before Sunday so please check it again on Sunday.  Right now the 4H is just starting to turn up.

Lerner, I assume that you use MT4 and have used the Save as Picture function and saved the chart to your desktop or documents.  At the bottom of the reply window, if you continue scrolling down, you will find a section called manage attachments in the second box after the reply section.  If you click on that another window will come up which will allow you to browse for your chart open it and upload it.  Make sure to use the 600x600 option in the Save as Picture function.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
melpheos:

very nice  glad ur doin good and i see u got at least around 150 pips.

and im flattered lol. im too young to think about marriage :

moonchild:

ur right this pair is in a serious downtrend just by lookin at price on 1h and 4h and even teh daily. i personally wont be trading this but if anyone is interested consider shorting when a setup happens it should bring some nice pips.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Sorry, what page is the Indicator on? and is there an EA for this?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #219 ---
its standard in metatrader and the settings are on the first page. and theres no ea. i dont use ea's i dont like em and i dont trade with them. please attempt to read the thread

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Boxingslife,

The way you explained your system is exactly how I've been using it without you revealing it here first.

I always look to the 4 hr for the main trend, wait for the 1 hr to agree and enter either using an ATR breakout I use or an MA cross I use. I also look at fibs.

Your system is the closest thing to a crystal ball I've ever seen. If one exercises patience and cherry picks the good trades this system is excellent!

Thanks again for sharing it!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #221 ---
ur welcome bagovino

yep its all about picking the best trades and ull always come out a winner with lots of pips

speaking of atr, im tryin to add somethin to determine volatility a little bit. it wont be affecting my strategy(i wont base my trades and decisions off of it) but it would be a nice visual and a way of knowing when to expect action. so i think the atr would be a good choice and bollinger bands and even i read this somewhere both bollinger bands and keltner channels and when the bb are inside the keltner channels or somethin like that to expect some serious action.

you think the atr would do the job?

--- 帖子 #222 ---
look my charts, i allways have BB on them

I also added ADX but i need to look a bit more on them to determine something as an addition to your method

--- 帖子 #223 ---
ehh im bored so i thought id leave u guys with somethin dreamy and a potential veeeeryyyyyyyy looooooooooonnnnnnngggggg teeeeeeeermmmmmm trade.

imagine if u took those 3 trades on the cad. each worth a couple hundred pips umm actually each worth about 1000 pips roughly lol. its nice to dream. but who gives a shit right? were kickin ass on the smaller timeframes

now check out the last rectangle. all 20 50 100 below 20. trend is very very down. 5 very overbought with reverse divergence. if price consolidates around current levels then i think its going down to 1.10-1.05 even lower in the next few months. not tellin u to trade off the monthly chart coz its tricky and risky and u need massive can i borrow some money sort of stops but if it starts heading back down it could be worth trading off the daily chart and get in and possibly ride a massive downtrend.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
around 150 pips today on gbpusd eurusd and gbpjpy. could have gotten more but im done for today although theres some nice setups on the 15 min gbpusd

--- 帖子 #225 ---
could not trade them even i wanted to, i was on in Ireland on a private jet

hehe i wish one day i can pay those kind of trip thanks to forex, who knows

i gave a try on long EURGRP, slope is not very sharp but i'm experimenting

i also gave a shot on short on USDCAD (second picture based on the BB trading technique developped here as well http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...t=15733&page=7

--- 帖子 #226 ---
HI THERE BOXINGISLIFE

in direct answer to your question, i have taken your strategy , and put it along with another indicator "directional movement adx" . this gives volume indication .

the opportunity of catching a trend in the making is best when the adx line has reset itself by going under a reading of 20 (however, gbp usd is more reliable to just dip under . some other pairs do not dip below before heading back up again) , and then waiting for it to break out again. then using YOUR stochastic 5;3;3 for a pullback entry . (you can put this stoch on the adx as well) also the 9 &34 moving average could be on the main part of the chart for another visual confirmation of a breakout

i colour my di positive and negative lines green and red for easy understanding . admittedly , i do not trade anything less than 30min charts . my fave is 2hr . so the perfect scenario would be waiting for the adx to break out from below 20, and the 9 &34 moving averages to cross as well .then wait for stoch 5.3.3 to register a pullback

to jump in .your exit points could either be when that stoch crosses back again , or when the adx line starts to head back down (a few more pips for your money!!!!!). but sometimes even then , you miss out on quite a few pips because it still carries on after the adx is heading down . so you could leave the exit until price crosses back a few pips over the 34 moving ave . the choice of risk is yours . you will get better results when adx is heading up , rather than heading down

p.s i would post a chart , but my computer has internal issues at the moment

which i am trying to rectify asap.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
thanks for the info mcdonnellc. ill give it a shot and see how it looks.

perfect gbpusd 1h trade at the reversal bar. then the 15 min provided opportunities to add to ur position for some nice pippies. also the eurusd 15 min u coulda got an easy 25 or so pips. just today that equals around 100 if u traded boith gbpusd and eurusd. we had guests this morning and i didnt get a chance to trade but i met an amazing girl so its all good.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
i said many time that i used ADX :-p

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Firstly, boxingislife thanks for sharing a very powerful trading plan.

For my first post at ForexFactory I have made an indicator to assist those using this method.

It is an alarm. When the quickest stochastic changes to a new trend which agrees with both the longer stochs an alarm will sound. The alarm should sound each tick for the period of the candle so long as the conditions are still met.

With the default settings the alarm only works when the fastest stoch:

1. Candle 0(the candle being formed) is indicating a new trend

2. Candle 1(the last complete candle) is indicating a new trend(the crossover)

3. Candle 2(the 2nd last complete candle) is indicating the old trend

When the alarm sounds a check of the expert box in the terminal window will indicate which currency, timeframe and direction is alarming.

Any problems with it please let me know. I don't proffess to be a coder but I am willing to give it a go.

Short of an ea I think this alarm will help an already solid approach.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
I have got 5 charts per currency set up, from 5m to 4H, using two currencies.  Anyway the constant alarms are driving me crazy.  I already had the option to turn the alarm off but now I have included a print function.  Otherwise if an alarm goes off and I don't like the look of the setup I can turn the alarm off that particular time frame and currency.  But it gets hard to keep track which chart has the alarm turned off or on.

So now it will let you know if the alarm is off in the terminal expert section.

This is an indicator not an expert.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
How do this setup look ?

--- 帖子 #232 ---
waltini1:

thank you very much for the alarm. i honestly wont be using it because ive just been watching a 15 min and 1 h gbpusd and a 1h eurusd and gbpjpy occasionally other pairs and timeframes but im tryin to stick to the lowest number of pairs and timeframes because it brings less stress so its fairly easy for me to keep track. but as for the other guys who are trading alot of different pairs and timeframes this could help especially if ur not near the computer or sittin watchin tv with ur laptop next to u

thanks again waltini

epiphany:

its a good setup but not the best. the 20 and 50 are flat now and well price has been ranging on the 4h so if i were u id trade off the 1h or 15 min so u can catch those smaller trends since theres no clear trends on the bigger time frames.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Thanks for the feedback boxing.

At the time the seperation on the 20 and 50 looked ok but in hindsight the 100 was flatter than a pancake. Since I'm looking at the 4H perhaps I should look at the 100 for confirmation.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
This set up looks as though it has possibilities although it is not a pair that I normally trade.

This trade resulted in 46 pips.  Not bad at all.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
getting 35 pips from this setup

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Is it my imagination or do the 50 and 20 serve no useful purpose when looking at the daily charts?  It seems that signals from the 5, when moving from the overbought/oversold direction will indicate good trades regardless of what the 20 and 50 are doing.  If they align with one another it seems like coincidence.  I'm wondering if perhaps the settings should be altered for this time frame..?  I like the simplicity of this method, but I'd have to stick to daily charts.

Jason

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Can you please add pop of windows?

Regards

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Again, a big thank you to Boxingslife for this contribution. This is what was missing from my trading tool box. I can't thank you enough man! My trading has gotten so much better.

Anyway, I just wanted to add the importance of drawing trendlines on weekly, and 4 hr charts. Both support and resistance. I pulled a nice 70 pip trade on the Euro the other day when price came down to the support trend line, which happened to also be a Fib line as well.... Then the signal came from the Stoch and we took off!!! I even got the perfect exit as it stalled at the upper trend line. Which is where it happens to be at this moment.

It's something called confluence people... Learn and prosper.

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #239 ---
good point, especially for resistances.

Here is what i've done this morning and yesterday at night

For swissy open this morning at 8h12 1.2447 TP reached at 1.2480 1h30 after for a nice 33 pips

For €/CHF open last night @ 11h24PM 1.6155 TP reached 1.6219 this morning @ 10h for a wooping 64 pips (i know it's even getting higher now but i set my TP last night and couldn't look at the curve before now )

Allready around 100 pips today

--- 帖子 #240 ---
the daily is a completely different story. ill be honest taking trades off the daily is hard and confusing and tricky and even if im gone non stop id rather take trades off the the 4h. so first of all if u can do that then do it and trust me the 4h is great and it gives u plenty of time to enter a trade and exit a trade and it moves in big amounts. but if u have to trade the daily then yea i guess u can just trade off the 5 stoch with confirmation from 20 and 50 but i mean the settings are fine but what i see is the really good setups are very rare and u usually need to look for reversal bars, pin bars, hidden divergence and things like that and either way ur gonna have a big stop. sorry i really dont trade the daily often or anything i just look at it sometimes for trend direction. but i hope this helps. another thing u can do is wait only for the peftect setups and trade like 10 different pairs. im sure the perfect setup will happen on a pair fairly often

--- 帖子 #241 ---
And one more running +90 pips atm

And i made +142 pips and the cable

This is a crazy day today

What's more i have a +60 pips running on $Yen...

I will make a count tonight... Damn i wish this was on real account

--- 帖子 #242 ---
melpheos ,

if your happy with the set up , go live !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #243 ---
one day is one day...

today was great but that's the first great day in 2 weeks...

but it's seems i'm getting better so i'll stick with demo for one or more two month then put 1000€ to start with...

--- 帖子 #244 ---
remember the real test is going live demo is fine for a moment but wont denote real results...in someways once you go live you will have to start all over again and train yourself.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
The real test is when you throw away indicators and don't get the shakes.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
This looks like a short set up with some possibilities on the 15M chart, the 30M does not look bad either.

Of note the USD/CAD is also falling.

This trade moved along rather slowly but ended up yielding 55 pips.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Results for today

http://melpheos1er.free.fr/forex/results-08-02-07.gif

383 pips for today

Note that i made an error on the USDCAD, i did not respect my SL and closed the trade

Also an error on the CHFJPY, i have no idea why i closed this trade ???

Also have a look on this setup...

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Great result Melpheos

You are watching a lot of charts, Do you just trade the 1 hr time frame ?

I did notice the cable set up, If it goes to the double bottom at 9540 it would be nice.

Mart

--- 帖子 #249 ---
i am watching 12 pair and on H1...

i have them set up on M15 also but i dont look them often (i could but it's too time consuming while with H1 you can have a look every 3-4 hour (eventually more frequently when you see a setup forming )

i have also 12 pair set up with the bollinger trading technique but this has to been watched only once a day

virtually i have 36 pairs to watch :fun:

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Hi Boxingslife,

Can you tell me from your experience what you forsee happening for the Cable here? I'm a bit confused.

Thanks,

Bago

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Boxing,

I mean GBP/JPY. 4 hr setting up for a perfect long as the 1hr is setting up for a perfect short.... My brain is frying on this one. I hate not being able to figure things out. I chalk it up to price consolidating. Your thoughts?

Thanks again!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #252 ---
How's this setup?

20, 50, and 100 down, 5 cross, short at candle close.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
hey guys sorry about not answering right away. iwas gone all day yesterday and ive been sick since last night so its been kinda crazy

bagovino: the best advice in a situation like that is not to trade. why bother  either look at a different pair or wait for the next day to start. trust me it will save u from a possible loss. while i ignore situations like that, theres a few ways that would have reinforced the idea of a short trade and it will come out a winner as we saw.

- the 4h is ranging. so to me that says no true direction. when that happens i automatically switch to the 1h chart because theres always trends. since the 4h is ranging well its goin up and down so its trending except the only way to see that trend is a faster timeframe. so we go to the 1h.

- 1h its been going up just by lookin at price. well yesterday the 20 and 50 started trending down. so price dropped and consolidated and it retraced. if u draw some fibos u see price went to around the 50% mark and stalled. at the same time u had a great short trade forming . there you go you would have taken that trade and come out a winner.

i personally would rather go watch cartoon network when i see a setup like that. even if i could confirm the trade and its direction, i dont bother or waste my time. its not worth it. trading as stress free as possible is what im after

hope that helps a bit

epiphany that setup is great and i think it came out a nice winner right?

--- 帖子 #254 ---
i went out with a +100 pips on this one

--- 帖子 #255 ---
This is what if looked like when I woke up.

It had me worried when the 5 started going up. It came within 2 pips of my S/L but when the 5 did not make a higher high and crossed back down I was certain it was all good.

I hope I find many more of these.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Maybe a perfect setup on EURUSD H1 but there is a reversed direction on the H4 so up to you to decide

Anyway, i dont think the signal will appear before the end of the week in a few hours

I opened to quickly on this one

Edit : cross happened i'll for a short and we'll see on monday how it goes (damn swap ^^ )

--- 帖子 #257 ---
I agree with you about the 4H and I am posting a chart of the 4H, but what bothers me even more is that it is not only the 4H which has a reversed direction, but it looks as though the 30M is turning up also, at least the 20 and there is a suggestion that the 50 is also going to turn up.  This would then mean that there is an isolated 1H chart which looks good.

This trade may turn out but I would not feel very confident going into it.

I am attaching both the 4H and 30M charts and I will hope for the best since I have never attempted to attach 2 charts to 1 post before.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Correct but i also bought using the methoBB signal that shows the following.

Good sell opportunity so even if the signal might be wrong on the H1 it's ok on the D1 so we will see ^^

--- 帖子 #259 ---
This trade looks like it may have real potential on the 1H chart and the 4H does not look bad at all, the 20  and 50 are above to 80 level and the 50 has rolled on top of the 20 preparatory to heading down.  The 100 is running fairly flat along the bottom of the chart.  The only undesirable item on the 4H chart is the 5 which is near the 20 level and is either going to head up or possibly just stay near the bottom of the chart.

In any case the 1H looks good and the 4H is not bad at all, although without the 1H it would not warrant trading.

This one should be worth looking at on Sunday.  Frequently the asian/pacific pairs trade briskly on Sundays and there is no particular reason to think that this pair should be affected by the G7 meeting.  But first check for any changes brought about by over-the-weekend trading which can cause gaps.  Anyway, since it is the 1H and 4H charts involved, it should bring a good number of pips.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Hi, i've just started reading this thread.  i love the method.  thanks for the great link for the calendar.  i like the fact that i can click on any news event and a pop up window appears explaining the news event.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
hi

I've spent the last few days going through this entire thread, copying and pasting all the examples, questions and answers.  I'm visiting my parents so i can't really study it too much right now.  It'll be interesting reading while travelling tomorrow.  Of course i would have preferred if you all used white background charts to save on all the ink should i decide to print this!!!!!:

I want to thank you all for the wonderful method, especially boxing, and all your generosity in posting your examples and answering each other.  This really is a great method and great community.

I can't wait to get home and get some charts set up and get started.

Hope you are all having a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Has anyone been ambitious enough to consider writing EA for this

it looks good but is it possible to make it enough mechanical to work as Expert Advisor?

--- 帖子 #263 ---
pipette4x glad u like it and if u have any questions please feel free to ask

ahil

im really not a big fan of expert advisors for alot of reason. i dont believe in making money while doing nothing unless ive worked and done somethin for 30-40 years and im retiring and making money off some investment or something

this system has alot of discretion involved. the more ur successful at it the more you filter out the average/good trades from the perfect trades even if they bring alot of pips. a expert advisor can trade according to parameters but doesnt have and would never have the logic that humans have after experience.

another thing is timeframes. while there can be a great trade on the 1h, a quick signal on the 15 min against the 1h that is enough to trigger a trade would lose some hard earned pips. also u cant just put it on 1h coz then ull be missing alot of trades on the 15 min and even the 5 min

i personally cannot come home to the fact that for example my expert advisor lost money today while i could have made money or the target was missed by 1 pip then the stop was hit or whatever the case is. u can blame it all u want but in the end its like using a signal service. its ur fault for trusting it while u could have traded it urself and made money.

i can list a few more reasons but all im saying is im not a fan of expert advisors nor would i support them on my thread. no hard feelings just the way i like to do things

learn to trade the system and ull get to a point where ull enjoy trading

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Boxingislife,

Have a quick Q for you,

What stop loss do you use for the 5min, 15min and 1H if trading the GBP?

T.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
boxing

no hard feelings at all, just I dont know what is your situation but mine is that when I am at work and that is standard 8:30-16:30 or 17 I cant trade with metatrader because of firewall

so that leaves me time after 17:30 when I get home and by that I show some signs of fatigue and all the main pairs are done for the day

so EA is something that would work for me, of course if it is applied in good system

After looking at this system I believe that it is good but it wouldnt be an easy task to programm EA that would catch most of good trades because just as you said there are more things than just stochastic

anyway nice system and have a good trading day

--- 帖子 #266 ---
My €/$ paid out 76 pips wih two positions opened

And The AUD$ pointed by Moonchild also paid out 40 pips... (1 lot)

I only have one losing position -20 pips on EUR/CHF (2 lots)

One more good day

/me feel the urge to open a live account but will resist to the dark force...

I dont see any opportunity right now, any stoch 20 are close to each other or not in a good shape so i'll wait a few hours before watching the market...

--- 帖子 #267 ---
tzachi

it depends on the average daily range of each pair and the timeframe u use. for example gbpusd i use 20 pips for a stop but it really depends on alot. so my best advice is to experiment and do some visual backtesting to see where ur stop would be safe

ahil

i understand and if u can program it then ill help u with the settings and parameters and time frames and all that

but in my opinion a better suggestion is trading 1h and 4h timeframes. a quick scan of the charts after u get home lets say 5-6 pairs ull prob find a trade everyday.

whatever session is open when u get home say hte japanese well look into jpy pairs like gbpjpy and usdjpy and maybe eurjpy look for trades on the 1h and 4h. if nothing on there then look for trades during the aussie session im not sure if it comes before the japanese session or not but u get the idea. check the 1h and 4h then if u want plot an atr or bollinger bands to see if theres gonna be some action coming up.

before u head to work check for opportunities on the 15 min and 1h on the majors.

this is all asuming ur EST but if ur a different time then just do the same but watch the pairs that are related to the sessions open when u can look at the charts

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Australian session is first

--- 帖子 #269 ---
thanks boxing

I'll try to demo some trades after working hours

I live in europe so it would leave me japanesee and auzzie, not sure I have to check time zones

I started some work on EA but I will have to study more and more winner charts to get the right thing, for now i have 50%/50% win loose situation on EA ) not good enough ) maybe only for loosing money

--- 帖子 #270 ---
20, 50, & 100 pointing down 5 has crossed down.

Short at candle close.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Epip,

Great call based on Boxing's system, a perfect one in my view.

T.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Boxingislife,

Based on your experience, which are the best/most reliable pairs to trade the system?

T.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
tzachi

it really depends on each person and their preference

but for me i like to trade gbpusd and gbpjpy while checking some others every now and then like eurusd usdjpy audusd. maybe some others too lol

experiment and see which one u like best i just seem to always have luck with gbpusd compared to trading another pair. maybe the pair responds well to my signals but ill keep believing that gbpusd is my future wife.

is anybody trading live or everyone practicing on demo?

for anyone thats been practicing this for sometime i recommend u move to a live account and trade 1 cent a pip. might sound small but not only ur practicing with real fear and real money but u can also make some money

i just believe that practicing small on a real account is better than the fairy tale that u can have practicing on a demo for a long time.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
what about stops and targets on GBPJPY and with most of the brokers spread is also high

GBPJPY can generate quite a move do you target for more than usual there?

--- 帖子 #275 ---
This is from this morning it wuold be just nice for 30pips max

stop loss would be 20 pips

it is all without spread, should I add spread to all these values?

--- 帖子 #276 ---
stops like i said earlier depends on alot of stuff

but for me a typical stop on gbpjpy would be 20-25 pips with a target of around teh same or a bit higher around 30 pips. but trading gbpjpy on 15 min chart is a bit scary

yea u should add the spreads or at least part of it to an already decent stop or target

--- 帖子 #277 ---
I realize changing a system before you've actually traded it a month or so is kind of taboo but I had to mold this to better fit my time frame and personality.  It also happens that this works out fairly well..

I only have the 50,10,20 on my charts.  Specifically the 1hr cable and swiss.  I go short when the main line has gone above overbought (80) and drops back down again.  Likewise I go long when the main line drops below oversold (20) and pops back up again.

Exit either at the next sell signal, a predefined stop loss or when the main line crosses the trigger line (but ONLY if they are both between the 80 and 20 levels - crosses of the main/trigger are ignored when in overbought and oversold areas).

I have also added a tunnel to the chart, using the 62 EMA w/ +10 and -10 levels on it.  This can be used in one of two ways.  When a currency is trending hard, a slight retracement might actually cause the stochastics to drop below (or above) the over/under sold line indicating a new position.  In this case, I use the tunnel as confirmation of entry.  If the price does not cross the tunnel I do not take the trade.  Again, I typically only use this tunnel in cases of trending markets.   The second use would be to always use the tunnel as added confirmation of a trade - many times the price will range within the tunnel before continuing on in the direction of the stoch signal.  Up to you.

Jason

--- 帖子 #278 ---
thanks jlowder ill take a look

--- 帖子 #279 ---
My two first trades with this method were both positive yesterday. I had a euro long that worked and a usd/cad short that I exited this morning.

On the attached image the trade was entered at 1.1754 with a stop at 1.1774 and I exited at 1.1708. From the looks of things I could have held the trade longer but a profit is a profit. It's nice since I have lost my ass on a few trades this week.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
imbiber, where did you found the indicator that shows yesterday HL ? could you post it ?

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Sure.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
imbiber thats one messy chart

I mean do you relly use that many indicators?

and congrats on positive trades.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
^ imbiber, what's that indicator at the bottom of your chart that says "Daily average range"? Is that an EA or simple indicator? Can you share it with us please?

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Actually yeah I do, lol. I don't like my charts looking naked haha.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
you say, you only use tunnel in case of trending markets, how do you decide is it trending? by slope of tunnel, by observing history price or some other indicator?

--- 帖子 #286 ---
I used to follow the FxIgor method and picked it up on the TSD forums I think.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Thanks imbiber, very kind of you.

And thanks to boxingislife for sharing the sexy stoch. I were able to maximize my earning potential combining it with my hedge technique.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Thanks a lot, and thanks for the other indicator

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Typically that means when (to me) price has been moving up for 2-3 days and the slope plus daily stair pivot are moving upwards as well.  It's just an eyeball thing that can't really be quantified.  Or least I have haven't tried.  Sorry I can't give a more exact response.

Jason

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Hello boxinislife

Thank you for sharing your method.
Can you explain what you said in the post about the phrase “another thing is timeframes. while there can be a great trade on the 1h, a quick signal on the 15 min against the 1h that is enough to trigger a trade would lose some hard earned pips. also u cant just put it on 1h coz then ull be missing alot of trades on the 15 min and even the 5 min”
The meaning is: trade with the 2 time frames (15m e 1h) with Stochastic 50 - 20 – 5 pointing in the same direction? Or trade with only one time frame and follow the signals produced even if they are against the other frame ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #291 ---
I think that what boxing meant was that it is good to have confirmation of your signal on 15 or 5 min chart on some other timeframe

for example

signal on 15 chart, look on 1H chart and if Stochastic there is going in the direction of a signal on 15 min chart take that signal

dont think it is necessary but Ill leave that to boxing

--- 帖子 #292 ---
But only one logic problem here:

The signal on the 5 min and 15 min chart will ALWAYS come first as the 1H bar is build AFTER 4 of 15 min or 12 of 5 min bars are created.

So, if we wait for the 1H bar it may be too late for the short term trade of the 5/15M chart. But, the signal on 5 or 15 min may get us in the hourly trades earlier.

So Boxing, your input of resolving this issue is needed here, how do you deal with it in your call if to take the trade on a short TF or wait for the 1H bar to close first?

Tzachi

--- 帖子 #293 ---
well I wasnt thinking of bar close on 1H chart, you just check direction of 20 and 50 Stochastic on 1Hour Chart and if it is in the same direction as your planned trade than you take it

--- 帖子 #294 ---
ok one thing i think i should advise you guys to do is forget the 5 min chart. its too fast and its not a good idea to trade with it. use a 15 min chart if u want a small timeframe.

the way i do things is the following:

i look at the daily or 4h for a general idea. just a quick glance. lets say trend is up.

i open my 1h chart and check the 20 and 50 lets say they are flat and its early in the euro. session but action is starting to pick up. so i take a look at my 15 min and i see a nice 20 and 50 trending up and the 5 pulling back with price making a small move up and then consolidating.  i take teh trade. lets say it went up 15-20-30 pips whatever. i get out at some point then check to see if the 20 and 50 are still trending.  and i check the 1h.

i like to keep things simple and prefer taking trades off higher tameframes rather than the smaller ones but il  go to smaller timeframes when the higher ones are not showing any signals.

so for example if i check the 1h and its trending up with the 5 pulling back then i forget the 15 min and i look to buy when price consolidates because signals on teh 1h are much safer to trade. if its trending up but the 5 is already overbought or acting funny then i go to the 15 min and check for trades. or if the 1h is trending up and finished a first signal or during a trade i check the 15 for opportunities and add to my trade on a very tiny pull back. it can be many things. but the 1h and 15 min are close so they shouldn confuse u. and guys trade take alot of trades especially on the demo. the losers will teach u what u did wrong and how it can be avoided.

hope this clears up some issues

--- 帖子 #295 ---
here is audusd 1h today

the first square from left to right, u could have taken timewise as in ud prob be awake maybe and it was during an active time and the 20 was trending up nicely same with the 50 even though it was under the 20 line or oversold. 1st good trade. after that u could have switched to 15 min and added to it at 2 different opportunities till the market calmed. next box and the last one are great opportunities and could have brought a decent amount of pips. with the 20 50 and 100 trending up very very nicely and the 20 and 50 being overbought eventually and above 80 why bother with a 15 min chart? take the signals off the 1h and as u can see they were great.

dont worry about the colors  im just tryin to be creative

also check out the 1h gbpjpy for a nice buy trade

--- 帖子 #296 ---
i took 45 pips on the AUDUSD you'v just shown...

But today was bad due to the BOE annoncement that took my £Yen down a lot (-130 pips atm but i keep it as i am trading it on a daily not very good signal )

I'm still break even because i had a good €$ , swissie and €cad...

this trading technique is for me a holy grail... even with a really bad trade i'm still break even

--- 帖子 #297 ---
This method rocks. I use the four hour charts. This was one of mine from yesterday.

Entry Aud/jpy long @ 93.84 currently at 94.57. Stop has been moved to 94.48.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
melpheos im glad ur getting the hang of it and overall doing really good with the method.

imbiber good job on ur trade

kermit rocks. he always seemed like a character that takes speed and is always hyper lol. kermit the druggy

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Boxingislife,

what strange is we have 3 things in common: we like boxing(I can tell from your nickname), we like Forex and we live in Orlando!

Do you still in Orlando?

Andrey

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Boxing,

You mentioned the system was originally developed for stock and indices. Do you know what the settings would be for something like the S&P or the Russell?

Thanks again for sharing this method!

--- 帖子 #301 ---
andy12:

na not at the moment. ive been there for the past 6 years but now im in beirut visiting my brother and finishing university here. and once im done im goin to qatar to live with my brother and work there for a while so im not coming back to orlando for some time but i might come back and visit soon.

i lived in metrowest off of hiawassee

where do u live?

tonygibbs

i believe the settings are 35

and the slowing is 10 rather than 20. signal line is 1. they dont use it they just look at the lines direction and angle

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Up 144 pips today, could have been much better (80 more pips if i could have been in front of my computer to lower my TP )

edit : + 339 pips now (just the time to go do some maintenance on a PC  )

--- 帖子 #303 ---
nice melpheos good job

--- 帖子 #304 ---
melpheos,

Great job.

What pairs?Can you post the charts with the marks of where did u go in and out please?

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Hello Tony,  I'm predominantly an e-mini trader (esp S&P ) . Buffy is a trader who has a very active chat room (B-Line) at Ensign ( the software I use for e-mini's ) She also assists with  technical support and is very helpful.

FFx rules do not permit me to give you any links but she and a group of e-mini traders ( they focus on ES & ER ) also have a site dedicated to e-mini trading systems and approaches ( all free ) . On this site,if I recall correctly the B-Line system is explained in some detail.

If your interested PM me ------------ Bramhall17

p/s I don't personally trade the B-Line system for e-mini's but have followed this development for Forex with interest.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Attachment
here is my statement for you to get an idea, note that i did not start to use boxingislife strategy first

This is more than 14% in two weeks, this is not too bad and what i can see is that my max drawn down is fairly low 3-4%

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Melpheos,

U said " Up 144 pips today, could have been much better (80 more pips if i could have been in front of my computer to lower my TP )"

I did not need to see your statement, I am sure that u made whatever you say. I asked for the marked charts so all of us can see when and why you got in and out from the trades so we can learn from it.....

Thank you,

T.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
I am moving tomorow to apartment on Kirkman road right across Valencia, so we would be really close.

In Forex, I like breakout strategy though, and you seems to like stochastics.

In Boxing, I like betting, and doing this for many years. I wish I have the same succsses in Forex like in Boxing. But Forex, I just started doing and betting on boxing I am doing for years.

If you going to be in Orlando, I will be glad to meet you.

Andrey

--- 帖子 #309 ---
well with the statement you can see the hour of the day when i did the trade but i will try to post some shots of the best trades, that was my point (and no the fact that i could have believe that you did not trust me  which was not the case anyway ) and it's definitely faster to show my statement than to take a lot of screenshot showing what you can in fact see on your own chart using the template (i can provide mine if you want )

Also note that i'm taking a lot of trade now but this is experimental. Boxingislife gave the good advice to take only the best trade and i agree with that but some trades at first look not that great but end with great results

Ok here for example is a trade i have right now taken about 1 hour ago and allready giving 45 pips, entry is 233.33

Another one, which was very rewarding : only 1 lot gave 1400$ in one night

I like to take early entry

--- 帖子 #310 ---
do i have to stick to 15m chart only ? or do i need to refer to another tf to confirm such as 1hr tf ?

edit : sorry i found ur post bout it #295 ..

--- 帖子 #311 ---
For the last week i'm up about 10% on my initial capital using only boxingislife strategy...

And i'm taking not only perfect trade but also half broke trade that sometime fails miserably ^^

I'll try next week to take only perfect trade to see if it goes even better

--- 帖子 #312 ---
What do you think about posting only best trades when they are forming? so everyone can take a look at

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Boxingislife, Moonchild, Epiphany and I allready posted a lot of example but i will try to post my trade next week (might be difficult in fact to trade as i have a lot of work but we will see )

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Hi All,

Would anyone be interested in trading this strategy in a chatroom?  I have a Paltalk chat I'm not using.  This way we might be able to keep up with trades on several pairs.  I would make it available from 0700 - 1700 GMT.  What do you think?

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #315 ---
I've yet to see Pal Talk work successfully, but I'd be willing to particpate. I think its a great idea for this  system. It would be great if Mr. Boxing could log on as well to give analysis in real time.

I have been working on a couple of filters for this system to stay out of bad trades and give some clarity to the signals. So far I am 4 for 4 winning trades on a live account using Sexy Stochs with my filters. I'm going to fine tune it this week and possibly release it here.

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #316 ---
I'll open the chat at the European open and we'll see how it goes.  Look for Currency Trading the 15M TF with Stochs.  It will be under Business & Finance / Day Trading Stocks & Bonds.  See you all there.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Thanks bagovino  We cant wait for the filter you use...

--- 帖子 #318 ---
hey pipsacker, thanks for the great chat idea. i really love this system. i will join you wednesday :-)

--- 帖子 #319 ---
bagovino,

If you want, I am sure we all here would help tune up your ideas of filters and would love to see Boxing's input for using the filters.

T.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
See you Wednesday, FXfreak.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #321 ---
sounds good guys. sorry ive been away for a few days just relaxing but ill try to join u guys this week and possibly next week before university starts then my time will be very limited. i also wanna show you guys something interesting especially for people who dont have alot of time during the day to daytrade.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
There is a lot of opportunities in formation this morning  : watch for all parities vs yen , cable, swissy, €$ , and aussie ...

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Hi,

I've been followng this thread quite while. Myabe I'll introduce myself more later.

Just this morning, while off work for a week, I took a short position in Eur$. Sold @ 1.3144. See red arrow. For me its a sell on 15M. Even so the 4H is turning to a sell. Should I already have close while the stochastic is turning in oversold? Feel free to comment on it.

I added a pic for testing upload and for comment on follow up. Should I have closed out?

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Hi All,

I'll open chat at London open - no one is entering the chat earlier.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Market is not active at all today probably because of President Day... So i'll wait untill tomorrow

--- 帖子 #326 ---
even though the trade worked out, where u entered i wouldnt have taken the trade it wasnt the best setup but since u did u can get out when the stoch goes into oversold and u see some reversal bars and then u can reenter on the second trade. it depends on ur bias for the day and for example my bias was down for gbpusd so i entered and my stop was close to being hit so i made it a bit higher and then gbpusd dropped nicely. thats why i like to keep a bias for the day(by watching higher timeframes) coz i dont have to enter exit then enter exit again i can just enter and possibly add at a pullback and just let it ride.

hope that helps

--- 帖子 #327 ---
This one seems OK to me

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Sorry to change the subject for a moment, but was just wondering if pipsacker is from Oklahoma?

--- 帖子 #329 ---
everyone watch usdcad 4h

i got orientation tomorrow and im not lookin forward to it

good luck tomorrow everybody

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Why don't you PM him and find out. Better to keep those questions private so the thread stays focused.

Lux

--- 帖子 #331 ---
No trade of interest untill this morning...

Have you found any ?

I jumped on a brief +16 pips on £Yen and some pips and a brief short on €$ but no big move (there was big move but not shown with this strategy )

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Hi guys, read through the posts, but confess that I am struggling with putting the concept into practice.  Struggling to find any prospective trades today, but the nearest I can see is a possible short in NZDJPY, 1hr.

Could somebody kindly comment just so I know whether I am at least on the right track, if not at the right house yet!!  Doesn't matter about timeframe, just want to 'see' if my intepretation is correct.

Many thanks

Kermit

--- 帖子 #333 ---
do not worry, exept the two trade i have taken, there is nothing much to do until now today, note that is a very situation as most of the time i have around 4 position open all the time with this strategy watching 13 pairs

--- 帖子 #334 ---
I'm watching the USD/CHF one hour for a possible long. The 20 and the 50 are good distance from their signal lines, just waiting for confirmation from the 5.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Thanks imbiber,

I think I'm along the right lines, but it would be useful to see a 'live' or 'almost live' trade posted, just so I can see what all the potential song & dance is about.  And more importantly, whether I have got the setups right.  Then its down to my interpretation.

And many wars have started due to 'lost in translation'.

I hope to be speaking the right dialect of stochastic shortly!!

Kermit

--- 帖子 #336 ---
A live trade I just took.

Short eur/usd @ 1.3133 SL @1.3160 TP 1.3090

There is some resistance at 3129 that if taken out should run stops below 3120.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Thanks imbiber-

Was looking at that trade, but a couple of newbie observations have made the finger twitch, but not pull the trigger yet.

S1 @ 1.3127

Y'day low @1.3121

could both act as support IMHO. I guess it depends on how many pips you are after.

But the third point is perhaps the most impt-and I guess shows that there is much more for me to learn about trading; you are taking a 5 xover near to oversold levels (i.e. closer to 30 than 80-OK in the direction of the 20, 50 shorts) when historically, the pair has often bounced from there.

Please indicate (gently!) where I am going wrong.

Many thanks

Kermit

--- 帖子 #338 ---
I don't use daily pivots. I stick with weekly pivots. I haven't backtested which ones are better just what I use.

I would probably move my stop to BE at that point.

I don't think you are going wrong anywhere and I'm still new to this method myself so take my trades with a grain of salt. The 20 and the 50 are still above the 50 line so maybe there is more room to go.

I'm no pro at this method so take my advice with a grain of salt. What I'm saying above could be totally wrong.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Cheers imbiber.

Accept what you say about weekly pp, I am just aware that many 'pro' traders use intraday pp as well.

Interestingly (coincidence or otherwise) your target of 3090 is Fri low,and S3 (give or take a gnat's whatsit) today.

Guess all the action will be in the yen pairs tonight, so hold on to your hats!

Good luck with the trade either way.

I'll keep scrolling through the other pairs for a likely setup!

Kermit

--- 帖子 #340 ---
It's also the weekly pivot, well 3 pips above it.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
gbpusd 15 min for today. the first circle was a good trade. easy 15 pips or so. the second circle would have been a good trade too. once price started heading up on the 15 min if u were checking the 5 min chart u might have gotten in earlier but both trades off the 15 min would have been very nice.

also im gonna post a gbpjpy trade that was really good too

--- 帖子 #342 ---
gbpjpy 1h. a successful trade and another perfect entry right now.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
feels like I'm watching paint dry.

I saw that set up on the geppy Boxing, looks like the same setup is appearing on a few of the jpy pairs. For some reason I can't remote connect to my terminal at the house so I will miss that trade.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Sorry guys, I'm obviously really struggling with the concept here, so bear with me & spell it out in words of one syllable, if you'd be so kind.

GBPJPY 1hr trades could you ACTUALLY ANNOTATE the entry point, not just some nebulous mass of bars-its like pick one from 6, and the reasons why would be really helpful.

I am assuming the first one is long, (blue indicator over red, both in uptrends and the signal bar is when the green 5's cross over)

The second trade I am even more unclear on , 20 dips below 50, greens cross at north of 80= ?short to me, or 5's cross at sub 20, but 20/50 in o/bought territory & crossing down-who knows?

As for the GBP, I guess the first trade is short on the x of the 5's but as for the second highlighted area, looks like a dogs dinnner. ? Long trend on the blue/red xover, at the point where the 5's crossback towards 80?

And I thought I was pro- rather than re-gressing-obviously not.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Everything looking down. Price made a higher high but Stoch did not.

BTW, hope no one got smoked on the JPY interest rate.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Hi All,

It looks like interest in the chat is dead.  If it doesn't pick up by Friday, I'll shut it down.  I have it open during the London session.  0800 - 1700 GMT

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Pip,

I was looking for it earlier this morning and couldn't find it. Just went to look again when I saw your post, and it wouldn't let me join . . . said room doesn't exist.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Hi Tony,

Paltalk cut me off at 1200 GMT - still cannot open room.

pipsacker

It's now 1345 and Paltalk is still not letting me open the room.  I'll try again at London open.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Hi,

This is my unpretentious contribution to this thread...

That's a PDF file available for download at this URL :
http://dl8.ohshare.com/v/2133036/Box...d_V01.pdf.html

I compiled this thread and made a PDF file of 71 pages and almost 50 charts.

I hope this will help....Let me know (if you please)

BTW I did this to help, to contribute ... and because I'm a former boxer. I used to practise boxing when I was at the University ... a long time ago. I'm always a big fan of our best french boxer for ever :  Mister Marcel CERDAN.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Stopped out on this one. I should have placed a sell stop below the resistance at 3129.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Black,

Sounds good, but I can't get it to work. The link takes me to a web page with the file description, but no link to download the pdf.

Got it. Must have been an IE problem. Firefox worked. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #352 ---
The download  link is just in the left high corner. Look at the pictuer here joined !

--- 帖子 #353 ---
That's weird. It doesn't work in Firefox but does in IE.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
just opened on cable, signal is clear even is there is  still 30 minutes to the close of the candle but hey i like early entrance ^^

--- 帖子 #355 ---
I agree with what you see here but I am a bit concerned with the fact that none of the other time frames show a similar picture.  I rarely venture to take a trade when only 1 time frame shows a good picture.  My experience has been that when only 1 time frame shows this then the probability of a rapid turnaround is high.  This may be an excellent trade but with possibly more risk than many other trades

--- 帖子 #356 ---
I was watching that cable trade as well.

I'm in a little early on the USD/JPY. I'm thinking the Asian session sends it higher.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
D1 shows downtrend and H4 shows nothing... We will see where it goes

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I have been watching the UJ charts and I am just waiting a little bit longer.  I find that if I wait and time my entry (not my trading decision unless I am scalping) on the slow stochastic on the 5M chart, I give myself a much better entry and frequently add as much as 15 pips to the profit of the trade.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Checking the 5 minute chart is something I'm going to look into when I'm trading at home. Unfortunately during the day I can only check the charts about once an hour.

.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Good job blackfeet!

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Evening everyone

Thanks for posting your trades up here, it has really been a great help.  I think I was probably trying to over complicate the setup which is why I was confused.

Please correct me if I am wrong, but the setup is, at its most basic, blue crosses red 20/50 (and signal lines) THEN check green 5's. Appreciate that there are a few other nuances, (slope of angle, gap between 20 & 50 etc) but then Trade accordingly!

Just to see if i'm on the right track, I think I am looking at a tentative short AUDCAD 1 hr, (0005GMT) which I think looks like the GBP posted a little while back.  How much significance (if any) is placed on the proximity and/or direction of the 100 line?

Sorry to be a pain in the proverbial...

Thanks

Kermit

--- 帖子 #362 ---
bagovino,

How you doing with the filters? can you share with us here?

T.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
This trade has possibilities.  I am planning on waiting for the slow stochastic (5, 3, 3) on the 5M chart to cross and turn up as an entry signal.  The stochastics on the 5M chart are also up.  The 1H chart is neutral and the 4H chart looks as though it is planning on heading down, but that should be no problem for a trade based on the 30M chart.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
This one should be good for quite a few pips if it works out since it is on a daily chart.  The 1H chart does not look bad either for a short.

There are also fundamental reasons for this trade to work out.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Unable to open Paltalk - no chat.

pipsacker

1037 GMT - Paltalk working - chat open - welcome.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
The 4H chart looks fairly good.  The 15M actually looks really good.  I realize that I am a little late getting around to posting but it is very early where I am.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Hi,

I see you are using different time frames with different pairs. Are you using the same time frames on the selected pairs? Or are you looking for good setups in any given timeframe?

When looking for good setups on the same pair in different time frames there always seems to be a contradiction in trend or signal. Could you please elaborate on this?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hi All,

I'm still having trouble with the chat for this system.  Does anyone know how to block Paltalk ads?  I did it for an older version, but probably need to unblock for the newest to work.  Cannot find the directions given to me.

Thanks.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Hello,

I'll post two pics and hope you will comment on them.

The first one is a 15min on Eur$. I do think it's a long one on this time frame.

Would you agree?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hello,

Now this is the 1H chart at the same moment. Its not a buy on this one.

How dou you all cope with these situations?

(Meanwhile the 15Min did about 9 pips)

thanks

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Actually I use all time frames from 5M to daily, but most often the 15M, 30M, 1H and 4H charts.

I do not like to trade unless I have 2 adjacenty time frames which agree, or at least do not conflict.  I will trade with a good set up on one time frame and a neutral on an adjacent time frame.  Usually I use 15M and 30M together, 1H and 4H together.

I use the 5M for scalping and always to help with the most advantageous entry to a trade which I had a set up for on another time frame.  I just use the slow stochastic on the 5M for these purposes.

In those rare cases in which there are 3 or more charts which all agree on a trade, I increase my trade size.  This does not occur often.

I hope this helps because when I follow my rules absolutely to the letter, I may have some breakeven trades but few if any losses.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Thanks Moonchild.

I really must admit I have much troubles in following rules. Especially when I see the market moving fast. I find myself chasing the market, ending up with losing trades. I have been demo rading from August till December last year. Then I opened a mini account. Did not do well. Abonded the system I was trading and got into this. Stochastics was one item of my former system and I allways got the feeling they tell allmost the whole story. especially when looking back the charts. Now I now it's different when there is a whole space in black left to the last bar .....

If you have written down your rules would you please be so kind as to send them over.

I hope you keep posting charts cuz they tell a lot too.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
I only trade on the 1 and 4 hour charts. I never look at the 5,15,30 minute charts. I don't have time during the day but even if I did I don't think I would.

I don't care about getting 10 pip trades. I'm looking at 50-100 pip setups.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Hi Imbiber,

I have some questions on this:What exactly is your entry strategy? Do you have the signals to occur when you are at home? Or do you have an alert system? Do you set a TP? Do you set a SL and is it trailing? I do have a regular job so I only can follow the markets when I am off work. I go to the lower time frames to learn to read the signals and act on them. It is hard enough to to that without getting emotionally involved. I still have to build confidence in the system. But I'ld really like to use it on the larger timeframes.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
I understand your not having time during the day to deal with short time frames but it may occur that you sometimes have the opportunity during the evening or holidays.  I have often gotten 40 to 80 pips from set ups on shorter time frames, not 5M, but from the 15M and 30M charts.  You might take a look sometimes.  If both the 15M and 30M agree, then the probability of the trade producing 50 pips or more is actually quite high.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
I could probably watch the 30 minute charts during the day. I'm going to see how that goes. So far I'm doing great with the 1 hour and 4 hour charts but I could see adding the 30 minute as a fine tuning signal for the entry.

How is everybody handling exits? I thought about exiting when the 5 crosses but that seems premature over my short backtest. Right now I'm trailing the trade and when I see a pullback I place my stop a little lower than the pullback. Only problem here is there will be pips left on the table if the pullback turns into a reversal.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
I suspect that I do not like to leave pips on the table any more than you do, but I have learned that more often than not in trying to get every pip, I ended up with fewer pips rather than more.  So now, as long as I get pips in a trade, I am happy.  Of course, more is better, but any are nice--and certainly better than losing some.

As to exiting trades, I find that if I use the 5 cross on the 5M chart, I leave very few pips behind.  The shorter the time frame I use the 5 on, the better my entries and exits.  I find 1M charts too hard to work with, but 5M charts leave very few pips behind.  Unless I am scalping I only use the 5M for entries, and exits.  And I have to be incredibly desperate or incredibly bored to scalp since it is not a way I like to trade.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Hi all,

I asked some questions in my postings today. I missed the PDF of Blackfeet. Now I've found it I see many of my questions are allready ansewered before. Just be reading a thread again through a PDF. Well, I will distill a trading plan from it and will try to write it down.

Thanks all, but if you still want to reply to my postings ... you're wellcome.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Sold on bounce off upper trend line and confirmation of Sexy Stochs.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
System chat open.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #381 ---
What is the address to the chat?

--- 帖子 #382 ---
It is in Paltalk.  Currency Trading the 15M Chart with Stochs.  It is under

Business and Finance/Day Trading/Stocks & Bonds.

pipsacker

Bagovino - How did your filters turn out?  Do you plan on releasing them?

--- 帖子 #383 ---
boxingislife,

THANKS for sharing this!

In your honor, I've created an indicator.

Attach it to a chart, then click through the different timeframes, and if conditions are set up in that timeframe, it will give the alert.

It will give an short alert when:

50 stoch is below the signal line

20 stoch is below the signal line

5 stoch is above 60

Gives long alert when:

50 is above signal

20 is above signal

5 is below 40

It will only give the alert one time per bar.

Hope you all can use this on this great strategy. If you don't like the 40 and 60 levels, it's easy to edit. I've given the source code, and the numbers 40 and 60 are only used once in there, just go in and change them.

Also attached my template.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Wow, this is AWESOME! THANK YOU! I tried to set it up so that I could also have the alert email me. What I did was:

At the very top, under your datetime, I added:

extern bool EmailAlert;

I'm not a programmer, but I was hoping that would be so I could make that input true or false. Then in your code, I added on the very next line below your "PlaySound" line, but still within the {} of the if statement of both long and short alerts:

if (EmailAlert==true) SendMail("Trade Alert!", "Check Your Charts!");

My question is, is there any way I could put either in the subject or body of the email this part:

Symbol()," ",Period()," min"

The commas make it too many parameters for a SendMail function, so I don't know how to do it??? Any idea???

Also, I was thinking of having an external bool of SoundAlert too so I can choose which to swich on or off (1 or both or neither).

What do you think of the suggestions??? I'm not trying to step on any toes or anything, and I really appreciate your efforts!!! Thanks again, this helps a lot!

I've been using this technique as a confirmation to enter trades with my other technique (a very modified version of the Pouria method on these forums). This'll help with not having to stare at the charts forever waiting ...

Hmmm, maybe I can add alerts to this same indicator for that too and have one bundle to alert me ... I'll have to work on that this weekend maybe ....

--- 帖子 #385 ---
I'm sure I'm doing it right, but I'm not getting any #$%##$ emails.  Maybe because the trading platform is shut down?  I dunno, it's giving the alerts just fine, it should be sending emails, too.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
It's trying to send emails but it says I need to authenticate my email server....

If you're currently set up to get emails, this should work for you.  Let me know.

Also added the sound switch

--- 帖子 #387 ---
I'm using the B-Line system from more than 4 years.

I suggest not to change the original parameters, they are quite perfect.

What you really need is thick bars, not minute bars. A thick bar is a bar comprised of, say, 100 thicks. This is waaaaaaaay better than minute bars, the signals are MUCH CLEARER. The system itself it is meant to be used on thick bars, and was developed on thick bars. Now it is being used on volume bars by buffy, but not on minute bars.

Of course one have to trash that joke of mt and use a serious charting app.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
So how do you propse to set the Stoch's???

B.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
What is the B-Line system?

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Good point. I demotraded a system for 6 months. Never made it to regular profits in a real account while I did very good in the demo. Now I went to this system a few weeks ago and try to implement it on a mini account. My main problem is sticking to the rules. Most bad trades come from "chasing the market" when it already moves ....

If you can really trade 80% winners like stated earlier in this thread then you should be real trading immediately ....

I aim at 60% winners and a profit to loss ratio of 1.5 to 1. On a $25000 account (no I do not have that amount for trading yet...) the POR is zero (according to Le Beau and Lucas in Computer Analysis of the Futures Martket.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
first off i want to thank everyone for their work on this system.

Great work guys

Can anyone explain what this means to a newbie

"What you really need is thick bars, not minute bars. A thick bar is a bar comprised of, say, 100 thicks. This is waaaaaaaay better than minute bars, the signals are MUCH CLEARER. The system itself it is meant to be used on thick bars, and was developed on thick bars"

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Looks good and works well except 2 small/quick things that I noticed and fixed.

Your alert for the "long" setup actually said "short" ... very minor there.

The other thing was you never put the if statement in for that email alert.  So that extern bool was never checked, another quick and easy fix

Other than that, it looks GREAT and seems to work well  Email works as soon as it's setup.  Thanks again for your efforts!

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Hello all,

While trying to implement this system I needed a summary of what has been said in this thread. I need a written down system so I can stick to the rules. I will PM the document to Boxingislife. I want his permission to post the document. Maybe he is willing to review it at first.

Furthermore I used, of course, comments of members of FF. If any one has a problem with publishing his ideas without referencing I can not post the document. So I will wait for reaction on this post till next wednesday.

The structure of the document will be as follows:
Introduction

The setup of the system

Taking trades

Advices

Stops and Exits

Which pairs

Overbought and Oversold

Multiple time frames

The thought sequence

Bundling of Stochastic

Examples of good entries

Examples of bad entries

Maybe the document can be used to point to when newbies arrive at this thread. I think it will speed them up in getting to know the system.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
All the trades I have posted and will be posting in the future have been from my live account.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Hi Boxingislife,

I trade in my real account and the charts I post are the charts I am trading from.  I usually update them after I close the trade with information about the number of pips I made.  I admit that sometimes I forget to do this.  I feel that this can be helpful for newbies to give them a feel for the relationship between the charts and the reality of the pips that can be made from them.  I would have appreciated someone doing this when I was starting.

I have been trading a variety of this system for over a year, so no need to trade on demo.  As long as I have at least 2 charts which agree (I prefer adjacent time frames) then I almost never fail.  If I have 3 time frames agreeing, then I increase the lots.

--- 帖子 #396 ---
That is very promising. How do you cope with 'emotions'? Does it need a very patience person to reach these levels of success? I keep having troubles while reacting to the movement of the market although the best entry is already gone. Have you ever had such problems?

I would be glad if you would eleborate on this. It would help me I guess.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Hello,

In order to get familiar with the system and find a method to stick to the rules I developed a matrix in which I can judge the phase of each timeframe.

From that I try to say what signals I should be looking for in a certain time frame. Then when I think a signal occurs I have to fill a blank sheet to be sure all criteria are met to enter a position in the particular time frame. Working this way I hope to eliminate entering trades because I think I see something or because I think something will happen. Like I read somewhere: "Trade what you see, not what you think".

I enclosed the sheet and will let you know within the coming weeks wether it works for me. Feel free to use it also or comment on it.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Maybe a good ride on USDCAD (but with week end, market have probably changed )

--- 帖子 #399 ---
I think that everyone has had problems (or is having problems) with chasing the market.  The question always comes down to how late is too late?  No real answer to that one.  This problem usually arises when there has been a 'dry' period with no really good trades to take.  Then there is a tendency to jump at a trade which is borderline rather than really good.  Trades tend to come in bunches, lots of good ones at once or only bad ones.

It does require patience and discipline.  I still sometimes violate my own rules for what appear at the time to be good reasons, but in retrospect were clearly not.  I often wonder at my decisions at those times.

The most important things to put up in large letters on the wall for me are:

1. follow the rules, follow the rules, follow the rules

2. it is more important to avoid a losing trade than to miss a winning trade

3. there will always be other good trades

These are the things I keep trying to remind myself of.  As long as I do those 3 things, I usually to great.  When I violate them, then well......

It does take patience, and remember that trades are winners or losers based on your time frame and drawdown tolerance.  You can trade the micro movements (scalping), the short term movements of 10 to 50 pips, the medium term movements of 50 to 100 pips or the long term movements of 100+ pips.  As in all matters, the greater the potential reward the greater the potential risk, therefore if you are willing to weather substantial drawdown (what would be losing trades for people trading shorter time frames) you can have winners for substantial pips when most are losing.

Personally I lack the patience for position trades.  I prefer day trading.  I rarely get more than 100 pips from a trade, but I also do not need huge stop losses, and if I follow my rules strictly I rarely have losses.

I do not know whether any of this will help you, I hope so.  These are things I think about all the time and try to keep reminding myself of.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Here ya go, Kozmo.  Good catches.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
This move looks as though it still has some steam, particularly since the spread is small with this pair.  The 30M while not particularly supportive is better than neutral, but is not good enough to trade on its own.

Also the daily chart looks exceptionally good.

Result of the trade is 29 pips but I got out because I expect a bounce and then plan to get back in short again.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
What do you think of the EUR/GBP for a buy setup???  Daily, 1hr, 30min, and 15min charts all look good, no?  Waiting for the 5 to come off the overbought areas and cross back up.  Or am I "forcing" this one?  lol ... think it'd be good using the 5min to enter?  I dunno ... opinions appreciated

--- 帖子 #403 ---
blueruby,

great alert but, If we miss the audio we will miss it for good. Can you add an arrow that will show up on the chart at the same time with the alert? as the arrow will stay on the chart we will be able to see when it happend and if we can still get in or not.

Thanks.

T.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Also looking at the AUD/JPY for a short??  Anyone else see what I see?

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Anyone thinkin short on GBP/CHF as well???  Man, I swear I'm forcing all this, lol ...

--- 帖子 #406 ---
I am short but I it is not strictly on the basis of stochastics.  The 1H and daily charts look nice, though.  I am including the daily chart.

I will also say that I am not sure how I will handle this since I do not like to hold a trade where the swap in against me.  I will just have to see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Long entry.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Your chart appears to be a 4H USD/JPY chart.  I just do not understand why it is so different from mine.

My chart does not indicate a good potential trade on this time frame.  The 20 appears to be turning down,  preparatory to a short entry at a later time.  The 1H chart is more consistent with a short in a very short time.

I just cannot understand why the 2 charts look so different.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Bad trade on my end.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
i enter the trade for long position on this pair, it turns out to be bad trade. anyway we need to keep the faith to the system..............

--- 帖子 #411 ---
sorry for asking stupid question,may i know how i going to get a "TRIX" indicator and price percentage oscillator (PPO)??

Thanks

--- 帖子 #412 ---
If you refer to post 401, you can see that you could have gone short and kept faith with the system. There were good set ups for short on the 1H and daily charts.

Avoiding bad trades is one of the main reasons why I want to see confirmation  of a good set up on 2 or more charts.  It is not a guarantee but it does reduce the risk.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Yes, Moonchild

If you allow me I 100% agree with you. Why, please, don't you come with us (we are not quite numerous) on PallTalk. I think you would be quite helpfull. TIA

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Thank you for the invitation.  I might drop in if you give me directions.  I do have PalTalk downloaded but I have never used it.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Hi,Moonchild

Thks for your kind interest.

The PallTalk guy is Pipsaker.

He (p26 #382) stated :

"It is in Paltalk. Currency Trading the 15M Chart with Stochs. It is under

Business and Finance/Day Trading/Stocks & Bonds."

I hope we will see you there.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
hey everyone

im still around but im in college everyday of the week so im pretty busy and for anyone who pmed me ill respond hopefully tonight or tomorrow and for anyone else that has questions pm me or email me and ill try and help out

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Hi all,

Boxingislife reviewed the document and he approved posting. I've seen most of the members who actively post in the thread have logged in and have not complained about them quoting. So I will not wait till wednesday but post it now.

Feel free to use it to your benefit.

All the best,

Forexpiet

--- 帖子 #418 ---
I usually look for adjacent time frames with consistent patterns or at least not conflicting.

In the case of cable at present, the daily, 1H and 15M are down, the 4H and 30M are up.  No idea which way this is likely to go.  The charts give me no clue.

Might as well toss a coin.

Just take a look at the 4H chart, it could not look more promising for a long position.  The daily and 1H charts however conflict and show a downward pattern.  I would not trade this chart, no matter how great it looks.  I will just wait for the pair to start moving and then climb on the move.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Moon,

I feel your pain... I have no idea what to do. So I know what to do... STAY OUT!!!!

Bago

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Nice one on the GBP/JPY. Making up for my losses last night.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
My last post was for the purpose of demonstrating the risks of using just one chart to determine the direction of a trade.  In this case, there were good looking setups for trades in both directions, and the best looking showed a trade in a direction contrary to the move which started shortly thereafter.  If you consistently look for 2 adjacent time frames which show consistent trades or at least one showing a good trade and the other neutral, you have a much higher probability trade.

Is there some problem with the chat room tonight?  I could not find it in the list of chat rooms.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hi Moonchild,

Chat opens at London start.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #423 ---
You might see me logged in even at night but it's because the app stays open on my work PC, i'm not at the office from 18-19(Gmt+1) to 9AM

Edit : btw i have started a blog on my trade (only viewable by me ) i advice everyone who use this trading technique to open a blog and post screenshot of the setup you followed with the confirming higher TF . This will definitely helps you to follow your trade and also understand what are good and bad trade.

I am allmost up 20% in one month and that could have been much better if i could have not sleep huhu

Until Bagovino give us some feedback on his filtering

--- 帖子 #424 ---
just thought id brag a bit

192 pips on gbpchf

--- 帖子 #425 ---
I think this one still has some legs.

The 1H looks god, 4H is not bad, 30M is neutral to decent but not tradeable on its own.

The trade produced 49 pips and might have produced more if the NZD had not had some positive news.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
yummy, i like what i see on my screen after dinner

long EURGPB : +3

short EURCHF : +14

short EURJPY : +18

short GPBJPY : +34 (and this is after more than 100 pips allready taken)

Edit : 4/21/43/80

There is not so many trading technique that such a good win/loss ratio

--- 帖子 #427 ---
I can't find that, What was it ?

Thanks

Mart

--- 帖子 #428 ---
he said in one post that he was trying to implement some filtering but did not present it yet, i have tried myself but cant find one yet

--- 帖子 #429 ---
im gonna brag some more but non trading lol

3 chicks ive met my first week of college. actually my week of registering and stuff

now its hte second week and well im at the point where i can pick which one i want  its pretty good stuff

i got an 18 a 19 and a 20 year old.

a lebanese that i really clicked with and got a class with and she gives me rides home after we finish for the day. pretty cute very much my type skinny and a brunette. we talk alot and we understand each other pretty well

another lebanese but use to live in texas. very hot and lives in the dorms. shes got a class with me too and i see her in the mornings and thats when we hang out.

an australian thats also very hot lol. i decided to talk to her after i saw her checkin me out like a million times and were gonna hang out this weekend.

so guys help a brotha out and pick one for me. i should have a poll goin on lol

i think im leanin towards the first one. her name is sasha

ps: im gonna make a post about trading the daily chart. thats how i got my 192 pips on gbpchf so expect it in the next few days and its gonna be really good for people who dont have much time to trade during the day. thats pretty much me now i just trade the daily chart till i get my schedule in order some more.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
we need picture to decide

Daily chart and H4 chart can give reaaaally awsome results but drawndown might also be huge

Yet i got a nice 300 pips on £Yen today

I think i'm off the chart now. I'v made 10K$ out of a 56k$ account so my day is done

--- 帖子 #431 ---
congrats

too bad i dont have pictures

but

1st one the lebanese: shes prob a 7 outa 10

the second one almost 10 outa 10  she is way hot

the australian is a 8 outa 10

i think im gonna go with the first one coz i clicked the most with her.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
You know... I come to your thread for the first time in a while to catch up on what is going on and then I see this. :surprised

Haha . Well, I personally would choose the one that would get along best with my mother. Aside from that, stay away from the Aussie. I like thin but not skinny.. you know like not Paris Hilton. People from Texas make me nervous... so mystery girl number 1 does sound the best. She is also the only one you mentioned by name so I would go with your gut and choose her.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
haha kevin dude i should always listen to u

actually shes the only one that met my mom so far and my mom liked her and well my mom doesnt just like anybody but she gave me her blessings

ya no paris hilton for me but sasha got a very nice body

ill pm u in a second. sorry i havent gotten a chance lately

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Ya know, I was in short on that too yesterday (as well as the AUDJPY, and long on the EURGBP).  The AUDJPY closed me out for 15 pips yesterday and the other two stopped me out.  If I only had bigger stops, I would've banked big time on those (I posted about those three not long ago).

So I know I'm making the "right call" at least, and seeing the big picture, but my question now is when did you get in that trade and how big of stops are you using???  I guess 30pips just won't cut it, eh?  I'm happy I at least made the right call, even if I lost off it due to incorrect stoploss.

Any help on better stoplosses will be much appreciated!!

(Also looking forward to the "daily" strategy, since that's what I'm leaning towards myself (with 4h and maybe 1h just for entry?), but definitely goin to need better stops for that as well!)

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Why restrict yourself to just one?

Go with all 3. Have fun. Get to know them all better, what they are really like. You might get a surprise.

Good luck.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #436 ---
This trade is a bit on the late side but may still have some room to go.  This pair is really quite good at staying overbought or oversold for long periods of time.

There is a resistance at 233.73, but that is quite far off.  There is a mildly rising trendline from this morning which agrees with the stochastics.

The 1H chart and 30M chart both say up.  The trendline says up.  There is a DBHC in the last closed bar on the 1H chart.  I am taking this trade although I think that I should have done so earlier, but I got so disgusted with what was going on the market that I had gone to sleep.

Trade results:  by buying when the 5 crossed at the bottom (more or less oversold) on the 5M chart and selling when the 5 crossed at the top (more or less overbought) I got in 3 trades for 27, 18 and 14 pips.  Total of 59 pips.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Attachment obviously was not attached well enough and got left behind.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Those are good problems to have, Boxinglife! If her Daddy's got an oil well in the backyard then that would be my pick.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Moon- A couple of hours ago you stated the following: I think you are bored!

So very sensible. I have been out for the past 8 hours because I just cannot get in tune with what is going on. It just does not make much sense to me at present. I can come up with a very credible scenario for almost any move that might occur. Net result, no trading.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
I was bored and frustrated.  The next time I looked, I saw something tradeable and traded it.  I have 'banked' 27 pips on long GBP/JPY and am currently waiting out a dip.  I will go long again shortly when the dip turns up again.  I suspect a short-lived dip.

That dip looks as though it is trying to get finished in record speed which is also consistent with a good move, up in this case, so I definitely want to go up with it.

I try to trade only when I can make sense of what is happening and can find confirmation more than 1 way for a trade.  The forex market can change very fast and go from offering high probability trades to offering s--t, and in this case the opposite occurred.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
I follow all of your posts with great admiration.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
H4 and D1 are saying : nooooooooooo that's a baaaaaad trade on long term view ... But maybe good for a short time trade

--- 帖子 #443 ---
That's what I was thinking. I'm wanting to get long on the yen pairs but the four hour chart is leaving me scratching my head. Maybe I'm missing something.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
That trade is working well for me.  So far +27 and +18.  I am currently out letting it dip and will get back in at the bottom of the dip.  Not bad pips for this time of day, plus also this is Wednesday and the swap was a nice bonus.  Since I do not consider this a safe long term trade, I am getting out whenever it is at risk of dipping, even if it means missing out on a few pips.  Safer that way.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
a good trader never look at what he leaves on the table but what he feels in his stomach

--- 帖子 #446 ---
A good eater never look at what on his plate only how is stomach feel

--- 帖子 #447 ---
word of advice for everyone. id stay out of the market especially with the yen pairs till things make more sense. if the yen pairs break lower then we might be seeing a good retracement or possibly a change in trend. a few pages back i said i have a feeling the yen pairs might change direction soon because they were lookin very weak with bigger and bigger pullbacks.  if the uptrend on the yen pairs resume just keep buying the pullbacks. but for now i suggest u guys stay out till u see if the uptrend continues or if the trend has officially changed

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Hi boxingislife

I was introduced to your thread three days ago.  I spent the first night reading and understanding what you have written and spent the last two days trading the system.

I am a full-time forex trader and use the Kolachi Method.  Recently I started to develop some poor trading habits and, while it is still early days, it seems that your system is just what I needed to compliment my current approach.

In the last two days I have made 8 winning live trades for a total of +196 pips and 1 loser for -18pips (my stop was too tight and would have worked too!).  When I read your thread I was so impressed I traded live immediately!

I am very grateful to you for you honest approach and for your desire to share and help others.

For me I see one challenge when trading your system... I have followed your advice and use H4, H1 and M15.  I know it is early days yet and I hope my experience with this system improves but right now I am seeing contradictory signals on some charts between H4 and H1.  In these situations I rather go with the H4 direction until H1 is back in sync with H4.

These past two days have seen some amazing runs on the charts and I am very excited to keep using your approach as part of my own.

Finally - about university and the good life... work hard and play hard!  Enjoy your time while you are there and try not to settle down with a serious girl for a while - just play the field and experience life!  I was where you are now 20 years ago... its all good!

Thanks again.

Cheers

Shaun

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Moonchild,

So are you taking the long term trend from the 1hr... Say it's up, then go to the 5 min and wait for that to get long and you take the trade?

Just trying to understand how you took the last few trades you mentioned.

FXjourney,

I'm having the same problem with the contradictions. How are you handeling it? I used to trade Kolachi as well. Is that how you are still trading coupled with the "Sexy Stochs"?

Bago

--- 帖子 #450 ---
I am determining my direction (I hate to call it trend since it may be a direction which only lasts a few hours) from any 2 or more charts from 15M to daily.  In practice I mostly use the 30M, 1H and 4H charts.  Then I use the 5 stochastic on the 5M chart to determine entries and exits and I use it  for all of the trading if I suspect that the direction may not last.  In that case I trade between the upper and lower crosses of the 5.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Do you notice the contradictions between the 4hr and 1hr? It seems to disagree more than agree... How do you handle that?

B.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
shaun thanks for the kind words and yea im tryin to take it easy and enjoy life.

to answer urs and bago's question looking at different timeframes well this is how u can look at it. if the 1h is pointing down and its the right time of day and all this stuff and a setup is forming then take the trade. the 4h chances are its flat or pointing down too. if its pointing up then just ignore the trade. dont let it confuse u and stress u. now u can be more aggressive and say trade the 1h if its pointing down and everything is right but the 4h is different. chances are the trade will be successful but with a small amount of pips and u prob need to watch it most of the time and get out with a small profit.

i hope this helps a bit guys but i can assure u this stuff will come with experience

ps: 1h gbpjpy could be a nice short. im goin in. same with eurjpy but be careful with yen pairs like i said who knows if the trend has changed or what the deal is so just enter with a small amount.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
First, I need to have 2 time frames which agree, preferably adjacent ones, but if I have 1 very good looking chart I will accept the adjacent one being neutral.  I do not concern myself with other time frames at that point.

You can have a long trade which you plan to hold to 1 to 2 hours, and at the same time have a short trade which you intend to hold for a day and have both of them close with a profit.

As you know what happens on the short term may have very little to do with what occurs on the long term.  Very occasionally you get a picture where all the charts are going in the same direction.  That is worth its weight in gold because it is a virtual guarantee of success, unfortunately this happens very rarely.

If I am planning a medium to long term trade I do not concern myself overly with the short time frames except to use for my entry.  With short term trades the long term charts only tell my how "safe" my trade is which determines whether I stay in it for bounces or dips or exit each time, wait out the bounce or dip and get back in.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Moonchild or Boxing,

Last question.... (Until I have another one...)

When you say adjacent time frames matching up, do you mean: 4hr and 1hr match then trade the signal off the 5min? 1hr and 30 min match..... or 30 min and 15 match...? So if the 4 hr and 15 min are going the same way you would not consider that an adjacent time frame right? And wouldn't consider that a trade?

I hope I was clear. I confused myself when I read it back!

B.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
It is clear.  I do not believe that Boxing uses multiple time frames, but I do.

No, I would not take a trade in which I had a matching signal on the 4H and 15M but with all the other time frames having opposite signals.  That is just my way of trading any signal.  I am happiest and most confident when I have more than 2 adjacent signals agreeing.

I have a custom indicator that I use for range trading in which I need a particular set of 3 time frames to agree for me to take a trade.  The 3 time frames are different for different pairs, and one pair I only use 2 time frames.  I have learned that no matter what indicators or system you use, if you use more than 1 time frame your chances of success are much higher.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Moon,

I agree. I always look at multiple time frames. Would you mind sharing this custom indicator your talking about?

B

--- 帖子 #457 ---
It is a very nice indicator which is ONLY useful when a pair is ranging.  Unfortunately it is not mine to share.  It was given to me by the creator in exchange for helping him, but I know that otherwise he sells it.  I have no idea how or where or for how much.  Under the circumstances I cannot share it.  It is called Rubber band and you will sometimes see it on the charts I post and it uses BBs and the indicator itself resembles MACD but is used totally differently.

I do not use it in the way it was originally designed to be used, but since last summer I added stochastics to it and that improved the performance of the system significantly.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hi Bago

Yes, I use Kolachi as my main method and am now looking at including the "Sexy Stochs" as an indicator that confirms the trend for me.

Once I have a clear trend I check the Kolachi Moving Averages for best setups and take it from there.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Hi All,

I have dropped the 15M from the chat name -  everyone seems to be using different time frames.  The chat is now called  "Currency Trading the Charts with Stochs."

Come visit - see you there next week.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #460 ---
i use multiple time frames. who said i dont?

--- 帖子 #461 ---
one more great day for me (thanks for the GPB/Yen, this pair likes me  )

only one -200$ trade the rest is positive with in particular one 1700$ for a good 100 pips  in one hour ) but could have been even better with another 2000$+ but i got cut out by my trailing stop EA not set up properly

Boxingislife, i think you have a very very good trading technique here. I am really gratefull for you to have shared it.

I'm still trying to see if i can find a filter for exit and eventualy for setup not working.

For exit, i think HeikanAshi MA should do a good job for exit but i need to work on that, i look also on 5 cross which seems ok as well but it is far from perfect.

For entry, i want to do a matrix to see confirming period but i'm going on holiday next week and will not have a PC by hand to work on the chart.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Been needing to learn how to do arrows.  Probably real simple.  I'll work on it.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
As far as I can tell from your system as presented, you do not require that at least 2 adjacent time frames concur, or at least do not diverge, I do.  When you refer to a potential trade you refer to one time frame and do not seem to require validation with another, you certainly never mention it.  I never assume that someone does something unless they state it, and as far as I can tell you have not, unless I somehow missed it, although I thought that I had read all of the posts.  Thus, I did not want to represent what I do as being exactly what you do, but rather just presenting it as my personal way of using stochastics.  I have presented my own 'adaptation' in this thread since you seemed to be encouraging us to do this.  I will desist from doing so in the future if this is objectionable.

The fact is that whatever indicator or most system I have used, I apply it to more than 1 time frame and require at least 2 to agree in order for a set up to be considered tradeable.  As long as I conscientiously follow this rule I very rarely lose.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
ur right moonchild to an extent though. when i talk about a setup in the making/potential trade i usually check another time frame or the main/longer term trend for some more confirmation but i dont really talk about it and ur right about that

no hard feelings  uve been a great contribution to the thread. keep it up

--- 帖子 #465 ---
First, I do not know whether this is the same indicator that I am referring to, although I would imagine that there is a high probability that it is.

Second, the indicator with no instructions as to its use is quite literally of no use, so I hope that your indicator comes with instructions.  The indicator is designed to be used in conjunction with BBs in a particular way.  As for myself, I have refined the entries and exits by adding stochastics to my chart.

If this is the same indicator, and but do not have instructions as to its use (this is supposed to come with the indicator) I will help you with those since I believe that that falls within what would be ethical for me to do.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
I removed it so not to cause any problems. AHA(HUA) doesn't mind sharing the executable. He's got his head so far up OrangeRoshans behind you may not be able to find him around here. Aw!! Heck it's warmed up to 12 degrees outside, Enough FF for today. Enjoy

--- 帖子 #467 ---
It just made it up to 18 degrees here, you must live 'just down the road'.  We have had only 2 days above freezing in the past 4+ months.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
I think i have something for filtering look at this chart.

Settings for nonlagmaV5 are 0-10-0-3-1-0

I have also HAMA on for trend following but this is for the exit.

I will go skying in the french Alps next week (no PC, no internet access) so if anyone has time to try some other settings, go for it as i just found this filtering, i do not have the time to do further testing (allready allmost midnight in France)

It is not perfect (there is not such thing as a perfect filter anyway), but it seems to do a pretty good job

chart 4 is another example on a different TF

chart 5 shows how it is not perfect (but in this case, the 50 are not really in uptrend and the SAR are above the quote ) But maybe the TF is too short ?

Anyone has a ranging indicator by hand ?

--- 帖子 #469 ---
I know all about you!!! I follow all of your postings. Thanks for sharing!!

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Thank you for reading them, but I honestly did not think that they were that memorable.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
You are very insightful and lots of experience, a tape reader if I recall. I was surprised to find you spending so much time in this thread. There must be something to it so Here I am plotting multiple stochastics. If we can catch the YEN retreat in a timely manner, we will have a memorable month. What are your thoughts? Best way to catch the upmoves which are coming sooner than later I suspect?

--- 帖子 #472 ---
You see, I am retired and can do what I please when I please.  I am a dinosaur from pre-PC days and the most useful indicators for me are multiple stochastics in all markets and a combination of Rubber band and stochastics in ranging markets only.

It took me a while to get used to using indicators and even after I started learning about them, I ended up last fall for 2 months with a computer so ancient that it could not handle putting much on charts and would not even allow me to have more than one window open  at a time.  I could not have my email program open or FF at the same time as my platform and I could not even put the Rubber band indicator on the platform.  So I basically went back to the old way of trading and it was like the 80's revisited, but it still worked.  Even with a state of the art computer, I am still restricted by a dialup with connection speed usually between 24 and 26 (what can you expect when you live in a frozen wasteland?).  I look at most indicators and systems which get posted to FF and most of them I discard fairly rapidly, and I keep coming back to stochastics and Rubber band as the most reliable systems other than naked charts to trade.  But this is just what suits me and that does not mean that they are necessarily the best way for everyone to trade.

My past includes being a University instructor as well as being a physician.  If you are aware of the original intent of the term, you know that physicians were meant to be teachers, and that is how I saw my role (except when doing surgery).

What I have tried to do in this thread is to teach others in order for them to be able to avoid some of the very costly errors I have made.  One of the big differences between humans and animals is our ability to learn from the experience of others.

Trading is serious because it can result in the loss of serious amounts of money if you are trading a live account.  On the other hand, we must never lose our sense of humour or our ability to make fun of ourselves and what happens to us--we need to remain able to laugh at ourselves.  Please always feel free to have a laugh at my expense because I will join you.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Great- Now if you could tell AHA to chill out and have a good laugh. He's all up in arms over my comments. It should be expected I suppose. I think anyone who attempts to sell an indicator for the MT4 platform should be disciplined or even shot because everyone shares in this open society. As we know, HUA copied the code for the Rubberband form the original author.  Maybe I should have said AHA has been taken over by the Orange force. Actually, I never found much use for the RB even after exhaustive reading from the manual. Oh well- no harm intended- thanks for the remarks.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hua is NOT selling the indicator for MT.  He adapted the indicator originally set up for the CMS platform and shared it privately with a trading group.  The restriction on sharing it outside of the group is mine, not his, since it is in keeping with the wishes of the creator.  In this. Hua has no choice, nor do I, and it was shared with the group on the understanding that it was to stay within the group.

When someone creates an indicator it is their choice and their decision as to what is to be done with it.  It is not for anyone else to agree or disagree with his decision.  The creator can give it freely, limit distribution or sell it.  The creator of this indicator has chosen to sell it, therefore it is unethical for anyone acquiring it to disseminate it because that is just another form of theft.

As to using the manual, I have adapted it and my trading rules are in important ways very different from those originally given with the indicator.

I hope that this clarifies the situation and that we can now all go on to more important and interesting things, like TRADING.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Agreed. As long as Nathan is aware of the situtaion everything is fine. The markets are closed until tomorrow

--- 帖子 #476 ---
I have always felt that the reason the market was closed on Saturday is because we need a day a week to review charts and plan our strategy for next week.

I am frustrated today because the only chart I can access on my platform is fiber.  For some reason all the other charts are blank.  This is not normal  or desirable because I usually spend Saturday going over charts, reviewing what I did right and wrong last week and planning for next week.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
JokersWild,

There are a few things that were not true in your post, even though you said sorry in private, but I have to respond to it to clear them out in public.

First I did not "all up in arms over your comments". Here is my PM, you may verify this.

Second of all, as Liz said, I don't want to sell it. Liz was using the system, which was a gift from Nathan, she shared it with me and a group of friends last year, I made an indicator for this perticular group of traders to make their lives easier. That's all. Your post seems to let others to believe that I am selling it and wasn't disciplined/smart enough to keep the trade secret. That wasn't me. Have to clear this out because I do have partners and don't want them to think I am loose on that.

Finally, I wrote the indicator (MT4) line by line, starting from scratch. The algorithm was created based on the equations from Nathan's pdf. I did not copy any code from anyone. Liz told me that there were no rubberband indicator for MT4 available at the time, that 's why I coded it. Liz advised me to contact Nathan and sell the indicator (including source code) to him but I was too busy and did not have the time to do that. Honestly, if Nathan has gotton hold of my source code or executables and are using it in his business, he should contact me for authorization, or rewrite one.

That's all I have to say about the Rubberband indicator.

You also mentioned twice about me being taken over by Orange force, sounds like some evil force (I haven't been around for a while, is this widely accepted in FF community now? ). I have to clear it out that Orange is my friend and mentor on TA trading and I can finally make 100+ pips a day from time to time and can make positive pips almost every day. I wasn't able to do that before. Thanks to him. Evil? not to me.

Wish you succeed in your trading and life. Peace.

aha

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Box, Moon, and anyone else using multiple tfs . . .

Okay, clarification please. The value of multiple tfs is obvious, but please clarify for me what constitutes "agreement". Are you basically looking for the 5's to be crossed and heading in the same direction. Does it have to be all of the stocs (5, 20, and 50)?

I'm looking back at some charts and see some good trades when the longer term chart fits Box's rules, but the adjacent chart only has the 5 moving in the same direction. I guess what I'm asking is how much in agreement do the multiple tfs have to be?

--- 帖子 #479 ---
I can only tell you how I personally do things.  What I will say does not necessarily apply to the way anyone else uses multiple time frames.

I look for agreement between adjacent time frames.  Actually what I want to see is the 20 and 50 going in the same direction on both.  I will pay most attention to the direction of the 5 on the lower time frame.  If I have a very strong chart on one time frame and a neutral chart on the adjacent ones, then I may still trade the set up.  The ideal set up has all the stochs in agreement on 3 charts (yes, that really does happen sometimes) in which case I do not remember ever losing on the trade and I have learned to throw money management away when it does happen that way because I have learned that such set ups are as close to a guaranteed win as you will ever see in forex.

Remember that this is just my opinion and it is solely based on my own past experiences--no 2 people will look at the same charts and see quite the same thing.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
After rereading what I wrote, I realized that I should warn you of my personal biases.  The biggest one is that I REALLY do not like to lose trades and I will happily forgo winning trades in order to avoid losing ones.

Lately I have had only 1 trade (that is in quite a few weeks and I am a very active trader) which lost when I was following my trading rules.  The problem is that I need to learn to slap myself when I even consider a trade which does not follow my trading rules.  Still, I am up more than 70% during the past week.   I think I will have Mailboxes-are-us, or whatever they call themselves, print my trading rules up on a poster with letters 12 inches high.  That way I will not have the excuse of trading late at night without my glasses on and not being able to read them from a distance.  We all sometimes need to protect ourself from ourself.

At any rate, the more agreement you have between 2 charts the more likely the trade is to succeed and when you have virtually identical charts in 3 time frames you really have a winner.  Basically you want all of the stochastics heading in the same direction.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Anyone wants to comment what i have posted above ?

--- 帖子 #482 ---
What post are you referring to?

--- 帖子 #483 ---
I spend Saturdays studying charts and planning strategy for the next week.  Unfortunately I am only able to access 1 chart on my broker's platform this weekend--fiber.

Looking at this chart, I find that the stochastics look as though, if I project ahead what they will shortly be looking like, there may be a shorting opportunity on the 5M, 15M and 4H charts, but not on the 30M or 1H charts.  Looking at my Rubber band indicator I see a set up for a possible 50 pips. This is in line with trading the 5M and 15M chart since I usually expect a set up on those 2 to produce somewhere around 30 to 50 pips, sometimes more.  Price action (my old standby) suggests a short on the daily chart.

It looks as though I may be taking a short on Sunday.  If it is still looking good after the 50 or so pips, and if the stochastics are favourable at that point, I may stay with the trade, particularly in light of what price action is suggesting.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Hi moonchild

Thank you for sharing your thoughts on this. Please excuse the ignorance ... which pair is known as 'fiber'?

Would like to view the timeframes as per your post to get a view but not sure which pair it is!

Thanks

Shaun

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Since MChild appears offline and to save you wating, Fiber = EUR/USD.

{because the Exchange Rate is/was transported via Fiber Optic Cable.}

{Cable = GBP/USD because the Rate was originally  transported via the Transatlantic Copper Cable}

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Thank you Bemac - that is very informative!  I often refer to gbp/usd as 'cable' but was not sure why.  Now I understand for both cable and fiber!

Thanks!

Shaun

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Thank you for helping, Bemac.  I live in GMT-9 so that it is still very early here, and a Sunday, so yes, I was sleeping.  I catch  up on my sleep on weekends and during  asian session.

"Work" (the market) will start again in a few hours and this week there may be interesting trading on Sunday involving the yen pairs.  If I trade on a Sunday, it is usually only yen, aussie and kiwi pairs.  I have caught yen pair moves of 60 or more pips on Sundays.  By checking the weekend data at a real time service, it is possible to see that GJ (poundyen) is currently at 227.95 which is the 38.2 retracement of the recent move down which began on 23 January and the pair has been as low as 224.17 and as high as 234.68 (if one excludes a spike which was even higher).  This is not what I had been expecting the pair to do, so I will see what direction it takes when the market reopens to the public but with this much movement over the weekend, there is good reason to expect a lot of movement today.

Fiber (I am lazy and it is easier and faster to type than the official designation for the pair) may start moving down tonight (my night, anyway) although I may not wait for tonight to enter.  Currently this pair and cable are about where they were at Friday's close.  EJ (euroyen) is currently has moved in a manner similar to GJ, obviously both moves being due to the yen half of the pairs.

Today's trading may prove very interesting.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
im so beat

been snowboardin all day

i pulled off a nice 180 over a little drop it was awesome

sorry i havent done the post about trading the daily charts but i will prob on tuesday or something.

guys im reading some stuff about selling indicators and some arguments and problems please keep em to a minimum its unecessary and i dont want my thread to become one dealing with personal arguments and stuff. thank you

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Snowboarding in Lebanon?  I have had many lebanese friends and do not remember any of them mentioning skiing or snowboarding or snow in Lebanon.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Eur/Cad looks to be setting up on the 4 hour

--- 帖子 #491 ---
I am already short but I am unable to access charts for this pair at present due to some problem with the platform.

What do the 1H and daily look like?

The fact that fiber seems to be ready to drop will tend to propel this pair down.  Fiber is the one chart I can access.  So a EUR/CAD drop is likely in any case.

I would be interested in knowing whether either of the adjacent charts offers corroboration or is at least neutral.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
You tell me- Moon

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Thank you for posting the charts.

MY interpretation, for what it is worth, is that the daily is basically neutral and it looks as though the 1H is turning neutral on the medium term but the slow stochastic which reflects more immediate movement is very overbought and about to turn down.

All of this coupled with what I see on fiber convinces me that my short is quite safe.  It takes a while to the daily chart to change, but we could find the 1H turning down in the near future.  Then the whole picture would be telling me to add to my short position since I think there is more to be made there than on fiber.

Your addition of the EURCHF chart is helpful because it further validates a move south by fiber and for that matter EURCAD.

It is rare for me to leave a position open over the weekend, but I am glad that I did it.

This is how I interpret what I see.  I do not claim to be right or to know more than any of the rest of you.  In fact, none of us really KNOW anything about what is going to happen, we just have a lot of opinions.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
yea lebanon is quiet  famous for its snowy mountains in the winter. we got a few ski resorts and prob the most out of the countries nearby

lots of snow too sometimes it gets so cold that it snows in the suburbs of beirut(the hills) and the mountains are usually covered from december till about may

--- 帖子 #495 ---
This is one of the pairs which I will trade on Sundays.

The 30M, 1H and 4H charts are all turning south.  I am just waiting for a good entry on the 5 stoch on 5M chart.

Check out the 1H and 4H charts and you will see what I mean.  You might also consider this an interesting trade.  You can also check out the AUD/USD charts which are dropping nice but are just starting a small bound (like AUD/NZD) and if you look at NZD/USD, it is more or less flat, so these charts also correspond to a dropping AUD/NZD.

I hope that you had marvelous snow boarding this weekend.  I could snowboard off the mounds of snow the were moved out of the way to make the driveway passable and have been getting harder and harder to see over all winter.  Luckily the house is off the ground a few feet or we would not be able to see over them at all.

This is one of my trades which did not work out.  At first I thought that it was because of the Aussie news but later decided that it was because of Kiwi weakness.  In any case, everybody sometimes has losses.  My loss on this trade was 50 pips.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Hello all

I'm new to this thread and I like what i see. I went through this thread twice and I think its coming to me.

Anyone see a eurusd setup on the 4hr? I can't confirm it with the 1hr.

Any thoughts?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Good call Moonchild!  Just turned on the PC to see that price did indeed move lower.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Hello,

Is this a valid sell signal (still in the making) for ED?

Thanks for any comments.

FP

--- 帖子 #499 ---
nah... wait for 3185 failure...

R

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Just bought on EURJPY. I hope to make 10+ pips

Do you see a problem based on the system discussed here? It looked like a good trade for me...

http://dash.ionblast.net/forex/pics/trade1.JPG

--- 帖子 #501 ---
to reply to myself: it was indeed a good trade I just closed at +18 after 15mins because the M5 chart was not looking good.

PS: I forgot to say that I was working on the M15 chart

--- 帖子 #502 ---
The 30M chart looks good, the 1H chart is neutral to slightly up and may improve.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Trade results from #483, fiber short.  This trade produced 78 pips.

This is a pair I rarely trade since it is so miserly with pips.

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Very nice looking 15M chart, and the 30M looks almost as good.

Despite using only the 15M and 30M charts, you may be surprised how many pips this trade may produce.

I should probably mention that the GBP/JPY charts look almost identical and in general that produces 50% to 80% more pips than EUR/JPY.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
I've just made a SELL on EUR-JPY. It was risky because all stochs are in the neutral territory, I did put a +12 T/P, I don't expect much from that one...

http://dash.ionblast.net/forex/pics/trade2.JPG

--- 帖子 #506 ---
I've been very lucky on this one : The price went EXACTLY to my T/P then the trend changed and the price rised very quickly, it was really a risky trade! I should not try that again.

http://dash.ionblast.net/forex/pics/trade3.PNG

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Geppy showed a great setup earlier. Also, there were some great set ups on the 1 hour charts yesterday but sadly I just watched and didn't pull the trigger.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
According to "the rules", this entry should be considered risky, no? I mean, the 20 and the 50 Stochs are a bit too low to consider a buy. Or am I mistaken ?

--- 帖子 #509 ---
right to a pip...

I'm not fiber short.

R

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Moonchild, how did you get all the stocastics into the same window?

im using interbank at the moment and cant seem to do that

--- 帖子 #511 ---
I use NF so the operations may be different. In the table of indicators, when you select the Stochastic, don't just double click on it and make its settings. Instead highlight and drag it into the window with the other stoch.

Other indicators you may have to adjust the Apply To section to First Indicator. Though not with stoch.

Hope this helps you.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Raczekfx,

Beautiful call on Forexpiet's question (#498).  Failure at 3185 was your answer!  And that was a good distance away from his tentative entry.  Any special tricks to share?

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Just did a SELL on EUR/GPB, I expect 10pips from this (well 13 with spread)

http://dash.ionblast.net/forex/pics/trade4.PNG

--- 帖子 #514 ---
sure.. pull a daily chart and draw fib ret from feb 27 to mar 5.

check where 61 falls.

_______

daily rules

--- 帖子 #515 ---
I'm wondering. In my post #498 I think the position of the stochastic is more in line with 'the rules' then at the moment of reaching 3185. I must admit this level was mentioned by Raczekfx. May way of coming to this figure is by means of fib retracements. But what about the stochastics rules then???????

FP

--- 帖子 #516 ---
quick 5m trade with the 5m stoch 20 & 50 up but not crossed & the 5m, 15m & 1h stoch 5 crossed its signal line.

Steve

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Can someone create a Sexy Stoch indicator to download? Life would be much easier!!!

Bag

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Posts 229/230 and 383.  Take your pick, mine seems to give false signals at times, but it's just a quick and dirty helper, indications should always be verified anyway.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
I was talking about this post :

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=468

I see that you use HAMA now

I have attached my template

Ps : i have lost my glasses on the slope

Pss : it seems that the screenshot i have posted are not really viewable due to the size restriction :-/ You can see on the post under this one a clearer picture

--- 帖子 #520 ---
The filter i found would have say no...

--- 帖子 #521 ---
I agree with your filter.

The 20 is above the 50 and both are basically heading up.  Under these circumstances the 5 is not reliable to trade.  While you can trade an isolated 5 (direction not in agreement with 20 and 50) on 1M and 5M charts, it is not a good idea to do this on the longer time frames.  At present, I do not see a signal to trade, particularly when I look at the other time frames, most of which are neutral.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
I have included the 4H and daily charts.

The 4H chart shows the 20 and 50 already heading downward although the 5 is already below the 20% level.  The daily chart shows the 20 and 50 about to turn down while the 5 has only traveled about 1/4 of the way down to the 20% level.

The red line represents the daily support

--- 帖子 #523 ---
trading on nfp day?

come on guys whether its before it or after it happens forget it close ur computers and start ur weekend. if ur that desperate to trade, do it on a demo. i personally dont even bother anymore with nfp week or whether it was a good signal or not.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
got it stockkjay thanks

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Can you post this indicator please?   I couldn't find where to download this!  Thanks

--- 帖子 #526 ---
here it is :

--- 帖子 #527 ---
What do you people think about this pair going into this week? 1hr shows up trend with price consoladating over the last 4 or 5 days. Ma's are trending up although pretty close together with the 5 already crossed. 4hr shows similar. Could be a buy setup huh?

--- 帖子 #528 ---
melpheos:
Do you know what the 3 colors mean on the nonLagMA indicator?
Thanks,
Steve

--- 帖子 #529 ---
red : downtrend

blue : uptrend

yellow : trend direction change

But it's just a color helper.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
thanks

Steve

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Trade# 522 EUR/GBP was a bust.  The fact that I understand why that happened does not change the fact that it did happen.

GBP/JPY was sharply sold off which caused GBP to be sold and thus for EUR/GBP to climb.  The only likely way that this will turn around is for fiber to be sold.  To be more specific, fiber would probably have to fall down a well.  Alternatively cable would have to climb significantly, which is highly unlikely at the moment.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
This looks good for several reasons, including the fact that a pennant or flag has formed and the higher probability in a case like this is for the movement to continue in the direction of the flag pole after the period of consolidation (which we are in) concludes.

The 1H chart looks very good, the 30M and 5M are ok.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
I hope someone can help me please, no matter how I tried I could not put all 3 stochs in 1 window, here's what I did: (1) on North Finance MT4, I first click on insert.  (2) then mouse over on indicator then click on Stochastic. (3) a popped up window appeared. (4) drag the popped up window to the 1st stochastic window. (5) click OK.  ....... But all it did was create Another stoch window, I cannot combine in same window, when I tried to drag the word "stoch" from the list to the 1st stoch window it won't do anything. this seems to be simple to do and I am really upset at myself for not being able to do it, can someone please help me ???

--- 帖子 #534 ---
You cannot do it from the insert button, you have to go from the indicator in the Navigator window.  Try using that one instead, it should work for you.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
moonchild, thank you for replying, can you tell me where is the navigation window and how do I get to it ?

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Top left of the platform, next to insert there should be a view button.  Under view select navigator.  There you will find all the standard and custom indicators loaded in the platform.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Thank you, Moonchild, I finally got it after 3 hours.... Appreciated very Much, thank you.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Ok guys, i think i have definitely found the filter that suits boxingislife strategy.

NonlagMAV5 (V4 is approximatively the same so do not worry about the version) with the following settings :

0-9-0-3-1-0

Add Hama for trend following (this is really up to you but it definitely helps)

Looking to different timeframe does not help much in fact.

If you look each time frame on each currency pair, you will most of the time find one that give each signal necessary to take the good trade.

Signal are :

Perfect stochastic signal (look 1st post of boxingislife :X )

Nonlagma turns yellow with the next 2 or 3 candle or is allready on the right direction (red for downtrend - blue for uptrend )

hama bar turn to the right color (red downtrend, blue uptrend) This is optional but you have a 99% success rate with this signal added.

Side note : the smaller the TF, the longer you might wait for a confirming nonlagma signal (up to 4 candles on M5 )

I repeat, there is no need to watch a confirming TF. If the signal is perfect, it is indeed perfect for this time frame. Well i wont prevent you to watch to other TF, but i came to the conclusion that there is no constitent rule on watching other TF (sometime you need to look 2 TF ahead to have confirmation, sometime the next one, sometime none of them confirm the signal despite it perfectness, well you see the point )

One side note, nonlagma can sometime give a blue or red color despite the f(x)=1 (horizontal line, not sloppy)

In this case, the signal is not that good, wait for yellow (trend change) or sloppy nonlagma

I am trying to modify the source code on nonlagma so that no slope line would give another color but i have not success yet. If someone is good enough and has the time to modifiy it, it would be a nice visual improvement.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
hi melpheos,

i wonder why you don't have (100,10,30) stoch on your chart? because you play mostly on H1 and H4, which according to boxingislife, the (100,10,30) indicates the trend on longer TF??

--- 帖子 #540 ---
because it - to my point of view - does not give me much information and is not really relevant anymore once you have nonlagma as a filter...

You can trade on any time frame once you have this filter (as far as i can tell)

There is allways one time frame that will give a perfect signal (yet i dont like sub 15 minutes TF which are too fast for me to follow because of my work)

Example : the last 100 pips move was given only by M1 but it was given also given by H1 yet H1 could hardly have been considered as a "perfect signal"

I wait for other to confirm the filter (Moonshine allready had a look on it ) but it seems very good

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Ok, I understand now. Thanks for your prompt reply. I have NonlagMA v.4 and will try to look into the v.5.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Hi,

I must have mist it before. I do no now what Hama is, nor can I find such an indicator in Metatrader.

Please help and explain or show me a link.

Thanks,

FP

--- 帖子 #543 ---
look for heiken ashi MA on the forum there is a dedicated topic on it (you can use the smoothed version, it does not change much )

But here is the one i use :

I add today trade (could have been only positive position, i have no idea why i closed the £Yen trade :-/ )

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Thanks Melpheos, I will look at it. I must admit my real account is doing terribly and I must admit I'm swapping between systems. All the things I've done and read about in the past keep messing around in my head. Probably I'ld better be demotrading for a while. But guess what: then things will turn out all right.....

FP

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Melpheos,

Thanks for the indicator.

I noticed in your last post you are using some kind of trailing EA.

Did you get that on this forum? It looks like it could help me sleep a little better. Care to Share?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Thank you Melpheos

--- 帖子 #547 ---
This is the one i use :

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Do you wait for the candle on which nonLagma turns yellow to close or not?

--- 帖子 #549 ---
i do not have  clear rule on this, it depends of the feeling of the day

edit : up 1000$ today i think i'll quit for the moment to focus on filtering and back testing (the filter is working totally great )

--- 帖子 #550 ---
I'm sorry but I'm not (for the moment) very good with MT4 's stuff. (Nobody's perfect... ROFL)

First Melpheos stated that the settings were : 0-10-0-3-1-0

Then he said that this one was the best       :  0-9-0-3-1-0

Bu when I try (?) to check and edit this settings in MT4,

I get : 0-9-0-0-1-1-0.0 (???) and above all I CAN'T CHANGE THIS FIGURES.

TIA

--- 帖子 #551 ---
My bad, full settings are :

0-9-0-3-1-0-0.0

To change the settings you just have to double click on the figure you wish to change

I did not post the last digit (0.0) as it is no relevant (it just move the nonlagma curb up/down for better visibility )

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Wow! Thanks Melpheos!

Now does this EA have to be running before I make a trade or after?

Do I need to check allow live trading?

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #553 ---
melpheos, may I know what is your strategy to exit in every trade? Also does the nonlagMA indicator repaint?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Melephos, thanks for the additions to the system. What pairs and time frames are you using?

--- 帖子 #555 ---
You need to check allow live trading. You can run this EA anytime you want, it will pick up the trade after a few seconds.

my exit strategy is either a change of color of HAMA or a strong perfect signal reverse to my active trade.

No nonlagMA does not repaint and it's not shifted

Any pair work (but i dont watch some pair that have too much sharp moves ) and any time frame down to M5 when i'm not at work and up to D1

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Very good signal on GPBYEN

visible on M30 as well

I'm allready up 30 pips dispite the 10 pips spread

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Good Eye!!

I was looking at this as well. I was waiting for the 5 to pull back a little more and while I was looking at another pair, I missed it.

Oh well

There will be another im sure.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
i'm out at +50 pips because it's getting late

Went up 6.6% on my account yesterday and today 4.5% ...

I love my filter

--- 帖子 #559 ---
just took 30+ quick pips on the gdpusd.

both 15m and 30min showed perfect setups.

my TP was hit while i went upstairs to get something to eat.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
I've got to admit that system is GOLD

Thx to everyone who's contributing and especially to Boxinglife who shared this!!!

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Take a look at 15m Euro right now. Looks like a good setup as soon as the nonlag signals down.

Thank you melpheos for sharing your improvements to this trade method. It really helped me today.

Steve

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Melpheos,

Are the default settings the ones you use, or do you have others?

Thanks for the NoLag filter . . . it really makes Box's system rock!

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Now does not this chart look just beautiful.  I do not care even that it is on a 5M chart.  At this  point, I would be grateful to see any tradeable movement.

Trade produced 32 pips.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Here is another possibility, this time on a slightly better time frame--15M.

The 1M also looks good and the 30M looks as though it is about to turn down, so not bad.

Trade produced 25 pips.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Moon -I found this neat indicator on FF- Thought you might like to see it.

Here are the details`

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Just loaded that indicator.  Thank you.

It is really wild.  Do you know what the setting is for the EMA and the STR.  I tried to look into the indicator but it would not let me find out.

Nice addition.

By the way, Joker, do you know how to move the display from the right upper corner to the left upper corner.  It would not let me do that either.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Hi, just wondering if there is an autotrade EA for this system yet?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #568 ---
When you attach the indicator to the chart, click charts, then indicators list, click signal bars, then edit, change corner_of_chart_right to false.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Link to the specifics~

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=21105

--- 帖子 #570 ---
I don't know if anyone's done this but it can be kind of fun. Cover up the main price window on your computer screen so that you can only see the indicator window. Now go back several months and looking only at the indicator window, decide what is a good buy signal and what is a good sell signal and mark the time of each one. Then after, go back and see if you were right or not. If nothing else, it'll make you analyze the indicator window harder and maybe find some new insights.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
I just saw a nice buy on EURJPY H1, M30 just crossed too

http://dash.ionblast.net/forex/pics/trade5.PNG

--- 帖子 #572 ---
i did this  when i started to use this method but yes you have a good point and that is a good training

--- 帖子 #573 ---
I have done this also. I actually use a black line graph on the black background (sometimes). I know people like talking about price action but... with me its all about indicator action baby!

--- 帖子 #574 ---
I was able to secure 20 pips, EURJPY H1 is showing a reversal now. I am out.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
I'm blind today but there was still a lot of opportunities if you watch the market on M5 (other TF does not give much information today )

--- 帖子 #576 ---
No there is no EA for this system as it is too much graphical to manage with an EA

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Hi Melpheos,

Did you ever figure a correlation between pairs, time-frames, and time of day?

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #578 ---
not yet but the system with my filter seems pretty efficient allready.

for TF i have to do some work this week end and for time of the day, well as usual dont play on €$ after 6pm GMT+1 but that is as classic advice

yet i dont like to play on correlated pairs.

edit : up only 1% today, i could not see any good signal when i was i front of my PC so i took only 4 positions for low pips gain . Tomorrow is another day

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Thanks, Melpheos.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Just wanted to thank Melpheos for the wonderful additions he's given to Boxingislife's  already terrific trading plan.  I should also add Moonchild and Bags for being so sharing in there trading methods.  All the info has really helped me along - thanks again.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Hello everyone again,

ok about watching the different TF, i was wrong (well it's better to see that before going live  and being wrong and know it is better that being stupid and not know it )

I will work on the TF response this week end and today (i need to kick my son and wife out of the house at least one day otherwise i wont find the time nor the peace i need ^^ )

There is definitely conflicting signal on different TF and usually only one is correct so give me time to filter that

--- 帖子 #582 ---
The weather will be awful this WE in Paris.. so I suggest a good movie !

--- 帖子 #583 ---
You'r right, i will send my wife and son to the theater

--- 帖子 #584 ---
just for information : someone has found a MTF stoch indicator that might suit this trading strategy.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...17&postcount=8

I will test it today end afterward if i see something emerging from it

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Nice setup on the eurjpy.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
2 reaons would have made me not take this trade:

- It was too late in the night (I assume you are GMT or GMT+1), so you are almost sure you will lack some volume.

- the 50 and the 20 were a bit too flat for me

In addition since you will have to send the order a bit before  23:00pm, you will have to pay swap fees ...

--- 帖子 #587 ---
you were right  it did not went further that 156.03 down that lack of volume was the main reason why it did not went down yet if looking for only a few pips it would have been ok

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Should the stochs should be set to simple MAmethod?

What setting should we use for Price Field?  Presently I use Hi/lo.

Thanks,

Steve

--- 帖子 #589 ---
I have confirmed that Price field is Hi/Lo, but I am not sure about MA method? maybe SMA as usual?

--- 帖子 #590 ---
May I ask why you don't enter if 50/20 were too flat?

What does it mean if they are both flatten?

I would like to learn more from you, thanks!!

--- 帖子 #591 ---
If the stochs are too flat, it should mean that the trends associated to them are a bit too weak, so a reversal could happen more easily.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Thanks for you share experience, cpainchaud.

BTW, I saw somebody trade with M5 chart, I also like to know that when you enter by M5 signal, do you still look for 30~50 pips profit? Or you will reduce the target range due to M5 timeframe?

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Ofc you have to lower your goals with smaller timeframes. The more time you give to the market, the more moves you will see it's logic. Switch between timeframes and you will see that by yourself....

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Hi i have done a small back test on Euro Yen from January 2007 to today

Have a look on the attachement

1st sheet is using boxingislife strategy + nonlagma exit on clean stoch 5 cross

2nd sheet is using boxinislife strategy minus the 50 stoch + nonlagma exit on 5/8 EMA cross

3rd sheet is in process

there might be one or two trades that have been cut by a SL before profit but the result should approximatively the same

Edit : ho i forgot, backtest was on H1 chart and for 1 lot

1st method gives around 400 pips/month

2nd method gives around 500 pips/month

anyone fancy testing older data ?

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Whats the indicator that changes color and hugs the current price?

Hope things are starting to thaw for you.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
It is called HMA modified, and I have it on my platform.   I have no idea of how I would go about making a copy of it for you.

We are expecting another 2 inches of now tonight, but at least we have finally had an entire day above 0F.  We are still having extremely strong winds so that when it snows it is horizontal.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Didn't like this MTF stoch that you drag into existing stochs; prefer the first MTF stoch posted on this site that goes in a separate window; just my opinion.

Steve

--- 帖子 #598 ---
melpheos:

Thanks for the research; encouraging. You are kind to help us.

Steve

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Here is the latest results :

if anyone has another suggestion for exit, i will glaldy test it

Edit : i have added a backtest on M15 for january 2007, results are not bad but not very good either (in particular a low success due to mainly whipsaw )

According to my backtests which are what they are the best setup is using

stoch 5 and 20 only

nonlagma as a filter

entry on signal described by boxingislife + confirming longma (uptrend or color change)

exit on 5/8 EMA signal

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Thanks boxingislife and others for sharing and development of such interesting system.

Currently I'm in testing of indicator based on this system. Do you have some canonical set of setups for entry/exit?

For example,

1) Stochs 20 and 50 should have one trend direction.

2) Stoch 5 should have and opposite trend direction to Stochs 20 and 50.

3) Stochs 20 and 50 should be in safe zone (not oversold or overbought)

4) Stochs 20 and 50 should have lag of 10 stoch's points (should not be too close to each other)

5) Stoch 5 should cross both Stochs 20 and 50

and so on.

I'll insert them into indicator, so everybody could select suitable set of setups. May be picture will help you to understand me

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Whoa thanks for developping an indicator for this

For exit strategy it seems according to my backtesting that the best exit strategy until now (well i am the only one sharing it's exit strategy test  ) it exit on cross of EMA5 SMA8 or WMA8

I must do some further testing on this

Cpainchaud is also working on such an indicator

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Vitaoo,

Great job . . . this looks promising! Could you tell me what your anti-trend setup is?

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I have tested EMA5 WMA8 for the exit signal but it was not as good as i was excepting...

So keep with EMA5 SMA8 cross for exit.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
how is everyone doing with their trading? does anybody need help or have any specific questions? u know guys just coz im not around doesnt mean u cant email me or pm me ill always find time to answer

thanks to everyone working on the method to improve it and make it easier and if one of u guys can keep me up to date with all the modifications taking place id appreciate it alot.

thanks and take care

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Hey Boxing !!

Great to see you post again.

Your system to me is pure gold.

Here is one I got last week on the 1hour.

Sweet

Thanks again.

Are you still trading?

Hope to hear from you soon.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
thanks smnitro its good to hear

na im not trading much lately just getting busier and busier now i got exams and stuff

check out this aud 4h

dont freak out the only difference in the settings is i got rid of the signal lines i put the settings to 1 rather than 10 for the %d period. u dont have to i just prefer its easier on the eyes and the chart is less clogged. i basically just follow the angle of the lines

if ur new to this keep the signal lines. but if u can handle it and ur doing good get rid of em it might be easier on ur eyes. NO CHANGE IN PERFORMANCE WHATSOEVER SO DONT WORRY!!!

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Yeah, your right.

I am making a new template now to clean up my chart.

I have been trying to combine a few systems into one chart but it definitly cloggs it up. I got to remember to keep it simple.

BTW, I wanted to ask you about the kind of trade you just posted.

When the 20, 50 and the 100 are all overbought, what signal are you looking for to pull the trigger up or down?

--- 帖子 #608 ---
there should be a good opportunity on EURYEN on monday as you can see

we watch live with cpainchaud the previous very good trade on this pair but did not took it (i was doing a lot of test at this moment )

I will make a pdf with a full guide of entry/exit, submit it to boxingislife for approval (the main method is his  ) and publish it here

--- 帖子 #609 ---
deleted. sorry.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
either a trendline break or a stall/consolidation coz as u can see the 5 can cross many times into failure

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Nice, I didn't see that one.

Price has been bouncing around an up trend TL channel for a week now. Looks like it could break lower.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
anti-trend setup is condtition when Stochs 20 and 50 going in one direction and Stoch 5 in another. For exanple Stochs 20 and 50 are in uptrend, so Stoch 5 should be in downtrend.

I guess that the set of such small setups will help to customize indicator a little.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
pdf will be great releif, thanks a lot!

Opportunity on EURYEN seems to be strong. Indicator said to sell at the begining of the last hour bar. Is it correct in terms of sexy stochs method?

(I see that I have one more bar against your picture.)

Still wait for any other rules or setups.

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Hi, Im a newbie and Im glad i found this system...its great...looks promising.. noticed theres a good signal for EJ, was wondering what could be the entering point? If i draw a fibo,  could it be at 156.61(61.8)?

I was back testing it with EJ and was wondering why the price wasnt going down(marked x)? 20,50,100 has crossed their signal and 5 stochs too, Is it beause 100 is still in overbought?  ... care to explain anyone?

http://i134.photobucket.com/albums/q...60/ejweird.jpg

Anyway this is a good system! Excellent!

--- 帖子 #615 ---
it simply just didnt work. sometimes we get bad trades and itl happen so its ok

as for entry draw the fibo and post a chart so that i can see what ur talking about and wll work on the entry.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Watch out putting too many indicator on a windows. This is tempting with all those great tools by hand thanks to the effort of everyone here and on other forum but the numerous the indicator you look at, the worst your trade goes...

When i add indicator, i remove it after some time because i'm simply not looking at it or because it does not add anything to a working system

--- 帖子 #617 ---
http://i134.photobucket.com/albums/q.../ejweird-2.jpg

as u see i trace a fibo,from the looks of it...its going down...just that i need to know where do i put the entering point?  .. should it be 50? or 38.2? anybuddy trading on EJ? BTW..its 1H

p/s: i took ur advise melpheos

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Feeling sexy and groovy~

--- 帖子 #619 ---
PDF completed, i'm waiting for Boxingislife to approve it

--- 帖子 #620 ---
patiently to read it :

--- 帖子 #621 ---
is this good setup for short?

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Just one person's opinion, but I would be very careful about taking a short here.  I, personally, would not do it.

One reason is because there has been a fairly strong trend for the past 2 1/2 weeks, and this has been part of an overall bullish trend which began last summer, over 1000 pips ago.

A second reason is because your 20 and 50 are very flat with only a slight angle downward.

The third reason is that when I check the other time frames, none of the others shows a downward bias and most show a strong upward bias.

Given this situation, as far as I am concerned this is a low probability trade.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
moonchild you see any setups formating on any pair now?

--- 帖子 #624 ---
I do not see anything great right now.

The best I see is the AUD/NZD short on the 4H chart, and the 1H is not bad.  At least this trade is in the direction of the current trend.  I would prefer the 20 and 50 to have a steeper downward slope, but as I said this is the best I could find, and certainly not ideal, but a trade which is likely to turn out well.

The next best trade is on the AUD/USD but this one is not quite ready, the 5 has to turn down, and it appears to be starting to turn down.  The 20 and 50 on the 4H are starting to turn down nicely but the 5 is not turning down yet, so that is a possible short a few hours from now, probably.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
can you attach your template? Thanks

--- 帖子 #626 ---
I know how to make a template for myself but I have no idea how to attach one to a post.  I imagine that I would have to copy t but I do not know how to do that.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
save template by pressing right click on metatrader trend . You will see template > save template . Ant attach saved file here.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
I hope that this works.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
thanks, works good. How many trades/pips average you get per day with this system?

--- 帖子 #630 ---
You can usually get 20 to 60 pips from a good trade, sometimes more.

How many pips you average will depend on the quality of the set ups that you trade (the closer to the ideal that they are the greater the probability of success) and the longer the time frame that you use the greater the number of pips from a good trade.  Also, some days there seem to be quite a few good set ups and other days very few.

As with any system, even the best set ups will sometimes fail, so there are some losing trades, but if you are careful in your choice of trades, there are very few losses.

To get an idea, you might look at the trades that I posted and I usually added the result of the trade to the post or had to make a separate post with the results.  This should give you some idea of what to expect.

One trade I did not bother to post the results of was a GBP/JPY trade simply because I happen to get in on the start of a strong move with a set up on a short time frame.  The trade netted hundreds of pips.  Just luck in that case that a strong move was just starting.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
anyone done any trades today with this system?

--- 帖子 #632 ---
yes. got some on the G/Y earlier off of the 15 min chart.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
how many pips you took?

--- 帖子 #634 ---
40

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Here we go everyone

Hope you will enjoy the file.

I anyone has some improvement about anything on it, please share

Btw, the signal on EURYen gave a good 40 pips last night (it has reversed now)

--- 帖子 #636 ---
is that gpb/chf formating? How you think guys?

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Check out usd/chf ...overbought on all 20,50 and 100...waiting for a nonlagMA red to show up

Result:

40+ pips! anyone got that?

--- 帖子 #638 ---
can anyone attach "Plot MA Crossover signal" i cant find it

Some one attach it. Thanks

--- 帖子 #639 ---
I have some things to change on the pdf, i will probably add a MTF Stochastic that can give some very relevant information...

The only problem is that it adds some confusion on your chart :-/

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Great Document Melpheos~ thanks

Not trying to start any controversy but I find the CCI attached here acts as a nice filter!

--- 帖子 #641 ---
I think if you add a level 50 on the stoch chart you have same filter...

--- 帖子 #642 ---
melpheos can you attach "Plot MA Crossover signal" indicator?

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Thanks for the time and effort, Melpheos.  I placed the PDF on my desktop for easy review at my leisure.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
this is just a crossover signal of 5EMA 8SMA you dont need an indicator for this, you can plot it manually

But i will attach the indicator i use tonight

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Ok , thanks . I will be waiting

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Hey folks,

I've been reading this thread and trying to get a handle on reading the signals.  I think I have it, but of course, there are many other factors that may affect whether or not you should take any particular entry you might see.

I wanted to post my chart for the GY last night and see if you folks agree with what I'm seeing.  I did not trade these, but I marked my potential entries with vertical red lines.  The last one I'm kinda "iffy" about since the south run of the 5 stoch was caused by the USD New Home Sales news report.  I'm also thinking that the return of the 5 stoch northward may take awhile since we are now heading into the afternoon NYSE session time.  Perhaps it will resume and continue upwards when the Aus-Asian session comes back online??  Any thoughts?

http://creations4christ.com/stoch%20...al%20maybe.gifhttp://www.creations4christ.com/fore...hbuysignal.gif

The first signal would have netted you 40-50 pips in about 1 hour....the second signal was about 100 pips in about 4 hours....sweet!

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Btw...many thanks to Boxingislife and all who are contributing here!  This method has a very solid "feel" to it which gives me confidence.  I'm continuing to follow along and practice picking out the signals and will be forward demo testing this as I feel more confident.  But so far,

--- 帖子 #648 ---
/me want your forex factory calendar indicator

--- 帖子 #649 ---
any one see anything formating now? Because my newbie eyes aint seeing

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Here's the thread and I've attached the files to this post:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=19293

The "FF Cal v03 Window" file version has a shift function to allow the data to be posted into a second data window, such as a stoch or MACD window.

Enjoy!

EDIT:  Just added the FF Cal v04a file which someone modified to show the times in hours and minutes till news....not just minutes.  Cool!

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Thanks Pipskater, i haven't seen this thread until now  Having the time in hours/minutes is a great improvement

Here is the indicator i use for SMA/EMA cross signal

have a look on GBPYEN H1

edit : up 30 pips since the signal

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Nothin' definite....   hoping to see some action when Aussies/Kiwis/Asians come back on..

EDIT:  Ok, I decided to take the GY long trade after much debate.  The signal turned good after some consolidation so I pulled the trigger.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Ok, after I saw the 5 stoch on the GY begin to round the corner, slowly but surely, I decided to take this long trade.  I entered a bit late at 232.22, but that was for a bit of insurance.

At this point, I'm 30+ pips to the good side, brought my SL up to +10 and I am trailing the stop at 10 pip increments with a buffer of about 24 pips.  I don't actually trade on the MT4 platform, but I do love the charts and the abundance of indicators and tools available.

So, I got 10 pips locked in and will ratchet up another 10 as this move goes on.  Nothin like money in the bank!  Thanks again for this very cool system!

Here's my current chart:

http://creations4christ.com/forex/long%20gy%20stoch.gif

--- 帖子 #654 ---
nice work. that one would have made me a little nervous, though, with the 50 and the 20 pointing down like that.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
ahh , i missed that trade

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Yes, it was a bit "iffy", but the 20/50 stochs on the 30M and 1H timeframes were showing flat and headed up, respectively, so that gave me a bit of nudging to go ahead with it.  Overall, it is much better to wait for the more ideal setups as many others have suggested here and elsewhere for sure.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Don't worry, there'll be more!      That wasn't the best setup anyway.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
was this setup good for eur/jpy

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Although the pullback wasn't huge, that's not a bad set up. Nice separation on the 20 and 50 and they are both showing nice angle upward. My opinion of course.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Yeah, I'm with Hoss on that one.  I like to see the pullback a little more to get the best entry, but hey, the important thing is it went the right way!

We all have different risk tolerances, but it sure does make more sense to be patient and wait for the very best setups...cuz even with the best, we can still lose.    I need to practice what I preach...

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Personally, that pair seems very overbought at this time.  My preference would be to wait for the 5 to cycle down, cross and I would get in then when it has just crossed and is about to turn up.

That is just my way of trading in the hope of maximizing the pips I gain.

Traderis, thank you for the PM but since FF does not have any contact information listed for you, I have no way to get back to you.  There is no way to PM or email you a response.  You might want to use the FF system to email me your email contact information.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Well, I tried to catch a few ZZZ's before the Aus/Asian session and got stopped out of my GY long trade, but hey, I still made +23 pips.   I'll take it, but I also missed another good entry while I was snoozing!  DOH!!     Oh well, I needed the ZZZ's...

http://creations4christ.com/forex/as...gy%20setup.gif

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Looks good on all time frames.  The prettiest is the 30M, but all charts through the 4H look to some extent good.  Should be a very nice trade.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Are you guys liking this one? Let me know what you think? I think I do. Will wait and see, though. It still could take off northbound.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Took +50 pips from USD/Cad yesturday . How about eur/jpy ? Is it formating now?

--- 帖子 #666 ---
loos good...im seeing that too..should wait for the nonlagMA to turn red(down) atleast...anyway..let see if that happens

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Nonlagma is red now . We should wait for the move

Edit:It is treding on TF 15m 1h and 4h ? Am i right?

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Im seeing it on M15, what is a good entering point? 0.6782?...any suggestion?

hope will catch a big one with this

--- 帖子 #669 ---
i/v joined gpb/jpy too . +14 now

--- 帖子 #670 ---
nice trade guys.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
I apologize for not checking my post a few hours ago when I first suggested this trade.  I just posted and went to bed and did not realize that the chart which got included did not have the stochastics on it.

I took the trade I suggested and I am +35 pips.  There was very little risk of this trade going north since so many different time frames all showed a move south.  That made it a high probability trade, the only kind I will take and also go to sleep.  Otherwise I tend to babysit trades, if I do not consider them extremely high probability.

As to EUR/JPY, I would not feel nearly as confident about taking that trade.  If you consider the relationship of the pairs involved, USD/JPY is mostly moving sideways, cable has been dropping but fiber has not.  As a result, GBP/JPY is in a far better position to drop than EUR/JPY is.  It is safer, at least right now, to have your money on GBP/JPY short.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
And how about gpb/chf setup ? Look 15m 30m and 1h trending nicely . But it is against 4h What are your opinions?

--- 帖子 #673 ---
In general GBP/CHF and GBP/JPY move in similar ways, therefore if one is going down usually the other will also.  Since these pairs move about the same amount, there is no real advantage to trading one of them over the other.  The best idea with those 2 pairs is to pick the one you prefer and trade that one.  As for me, I happen to prefer GBP/JPY/

In the case of GBP/JPY and EUR/JPY, the reason for preferring to trade GBP/JPY is because it generally moves about 1/3 further on the moves.  In the current circumstance where cable and fiber are not moving parallel to each other the way they usually do, it is doubly preferable to trade GBP/JPY since the pound seems to be much weaker than the euro at the moment.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Another option is to trade the one with the better swap... GBP/JPY has an horrible swap if you sell the pair, GPB/CHF is better ( near to 0 as the IR is 5% vs 5.5% )

--- 帖子 #675 ---
eur/gbp M15 has been consolidating for a while now...is this one going big? because 20,50 is really near to overbought and 100 is already in overbought?...any suggestion?

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Interesting thought!

Never really worried much about the swap on GJ because I rarely hold it long enough.

This situation could make for a very interesting hedge, going long on GJ and short on GC so that you could collect the difference in swaps.  May need to look into that some time.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
I have been looking at that pair and the set up looks good, or at least what looks as though it is going to be a good set up seems to be developing on several time frames.

HOWEVER, I for one, will not take a short on this pair.  When I look at fiber and cable, for a short to work out cable would have to be stronger than fiber, or at least the pound would need to be stronger than the euro and that just is not the case at the moment.  As a result I see a short here as a high risk trade.

I should also mention that I have been short on this pair and closed the trade yesterday with a profit and opened a long on the basis of a daily pin bar.  That trade is currently in profit also and while I am watching it carefully, I am not closing in on the basis of the stochastics because the fundamentals are just too far against a short right now.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Yeah u r right! It didnt work out, it was going against the trend, anyway i too didnt short on this one, would have made a bad trade...

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Nice looking charts in the higher time frames.  Overall they show DOWN.

This pair is way too high right now.  The NZ economy is very weak and there is no real reason other than the carry trade for this pair to be as high as it is.

It has risen from .5900 to .7200 since last summer.  That is a huge % increase without an economic basis for it.

In addition there is a very pretty pinbar on the daily chart and I have a sell stop order waiting at .7150.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
I'm up 113 pips on an short of GBPYen and it's going to dip down again

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Actually there was a reason for it.  In the Summer, the NZD unemployment rate was 70%.....  but it went down to 30% by December.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Employment is one factour in the health of an economy, but only one. It alone is not sufficient to account for a 20% increase in relative valuation in well under a year.  I believe that we will be seeing a significant fall in the pair reflecting this situation.

Melpheos, you should be about + 200 pips on that GBP/JPY trade.  I took it when I posted the trade last night and I am up that many pips, and hoping for more.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
I exited at +84 i'm waiting for a new entry point (maybe next hour)

I have made a small update on the guide in the exit strategy part

--- 帖子 #684 ---
possible up move coming on cad 30 min. 5,3,3 stochs are also pointing up on the 4 hr and daily.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
seems to be stuck on the 365 ema on the hourly. break that and she's on her way!

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Where can I find the info in the left upper corner of your chart?

Thanks.

Hans

--- 帖子 #687 ---
looks good with 4 hr and daily 5,3,3 pointing down also.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
it seems the price has come down...and 20,50 are going side ways now...let see what happens next...

any other pair that is showing nicely?

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Still watching the 1hr Aud. Just came off a trendline and is heading down.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Any one caught the GBP/USD setup on M15 just now? really quick one...got 15pips coz i entered late  ..anyway it was good

--- 帖子 #691 ---
nice catch, unfortunately i cannot watch faster than H1 when i'm work.

i use M5 M15 only when i am at home

--- 帖子 #692 ---
i cought set up for gpb/jpy long today. Took 61 pips

Maybe any one sees any setup formating?

--- 帖子 #693 ---
look at 1 h usd/chf . Maybe short is comin? Because on 4 h stochs are trending down nicely . So i Think we need to wait till 5 stoch will go down on the 1h trend. Am i right?

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Howdy,

Does the new version (FF Calendar 04a) only show up just before the news?  I've loaded it to my charts, but nothing is visible.  It is listed under the indicators Iam using.

Thanks.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #695 ---
You need to click the "Allow DLL Imports" on the "Common" tab when you attach it to the chart  It should show up instantly after that.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Here's what I see when I go back over last night's and this morning's trading opportunities....did anyone catch any pips from these??  sigh....

http://www.creations4christ.com/fore...jpy%20nite.gif

I marked the signals with vertical red lines and my approximate entries with the horizontal green lines.  The pips figures include the spread and I tried to be conservative in choosing entries/exits.  I picked the close of the next bar AFTER the red lines for entries and the open of the first significant red bar after the move for exit points.

The next picture is the H4 timeframe which shows the greater move zoomed out....pretty cool!

http://www.creations4christ.com/fore...py%20nite2.gif

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Thanks,  Pipskateer.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Looks good on the 30M chart and the 1H and 4H charts look as though they are turning down also.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
yeah..looks like a good setup..waiting the nonlagMA turned to red first...careful with this one coz..if u look at M15 it looks like climbing up again...

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Moonchild,

Can you share that indicator you have on your screen?  If not, np.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #701 ---
any good indication today?...looks like no good setup for today?

--- 帖子 #702 ---
nothing great on H1 on any of the 12 pair i have watched

--- 帖子 #703 ---
yes, i agree . Good weekend everybody!

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Just for information, it looks like for GBPYEN, this strategy works great on H4...

As you know, GBPYEN is a very volatile pair (can be up to 400pips a day and medium range is 100 pips) and there is a lot of whipsaw on lower tf

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Hi Melpheos,

I do see some good trade signals on the 4H timeframe, but it seems like they take DAYS to setup.  However, that may work very well for some folks' trading style.

After analyzing the GBP/JPY and the USD/JPY over this weekend, I personally find the best quality signals to appear on the 30M charts for both pairs.  I'm going to be starting this week's trading with the following MO:

When I see a trade signal forming on 30M, I'll re-check against the higher TF charts (I always check the 1H and 4H charts at the beginning of trading anyway) to be sure the longer trends are in support of the 30M signal direction.  Then I'll zoom down to the 15M chart to get a closer look at the finer action and compare with the 30M chart as things move along.  When things have progressed to a possible entry point, I'll move down to the 5M chart to zero in my entry.

So, basically, I'll be using the 30M chart to identify the developing trade signals, verify them against the 1H/4H charts, then I'll move down to 15M and 5M to pull the trigger.  I've seen several trades that showed up very nicely on 30M, but if I had used the 30M chart to enter the trade, I would have missed a TON of pips due to late entry.

I have been reading another stochs trading thread in the Journal section by "Spudfyre".  His focus is on using a SINGLE stoch (the 5,3,3), but he puts it on multiple time-frames for the GBP/JPY.  Boxingislife's mutliple stochs method seems MUCH more favorable in terms of finding more and better entries, but Spudfyre's method reinforced in me the need to use multiple timeframes to help cherry pick the entries and manage the trades in process.

Well, enough rambling for now.  Hopefully, we'll ALL make some good pips this week using this VERY COOL system from Boxingislife!

--- 帖子 #706 ---
nice small guide

Yes, GPBYEN signal on H4 take days to happen but they have some crazy risk/profit ratio and the risk with lower time frame is the very high tendancy of this pair to move 50-100 pips in an hour...

But it's true that M30 also give many good signal as well

Edit : good long signal on GBPYEN on H1 and forming on H4

--- 帖子 #707 ---
double post

--- 帖子 #708 ---
There is good signal forming on eurusd, eurchf, gbpusd, nzdusd, audusd and gbpjpy

There is many more but that the one i follow

Forgot to say that those signal are on daily charts

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Melpheos,

Can you share that indicator you are using that shows the current tick price in large format?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #710 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=565

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Thanks!   Must've missed that one back a few posts.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
No problem

About the signal i gave last night, 3 of them are paying, one i loosing, and on is not doing much...

Paying : gbpyen, eurch, eurjpy

Loosing and thrown away untill i see a reversal of the current daily trend nzdusd

not doing much and staying in trade : gpbusd (in fact it is loosing a few pips but the downtrend is not significant

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hi All,

Just a reminder, the stochs chat is open during late London and first half of NY.  You can find us in Paltalk under Business & Finance/Day Trading Stocks & Bonds/ Currency Trading the Charts with Stochs.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #714 ---
thanks pipsacker!

--- 帖子 #715 ---
yw, hoss.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #716 ---
I'll be there in a few once I remember my login name.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
What do you guys think of these setups?

--- 帖子 #718 ---
My results so far using this system (enhanced by using MTF's):

4/2/2007:  +75 pips ( 8 trades)

4/3/2007:  +40 pips (plus whatever I get in Aus/Asian session)

I've taken 9 trades thus far, 8 yesterday and 1 early this morning at the UK open.  My only loser was for 4 pips, but that was only because I clicked SELL instead of BUY and took a loss on the spread +1 pip .  So, I'm really 8/8 winning trades as far as this system is concerned.

My daily goal is to make 20 pips.  Anything over that goes into my "pip bank" for rainy days or non-trading days.  Boxingislife, thank you very much for shaing this VERY usable, profitable way to trade the stochs.    So far, so good.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
they look good, however, after the london close you don't normally get a lot of volatility.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
I don't really follow those pairs, but the signals look good to me.  I prefer a pullback of the 5,3,3 stoch which occurs clearly during the transition from OB to OS or OS to OB of the 20 and 50 stochs, which is what appears to be happening in both your pics.

When I see a signal forming on the higher TF's, such as 1H, I will zoom down to the 30M or 15M to dial in the entry a little closer.  If you make your entry based on the TF where you see the signal occur, you'll generally end up getting in a bit late because the 5 stoch line doesn't return to the direction of the 20/50 stochs until after the close of a full bar.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
another possible setup, although the slope of the 50 and 100 lines aren't that strong.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
pretty funny indeed...

i used those signals a few minutes ago to place two short order...

i was watching those signal since 2 hour earlier in fact and waiting to jump in...

the nonlagma turned yellow, i entered ^^

--- 帖子 #723 ---
very nice system!!!! thx

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Yeah the NZD and AUD signals looked really strong so I got in with more lots on those and only one lot on the cable.  Haha as I'm typing this the cable and aussie are dropping, but I got out early.  Oh well, what can you do.

This system is very, very sound.  I cannot thank you enough boxingislife for sharing this.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
is it me or you have a -200 pips on the trade on the picture ?

--- 帖子 #726 ---
thanks beeker

hope everyones trading is going good

check this chart out

audusd 4h

crazy uptrend as u can see the 100 is pinned to the top and as long as thats the case look to buy only. the 20 and 50 did fluctuate up and down but the 50 remained mostly above the 80 line just like the 100 stoch. i added a 9 3 3 stochastic. it might help u get better signals since it doesnt cross up and down as much as the 5 3 3. nothing major or necessary u dont really have to worry about adding it coz once u gain that visual experience u wont even need a 5 or a 9 stoch u would just need the 20 and 50.

take care everyone

--- 帖子 #727 ---
yes but when you look at today chart, you can see that price has bounced down on yesterday high is now giving strong sell sign... i would wait for the sell sign to end on H1 before thinking going long on this pair

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Two perfect setups which resulted in two beautiful trades

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Good call!!

The price took a nose dive.

My Macd was giving me a down signal as well.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Sweet!!

I missed that one while I was busy making someone else money!

Oh well, there are more where that came from..

Nice job

--- 帖子 #731 ---
craaaap i took this trade but forgot to put a TP, i closed this morning with +5 instead of + 30 X|

--- 帖子 #732 ---
yes it was old trade,

bj

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Lol melpheos, don't worry, I got out way too early on the first trades.  Atleast you closed with a profit right?

--- 帖子 #734 ---
There may be a trade on the USDJPY 1H chart after it breaks this consolidation.  The stochastics are all beginning to slope down, and the 5 line has retraced nicely.  Also on the 4H it looks as though the stochastics are flattening out at the 80 level.

One question for the 4H, the 5 line has been sloping straight down.  If the 5 crosses it's signal line with the 20, 50, and 100 level all in overbought territory, but still sloping up, would this be considered a slingshot trade?

--- 帖子 #735 ---
id be careful on the 1h just coz the long term stochs are still above 80

as for the 4h u got it right a perfect slingy is when the long term stochs(20 50 100) are all above 80 or below 20 and the 5 pulls back a bit or alot it doesnt matter.

soirry about the late reply  ill try and do better next time

--- 帖子 #736 ---
there was no many trade on H1 for the last  days... higher and lower time frame gave correct signal

--- 帖子 #737 ---
can someone give me the nonlagma v5 indi?

--- 帖子 #738 ---
search in the previous trade i have posted it... Read all the post

--- 帖子 #739 ---
just wanna tell everyone that im sexy

no seriously check this out

gbpjpy daily

u can see from the last small up move price has settled and retraced just a tad bit

small retracement usually = strong trend

prob a good time to buy for a move higher. or wait for the 4h to pull back down and buy. or place a buy order above the high of the last few days around 235

i managed about 50 pips friday and got a position opened with a stop a few pips above entry. im expecting it to go much higher

plus if u look at a bigger daily picture u can see that this pair closed above a declining trendline that starts from jan 24th 2007 till now. and after it closed above that line it stayed and rode the line for a few days and this week im expecting it to head higher. if it was a false breakout it would be back under the trendline by now or possibly this week lol. but yea keep an eye on this one. if ur unsure just place a breakout sort of buy order above 235 that way if it hits it then chances are itl go higher.

im gonna be honest with u guys my gf is driving me nuts. like extremely insane. and out of this whole madness and her paranoia and her crazyness and her shadyness, i get a message from this awesome chick i met last week

some things u just never expect and could make things so much better

""she goes hey i called u but ur phone was off and i just wanted to see when i can see u. kisses""

not that anybody cares just thought id share. man im so not used to it. i grew up in the states and girls there are different than girls here in lebanon.

hope everyone had a nice weekend and hope everyone is doin good and if u guys notice im posting more and more lately and im gonna keep it up

wanna bring this thread back to where it was

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hi stoch heads,

Nice thread, just wondering if you always wait for bar close after the 5 makes the cross, or does it depend on the situation?

thanks guys

--- 帖子 #741 ---
personnaly i would wait for a close (what's more a close is necessary for the filter i have found )

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Hey Boxing

Don't get caught up by someone who has big issues - you are at the age where you should be experiencing life to the full and having fun - gfs included.

Get out there and play the field like you trade the stochs -> check out the scene, identify where you want to trade, patience till the stochs signal your entry and pounce!  Enjoy!

Thanks for sharing good buddy!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Hello People

Firstly, good stuff Boxingislife for your enthusiasm and help to all the FX chickadees out there, I hope College and trading is going well for you.  This thread has gone a little quiet lately, which usually means one of two things, people cant make it work and are hunting for something easier or they are making bullion and dont need help anymore.  I hope it's the latter.

Personally, I love stochastics and have used them as my core methodology for over 6 years trading live.  Some great EA's have come out of it but the damn thing about stochastics is that you do need the human input and there are too many variables to program on what can be 'simply' gained by viewing the chart.  Ha! Simple.     After trading 20 hours a day for over 4 years its no wonder you start making an EA to lighten your load.

However, I digress.  This is a hard wearing methodology and will withstand anything thrown at it so carry it through and you will become very proficient just like Boxingislife.

I thought you all might enjoy some 'bells and whistles' to assist with not having to view the screen constantly.  Each of the indicators attached have the option of enabling a audible alarm which will activate once trend changes.  For those of you that are utilizing a Heiken Ashi as an additional filter, there is one that sits in it's own window like a stochastic (so it does not flood your chart) and the upside of this too is that you may wish to overlay your stochastics over the top.  For this reason I have attached 2 Heiken Ashi's, one with very light colors (Heiken Ashi LC) and the other darker shaded.

Furthermore, find attached the Moving Average Crossover indicator which also has the optional audible alert and even email alert.  I have hard coded the settings according to those whom follow the pdf notes Melpheos typed, so there is no need to input anything, simply attach to chart and all is set.

Heiken ashi requires that you set the alert mode to (1) when you attach it so as to enable audible feature.

Heiken ashi will sound a few times when the direction is swinging so dont go hunting for a way to turn it off, as it will do so once the directional change is confirmed and a new sound is made.  At this time a window will appear showing details of the alert an price levels applicable, simply press OK and all shall be fine.

Moving average crossover alert can be altered to whatever values you wish.   With regard to FastMA Mode the following numbers are equivalent to these settings -  0=sma, 1=ema, 2=smma, 3=lwma and 4=lsma.

Fast price mode and slow price mode can also be adjusted if you prefer close analysis of price over open etc.  The allocation for those settings are - 0=close (I have set as default) 1=open, 2=high, 3=low, 4=median, 5=typical and 6=weighted.

Anyway, hope these are of some help.

All the best.

FxN

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Yes, typically for some reason the site is not allowing me to attach the indicators.

Anybody who wants them can PM me and meanwhile I shall continue attempts at loading.

Sorry.

FxN

--- 帖子 #745 ---
as you might have seen, i am probably the person who gave the warmer welcome to this strategy (even written a modified guide and worked some time to find a very good filter and still working even if i dont believe i can find better than the nonlagma)

As for the reason why the topic is not very active, honestly i have no clue.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Boxingislife,

I noticed that in your post #739 you've changed your Stoch numbers to 20,1,20; 50,1,20; 14,3,3; and 100,1,30.

Do you find that these figures are more successful than your original template?  I'm seriously trying to understand just how to read these stochs since they really have been successful for many.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Your notes were very concise.  It's a pity more people dont read them especially after the effort you put in.

FxN

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Hello

As promised find attached the Moving average  crossover and Heiken Ashi.

Heiken Ashi LC (Light color) is the one to use if  you wish to paste the

stochastics over the top.  Regarding this version of Heiken ashi, I am not thrilled with it and  actually turn

the alert off most of the time on the lower time frames as it  can be a

real pain during whipsaw markets.  To be honest, I dont use it but many find it helpful.

Furthermore along with keeping things simple, you can become addicted to 'finding that one extra indicator' until one day you look at the screen and the chart is awash with lines and all sorts of confusion.   Minimize and your decision actually becomes easier.  Hell, whats the worst that can happen?  Trade goes against you and thats what stops are for.

Additionally, I have added another indicator (EJ Signal with  alert) that I find

better than the MA crossover because it allows you stay in  the trade

longer without be whipped in and out by price spikes.  It works by  a

mathematical calculation over a range of bars +/- the risk figure.   I

have set the risk at 4 which is a pretty good setting but feel free  to

play around with it on different time frames.  You will note that 4  on

the M15 and H1 allows magnificent capture of pips if you use  this

indicator purely as exit tool.  For this reason the alert is a relief  in

order to walk away from trade and not be glued constantly to screen.  The  'Bars' input which is set to 1000 is merely the number of bars/candles you wish  to analyze with the indicator looking back at history.  If you wish to scroll  back further to see how the indicator performed, just increase the Bar  number.

Hope these help you out.

FxN

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Rialto

Dont fret the change to the stochastic values.  The %K and slowing values all remained the same and the only thing changed was reducing %D on all of them to 1.  This 'erases' the dotted %D line from the indicator window because it is now sitting under %K.  You have to remember that %D is the moving average of %K and this is similar to if you were to place a 1EMA on price.....you would barely see the line.

Boxingislife mentioned he reduced it to 1 for the same reason as my previous post, that being of cutting back on screen clutter, plus he uses %K merely as a measure of trend so he can glance what is happening with the slope.  Many of the other Traders on this thread decided to keep it and thats ok too.

In all the time using stochastics I have done the opposite, actually using %D as what I term a 'dynamic trend line'.  Neither method is 'wrong', its just what you find of greater efficiency.  The values I use for stochastics are totally different from Boxingislife and I merely assign %K the color black so it is invisible in indicator pane.

At the end of the day, take a breath, don't get stuck on one set of numbers thinking that they are the regimented rule that cant be broken because it has as much to do with the methodology also.  Look at adding your own 'flavor' to the system and question everything otherwise you will be following others forever.

FxN

--- 帖子 #750 ---
fxnorth,

Thanks so much for the indicators and your words of advice.  This is a very informative thread; hopefully it will continue on.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
i will have a look on this EJ indicator, according to your description it seems interesting.

Edit : i have given a try on this indicator but i am not convinced... I think i'll rely on the EMASMA cross

--- 帖子 #752 ---
fxnorth

thank you very very much for the amazing info

melpheos

cant thank you enough buddy

same for all the others

broke it off with my girl and got an exam tomorrow. so been a little busy

by the way if anyone remembers that monthly usdcad chart i posted like 10 pages back or so well price was around 1.1700 right now price is around 1.1400 so yea nice 300 pips in a few weeks. i been selling small amounts since 1.1700 and everytime i get a signal on the smaller timeframes.

also gbpjpy i literaly milked that pair since 234.00's with multiple positions basically since the gbpjpy. basically took the signal according to the daily and added when smaller time frames gave signals. im up over 200 pips since friday i think.

fxjourney

thanks for the advice on girls lol

take care everyone

--- 帖子 #753 ---
I jumped on usdcad at 1.1510 yesterday morning and i'm up 100 pips + now... The USD did not reacted at all on the last NFP news last week on this pair so i think this is a very good trend to follow. I could go down to 1.1200 if you just look at the resistances ( 1.1300 looks like a weak resistance while 1.12 is a better support and 1.1 looks unbreakeable atm )

Taking a monthly signal requires some guts i think i dont have yet ^^

Have fun with all your girlfriend... I'm married now but i definitly regrets my 20ties ^^

--- 帖子 #754 ---
actually according to the amazing signal we got on the monthly chart theres a really good chance it might get to 1.05 or even 1.

u dont have to take monthly signals. just use em as a reference and a sort of prediction to which direction price will go the next few hundred pips  especially if its a good signal. with usdcad its an amazing signal so i started shorting small amounts around 1.1700 and closed most at around 1.1550's.

this pair is actually still going strong and now at 1.13's

melpheos dont miss out on gbpjpy

its providing lots of opportunities and right now in a pretty serious uptrend

also gbpchf might be setting up for a nice move up

take care

--- 帖子 #755 ---
I spent a little bit of time modifying an indicator from scorpion over at the fxfisherman forum (thank you again scorpion!) so it will work with this system.  The indicator will check the 5, 20, and 50 stochastics to see if they are above their signal lines.  Once the 5 pulls back and crosses it will draw an arrow in the trade direction.  If only the 20 and 50 stochastics are crossed, a white arrow is drawn.  If the 20, 50, and 100 stochastics are crossed it will draw a red arrow.  Ofcourse, this indicator will only draw the arrows, the user still has to make sure the stochastics have the proper slope.

Something I have noticed after reading TEB63's thread (VERY good thread) is that when the 4 hour 5,3,3 stochastic and only the 5,3,3 stochastic is in agreement with a signal we get on the 1 hour (TEB uses daily, 4H, 30 min) it has a higher probability of working, and usually will be a bigger move.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
No worries Boxingislife!  Hope the GF doesnt cause you too much grief and the exams go well.  Probably just as well you broke up now since sex before exams usually is bad for concentration.

Keeps those pips flowing and stay away from the ropes big fella.

Hi Melpheos!

FxN

--- 帖子 #757 ---
fxnorth

it was all up to me to break it off and i feel ten times better now. she has a problem with admitting shes wrong when she is. obviously when someone breaks up with a girl shes basically doin somethin wrong. well in her opinion shes not and its all my fault.

i miss the ropes man. its been a while

everyone check out gbpusd 4h. might be a bit late to go in right now but u can do small amounts and bank some pips. i have a feeling this beast is going near 2.0000

same with gbpchf watch out for a move up

eurchf is retracing so it could be a nice trade. when it consolidates enter.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Sometimes it's the way to go Boxingislife, much like trading, put a stop loss on your relationship and let the girls that are winners run long by sticking with them.

In the trading room when I first started out, one of the pet names for Cable was 'The bitch' because it's so damn erratic and unpredictable but quite frankly I have known women that make GBP look like worth marrying.

Plenty of other good women out there that will love you unconditionally mate.

Take care bro.

FxN

--- 帖子 #759 ---
I was wondering, when people are checking the higher timeframes, are you looking for agreement with the higher timeframe's 5 stochastic, 20 & 50 stochastics, all three, or what exactly?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #760 ---
USDCAD is going down and down and down  it do not seems like anything can stop it before the previous weekly resistance around 1.1045

edit : i'm up 5% on the week trading only boxingislife strategy, could have been much better but i refused some losses (yes i know that's stupid) I must work on my money management because this strategy is so damn good

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Hi all! I am planning to start a trading group using this method... been trading live using this method for a month now(thanks boxingislife!!) ... havent encounter a lose trade yet!!!   My mantra is "always choose the best trade"  Plz pm me if you guys are interested. Or it would be great if we let out Master ie boxingislife to set up a chat room or we could use msn or yahoo... Let's have fun!

regards,

Davidljy

--- 帖子 #762 ---
melpheos good to hear about the 5% your makin me proud   keep it up

davidljy

glad to hear ur doin good

feel free to start a chatroom or chat on some kind of messenger with other traders. be sure to give me which program and stuff and ill drop in and talk every now and then. its just my time is so damn limited grrr and i got a bad grade today(55) so i felt really down all day its like the lowest grade i ever got but my x gf was drivin me nuts and wouldnt let me study right

.... i actually banked over 300 pips this past week just trading gbpjpy buying on different timeframes everytime i got a signal. not to mention amazing uptrends in euro and pound that i didnt really pay attention to lol

--- 帖子 #763 ---
my demo account is still going up today thanks mainly to GBPYEN which gave me a nice 150 pips...

Planning to open a real account soon

--- 帖子 #764 ---
congrats melpheos

well metatrader on 2 different brokers isnt workin for me. i think i got that virus that hackers were tryin to put on FF and it causes erratic browsing and weird internet connection. so this sucks big time and i ran 2 anti virus and none found anything. maybe its not the virus maybe its somethin else anyways if anyone has any ideas on what it could be itl be greatly appreciated

ive been working on somethin really interesting. its a mixture of catching reversals combined with some correlation stuff and a great accuracy. its a counter trend system yet it has great accuracy. i actually dont really understand it whats goin on. ill get into details sometime in the future. im sure u guys will like

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Thank you Boxingislife for posting you strategy.

I have found 2 non lagging stochastics indicators. They have helped me a great deal more as MT4's stochastics lags, and that can usually easily mean anything between 3 and 8 pips, which alone is the spread. One is normal and the other is MTF.

I am just awaiting for some one from another forum to add alerts to it like and audio and an arrow in the stochastics window when the cross appears.

As I am unable to attach the indicator, you can pm we with your e-mail ~and I'll forward it on to you.

Happy pippin yous all

--- 帖子 #766 ---
i have tried the non lagging version but i have difficulties to read it... do you have some sample to explain how it works ?

Edit : there was very good signal on Yen pair today as well on other pairs that granted me about 100 pips playing safely (could have been better as usual but i was on a customer site )

I just wonder why this thread is not more crowded ???

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hello Melpheos,

I'm trying to understand this method - following for quite some time - but still get confused.  Are you looking more for separation between the 20 and 50, or the angle of the 5 stochastic?

I have your PDF - concise and easy to read - but, in my case, I continue having difficulty reading the chart.  This was the first of the Stochastic methods (of recent- 3 mos or so), and Teb's and Spud's are terrific, but, I really am determined to learn this method.

Thanks to you, Boxingislife, Moonchild, and a few others, many have profited from this method.  If you have any "special" things you look for in the charts, I'd really like to learn them.  Anyway, thanks again - back to studying these charts.

Ciao

--- 帖子 #768 ---
honestly i can't really tell.... base your idea on the different chart i have posted in the guide and also on the chart posted by everyone on this topic (boxingislife charts are great but missing the nonlagma )

I look for nicely separated 20 signal line and good angle and good cross of the 5, the angle of the 5 does no really matters as soon as they are in the right direction

Have a look on the attached chart : 5 potential trade on the GY today with perfect signal only one not resulting in good results. There was a potential gain of 350-400 pips if you find the right exit point

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Well, it took me like 4 or 5 hours to read the thread but im finnaly done...

I want to say thanks to all of u in this thread , sepecially to Boxin, Moon, etc etc and to Melpheos who is really active and helps a lot..

Please keep it up and bring this thread back to full life....

Matty

--- 帖子 #770 ---
You are welcome

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Hi Guys,

Look at Cornflower. It looks good with Sexy.

http://img386.imageshack.us/img386/8202/usdchfrv3.gif

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Thanks for the indicator.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
how did everyone do this past week?

i had some computer problems and was busy with some university stuff so didnt really trade

im gonna post later tonight(i got class all day) how u can use 2 timeframes to make some good trades one after the other. u guys should like this one.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
I allways like new ideas

--- 帖子 #775 ---
ok so in this example ill use eurusd 1h and a 4h chart

ill be showing you a nice pattern i guess i could call it and it will help u get better and more precise entries and will let u know when the trend should be continuing

ok as u see in the euro 4h chart all 3 stochs are above 80 and well 2 of em the 20 is starting to move down. basically we got a slingshot on the 4h. when we have a slingy we go to the 1h and notice that the 20 and 50 pull down and the 100 does too but most the time stays above 80. they form sort of like an arrow shape. so now that we know that trend is up and we got a signal on the 4h we wanna enter more precisely using the 1h chart. before we switch to the 1h we wanna wait till price consolidates on the 4h or the 5 gets to oversold territory(yellow rectangle). when that happens we go to the 1h and by then the 20 and 50 on the 1h will have started to flatten or started trending back up. when that does we wait for the signal from the 5 and enter(black triangles)

basically when we have a slingy on the 4h and the 5 pulls back all it is its the trend taking a break on the 1h so that way we can wait for the break to be over and enter rather than just using the 4h to enter and using big stops. this way we can enter using the 1h and with smaller stops and a better entry and we know that action should be happening soon.

in more simple terms:

4h chart

1: slingy

2: price consolidates or the 5 gets to oversold/overbought

1h chart

1: all 3 stochs pull back a bit

2: watch for flattening stochs or for em to start movin back with the trend

3: we enter on the first signal using the 5

remember
A SLINGY ON THE 4H IS NOTHING BUT A SMALL PAUSE IN THE TREND ON THE 1H

thats really the main thing to look for and im showing u a way to recognize it and enter more precisely

obviously the more confirmation u got the better like the more stochs u got above 80 or below 20 the better.

sorry if this seems confusing but check the example and post some examples and ill tell u if its right. all it is its a way to recognize when the trend is continuing and enter accordingly. all using 2 timeframes. of course itl work with daily and 4h or any 2 combos. or at least it should work but with 4h and 1h its what i mostly focus on if i have time.

edit: with some practice u guys will love it and itl help u make some serious cash. trend following=$$$$

itl take u guys some time to grasp it but trust me its worth it. itl also save u from taking trades on the 1h that are against the trend of the 4h which could be killer.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Thanks Boxing for keep helping and improving the Sexys

I hope u can be around more often soon.

Matty

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Got woke up by a mosquito around 3 o'clock this morning and took a nice 120 pips on GY with a perfect signal on M15...

Then i tried to kill that bastard but could not find it... Killing it would have been a fair thank, wouldn't it ?

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Good job melpheos.

I have had a look at the charts and I can't see where the trade you mention was. Could you post a chart of your trade please?

Thanks.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #779 ---
oops my bad It's 3GMT+1 and it was H1 and not M15 that might be the reason why you cannot see it  and this pic, the signal is pretty obvious

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Thanks for posting the chart melpheos.

I guessed that would be appx your entry but I didn't have the 50 stoch going down then.

I have played around with a few settings but can't get my charts to match yours. Interesting.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #781 ---
This is the agressive entry as i have described in the stochastic guide pdf

when the 20 are allready starting to trend nicely, i just ignore the 50... It is not as safe as waiting for the 50 to agree but you get more signals and most of the time they are still good. Have a look on historical data, you will see what i mean

--- 帖子 #782 ---
On the 4H both the 20 & 50 are bullish but on 1H both 20 & 50 are bearish. Which one does one follow to take the trade???

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Hi

Iam wondering if you can make an alarm for when the sto crosses the 50 line

thanks alot

--- 帖子 #784 ---
I have several request for the indicator i use for this method so here are the non lag ma V5 and and EMA cross alerter

--- 帖子 #785 ---
I hope everyone got that move

open @ 1.2034 closed @ 1.9925

I have taken one more sell position on a M30 signal @ 1.9908 (this is the one you can see on the graph )

Watch our for a signal on GBPYEN on M30 for a short (it is forming and waiting for the nonlagma to turn yellow )

--- 帖子 #786 ---
The GBPYEN did not turn yellow, but there is one more opportunity now, you should wait 21:30 (GMT+1 ) and see if the non lag ma stays yellow then you could jump (i will i think despite the swap )

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Colud you please send tpl from your last charts?

Thx

--- 帖子 #788 ---
your last chart is GBPUSD 30min,

my is very different

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Here you are, i have taken the trade as you can see...

the GBPUSD is H1 (you can see that on the time chart )

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Hello,

can you please tell me how to get more than one stochastic indicator into the same panel in MT4? when I try to add a second stochastic, it puts it in a second window, not together with the first one.

thanks in advance

Hugh

--- 帖子 #791 ---
just drag the indicator in the window where the stoch are allready

--- 帖子 #792 ---
I am sorry to post here...if you feel offended, please ignore this post.

I am posting to vent.  I don't like the Stochastic indicator; it is especially useless in longer, slower time-frames.

I hope I didn't offend anyone; I have been watching this thread for a while now.  At this moment, I feel compelled to express myself as such.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
hmmm.. sorry to be dense, but I don't quite get it. I have tried to create this setup so I now have two stochastics in separate panels on the same MT4 chart. If I understand you correctly, I am to somehow drag one of the stoch panels onto the other, thus combining the two. Hmmm... does not work for me. Can you please elaborate?

again, my profuse thanks in advance.

Hugh

--- 帖子 #794 ---
d'oh I figured it out, you meant drag a new stochastic from the MT Navigator panel onto the existing stochastic. That worked!

I don't usually use the Navigator but load my indicators from the Insert menu. that's why I didn't understand at first.

thanks again

Hugh

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Thanks for the indicators, melpheos.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Hitch.

Once you have one window open with a Stocs indicator, click the Navigator button. This opens up a pane on the left hand side that lists Accounts, Indicators, Experts, etc. In the Indicators list, find Stochastics indicator and click and drag in onto the Stocs window that is already open. A parameters box will open. Make sure you give this Stocs different parameters from the first or it won't show up. Click and drag as many Stocs indicators as you want into this window.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
very well put and works to a T. thanks

--- 帖子 #798 ---
I dont understand why your think so. Have a look on each daily chart and you will see that this trading strategy is great on ANY time frame. What leads you to this affirmation ?

--- 帖子 #799 ---
lol ...im not sure what to say but im glad my thread can help u vent a bit now whether the stochastics work or not maybe they never worked for you but they worked for me and some others. if u ever test out the method you will know that it works.

take care and please if u wanna post somethin not related to my system or sayin it doesnt work(especially since u havent tried it) in this thread...dont ill be way too fast to report it.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
It blows my mind.  Just when I think I understand this method totally, something will pop-up to confuse me.  But I'm getting closer  This method has been so successful, I can't believe more traders aren't using it.  Thanks

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Hi

Can I get the information on the chat room where to find it please?

Oh, all have a great weekend yeah!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #802 ---
rialto dont worry about anything extra  as long as u got the basics down ull be alright and the rest just take ur time and learn. the basic will make u money make that 99% of ur priority

take care

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Boxingislife,

I have to keep that advice in mind.  Thanks for the encouragement.  You've given us a simple, workable, and profitable system.  With the input of Melpheos, Moonchild, etc., this should be a great year.  Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Hi spiritbreezer,

I have a chat dedicated to traders of all the stoch systems.  You can find it in Paltalk/Business and Finance/Day Trading Stocks & Bonds/Currency Trading the Charts with Stochs.  It is generally open the first half of NY session, but I leave it open until the last trader leaves.

Join us Monday if you can.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #805 ---
if everythin goes right i might join u guys tuesday in the chatroom and it should deff be fun

no promises but im really gonna try and im pretty sure i can coz im off that day so most likely ill be in the room

--- 帖子 #806 ---
What time will the room be open? (EST time please)

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Hi tzachi,

I open the room around 7:30 AM EDT.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Hi all, Sexy stoch gives a really good entry.. i hav no problem with that   but need to improve in my profit taking... any suggestions from the members is truly appreciated... Thank you!!

take care

david

--- 帖子 #809 ---
First: Thanks for sharing!

Hi melpheos,

thanks for that!

Regarding your EMACrossWithAlerts: In your PDF you mention to use this MA Crossover with the parameters 1-5-0-8. But I can only apply the two parameters for the first and the second MA in your indicator. Do you use another one there?

Best regards - Xaron

--- 帖子 #810 ---
You are right, i had to post the indicator from my work office and it seems it is not the same one i use at home.

Here is the correct one :

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Thank you!  I just found it in an older post from you:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=651

Best regards - Xaron

--- 帖子 #812 ---
profit taking can really depend on alot. first of all check a few pages back i think i explained how i deal with profit taking

the easiest way to do this is get out when the 5 gets to oversold or overbought. thats very simple and straightforward.

as u gain experience ull start to know more about the pair u trade and how much it moves and how much can u aim for and things like that

it also depends on the timeframe. u cant aim for 50 pips using a signal from the 5 min chart. u might get lucky and it would be a nice move from just one signal but chances are it would either take a break every little bit and scare u or it just wont reach more than 10 or 15 pips.

basically aim depending on the timeframe ur using

but for starters i suggest u get out when the 5 gets to oversold or overbought its as simple as that and u should make really good money.

take care

--- 帖子 #813 ---
3 trades

easyyyy stuff

15 min isnt my favorite

the best one is the second trade and would have gotten an easy 50 pips

it just shows that even 1 timeframe and one pair and only picking the best signals during a week which theres at least 2-3 can bring u about 150-200 pips a month no problem at all

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Boxingislife,

Nice setup on the above chart.

What is your favorite time frame chart that you execute most of your great trades?

T.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
hello everyone

i'm new with forex , i like this strategy

but i found some different results with GBP/USD ( 1H - 15M )

also with EUR/USD ( 1H - 15 M )

do i go long or short now ??

--- 帖子 #816 ---
look my guide, the filter will give you the answer

In the GBPUSD case, only the H1 is a valid signal

--- 帖子 #817 ---
hey tzachi

my absolute favorite is the 4h because its not too long term but its not too fast either it works great for a guy like me that spends most of his day at university

also the 1h is great

basically pick a timeframe that fits ur schedule. then pick one pair or 2 or a few if u can watch em all and just trade the best setups. do some visual backtesting and learn about each pairs daily range and the way it works and place ur stops accordingly. get out when the 5 gets to oversold or overbought and  I GUARANTEE you that you will come out profitable every month and not less than 8-9 profitable trades out of 10

not sounding like im psychic or anything but when usdcad was at 1.17-18 and i said we got a great signal on the monthly and i was aiming for 1.10 or even 1.05.... well i wasnt kidding  lol and it just goes to show that even a very boring and long term signal on the monthly can kick some serious ass

imagine if u were trading just lots of 1k not even mini lots. taking every 4h and daily signal you get and basically adding on pullbacks since you know the trend is down according to the monthly chart. just imagine what kind of money you could have banked. im gonna be honest i stopped trading usdcad but i did bank about 200 or so pips trading multi lots .

sometimes those monthly signals or even weekly can be great to determine the direction for the next few hundred pips. always keep that in mind. i rarely look at em but a glance every now and then doesnt hurt at all.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
thank you melpheos

but there's some fake signals with Nonlagma and MA Crossover signal

the original method protect us from these signals

also i think the method depend on the pullbake when the trend become clear

maybe some more testing will be helpful

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Boxingislife,

Many thanks for your input, it does have a great value as always.

Be safe.

T.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
i don't mean to be mean  but why does it show "buy" on the chart?

oh, my bad. this is back in time. just realized where the price was now.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
lol aghast

and on top of that that buy trade isnt even related to the system  its somethin completely different im working on. its beyond unconventional when it comes to fx. when its rock solid ill get into it with you guys and show you. trust me u will be amazed ur face will be like :O lol

not to mention the potential profit

what i mean by unconventional is its not an MA crossover it doesnt use indicators it doesnt even use price action or candlesticks. its beyond that.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
I'm not sure you have ready the guide carefully, none of the signal you point out are valid, can you zoom on the part you think are signal because the gif is rather small

The 20 are in overbought in the last two example so they cannot be taken as valid

edit : more detailed explanation

1st blue box

1 : first color change of NLMA (down), not valid, there is no 5 cross and 20 are uptrend

2 : 2nd color change of NLMA (up ) valid, 5 cross in oversold (OS) and 20 uptrend

2nd blue box

NLMA color change down (at the right of the box), valid but not very rewarding but not loosing

3rd blue box

I dont even see how you can see a signal ??? The onyl valid signal is the next NLMA color change out of the box on the right side

edit2 : also, MA cross is for EXIT only !!! Not for entry, please read the guide more carefully. The entry point is determined byt the stoch 5/20/50 in combination and by the NLMA filter only...

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I guess, he wants to use the red and blue arrows as an entry? These are possible exit points.

Regards - Xaron

--- 帖子 #824 ---
silly question but is anyone trading the method on a live account? itl be nice to hear if any of you guys are having success with real money aside from me lol. demo trading is great but i wouldnt want u guys demo trading forever especially after knowing how reliable the system is after a few weeks of testing. i mean lets get the $$$$ rollin right?

to melpheos

i see ur from paris or u live there at least?

well this summer ill be visiting my good friend in germany. he lives very close to the french border and were deff gonna be visiting paris so ill tell u ahead of time if ur around then you can show us around paris and stuff.

je parle le francais mais pas beacoup.

did i say that right? lol you know here in lebanon most people speak french and im french educated but livin in the US made me forget it. i still understand perfectly though

--- 帖子 #825 ---
After testing it, I'll start on may the 2nd trading it live with a small account (starting with 1.000$ at Oanda, risk will be 2% per trade) using mainly 30m-1h-4h. I'll document my trades in a forum, but it's in german.  I could make a summarise here if you want to?

Regards - Xaron

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Boxing,

You tolds us a few weeks ago about an addition to the system (taking reversal signals???)

Any news about it?

T.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
i have edited my previous post

I have just opened an account with Fxlite (branch of FXDD), waiting for username/pass and to put cash in it (i will start with 2500$ )

Yes i live in the suburb of Paris so i can give you a ride there  (in fact train is better as the traffic jam in Paris are awfull thanks to a stupid mayor)

edit : good french

--- 帖子 #828 ---
hello melpheos

i'm sorry for this missunderstood it's my fault ... now i got what you realy mean by your filter ... sorry again and thank you

good job

--- 帖子 #829 ---
it's cool, would have been bad for you if you had lost money just for that

--- 帖子 #830 ---
not at all , it's just the beginning as i told you i'm newby ... and i'm testing many systems ... hope i can find the one

--- 帖子 #831 ---
I have also tested many system (kolachi, tlatomi, part time wealth building, the bat,4h strategy, bagovino, Sidus, srdc,  ) and the only two methods that worked for me is this one and also Method BB but i'm not using it anymore as i like so much the stochs

--- 帖子 #832 ---
why don't you give it a try? i used it for two years backtest with just TS. not bad but it's just a super duper beta.

P.S. Boxen, I'm willing to make the system fully automatic if you want and you can spend some time with me to make it a good ea

--- 帖子 #833 ---
hello aghast thanks for sharing you system

but it doesn't work with me ... or i can't make it work i don't know

is there's any conditions to make it work ??

--- 帖子 #834 ---
its a completely different system im workin on. still way too beta but i promise ill get into it when i have it all sorted out

once summer sets in, ill be trading at least 3 or 4 days a week and i cant wait.

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Hey, i don't want to steal any credit. the system is from boxen. i just coded most of the rules and supplied the ea to test  whay do you mean it doesn't work?

--- 帖子 #836 ---
aghast i really appreciate the offer but im not much of an ea lover. i dont doubt ur skills at all and maybe u can program it perfectly but the idea of having a machine make money while im not doin anythin or doin somethin else just kills it for me. it sounds way too good to be true and while it can be true just the sound of it make me really uncomfortable. if u would like feel free to program it and ill help u out but  im one that treats trading as a job and will have to do my job even though trading is nothin but a hobby for me and will always be that way.

i hope u understand and obviously u are free to do whatever u want but im just not really with the idea of having an ea for it.

a major thrill of trading is doin it urself taking trades in and out and enjoying the profits and learning from the bad trades. i just cant imagine what it would be like comin home to an ea that lost say 200$ today and ur like uhh lame the next day makes 500$ yummm cool awesome. just doesnt really do it for me

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Well, i'll do it for the sport. I'm not the best programmer type but the strategy is quite easy to program and I'll manage. I can always put a trigger and it'll ask you manually every time there is a trade setup so you can press the final yes/no question

--- 帖子 #838 ---
sure why not go ahead it might actually help someone who cant constantly watch the charts even while on the computer and kinda tell em when a trade is forming. ill give it a try when its done but i doubt ill use it as you already know my stance on that subject but id be nice if it helps out some people.

i just wanna say sorry if i was abit discouraging about the subject.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
I must admit when I first looked at this method it just looked to confusing and I went on to some other stuff kicking around the forum.

I took another stab at it this weekend though and I`m really into this method.

I`d been using the 5,3,3 sotchastic on the daily charts just as is and they work quite a bit if you manage ytour money properly.

When you combine those with the rest of your system + Melpheos`s additions this thing really looks great.

Kind of takes something that`s allready good (with the 5,3,3 crosses) and makes it a great deal safer.

Thanks guys and I`m looking forward to trading this way with the daily charts + scalping with the 1 hr when I get the time between jobs.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
lol damn i just found my middle school sweetheart on facebook. havent seen her in about 8 years or so. shes lookin really good though

--- 帖子 #841 ---
i'm sorry but i don't know how it work ... is it work automatic !!

--- 帖子 #842 ---
See, now if you had that EA working for you, making you some money, you could take her out in the meantime and play the big spender...

--- 帖子 #843 ---
What is the massive drawdown (40%) at the end of the test ?

By the way i encourage everyone to have a look on this post :

http://www.forex-tsd.com/101702-post92.html

There is a very good indicator developped b CJA (who has velopped the signal bars you can see on my charts )

--- 帖子 #844 ---
massive drawdown is due to end of backtest data and the backtester closed the order at last available price

--- 帖子 #845 ---
ok thanks, do you think you could add a lot size settings, i cannot run the backtest on my plateforme as it seems you are using microlot by default and the file is ex4

Also, is the EA using the filter i have found ? (nonlagma)

--- 帖子 #846 ---
i havent added any filters. it's a quick beta. more to come later in the week

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Closed chat for today - no visitors.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #848 ---
waiting then  thanks for the work

--- 帖子 #849 ---
haha yea u know that doesnt sound bad at all. shes got exams so i wont be seeing her anytime soon though.

im gonna try and join the chatroom today

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Hi pipsacker, see you in the chat room at US open.

Thanks

Jackt

--- 帖子 #851 ---
trouble logging in paltalk.

i share a connection and i got some kind of proxy program on the main computer which allows me to have internet on my laptop and i have to configure the proxy settings on every program and what not and i think thats what the problem is. i just cant figure out how i can configure the proxy settings on paltalk

--- 帖子 #852 ---
i managed to get mirc working

its really small to download and its up and runnin

irc://irc.opera.com/sexy

just paste that into ur browser after u install mirc and its up and running

its really the only way to work coz paltalk is hopeless for me so if u guys are interested im in the room and will be there for a while today

--- 帖子 #853 ---
i'm in using http://ircatwork.com/

this server allow you to connect to any irc server without installing any application

--- 帖子 #854 ---
once you go to this site and access the server, how do you get the room where boxingislife is?

--- 帖子 #855 ---
you need to change the servername to the opera one and change the channel to sexy... et voila

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Closed chat (Currency Trading the Charts with Stochs) - no interest.  Thanks to all who participated in the past.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #857 ---
pipsacker sorry about the chat. i couldnt get paltalk to work but i did manage to get mirc to work and its much easier with an option of no download at all.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Did anyone enter a buy on GBP/USD using boxingislife?

Set up seems to be ideal

--- 帖子 #859 ---
No problem, boxingislife.    Let us know when you are going to be on mirc again.

pipsacker

--- 帖子 #860 ---
What timeframe POTP?

G-Man

--- 帖子 #861 ---
ill prob be in the chat tomorrow around 12 gmt or so whenever i get home from university

so i expect you guys to join me

ill provide a new name for the chatroom coz sexy was misleading all those sex craving internet predators lookin to cyber 15 year old teenagers just discovering chatting online

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Hello Before What, Compliments For The Method To Be Perfect Asks To You If To Be Able You To Create To Me A Diagram On Buy And Sell With Arrow Where Exactly To Acquire And To Sell In Order To Understand I Better. My Language To Be Italian And Translate Not To Come Well But With Diagram To Understand Better. Excuse For My English Little Clearly .

Thank You

Marcello

Eagle

Italy
marcidibe@hotmail.com

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Marcello,

il thread è pieno di grafici esemplificativi dove puoi cercare di capire quali sono i segnali buy e sell. Consulta le prime pagine e credo ti sarà tutto più chiaro

Buona Fortuna

Apologise all the non italian speaking member for this "italian parenthesis"

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Hey guys

I think it would be real benefecial for all if we had a chat room. The only thing about Paltalk  is that it looks messy and there are so many adds, it's also not the easiest when it comes to sending and receiving files yeah.

So why not do a SKype room.

Look me up, spiritnbreezer and send me a message on Skype so that we can get this going.

I am also wholly sure that dealers and market makers employe people to scour through Forums, in search fpor techniques that work well, just so they can trade against it, or try to fool us.

Go go go!

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Hello everyone. First time posting here. Very interesting and great thread! I tried this method and entered a couple of trades and ALL of them went to negative..... I am sure I am doing something wrong. I just want to post if there was no news coming out at 8:30EST then am I looking at the best entrance on cable right now on M30?

Saw.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
i think the best is a private IRC permanent chan but someone would have to be there all the time or at least a bot.

Edit : i'm trying to install a phpfree chat server on my personnal website, stay tuned...

Well you can see that if you had wait longer, each of your trade would have been positive... Also the signal is not very strong with a light pull back which not very sufficient when the stoch 20 and it's signal line are very close to each other

Also make a zoom out on your chart, looking so closely to so few candle make you forget the whole picture

Edit2 : up 40% in less than a month with a 9% max drawndown...

--- 帖子 #867 ---
I didn't take those green ones. Just the possibility but not enough to take positions. I experimented the news with the blue arrow. Of cause every body knows I lost it again. hahaha.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
So guys, it seems like many of you would like to have a chat room on this method, but I saw only few people in #sexy IRC channel. And I decided to make some kind of guide on how to use IRC and join the chat. Btw we've changed channels name to #stoch_traders_group to avoid those sexy lovers =).

1. The simpliest way is to go to ircatwork.com as Melpheous mentioned.

Nickname: type in your nick.

Server:irc.opera.com

Channel:#stoch_traders_group

Thats it.

2. You can also download software-based chat platform (I use xChat/xchat.org or you may use mIRC/mirc.com or even Opera/opera.com).

When you run xChat first time you will see a dialog window "Network list". You should enter your nickname, user name etc. Then press +Add button, type "Opera" in new row appeared. Press "Edit" and in a new dialog window  ("Edit Opera") you should press "Edit" again and type in irc.opera.com in "Server for Opera" field. Almost done. The last step is when you type #stoch_traders_group in "Channels to join". Thats it. Now you can join the chat by pressing "Connect".

Just my 2 cents..................

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Hi friends.

I just wanted to thank BoxingIsLife and everyone else that keeps this thread active. I've read every post from the very first one and I think the sexy stochastics system is awesome. I'm just beginning testing it but I'm confident that it will work very well.

My question about the chat room is: what's the time it's most active.

I'm from USA and on Central time zone. (That is one hr ahead of New York time, I think GMT-6) So when is everyone usually on it? I tried a few times but there is never anyone on. I'm on the #stoch_traders_group channel on the mIRC OperaNet Network. I think the settings are right, but still no one seems to be there but me. What's up?

I'll keep checking in to see if anyone is chatting.

I hope everyone keeps posting their results and keeps helping us noobs learn more about using the trading system.

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Melpheos,

Just a quick thanks to you for taking the time to make the the Sexy Stochastics Guide. It helps to make it easier to understand the way the trading system works.

I recommend anyone who is interested in trading this system to read it thoroughly before you start trading with it.

Btw, did you make any pips today?

--- 帖子 #871 ---
around 150 pips mixed between GBPYEN, EURCAD and EURUSD

--- 帖子 #872 ---
no need to type in Bold, size 20, UPPER CASE (come on !!! your capslock key is broken or what ? ) and colored if you want to ask something :-/

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Hello, To Be Able To Say If To Have Understood Well? You See Diagram

Thanks

Marcello

Italy

--- 帖子 #874 ---
sorry...melpheos, excuse… is confused to me.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
yes, you have a perfect signal here... (the signaling candle is a bit long )

read the guide for some tips and also a good filter

On the second order (buy) you are a bit quick as the order is before the cross of the 5 but sometime it gives very good entry point

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Melpheos,

What time frame is your main chart that you will look for the set up? is it the 15min? Is it also your TF for the trigger or you looking at a lower TF for it after getting the setup?

Can you also recall the max drawdown you had with this method?

Thanks,

T.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
main chart is on H1 but i tend to look more and more frequently on M15 when i see something happening on H1 like a big candle

My max drawndown until now has been 4.5% (it went up to 9% but that was not related to the method itself but to a network disconnection and 3 orders that went out on the market because of this disconnection - yeah i know i should put stop loss but i prefer to cut my loss when i see a sign that the trade is not going the way it was supposed to, until now it has paid quite nicely  )

--- 帖子 #878 ---
better what? to 5M or 15 min?

best regards

marcello

italy

--- 帖子 #879 ---
There is not "best" time frame... Just look the one you feel at ease with...

--- 帖子 #880 ---
sometimes not good entrance to 15m being instead good to 1h and on the contrary. true being?

thanks

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Yes that is true. You can have a good signal on H1 but none on M15 or the contrary this is because the 5 and the 20 have to be kinda "synchronised" to get a good signal.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Melpheos,

So what do you do when you have a nice setup on 15 min but not on the 1H? do you take it?

And what do you do on the opposite case, 1H looks good but not the 15M?

Do you have a different SL for each time frame?

T.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
tzachi

each time frame has different stops

u cant use a 15-20 pip stop on a 1h gbpusd trade

but u should easily be able to on a 15 min trade

just because the 1h isnt showing a signal doesnt mean the 15 min is a bad signal. basically look at it this way, the more confirmation u have the better

so if u have a trade on the 15 min chart to go long and the 1h is pointing up or the price has been moving up nicely then it would be a good signal

if u see the 1h pointing down and the 15 min just gave u a signal to buy then it would obviously be a bad trade or one u should avoid. **edited

u dont need the 1h to look exactly the same as a 15 min chart to take the trade but at least make sure its not the opposite. does that make sense?

dont confuse urself with timeframes and confirmations. if ur worried just start with 1 timeframe and only take the best trades. alot of trades i have taken i never bothered to look at a different timeframe because the setup was just so good. if it fails it fails and it can happen all the time

--- 帖子 #884 ---
i can't agree more

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Boxingislife & Melpheos,

WILL DO.

Many thanks for your input.

T.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Boxingislife and Melpheos ,

thanks thanks thanks of your gentility.

now to have understood perfectly !!!

marcello

italy

sicily

palermo

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Hello again,

I've been away and couldn't post. I made some updates. Please test. I hope this time it will re-open a trade when it has closed the prevoius by itself or by the user (god make it work). Also it'll make a screenshot of the trade in the files folder so you can post it here and we can analyze. Download the template and unzip in the terminal folder. Then just restart the terminal and lay the template on the chart you want. Good luck.

P.S. You can change the lots from inputs.

Here is an example of what I mean. The EA will save a snapshot of the chart when it takes a position. Then you can put it here so we can see and adjust it if needed. Here is a short position it made on the EURGBP. Files are located in "MetaTrader\experts\files".

--- 帖子 #888 ---
i'll test it and give you a feedback

edit : up and running on many charts, i will let it run on a demo account to see what it does.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Great. Thanks for the help. I've made the EA enter when the signal is in the overbought/oversold area because usually this is a better entry point for the smaller timeframes. When main signal is in overbought/oversold it is a little bit early in my oppinion.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
I played a little bit today and created this little indicator that show all situation in a single view about the buy/sell signal that this method is giving on different Stoch for multiple timeframe from M5 to H1.

Stoch5 means Stochastic(5,3,3), Stoch20 means Stochastic(20,10,20) and Stoch50 means Stochastic(50,10,20).

If arrow is pointing up (green) then is a buy signal otherwise if it's pointing down (red) is a sell. The more arrow of the same direction/color we get the more the signal is stronger.

Anyway discretional is still to be used , since the trader should check for the single timeframe to see where the various stoch are.

http://img78.imageshack.us/img78/614/gbpusdm5rn8.jpg

In attachment you can find also sexy stochastic template shown in the above picture.

Hope it could be helpfull

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #891 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=843

but thanks for developping this one as it allow you to see the 5/20/50 at the same time as the other indicator authorises only one stoch

--- 帖子 #892 ---
ok guys heres gbpusd

if it breaks that trendline and the 20 stays above the 80 line we should see price moving further up (another good thing is the 70 is above the 80 line too)

ok the story of the new stoch.

i got rid of the 50 and the 100 and decided on something between. basically less clutter and somethin that combines the two

the settings are 70 and 20 for slowing. the signal line is 1.

u guys can keep the old settings or go with the new one it doesnt matter either way they will yield the same results since our main focus is the 20.

ok my next point:

im wondering if any programmers or people that create indicators can create something that paint bars according to the 20

lets say the 20 is moving up then the indicator would paint the bars or candles green. sort of like heiken ashi.

this isnt really somethin needed and even if i had it i would keep all the stochs. but it would be a nice visual. easy on the eyes especially if ur watching too many charts u can quickly glance around

ok if anyone can pull this off its greatly appreciated.

when 20 is moving up or above 80 paint the bars/candles green. if the opposite then paint them red. well any color would be a nice option but u get the idea

--- 帖子 #893 ---
did anyone hear that natasha bedingfield song? its somethin like "i wanna have ur babies get serious like crazy"

i like it its a catchy tune but the chick seems a bit wacko to me like shes not all there in the brain department but it could be some kind of new fab that is even beyond me lol

so yep i decided i will not be doing school this summer and trading full time. its time to make some serious $$$. i promised my mom and dad a nice vacation for just the 2 of em wherever they decide. silly goal if u think about it but it would mean alot to them.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Kindly post your new template.

thanks and best regards,

Vasu

--- 帖子 #895 ---
i attached the template

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Great Forum! I've tested several systems to validate signals...this one rocks. Nice .

--- 帖子 #897 ---
I hope all the best for your trading career  I would too change my life and start a living with trading but I still have to learn sooo much

--- 帖子 #898 ---
hehe who knows, maybe, this summer will be the revelation and you wont have to go to university nor have to find a job...

Last week, i have made 5000€ for my company but my actual salary is around 1800€ (and i dont receive benefit ). That is what's mostely sux in job, you make money for other ppl... Ah, also you have to wake up ^^

--- 帖子 #899 ---
There was several very good trade to do today on different pair

Allmost every pair gave very good signal if you had the chance to look at the right TF

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Did the EA catch them?

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Here you go:

http://img469.imageshack.us/img469/4...candlesmr0.gif

Good luck with your trading!

--- 帖子 #902 ---
i will tell you tomorrow, the EA is on my work PC and i have no access today (french national holiday)

--- 帖子 #903 ---
yea in a way its nice if it does happen but id like to finish college as painful as that process can be lol

yea i hear ya. in florida i was working full time and going to school part time at night mostly. but waking up early everyday was killer so i hear ya on that one

--- 帖子 #904 ---
iya please share your code, we (coders) like to learn each other

--- 帖子 #905 ---
thank you very much!!! this should be a nice visual. just wanna remind everyone not to count completely on it and continue watching the stochs.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Alright, I usually share my code right away. I guess it was the recent: sharing will ruin a system, stuff. But this indicator must probably not be kept a secret, lol. Have fun!

--- 帖子 #907 ---
eurusd 15 min

would have gave u a minimum of 30 or 40 pips deff more

im using the painted candles and i wanna say that even though towards the end the candles turned green, the 20 and 70 were still under the 20 line so any shorts should have worked out and in fact did as we see in the third rectangle. so dont strictly count on the painted candles but just use em as a nice visual (easy on the eyes)

--- 帖子 #908 ---
maybe it would a good change to have the candle stay red if the 20/50 are still in oversold...

i wont be using this graphic improvement as it is a bit disturbing...

--- 帖子 #909 ---
yea thats what i really want but i dont wanna be too demanding and i dont know how difficult it is to program it

i appreciate the indicator but i would like for the candles to be green when the stoch is overbought and red when its oversold. this is aside from what the current indicator has

--- 帖子 #910 ---
I will start testing the EA tonight in my VPS. Ill post the results daily.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Thx iya

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Nah, you can insert pretty much any condition, easily.

Skyline and others can probably help out with this, too. I have to admit I haven't read most of the thread. I'll probably try the EA, next.

http://img64.imageshack.us/img64/262...candlesys7.gif

--- 帖子 #913 ---
nice work !

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Hi there.

The EA caught two trades on eurcad, one sell and one buy but for two pips only because of the new MT4 version that shows the 5th decimal (so the pip count is different now )

I have changed the settings so that the long term is also 20-10-20 and leave it running.

It's on M15...

A nice addition would be to set a level of the 5 cross trigger. Atm, it is above 80 and under 20 and this is very secured but the option to change it to lower level would be nice.

Also, the TP is set automaticaly ? How the orders are closed when the TP is not reached ? How is the TP calculated ?

Thanks for the work

Edit: i dont understand why so few people are interested by this method... It is soooo damn good...

--- 帖子 #915 ---
What about backtest of EA?

Are there any reliable results?

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Hey everyone, my first time posting in this thread. I haven't tried out this method personally yet, but I did some poking through the thread and from what I can tell it is indeed sexy.

I have a question though. I admit I've been really busy lately and I haven't had time to go back through and read every post, so I might just be missing something. But are there any differences between the way tradingislife does this and the way melpheos does this? And are the results different?

To both of you and all else who contribute here though, thank you for bringing sexy back. It has been gone for far too long.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Welcome,

I'm fairly new here also, but as far as I can tell this is still a work in progress. Please, for your own sake, take the time to start at the begining and download the sexy guide. Personally, I've been tweaking things here and there and getting very good results. Wish I too had more time to develope and chat, but that will come in time.

Happy trades!

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Hi, I think this is what you've wanted. Please write if not. I've had the EA at 1 hour charts and it did really good. 45 pips in the bag.

P.S. TP is not calculated. It's user defined. You don't close the orders until the TP is hit. It's just a beta. That's why I want people to test and make it a EA with the feedback.

P.P.S. I've attached a picture of the trade that was opened and closed with 25 pips profit during the test today.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Cool, i'll change the previous EA to this new version and let it run on H1 on many charts (this is just a test so the more occasion it has, the better  ) and give you a feedback

Edit : yes that's exactely what i wanted  you are a great coder

--- 帖子 #920 ---
For more occasions try 15/30 charts that are ranging (like the chf pairs)

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Iya

i know you can do this and hope you (or somebody )will , can you make the candles one color for over 80 and another color for between 80-20 and another color for below 20

thanks alot

--- 帖子 #922 ---
I wanted to play around with the EA a little bit but I can't get it to run. It has the gray icon next to it whenever I look at it in MT4.

I have both Import DLLs and Live enabled too in MQ4 too.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
lol i wanna add to this or maybe reitirate it

lets say the 20 is trending up but between 20 and 80 lines then wll have a certain color (for example medium green as in trend is up but still not overbought)

if its trending down and between 20 and 80 lines wll have another color(dark red trend is down but not oversold for example)

and when above 80 a certain color(lime green as in trend is overbought and going strong) and below 20 a certain color(bright red trend is down big time) coz the direction of the 20 above 80 or below 20 doesnt matter.

hope that makes sense and thank you guys very much

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Testing the EA on M15. Will add 30M and H1 today and start using the new version.

Today trades on M15:

Closed Trades

Buy GBPJPY @ 238.83 TP @ 239.08 / +25 pips

Open Trades

Sell USDCAD @ 1.1067 / +8 pips

Buy EURUSD @ 1.3542 / -17 pips

--- 帖子 #925 ---
ok i have to discuss some stuff that i said in the past in the thread

the ea on less than 1h would be a bad idea

because u can get many signals throughout the night or slow trading sessions and lose quiet alot. i only use the 15 min during europe or US session or the overlap of both. so unless u can specify a criteria to only trade between certain times this could be a problem.

another thing is that sometimes price consolidates and u can enter at consolidation rather than wait for the 5 to cross. this can give u a few more pips and ull be able to get in and spot good entries like that as u gain experience. maybe the ea can just look at the 20 and 70 and wait for the 5 to pull back at least to the middle then enter the trade. just a suggestion.

keep those things on mind. i wanna help u guys out coz otherwise i can tell u that much that without taking into consideration some of that stuff, the ea would be a failure. human discretion and experience is what makes me stay away from ea's and usually can turn a system into a winner or a loser. but if u guys can manage to program and take into account some of those extra pointers then things should go smooth

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Thank you for your advice Boxingislife! I was just following the thread and taking the recommendations for the EA posted.

A few good backtests can give you a general idea of the best performing timeframes.

Have you tested your system on H4? It may be a good timeframe to catch up nice trends.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
pabloski

ive tested my system on alot of timeframes including tick charts

4h signals are one of my favorite and yes they do catch good moves

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Anyone has noticed this ?

We need a bit of confirmation but that looks promising

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Hi Melpheos,

Im wondering in your guide you put together, you mention on EJ alone producing over 400 pips per month, im just wondering which timeframe that is based on, thanks alot, great thread and system.

westie

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Yeah Melpheos, I noticed that. I have just shorted 1 hour ago @ 0.7327.

This trade is well supported by fundamantals so thats my confirmation.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
o

What settings do you have your red stoch at, my cross of those larger stochs looks much different to yours visualy, i have 20 10 20 and 70 10 20

Thanks

--- 帖子 #932 ---
I like this color thing. Been working on similar changes to the indicator submitted by Skyline with the different timeframes and stochastics, but not much progress yet. Maybe this weekend have more time. A combo of the two indicators would almost make me wet my pants!

--- 帖子 #933 ---
If you look in one of my old post on this topic you should find a manual simulation of this.

If i remember well it was on M15 or H1

Edit : no trade on my work office with the EA... I have changed the TF to M5 just to test (not to make profit as on this TF, there should be a lot of good signal but with bad return )

I'm still using 50/10/20 but anyway i'm not really using the long stoch, mainly using the 5 and 20 only

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Guys, I forgot to tell you that if you put the EA on different timeframes on the SAME pair you have to change the Identifier (Magic Number) to something else. For example M15 om EURUSD use 111, M30 on EURUSD use 222, H1 on EURUSD use 333 and so on. When on the same pair.

P.S. I've added a line to give you the ability to change the magic number. Good trading today. A lot of news. Be on alert.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
No worries, it on only one TF  but thans, i'm trying to do a backtest with my plateform but i cannot convert to M15 and H1 dunno why and on M5 it stops in 2005 with a very good profit but i cannot reproduce it :-/

Also the stop out occur because there is no SL as far as i can see... Is there one ?

With a SL i think this EA could be winner (the strategy is a winner allready but i really though i was not possible to actually code it, you are doing a great job )

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Hi, from back to top. There is no SL at the moment. I can add it but boxingislife has to share some thoughts on it. Does he use one?

Charts are converted with "period_converter" in scripts folder. Just drop it on the chart and it will convert it. If you don't know how you have to download a databank from alpari (1 minute) and import it into the history center. Than open offline the chart and convert the period. Search google for a guide. Only then the tests will be partly reliable. I don't know why it closes it. Must be a MT4 thing.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
After some work it was just a small bug... It's ok now

Backtesting running and forward also... Here is one result

It seems that when low period and long period stoch have the same value, the EA will not send any order (this is what i see from backtest and forward test )

Also the order is send as soon as a cross of the 5 occurs even if it is not existing at the end of the candle.

The results are very tempting with only 4 loosing trade in 204 (and whats more when you look at the data, the failed order are only because of the implementation of the 5th decimal in MT4 standard release )

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Another backtest, with high leverage but with high security (signal given only when above/under 90/10 ) TP set @ 50 pips (you see 500 but that's again because of the newest MT4 ver )

Also note that this is without money management nor SL (hence the last big drop due to the long term uptrend on the Yen )

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Hi melpheos,

We all know about the limitations with backtesting but these results are nothing but sensational if they are close to what would have happened.

For your second test you state that these were at better risk as you used the 90/10 levels but if your fist test is valid I don't think that a 98% win rate can be sniffed at. This is actually higher than the second safer test, which achieved 97%.

The trade rate is also interesting.

Test 1 : 204 trades in 621 calender days, which equates to appx 1 trade every 2.25 trading days.

Test 2 : 35 trades in 716 calender days, which equates to appx 1 trade every 14.5 trading days.

From this I would think that the 'safer' method doesn't offer any real advantage.

Have you run any other tests? I know boxing doesn't recommend the 15 min but if this example is reliable then we may be able to revise this understanding.

I have the EA running on demo on several pairs on 5 min charts just to get more action. Seems to work OK to date. What we need to do is collate some real-time forward testing results and then run a back-test to compare. If that looks promising then it would add some support to the value of the longer term backtests that you have run.

Congratulations on keeping up the content on this thread. I havn't posted much but I have been keepong my eye on it.

Here's to some automated pips!!

G-Man

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Addendum to the above:

If the TP on the safer setup looks better then a trailling stop on the earlier version may be beneficial.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #941 ---
That's because there is no SL. So the pair eventually gets back to the level and closes in profit.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
That could be the case, but it is quite possible that an entry is at a long term peak or trough meaning the TP is not hit. We would also need to examine the exits then as there were 4 trades that did exit for a loss.

Without the code to analyse it is difficult to determine exactly when the exit criteria is. We could always add in a SL and see how performance is effected and what the intra-trade drawdown is.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #943 ---
well well well

seems like this thread has been kept alive thanks to you guys

started trading live took about 20 pips in the last 30 min on gbpusd

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Hi there boxing.

Nice job on cable. Been some bigger moves today after a lackluster start.

The problem I have mainly with this is looking at different timeframes. I mainly follow the hourly charts with this method using the 4hr for some guidance.

Miss many entries but the ones I get are usually sound. Would be fantastic if an EA could be developed that offers what has been backtested.

Here's hoping.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Has anyone else tried the EA using MT4 from Interbank FX?

I tried it at work and it refuses to load. I tried reinstalling MT4 (that's worked other times), but still to no avail. I even tried installing on my home computer and it wouldn't load there either.  The only thing in common between the two computers is the fact that they are both running MT4 from Interbank FX.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
I was just having a closer look at your statement and I don't know how valid it is as there may be errors.

The reason I say this is I was looking closer at the losing trades. In sequence:

1: Opened 2/7/04 Closed 24/8/04 Open for 53 days

2: Opened 21/9/04 Closed 17/1/05 Open for 118 days

3: Opened 16/2/05 Closed 28/4/05 Open for 71 days

Not sure what this means exactly but it does suggest some inaccuracy.

Lets see what the forward testing delivers.

The Force

--- 帖子 #947 ---
the problem i think is the fact the ea posted is just the ex4 file or whatever. interbankfx requires the ea with the source for it to function

so i cant put any pressure on the programmers because it is their work but if they are ok with posting the ea with the source then well thats a plus.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
The reason why the position take so much time to close sometime its because the EA took a bad trade and wait for the price came back.Usualy the market price will come back maybe in a hour but sometime it took years to came back. Using a EA without SL its not a thing to do.

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #949 ---
I have run quite a few EAs w/o source on IBFX , that is most certainly not the problem. The same is true for indicators as well. A goodly portion of the EAs posted on these forums are posted in this way, to prevent people from selling them on ebay as their own.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
I see your point Eric but then why did the orders get closed for a loss?

I agree though that the EA needs a SL.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Hi G-Man,

I realy dont know why it get closed for a loss.its maybe the EA who closed the trade or maybe a internal security in the MT4 platform who close trade if it dont have enought data (missing day).

Personaly when i tested the EA i saw 1 trade who was still open with a drawdown of 21k, because the price didnt get back to the TP.

Best Regards,

Eric

--- 帖子 #952 ---
You would be right.  The platform does require the source code.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
I'll admit, I'm new to Forex.  I've some live success in News trading but I want to get into Trend trading.  Everything I've read on various systems has left me w/ a headache.  So, is there a link somewhere that can tell me how to read the indicators in .tpl that boxing posted.  Namely, what are the triggers to get in and out?

Something simple that a blonde can understand.  :

I am a coder and a math weenie.  So if I got to understanding 'how' this works, I could help out on some EA's or something.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Hi guys,

i would like to share a thing with you all because i think that will help you all to archive more profit with your current system.I work at a bank right now as trader and the first thing i learned at my day 1 is: Its IMPOSSIBLE to blow a account with a bad trading system, but its easy to blow up a entire account with a good trading system.

Ill explain here : When you get a trigger with any system you are using right now, you expect the price to move in one direction, North or South. The first thing you need to determine is, how many pips this trigger can possibly make, for exemple ill say 50 pips in North direction. ok now we have the first information to analise what we will do. The second thing is to find a corfirmation to be sure our trigger was a good one and not a wispaw. For that you need to think how many pips you will let in the market for your safety trigger. in this exemple ill say 15 pip.

Now we have all our information needed to take a trade,ill place a pending order 15 pip upper than the current price(Pending order), if my trigger is hit , good , if not well , was a wispaw.Dont wait 2 hour before removing your pending order if it didnt get reach.MOnitor permanently your position , you dont know if you will archive your 35 pip (50 - 15).Always trade with 2 lot. half way close 50% of your position and put BreakEven + 1 for your last 50%, its your runner, maybe you was wrong and the price will retrace and hit your BE+1 ,no big deal, im at leat + 1 pips up on this one but maybe the trend will continue like hell and ill make 200 pips, nobody know and even bank.

Using that, if you get a crappy day with a bunch of wispaw, you will maybe loose some pips but 80% will be avoided.The only and the most important thing is you need to understand your current trading system to know how it react with the market. if usualy each trigger can make 30 pip, use about 1/4 for your safety so in this exemple 7-8 pips, but its up to you , each trading system use different parameter so find yours.

Market order is used to trade News, USA are good, Sell eur/usd , USA are bad, Buy eur/usd. Pending order are for safe trade when you dont know exactly where the market go.

The last thing is "Why the market move in this direction and not in this way", Often you will see the market going crazy and its not cuz people are trading to make money.If a bank need 400million Euro cuz a custumer request that, the bank will buy 400million euro and sell X USD, that will move the market for no reason. Alot of people use Visa, and you can Buy about anything in different currency using you Visa card , Visa need to convert some big amount of money too , and trow the order to bank who will buy/sell.Its why you can get alot of wispaw as a Technical trader. So you need a safety,and your safety trigger is by not buying the current market price.

I hope that information can help some of you

Best Regards,

EricFX

P.S Sorry for my bad english

--- 帖子 #955 ---
I just remembered the other question.  How do you back test?

--- 帖子 #956 ---
check the last few pages ull find a user by the name of melpheos. hes got a guide at the end of every post so read up and enjoy

trust me this thread has been strictly trading this system and with a tiny tiny amount of changes so i suggest u stick to the rules i posted on the first page and read it so at least u can see the examples i posted

ericfx

thanks for the great info. its nice to learn from a bank trader

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Hi all,

New to this thread, but have been trading with Boxing for many months.

I am having the same problems with the EA, I can't run an EX4 file with my broker.

Here is an excellent thread on backtesting, which highlights some of the pitfalls, and the correct way to go about it and how to optimise settings without "over-optimising" by applying the 75/25 rule. http://www.strategybuilderfx.com/sho...ight=illusions

Basically this is how it works..... optimising a reasonable system will give amazing results...by definition we are optimising the best possible results based on the past data. That is not necessarily a great indicator of future results.

The 75/25 rule means that if you take 2 years historical 1 min data and use the first 18 months for optimising, then the following 6 months to validate the optimised results, to see what validity there was. Following this, a further live demo forward test should be run for a few weeks to ensure it works, then it can be run on a live account.

The backtesting without a stop doesnt demonstrate anything, as noticed by many of you. By following the above methodology to ascertain the appropriate stop and tp for each timeframe and pair will greatly assist.

Here is another strategy using Heiken Ashi methods, including using it for an exit strategy. http://www.compassfx.com/comp/Dean_M...ing_Method.pdf

His exit for a long (page 57 of this document) is based on:

1. The positive bar is much shorter than the previous bar, or

2. Changes to a negative bar at close.

I'd be very interested to get any feedback on using this as the exit point.

I hope this helps.

Matt

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Yep. If you need an MQ4 file just copy and rename whatever you want to the EA + MQ4 extension and you'll have it there. If it just requires it. I have to finish some stuff now but later in the day i'll post again. See you.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Definitely missing a SL

Here is a forward statement, started on 2007/05/07 M15 on several pair

Many winning trade but two trade are going in the "oh no, i'm going to loose all my money" because of lack of SL...

Seems very good

Edit : up 61% since the 09/04/2007 on my test account using manual trading

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Thanks aghast,

I tried as you suggested and saved it as a .mq4 file. It allowed me to do it, but the file size is only 1kb, and it only shows as "EX4" in the coding when you open it. Both versions show in grey in the Expert Advisor section and cannot be run.

Best regards,

Matt

--- 帖子 #961 ---
It is showing grey on my MT4 as well but it will run...

--- 帖子 #962 ---
This is because of the new MT4 version (standard) which shows a 5th decimal. If you look the orders, the figures are weird when the order close for a loss (like missing a decimal here and there)

ATM, the EA is not able to close any trade but because of a TP reached or because of a forced close because of margin call.

This is why i think this EA with it's near 100% rate could be a real winner but without the implementation of a SL it is not possible to do proper backtests (for example, the first trade in the latest backtest goes around minus 40-50 before turning back and reaching the TP so if you had a SL of 30, the trade would not have been profitable, this was checked with visual testing )

if the safer offer the same success rate with a far bigger pipcount we also need to do a ratio.

method1 : 1 trade every 2 day with a 10 pips return would give in 1000 days 5000 pips

method2 : 1 trade every 10 days with 70 pips return would give in 1000 days 7000 pips

It is just a stupid example but you see my point

Very good info, thanks a lot

Hey thanks for pointing out this strategy in particular the exit strategy that what i am looking for as my entry point in very clear now

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Are there any templates based on the Sexy 1.1 pdf out there? I've got the
Stochastics indicators but I can't find the other 3 in the MT4 platform that I'm using.

This may be why I'm having problems following this method.
Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Hey all,

I have been studying this method for 3 weeks now and have been trading it live for the last 2 weeks. I am trading GBP/JPY, GBP/USD, EUR/USD, & USD/JPY. The first week was good at +220 pips. This week was my best week at +365 pips. I am doing this part time, by being able to be in front of my computer roughly 15 hours per week. I use Interbank FX for charts and Oanda for my trades.

I simplified this system this week as follows .... I mainly look at 1hour charts. When the Blue 20,10,20 stoch line changes slope/direction and comes up from below 30 I am ready to buy long. I then wait for the 5,3,3 stoch to reload (best if it goes below 20 and heads up, but mainly just changes direction). Then I place my trade. (The same holds true only reverse for shorts....Blue 20,10,20 stoch line goes down from 70)

I am getting out one of three ways..... when the 5,3,3 stoch hits the 80 line or reverses or I get chicken and want to book pips (usually 15 to 35 pips then close trades). Not being greedy is OK. I started the week trading 3000 units and built confidence. Toward the end of the week some trades were 10,000 units. Obviously, nothing to get rich with, but fits my style, and want to book consistent pips before increasing $.

Stop loss at 50 to 75.

I started Sunday and made 17 trades thru today. 15 trades closed positive for +390 pips, 2 trades I closed out for -19 pips and -6 pips (the 5,3,3 stoch was losing steam and got scared). None hit my stop loss.

This simple system, part time netted me $213 for this week.

Best advise I can give is there are tons of 15 - 35 pip reversals/trends during each week that are identified by this system. Don't look at other systems. Don't be greedy. Catch as many reversals/trends as time allows you. Gain confidence in your version of this system. Book pips and do it over the long term. Keep it simple.

Now I am going to print that last paragraph and follow my own advise for next week.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
deff have to say congratulations

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Hi Nondisclosure,

Today is your lucky day, here is the template that I just constructed. Hmmm...ok well i am trying to attach it using the paper clip, but its not working....any tips? when i click on the paper clip it doesnt do anything.

Cheers,

Matt

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Just got a message from boxing telling me what to do.

Enjoy

--- 帖子 #968 ---
I don't know if it makes sense, but here it is:
http://img233.imageshack.us/img233/7...candleshq1.gif

The sexy four colored stochastic candle indicator!

I've added the standard heiken ashi smoothing as an option. Maybe one could also add heiken ashi moving average.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
woot, that is definitely sexy, with MA it would nicely replace the HAMA i use

--- 帖子 #970 ---
WoW looks real good will check it out

thanks

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Wow!  GREAT WORK!!!!

Now, lets see if my blonde brain has this right:

The Heiken Ashi bars are colored depending on Long or Short.  they coincide w/ Stochs at the bottom.

Lime Green goes w/ the KPeriod of 5

Yellow goes w/ the DPeriod of 3

RoyalBlue Solid goes w/ the KPeriod of 20

RoyalBlue dotted goes w/ the DPeroid of 10

OrangeRed sold goes w/ the KPeriod of 50

Red dotted goes w/ the DPeriod of 10 (this one w/ 20 slowing).

Let me know if I got that right or wrong please.

What does the EA do?  Will it signal a possible buy/sell?  How?

I'm going to read the Sexy 1.1 pdf over the weekend.  I hope it'll tel me what the MACD STR and EMA table is in the upper right hand corner.

Again, thanks for everything!!!  I'm new, but I want to start soon so I can post my results too.

PS.  Right now, if I remember correctly, Interbank is moving their servers.

-Michael.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
I haven't managed to get the EA working yet. Had it running yesterday on multiple timeframes and pairs but it didn't enter any trades. On some of the forum threads that I have been looking at they say that if the EA appears in grey as this one does then there is an issue with the coding.

The red and green panel with MACD STR and EMA is a trend indicator in multiple timeframes. You can use it to review your trade when you enter or exit. For example you may have a long entry on the 1 hour signalled, but the 1, 5 and 15 minutes on this indicator may be red. You could then have a look at the stoch (and other indicator) setups to time the entry correctly on smaller time frames, and minimise possible losses. The thread where I got this panel from is here.... http://www.forex-tsd.com/tools-utili...on-helper.html

I'm also interested to know exactly what has been programmed into the EA.

Aghast - Could you please explain which version of the system is coded into it, and what determines the entry and exit points. Which of the indicators have been used? Thanks.

My biggest tip, never trade against the arrows. On the timeframe that you are trading in, wait for the big red or blue arrow and only trade in that direction. I can't believe how accurate they are as predictors.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
If anyone else has been getting frustrated trying to include the Calendar Indicator that is mentioned in this thread, here is the latest version, that works fine.

Also find attached the updated template including the Calendar. I feel like I'm all set and ready to trade using this template now. Thanks very much to all contributors.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Here is a full bundle of the indicators i use plus my present template (subject to change in the future )

--- 帖子 #975 ---
iya

thank you so very much. it looks amazing.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
I've added a HAMA option. I'd say this basically turns it into a stochastic colored moving average. Isn't it odd that HAMA candles have almost no lower wicks, but large upper wicks? So I reckon they have no significance. Maybe somebody can explain (again?) how they are used in this method, thanks!

http://img405.imageshack.us/img405/1...candlesxj8.gif

--- 帖子 #977 ---
I've loaded it into MT4 and here's what I have when I go to Indicator list:

Main-

Heiken Ashi

FFCal_V05

Indicator Window 1-

Stochastic

Stochastic

Stochastic

I don't think I'm missing anything.  Am I?

Also, why not have the EA alert you as to entering orders?

-Michael.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Well i would say that you are missing the NonlagMA filter

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Any idea on where/how to get it/set it up?

--- 帖子 #980 ---
maybe clicking on the different link in my sign would give you a hint....

in earlier post, you said that you would read the guide, have you done so ?

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Hi Melpheos,

I downloaded the bundle of indicators you are using along with your template.  When I load your template, MT4 crashes.  I'll have to do a little trouble shooting I guess...

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Still reading it.  Nice bundle!  I like the buy/sell arrow indicators.  cool!

It must be the blonde in me.  :

--- 帖子 #983 ---
I've been studying today how the MA Cross buy and sell arrows work. They aren't actually confirmed until after the full period has been completed for the candle following the one it appears on.

For example, on an hourly chart in GBP/USD, the candle for 0100 to 0200 is formed, then the following candle starts moving down, and a down arrow appears above the 0100, then there is a sharp spike up at 0225, and the direction of the arrow may then REVERSE to going up. The only time that it  can be assumed that the arrow direction is likely to be correct is when the following candle has been completed. In this example it is going to be at 0300.

When you look at it on the charts however, you see this amazing trade as though the signal could have got you in at the start of the first candle, not at the end of the second one. On a 1 hour candle this can make the difference of 100-200 pips in GBP/USD.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
As said before, the MA crossover signal is for exit only not for entry... Also, it is my exit strategy and unfortunately there is no perfect exit strategy

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Thanks for clarifying Melpheos. I just wanted to make sure that anyone else that was looking at the charts like i have been was aware of this fact.

Have a look at the following as potential exit signals (for short trades)....I have been studying GBP/USD 1 hour charts, so they are "fitted" for that pair and timeframe, but my aim was to ensure that the trade stayed in till the bottom, but exited at about the correct time:

1. Stoch 5,4,3. The 4 line turns up higher than the end of the previous period.

2. Stoch 10,8,3. The 8 crosses the 10. This appears a much better exit signal than the 5,3,3 with the 3 crossing the 5, as you stay in longer for the longer moves rather than getting shaken out.

Only exit for each at the end of the bar, if the condition still holds.

I'd be interested to hear your thoughts. Please note that I am still experimenting with these settings, after developing them through observation.

Cheers,

Matt.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
i am allways looking for improvement on the exit  thanks for pointing this out, i will have a look

--- 帖子 #987 ---
I don't know why i bothered reading this entire thread. The strategy posted on the first post was sufficient enough for a great strategy. Why edit such a wonderful strategy with things that are useless?..

Just manually trade it, and you will see what i mean.

Happy pippin'

--- 帖子 #988 ---
The only addition is the nonlagma which is a very very good filter and reading the guide i made i sufficient in any way

--- 帖子 #989 ---
PM me for asking which (simple) indicator to develop

FP

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Ok.  I read the pdf.  But I don't have the right lines associated w/ the numbers.  As I look at the attached chart, which line is the 50, 20, 10, etc.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Melph. I hate to be rude mate. But the only filter needed on an indicator based system, is knowledge. You cannot filter an indicator with an indicator. Even if its "nonlag" aka "repainting".

Having used this system now for 3 days on the 15 minute time frame, I have made 190 pips. Only 1 loss and it was very small. But its as the author said, its all about taking the best set up.

There is no point turning it into an EA or adding extra indicators. It just clutters your screen and makes things pointless. An EA will always promote loss. We all know that.

Best bet is to start from the beginning again, and enjoy the profits.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
i'm no pointing an EA... The point of the nonlagma filter is to take more successfull trade than with the original method.

I agree with the fact that if you wait for the perfect setup you should have around 95% success rate (i have tested it this way myself) but i can't be in front of my PC all the time this is the reason why i worked for a filter that could allow you to take more trade.

The reason of this filter is because i take what boxingislife call halfbroke trade ^^ and taking those require a filter.

Also, the stochastic are not a filter but an indicator used as a signal and in the default setup the 50 act as a filter.

If you remove the 50, you need a different filter hence the use of nonlagma.

Ps: no worries, you are not rude. You are just posting your point of view

The green are the 5, the bold red/blue are the 20, the ticked line are the 50...

You can see which indicator is which by hovering the line with you mouse. Please try to make some effort and read, read, read...

--- 帖子 #993 ---
nondisclosure00

dude i dont care if ur blonde redhead or brunette or u got purple hair. i cant spoon feed u everything and no one else can either. if u cant even figure out the stochastics associated with the method then move on to another one and stop posting stuff like is there a simplified version or i dont understand this or that. its weird that everyone else did great and u cant figure out the simple stuff. maybe if u read the thread from the beginning at least the first couple of pages to get the rules and look at the examples u will do great.

so once again please try to read the thread and understand

thanks

--- 帖子 #994 ---
nzd/usd is preparing something good one more time (signal preparing on daily chart ) it took the previous signal and grabbed 68 pips on this one

--- 帖子 #995 ---
hi melpheos,

personaly, what pair do u trade?

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Did you attach a live trading screenshot for us, melpheos? And are you still checking multiple TF for this method?

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Look some of my previous post, i'm sure i have posted some screenshot and Boxingislife shots are allmost all live trade (i am about to start live trade but i'm waiting to fund my account to 3000$ because ATM it's only 1400$ and i feel this is not sufficient for my trade plan )

I dont have open position atm (just closed my last EURCAD and i wont trade this pair until the spread is better - Fxlite spread on this pair is 10 pips )

I tade 12 pairs but 3 are Yen pair so in fact i never hold more than one position in yen pair

For TF, i look allmost every TF but not M1 and M5 which are not very usefull most of the time (sometime setup on M5 pays out but that is an exception and you need to be there at the right time which might be difficult )

--- 帖子 #998 ---
gbpusd weekly

im buyin every 30-50 pip drop and or everytime i get a signal on the smaller time frame coz it looks like its going alot higher in the next few weeks. so im gonna try and ride it with multi lots

--- 帖子 #999 ---
i will wait for a Daily reversal, ATM it is in a downtrend but with the 50 stuck in overbought

Ps : anyone planning to go long on any Yen pair should be very carefull as we are back to the historical record and a massive pull back is possible

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
melpheos, the indicators are ok?

thank you

marcello

eagles

italy

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
ok...

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
I'm pretty sure that this has been covered, but just in case, lol... You can use an RVI the same way. I find that the Meta RVI is a bit faster at predicting new moves/trends...

Anyhoo, just in case nobody mentioned this yet...

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Nobody mentionned it yet

Could you post a screenshot with the setup so we get an idea

edit : i have studied it for little time but with a period of 20 it seems to give a pretty good exit point. Yet i dont see how you can set it up to it achieve the same results as the stochs

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Setting up notrade rules for this system has been quite easy. Most importantly, looking at what level the slow stoch lines are at.

Should be able to make 10+ 10 pip trades per day pretty easily if you ahve the time to watch the 15 min chart. Tested the 1hr with 4hr verification, it failed miserably in my test. And I am an adrenalin trader.... 15 min is worth it.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Wooooo made my first real 50 pips today (could have been much better if i had not freaked out but thats very cool allready ) but ATM im only trading minilot so only 50$ in the pocket

I took in particular this trade but stop at 16 pips instead of more than 40....Grrrr....

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
melpheos,

I waited for one your answer…

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
You may not have gotten the 40 pips, but you got the 16. And what's better you didn't lose 16 AND you didn't lose 40.

You kept what you have and then added to it. To me that is more important than catching all the price move.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
hi melpheos,

nice trade u have there. what's that Aqua channel on your chart? do we need it?

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Sorry i can't see any question... Or your question is missing the question mark :-p and dont put angry smillies, i dont owe you anything...

It replace the BB i was using and not looking at. It's just a high/low EMA8.

Here is a quick trade running with +37 pips atm (locked 20 )

Closed @ +58 as it is getting late and the move is over

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Hi Melpheos,

Could you tell me what pairs and what timeframes your last 2 posted charts are for.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
oups yes for the first one it is audusd, the second one eur/usd (+50 pips now )

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Hi Melpheos,

On which bar did you enter?

And on the close or the open?

Thanks,

FP

P.S. Congratulations on your first live success!!!!

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
and... what timeframes?

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Think they were both on the 15 min charts - They both look like almost perfect examples of the system in action - especially the AudUsd.

As has been said before most days you will find at least one maybe more perfect set-ups if you monitor a few pairs and a few timeframes.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Yes, screen shot does not show TF :-/ , i'll try to post the screenshot with pair and TF next time (tomorrow ? )

Closed the €$ @ +58 because of the hour of the day (this pair usually stop moving around 18:30-19 GMT+1

I have one brake even audyen and -16 on Gbpyen running but i'm up around 110 pips for today. Hope it will go the same way tomorrow

Watch for this trade around midnight GMT+1 this is usdcad on H4

Ps : honestly, doesn't my chart look damn sexy ? ^^

Allways on close but on fast TF you can open before the close

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
I was joking for the smile.

I asked kindly if indicator are ok?? and if the timeframe to 1H going well??

thank you

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Takisd,

What about trading the 5 min chart?

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Melpheos,

Just wanted to say GREAT JOB.

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
on your screenshot the 50 are OK but the 20 have crossed and might head up so i would not have taken this trade on this particular time frame (M15 M30 gave reliable signal today but i managed to make only 10 pips on this one it's GBPUSD right ? )

I think your are missing an indicator as the signalbarV6 is showing something wrong on your screenshot

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hi Mel

I downloaded fxlite mt4 and loaded your template into it,

my stochs look very different to yours, below see your chart

and my chart, both 15 min tf i believe, notice the 533 stochs on yours

reaches the 80 line to give the signal for short on euro, where mine

doesnt even reach 50, do you have any idea why this might be?

Sorry about that, I switched to 5 min and it was exactly the same as yours,

I take it you took that euro short off the 5min signal then,

also do you trade live with fxlite, or only use it for charting.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
yes i trade live as of today and the signal was indeed from M5 (it is possible on this pair because of the very small spread ) but i think i got a bit lucky on this one as i was not expecting such a big move

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
good job melpheos.

to all others, melpheos is a living proof that this method works nicely. hes done great on a demo and had a great start on a live account and anyone can too with practice and watching charts.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hi Stochheads,

attached is 4hr euro, if this crosses on the 5 33 stoch, im looking to go long

anyone see a problem with a setup like this, im just learning so I like to post some setups occasionlyy

thanks

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
H1 and D1 are saying short and on H4 the 20 are starting to go south... on the other hand, fundamental of $ are terrible but last figure are not that bad so we cant know for sure.

Here is D1 chart. I see big hesitation on this chart...

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Hi Melpheos.

In the #1015 image there's a lot of information bellow #Signal_Bars indicator. Could you share with us what's there?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
What do you guys think of these possible setups?

The 1H euro looks like it's setting up for a good short, the longer term stochastics on the 4H look like they're turning, and the Daily chart is also showing a short.

The cad i'm not so sure about, as the 1H looks like it's setting up for a perfect long, while the 4H is showing short.  The 5 stochastic on the Daily seems to be turning, though.  Would you guys trade the cad in this situation?

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
I am short on the euro from this system, no time to post screenshot, but i think its gonna be a dang good position.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
what timeframe are you short based on, I don't see any good short setup.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
What Euro are you talking about, I can't see any sign of a short signal on E$ on any of the standard timeframes

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Nothing remotely resembling a set-up on the EURJPY either, if he has the correct currency he must be talking about an exotic

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
There was a nice long on the 15m euroyen which has been good for a few pips. (20 or so)

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Was euro, and wasn't a "perfect" setup, on the 15 min, I jumped the gun a bit based on my other analysis, was only 1 line crossed in the short position.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Thanks Takisd,

See what you mean, when you post could you say what pair you are talking about, if you just say euro it could be one of many.

Thanks and good trading

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
http://www.forex-tsd.com/suggestions...indicator.html

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Just wanted to let out a HOLA! to all using this sytem.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
lol spiritbreezer

hola back to u

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
4 hours 5,3,3 now up, 20,10,20 still down but to 20 lines , now I wait for cross 5,3,3 hour up - below 20 lines and buy GBPUSD-better also up 20,10,20

thick lines 4 hod 5,3,3,

medium 5,3,3 1 hour

thin 20,10,20-

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
nzd M15 showing good, and what's wonderfull is that it is support by no less than M30, H1, H4 and D1

Shorted a few minutes before and BE now

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Made money today trading this system on e/u x2 g/u and a/u.

1 of my e/u positions was premature but i still profited from it, wasnt the cleanest of signals. Best signal came from aud.

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
be carefull trading $ pair.

Here you are trading only $ pair hence when one is a success, the other has a high chance of being successfull as well.

for example trading £$ and €$ will just lead in doubling your position on $ hence increasing your risk on the same currency

edit : this is the other 3 trades i have respectively $€, audcad and audyen

All are winning more than +10 pips now except €$ +20. ATM i up +60 pips

edit2 : had to close all trade because i cannot watch my screen for a while. Closed the day @ +60 pips

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
is no different to trading any pair with the same currencies in it. whether it be usd/cad eur/cad gbp/cad all have cad in it..

You get the signal you trade it. This system (short term) is not good for cross pairs, as the spread is too high.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
I'm trying to login to the IRC trading chat using XChat software (the IRC@Work.com gave me an internal server error).  I'm not able to login as the connection keeps getting refused.   XChat finds the server irc.opera.com at IP 193.69.116.8 and is trying to connect to port 9999, but is always refused.  Any help?  Should there be a different connection port I can direct it to?

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
What about going long or short in the usd pairs, Gbp pairs, JPY, CH etc, now place a 15 point stop on each, now say you were long on the usd/gbp and get stopped out, but you were short on the gbp/usd this should be a winner and let it ride!!!

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
usd/gbp and gbp/usd ??

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
port is 6667 not 9999

Anyone remember this i posted last night ? http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1015

Look the chart now. The trade could have been opened exactly at the hour i said (too bad i was sleeping). Could have make around 50-60 pips depending on your entry.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
melpheos,

1)the income arrow long or short comes at the close marked of the candle?

2)to see that better timeframe to be to 4H, confirmations?

thank

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
1)arrows appears at the close of the candle

2) there is no better TF, each TF might show a perfect signal at a given time but note than allmost all big move are shown by a perfect signal on at least one TF

Here is the latest move i did not take because it was allready late in the day on audjpy (probably showing on other yen pair i did not check)

As you can see, you could have take this move looking at 2 different TF for a mere 20 pips which is pretty good at this time of the day

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Thanks Melpheos, I can get logged on now.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Thanks Melpheos,

for your gentility and compliments for the magnificent method .

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
It looks to me that all the pairs will go long today on the majors, eur/usd and gbp/usd.. Aud/usd however has more downward momentum. Am waiting for the first positions, should come in an hour.

We might get an up then a down.. Which will be good for positions, would mean lots of profits.

If you have been in the market for a while (year or so) you will realise what the day will be like with this system, and what positions you will be looking for.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
friends,

to exist an alarm email in automatic rifle when price to catch up long or short?

I not to be always to the computer.
thanks

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
honestly i see more short position than long position atm but we will see at the end of the day, every pair is saying short on daily

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Up only 20 pips today because i made two bade trade on yen pair ( now i can't even find why i took those trade so it was an error on my side obviously)

2 good trade despites this but they are on the same CAD pair so you can consider this as a .2 single trade (i should not have done this, must refrain me from doing this )

Check the screenshots, entry on AUDCAD was .9009 and on USDCAD 1.0959 exited @ .8969 and 1.0926

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
to exist an alarm email in automatic rifle when price to catch up long or short?

thanks

best regards

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
have a look in the old post on this thread, someone posted such indicator (i dont remember when )

Edit : look the picture i have taken. Watching GBPYEN on M5 could have given you 400 pips today (did not gave anything to me as i did not watch the market on this TF on this pair, too bad for me :-/ anyway i dont think i have the nerf for it yet ^^ )

This strategy is so great i still wonder why so few ppl look at it ??? everyone is watching the 4hour strategy or the 5 minute strategy

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Probobly because most people can't handle 400 pips a day!!!

G-Man

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
to excuse melpheos, I to write your language badly, they are Italian. my question to be: to be able I to have a way for being informed com email when my diagram suggests long or short?

thank you

today + 60 pips

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Hi Melpheos

Do you tend to concentrate on the 5 minutes, most of your recent trades seem to be on that timeframe.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Ask someone to make you such an indicator... I dont have such indicator by hand but have a look here http://www.forexfactory.com/forumdisplay.php?f=71#

Maybe in the lot one of them has an email function.

Also, i think you'd rely on an automatic translator such as google translation service because it's very difficult to understand you.

Why not ? I think my record in one day is 380 pips...

I'm on holiday so i have spare time to watch a lot of TF  Too bad, my holiday finishes today

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Hi Melpheos,

Sorry to be a pain, could you tell me your personal settings for the long Stochastics, I can get the blue 50 line the same as yours but the 20 is nothing like yours.

Thanks

Don't Worry I have worked it out, didn't realise that both thick lines red and blue were of the 20 stoch, thought one was the 20 and the other was the 50.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Got the long then the short .. O happy days.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
nice shot

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
I know not much has been done w/ this indicator. But after I looked at the code, I understood this system! And I see potential room for adding the rest of the indicators needed to provide full setups needed (as per the Microsoft Word - Sexy Stochastics1.1.pdf posted by melpheos in his signature all the time).

For the code slingers out there, here's the errata:

// Edits by Nondisclosure00.

// Errata:

// Added visual indicators for te Stoch lines.

// Added placement of visual indicators.

// Cleaned up formatting of code for ease of reading.

// Bug List:

// None that I'm aware of. I've assumed that the triggers are correct. They match the pdf v1.1.

// ToDo:

// Add the NonlagMA indicator.

// Add the 5 indicator into the mix.

// Convert into an EA.

In the attached image, I've circled in bold yellow the indicator.

This indicator isn't complete. See errata. But I'm working on it.

Thanks!

PS. I think boxingislife wrote this orginally, kudos to him!

PPSS.  If anyone has something they'd like added, let me know (If you've got code for it for me to intigrate, even better.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Nice work, thanks for spending some time on this. I will have look to see how it behave, watching chart waiting for setup can be boring at a time ^^

What do you mean by : "Add the 5 indicator into the mix." ?

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
The last part of the setups in the PDF in your sig.

Make sense?

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Ho i see, yes ATM the indicator just look it there is a cross of the 5 in the other direction of the the 20 and 50 but does not look if the cross happened under or above a given level.

It would be nice if level of the cross could be chosen like in aghast EA

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
level of cross on the 5?  Like if it happened above 30 or 80, etc.?

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
yes, like in the screenshot i have made of the GBPYEN earlier

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Ok. I've got something I'd like you to look at. It's the latest indicator.

In the lower right hand corner of chart window you'll see text either in blue or red that correspond to the 'indications' in your pdf. Which indicator is going which way.

I've also added a Stoch5 setting that the user can set where they want the 5 line to be above.

Let me know where what's wrong. As soon as I get the indicators right, I can start working on the EA.

If anyone else is interested in this, please understand, it's still in BETA (maybe ALPHA). Until I've got the 'bugs' worked out (thanks in advance to melpheos for his help), I wouldn't recommend trying it.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Hi thanks for keeping the good work... I'm looking into the code right now (despite i'm not a coder  ) to understand it.

I dont understand the 70 setting for the position of the 5. I think there should be two settings, one for the downtrend signal and one for the uptrend signal. I think it is harder to code but you are allready doing a great job !

I have placed it on different charts to see how the text react and it seems ok so far except for the nonlagma which seems wrong (i dont understand why looking at the code )

Despite the fact there is a way=2 code which should say that the nonlagma is flat, when applied to chart, the only text i have is UP or DOWN, never flat (despite it is flat )

Edit : never mind after reading again, it seems that only part of the nonlagma is intergrated

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Hi Melpheos,

If you have time could you define the exact rules you now use with this method, I know they are slightly different to the original guide, for example you now use both lines of the stoch 20 as your guide instead of the 20/50.

What do you use to guide you past iffy set-ups to what you feel are the best ones.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
look et previously comentar-

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Most of the time i use the agressive entry i have described in the guide i've made out of boxingislife strategy but do not forget totally the 50...

You must still have a look at the 50 and see what they are doing or what they are going to do.

It'a a bit difficult to explain and you need to have you eyes accustomed to it.

Personnaly, i would not have taken this trade as the 20 are really one above the other but sometime even this kin of setup pays out

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Here's the latest w/ the Stoch5 up and Down settings. I hope I got them right. It's early here in AZ, USA. Just waking up.

As far as NonLagMA, which part am I missing? The number I get from the NonLagMA is either 1 or -1 (for trending). I get that because, I think, the NonLagMA never goes flat. There could be a difference in 0.0001 and it would seem flat, but technically, it isn't. Better question, what should it be?

Ignore the 'way' variables (way=2, etc.). I've got the commented out. It's there to setup for the EA.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Good morning then

Ho i see, i think then that the Nonlagma code must have some filtering saying to trace the line as flat somewhere because even if it shows red or blue, it can be flat...

In fact, hovering on the nonlagma gives different value but i dont know if you can retreive them as it seems you are getting only -1 and 1 ... Geee i'd love to be a coder so i could help you more than this

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Hey, don't worry about it.  Having you, someone who is making $ on this system live, checking it for me helps more than you could ever know.    The MT4 language is a 2nd, illigitmate, 3 times removed, in-bred version of 'C'.

You know, I was out in my Spa (yes, it's early but the water temp is 82F and the air, even at 8am, is 83F), when it dawned on me too.  The NonLagMA is drawing lines, so there has to be a way to get the values out.  Once I got those, I could determine 'true' trend.  I'm going to have to post to anther Forex site to some guy where I got the original code from.  He seem's to be pretty good w/ NonLagMA.

In the meantime, could you watch the other indicators and make sure I got them right?  I'm going back out to the Spa and spend some time w/ the wife and kiddies.  I should be back in about an hour or 2.

Thanks Again!!!

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
I think the Nonlagma gives wrong information to your main code or your not taking them right.

Have a look on the screenshot, the nonlagma is trending up but the text tells it's going down...

Or it's they way you want it to be for the future EA ?

edit : i wish i have a spa. I allready have a wife and a kid

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Well the goal on the NonLagMA is to take only blue and red lines heading in a direction other than flat.  That's what I'm shooting.  I'm not getting it now.

Here's a new EA that doesn't have the NonLagMA.  I want to research that some more before I go off on it.  Can you keep an eye on the other indicators and let me know if they're right?

Thx.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
nondisclosure

sorry about my harsh tone in my earlier post. melpheos made a great guide i just dont want people just lookin at it. theres tons of great info in the thread and missing it is like disregarding 50% of the whole method in my opinion. thanks for contributing  and yea sorry once again no hard feelings

monthly chart

gbpchf

goin up

very good signal

if u dont have much time to trade i suggest u enter when daily provides buy signals and ride it up. im thinkin at least 700-1000 pips up in the next 2 months if it works out.

check out the chart

its so colorful and nice i love it lol

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Hey, don't worry about it.  I got broad shoulders.

Hey, if you see me missing something in the indicators; an indicator that maybe I forgot and am not figuring out correctly, let me know, will ya?

I don't know if you've been following the thread closely, but my eventual goal is to turn this into an EA.  Once I get the trends knocked out to figure out the entries, then it's on to figuring out the exits.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Whoot the chart looks sexy

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
yea ill let u know if theres anything missing

and thanks for working on this and the ea

very sorry once again. not my nature whatsoever just been stressed out with exams and such and im a very self controlling person(that might be a good way to describe things) i can usually keep myself from blowing up in general and on anyone in specific but lost control for a second there.

gbpusd 1h

is it reversing and heading back up? its gonna resume the uptrend eventually but it might go down some more before it starts going back up again. who knows. i think its about ready to turn especially since the 5 and 9 oversold on the daily

also on the 30 min we got a good buy signal. and price broke above the 50 ma and found support. and we got hidden divergence.

i think itl be heading further up tonight and tomorrow

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
I dont know, the daily seems still in a strong downtrend but the 20 shows that there is less and less seller.

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
The number of stoch lines and later indicators turned me off. It was hard on the eyes at first when I didn't know how to read the chart. The other two competing stoch method looked simpler. The ideas behind all 3 strategies are the same ... but the first page and timing of the thread has to do a lot with being a hit with the public.

You guys have a good thread going ... keep it up!

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Boxingislife, Am I reading this right?  You have 4 buy orders on the same pair?  I ask becuase I had in mind for the EA to only have 1 open position per pair, irregardless of timeframe.  Am I wrong in thinking this way?

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
nope 1 position at a time is best. but when u trade this system manually and u gain more and more experience, u start to scale in so when u get a signal and u enter well price might go against u a few more pips. so why not enter another position and profit on both? only when a very good signal is there.

here im doin the same. gbpusd trend is up big time. weekly ready to turn back up so here im not really waiting for signals just adding whenever i feel like it really but the main part is following the trend. it would be smarter to enter when i get signals but with my time limited in front of the computer i cant. ill prob keep entering trades as price continues to drop or ill add to my positions if it starts to head back up.

also my positions are very small in size compared to the usual. i use small positions when i scale in which is most of the time and on most of my trades.

scaling in is great as long as u know when to cut ur losses. thats why only when we have a really really good signal.

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Ah, I see.  Then it sounds like 1 trade at a time per pair would be just fine for an EA that's going to run almost all the time; I assume most would if comes out working.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Here is the last result of the EA made by Aghast with closed trade and ..... open trade...

There is no SL so dont be too surprised by the results which are so so...

Good signal this morning on USDCAD, it's a bigtrend so i think i will stick with this one for a long time

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
We may have something here

I doubt of it's potential but with the yen we never know ^^

not paying ATM i missed the exit... I stick with and will close if necessary (clear reversal)

Edit : it's just ranging around my entry going to -10 +10 -10 +10 :-/ i'm reluctant to let it go with just +10 but i think on the next +10 i will take it...

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Took this one this morning also just closed it at +23 as the stoch are crossing in oversold on M30 and H1...

Might still go under but i prefer to take what i've got

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Hi, Melheos.

Please keep on posting !

BBF

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
i'm in the chatroom if you want to chitchat

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Are the chat details posted under your signature current way to access chat

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
yes, we are two ATM, very crowdy ^^

About to close my last trade... Day was so so with 35pips gain, that's 4 consecutive days of trading without loss

Too bad i missed this trade :-/ , there was 40 easy pips

Another quick 5 pips trade (could have been better but the time of the day got me exited when profit was in) I entered a bit late resulting also in fewer pip. quick entry should have resulted in 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
sorry i was out. will post the code and the ea later. i've had some pressing matters to attend to. will reply to all pm's and will do the ea.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Seen a few what would have been false entries today, has anyone taken any of these or have you filtered them out, if so could you say what you have done.

Example is 15m dollar cad

and 15, cadjpy

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
U cant win them all, so dont expect to.

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
I don't expect to Takisd, just wondered if anyone is using any other filtering methods.

If you have nothing relevant to say why bother posting.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Just trying to understand the entries a little better, did anyone, or would anyone have taken this one.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
I have been working on a version of this system for EUR/CHF 15 minute chart. Please find attached my template which is fairly basic, the stoch 5,3,3 and Stoch 20, 10, 20, along with a bollinger 2, 20 period and a bollinger 3, 20 period.

Basically use the stochs as confirmation with the bollinger band level 2 when EURCHF is trading nicely in a band. Look for small profits around 9 pips per trade with relatively wide stops, around 17 or so....scalping heaven.  Other versions of this system that I have been trialling have had 86% win rates in backtesting with 9 pip tp and 17 pip stop.

I would only trade this when the Bollinger band level 2 high band and low band are around 18 pips apart, and avoid trading close to news time for either EUR or CHF, as well as major news in USD. If there is a slight trend, only trade in the direction of the trend.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Or this one, as I say just trying to find out why these wouldn't be taken. This is a great system but I still have a bit of trouble sorting the "A" Trades from the rest.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
anyone in the GBPUSD signal

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
what timeframe?

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
To everyone, today was a crapy day for all pair beside GBP...

All pair ranged for the day whole day so any signal taken would have result in at best less than 10 pips, BE or loss...

Today was not good for intraday, i only had 2 winning trade with on audyen short +7 and eurgbp short and still opened but my other trade are loss, i keep them because the long term is looking good but that was not a good day to trade

PS : aghast cool you are back  thanks for working on the EA, Nondisclosure might be willing to help if needed

edit : closed at +5... crappy day.... no news.... no market

edit2 : i think we have some potential here

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
banked big time on gbpusd with multi positions

scorpion

the A trades have to include the right time of day, the right timeframe and the right setup. check some of my posts. basically u need a 20 and a 50 or 70 trending up or down big time and a plus would be in the direction of the major trend and the 5 to pull back a reasonable amount. time of day is important dont take a 5 min signal during the asian session on gbpusd or eurusd. chances are it will fail. this is all posted before check out teh first page and the rest. thats why i really want everyone interested in this to read the whole thread at least the first couple pages and write down the important stuff or save em. i mean look at melpheos hes doin great and hes been with me from the start and he saw how i do things and eventually added some stuff and made his own version. not everyone has to do this but at least everyone should read the thread completely and check out all the examples and notes ive added.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
you have still way to go to your entry point... The trend is still very strong on any TF. I hope for you it will revert.

I updated the guide btw so ppl read the topic as well and not only focus on the guide.

edit : a quick trade, up 5 pips now i'll probably exit soon before the swap hit

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Aghast, need anything just hollar!

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
After many long coding nights, it's here! The SexyBack Indicator!! This takes into account all of the 'perfect' indicator triggers in Melphoes PDF Guide.

Instructions:Download both files and place them into your indicators directory.  Load MT4.  Pick your favorite pair and timeframe. load whatever other indicators you want. load this one. It will place text in the lower right corner of the chart window telling you if it's a 'buy', 'sell', or 'calm down sparky' (flat) indicator.

Settings:Global_Corner: what corner of the chart window you want the indicator to appear. Integer. 0=Upper Left, 1=Upper Right, 2=lower left , 3=lower right Xdist and Ydist: The distance from absolute 0 (0,0) on the XY cordinates. Not sure how it's actually measured, but I found 3 for each to be good. StochLevelDown: The bottom Stoch level you want the 5 main to go below. Read PDF for further explanation StochLevelUp: The top Stoch level you want the 5 main to be above. Read PDF for further explanation Beta test and let me know what you guys think. Post all requests, problems, etc. here. I'll get to them when I can.

THANKS!
-Nondiscloseure00 (It's actually supposed to be Nondisclosure007, but FF took off the last character.  ).

PS. Thanks to igorad for the new NonLagMA indicator. You can find the post of it here.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
thx for your work,

colud you please write- whats

first indicator--  50,10,20?

second 20,10,20?

third? 5,3,3?

thx

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Great job !!!

I was not aware of the new nonlagma (i stopped at the V6 but did not used it as there was allmost no change )

I'm going to put it right now in testing

Edit : for the nonlagma, you need to change a lot of settings inside the code of the indicator in order to have allmost the same presentation as before. Here is the settings i use 0-8-0-2-1-0-0-0-0. I must say, i'm not sure the nonlagmaV7 is as good as the nonlagmaV5. I need to check with the default settings to see what it got and if it suits the sexy stochs strategy as a filter

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
What I said was relevant. There is always going to be losing trades, and you asked how you can filter them out. Its simple, you can't.. You have to lose sometimes, its how the market works.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
I never said that there would not be any loosing trade.

If you have let say 10 trade, in which you have 7 good trade and 3 bad trade.

If the filter filters 2 bad trade and mistakenly filter one good trade you are now in a position with 6 good trade and 1 bad trade which is statistically better than 7/3

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Takisd,

I never ask how you can filter out all losing trades, I know thats a pipe dream, but as Melpheos says you can filter some out which must be worthwhile, I was just asking what tools different people use.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
You know, you can edit your post rather than writing several post in a row... and no, i dont have exit point. The best is to wait for the market to tell you when to exit

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
is ti oh key?

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Woot you are kicking ass now... let's buy a ferrari now

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
make the 50 solid blue, the 20 dotted red and the 5 (2) green ... even easier on the sexy eyes

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Hey melpheos, boxing, I was wondering what you guys look at when you have gotten into a trade and realize it's not going your way.  I see some losses for 5 pips, 15 pips, etc.  I have been trading live for about two weeks now using a set stop for eurusd, gbpusd, audusd, nzdusd, usdjpy, and another, but higher, set stop on the more volatile pairs like gbpjpy.

I would love to having something that would get me out of bad trades early rather than taking a full hit each time I have a losing trade.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
hehe trust me i knew what i was doing. thats why im grateful for the experience ive gained over the past few years of trading. maybe i didnt make fortunes and trade full time but i gained experience that will help me in the future

i just closed out i had about 4 gbpusd longs and a few buy orders all closed for a profit for a total of about 300 pips today. pretty happy

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Thanks for this useful indicator Non-disclosure. I was wondering if it would be possible to have the indicator work more like the MA Cross does with red and blue (or alternative colour) arrows. This would make it easier to visually backtest, and you would then know when the buy/sell signal started.

I'm looking forward to the EA version to be able to backtest it. Keep up the great work.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
i plus that, arrow or any sign would be better for backtesting and also to see allready if an EA will perform well or not as i suppose the EA will be based on the indicator

edit : bad day for me loss of 60$ because i was unable to follow my position and the rate change of the BOE fucked up the place big time (including my positions ^^ )

Luckily i still had my usdcad short running that saved part of losses. I wish i could really with all of you  the GBP pair gave several pull back sign i could not take )

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
I have just been observing the signal on the 15 min usd/jpy chart as attached. It started giving a buy signal at the wrong time in the cycle, (when the 5,3,3 stoch was at overbought and about to cross down again). I think just from observing that it identified the 20,10,20 getting above 30 as a buy signal trigger. You need to include in the programming that a buy signal is only triggered when both 5 > 3 in the current period, and 5 < 3 in the previous period. I can help you with the coding of this if u need a hand.

Cheers,

Matt.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
yes that is something that is easily seen if you browse in the different TF on each pair. You definitely get signal which are i think wrong. An arrow would help looking where it went wrong

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Melpheos.  Made the changes on the NonLagMA settings.  check it out.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
I think that's ok, i have just renamed the nonlagmaV5 to nonlagmaV7.1 ^^ and it worked flawesly...

I had no time to test the V7.1 but for what i have seen untill now, i dont like it very much...

Ho yes, i've just seen that the settings of the nonlagmaV7 are within the code of your indicator ... Think it would be better to have the opportunity to set them as doing so, the optimisation is possible...

I have made a very small mod of the nonlagmaV7.1 so you can change the settings without playing in the code

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Hi, can someone point me to the page with the current working EA of this system if there is one for me to forward test.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
try to first understand the method and forward test it manually before asking for an EA (there is one but without SL so in fact there is none :-p )

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
This time w/ new and improved graphics.

Here it is.  w/ blue suns for buy, and red rain drops for sell.  test and see what you see.

Let me know where it's wrong so that I can correct it.  put up some screen shots of where it missed along w/ a vertical line on the spot that it missed so I can figure out what's going on.

Thanks gang!

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Thanks for working so hard

It's still a beta so no surprise it's buggy

I see only buy sign on all my chart and the signal seems wrong according to the normal setup

The signal appears pretty late on the chart and repeatidly while the setup is not there anymore. Also as said before (even if on the chart i post it's a bullish trend) there is only buy sign. I have to move to a customer, i will see later on if playing with the settings and with other currency the issue is still the same

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Are you testing EA on weekly chart? It says for timeframe weekly!

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
No, i just put the screenshot of a weekly chart because that is the last one i felt onto...

But any TF shows the same thing

edit : i'm not doing good lately. I think i'm looking on too fast TF while at work. I need to focus on slower TF to suit my job :-/

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Well, I've figured out part of the problem , i think, (if not all of it); the signals are coming on every tick, not every candle like the pdf says.  I'll work on that.  along w/ why i'm not getting any sell triggers.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Melpheos,

thanks.  Could you put a vertical line in where the buy and sell indicators should be?  I thought I had them on the right candle, but you say they're pretty late.

Also, what happened to the Stoch50 line?  With that out of the equation, are manual signals more accurate?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Here is a screenshot on usdcad, the only signal that might be a "good" signal would be the 4th one but there is no pull back so noone sane would have took it yet i understand why the indicator shows it as a good signal (cross of the 5)

Second file show the same chart but with 20/80 settings instead of 30/70

I'll get in touch with you on the chatroom when i'm back from work in around 30 mins

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Finally having a good trade after several loss H1 rocks ^^

+17 pips ATM

I missed it this morning :-/ i was struggling with my loosing missing the real opportunities

edit : exited at +16 pips it's getting late

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Ok gang, here's the latest.  It's getting there.  I could really use some help on figuring out the Stoch's and what they should be.

Here's the 'pseduo' code:

If Stoch(20,10,20) > Stoch(50,10,20) and

Stoch(20,10,20) > It's signal line; and

Stoch(50,10,20) > It's signal line; and

NonLagMA trend is going up; and

Stoch(5,3,3) > It's signal line; then

BUY!

If Stoch(20,10,20) < Stoch(50,10,20) and

Stoch(20,10,20) < It's signal line; and

Stoch(50,10,20) < It's signal line; and

NonLagMA trend is going down; and

Stoch(5,3,3) < It's signal line; then

SELL!

Anything else and we leave it alone.

But w/ these settings I'm missing out on some, what should be obvious, indicators.  Can anyone help?

I'm really at a stand still here.  If I could figure this last one out, I could be on my way to doing the EA.

Here's the latest indicator.

Thanks again everyone!  Believe it or not, I think w/ a good indicator (and even better EA), we could all improve our profits (I hope, at least that's my goal).  .... And, in a sick and twisted way, I'm sort of having fun figuring this out.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
I'll try to give you better rules today if i have time to work on them

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
melpheos what time will u be in the chatroom?

can i get the info to access it please

thanks

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
The info the access the chat are in my sign (trading room)

edit : i'm back ^^ just exited a +25 long on euryen (H1 signal - not very good but i start to see classic trade now) waiting for reentry (might be visible on M15 hey we are friday i have some time to spare to trade )

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
perfect trade has been perfoming in 4h  in gbpusd- 50 and 20 are going upwards nicely and 5 stoch crossed .

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
If think the way it is handle is not good.

The stoch 5,3,3 have to be handle by a cross and not by a direction.

you have to stay with

If Stoch(20,10,20) > Stoch(50,10,20) and

Stoch(20,10,20) > It's signal line; and

Stoch(50,10,20) > It's signal line and

stoch 20,10,20 is going up

stoch 50,10,20 is going up

Stoch 5,3,3 has cross below a certain level (that you can define with a extern int ) with the stoch 5,3,3 going up and the stoch 5,3,3 still going up

the nonlagma is going up after a maximum of a certain numbre of bar (that you can define as well but i have seen up to 4 bar for a good setup)

But you need to make sure that if the stoch 5,3,3 cross to the downward, a code would say to stop considering the nonlagma.

I believe it would be something like

if stoch 5,3,3 cross upward then X=1

if stoch 5,3,3 cross downard then X=2

You are right, need to wait one more hour for the setup to be confimed (on my plateform it's gmt+2)

Edit : the latest indicator seems definitely better than the previous previous , i definitely like the "you miss the buy signal" , it's very good

Edit2 : after small testing i see that it misses a lot of signal (maybe it's the nonlagma settings i dont know but those settings should be in a extern int so you can change them - it will be better for optimisation any way later on ) and according to the following chart, you can see that there is much more seel signal than buy signal despite the uptrend and several signal that you can visually see. Also the level 20/80 does not seems to be working at all (changing them to 80/20 does not change the signal at all )

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Hello Melphoes,

There are soo many same indicators have been posted here and its getting difficult to follow which ones are working correctly and which ones to ignore.

Can you please help me?

Thanks for all your wonderfull support and your information and same to boxinglife.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Spoon feeding is bad for your health... There is a guide and the topic, take the time to read it

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
lol....Actualy i am reading your guide which is fantastic and able to set all the indicators execpt for the settings in MA crossover. After I added those 5 and 8 MA lines where do I apply these parameters 1-5-0-8 ?

I was under the impression that these indicators will have those MA lines

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Okay finally I found the MA Crossover indicator. I had to dig hard

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
i dont understand why you had to dig hard ? All necessary indicator are in my signature ...

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
i don't think you need more indicators.

in fact, you may need less...

take a look at the BLine system at:

http://dacharts.org/archives/2Xbline/

Moderator Note:

At the request of the author of the thread. Please take note that this method is not the same as the author's. The author's method is inspired from this one. but the settings are unique and there are other changes.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Boxingislife said i think in it's first post that his system was inspired by the slingshot system but i'm very glad you brought that link here. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
I'm not quite sure I get this.  Could you expand on this?

.  I don't like this too much as it could get you into a trend too late.  I could put in the 'angle' of a nonlagma swing (i think, i'm still working on this).

when you say 'cross' you mean 'chang direction', not 'cross w/ it's signal line.

the last indicator i'll write for release will allow a user to set his own text, color, etc.

I say it's the 50 and 20 lines that are making me miss the marks.

et al (everyone), post some pics of your charts where you have entered in a good solid trade.  show where the setup for this entry happened w/ a red vertical line, like in the chart I have attached.  the more I have, the more i can help determine a good entry.

thanks.

melpheos, i'll work on the rules some more soon.  I just go laid off today from my job, i need some down time.  i'll be back in a day or so.  thx.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Sorry man. I feel so dumb..Didnt pay attention to your signatures.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
i can garantee you that it's the only way to get it right or in this case forget totally about the nonlagma as it will then serve no purpose. Dont worry too much about this, but thinking about implementing this before making the EA is definitely a plus

I am changing my settings right now, give me some time on this

Gee that sux, i've never been sacked but i'm pretty sure that's not cool. Hope you will find a new job pretty soon

I'm simplifying my chart lately (well tonight)

This is how it looks now. Why having indicator that your not using. They just cluster your view.

But in the meantime I am testing this indicator, it might do good

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
I see you removed the signal lines for the Stoch.  does that affect the signals your looking for?  and if so, how?

What NonLAgMA indicator are you using now?  I see you've got one for mostly flat and angled lines.

Let me know how the new indicator works.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
I have studies the different good signal i have and i have discovered that all the time, when the signal is good you just have 20/50 up (for buy i mean) and 5 just making a pull back and changing direction. So in fact, looking only for the direction should be enough on the 20/50 and waiting for a V shape of the 5 is OK.

I have to do some visual backtest today.

After some backtest it seems ok... But it's starting to develop in a different direction than Boxingislife yet it is based on it...

As for the nonlagma i'm still using the nonlagmaV5 with the settings in my pdf

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
sorry to hear about u being laid off nondisclosure

hopefully ull find a job soon

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
I think i have found the rule to describe precisely the strategy and they are pretty complex.

I'll keep in touch with you tomorrow. I think i'll have time at work (we have a stupid law in France saying that tomorrow we have to work for free :-/ but not all company apply this so we have nothing to do this day usually)

Edit : here is my new bundle with tpl and indicators

Edit2 : no trade today and no activity

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Thanks for the interesting and very busy looking indicator bundle Melpheos. Looking forward to hearing how you are using them together.

Cheers,

Matt

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Thanks dude.  I'm hoping to land real soon.  But I've got a good severence out of it and since I haven't taken any time off in the past 3 years, I'm going to take a vacation.

I am going to take my laptop w/ me on vacation so I can still work on this though.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
work for free?  I'd rather be laid off.:

I'm going to take a look at the bundle.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
melpheos, I think I see what your saying. I have to look at the bundle first. if you get a chance, post a chart pic w/ what your talking about. If I get what your saying, it'll take, maybe, 5 minutes to code.

Edit: Looked at the bundle.  Waiting for your analysis.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
I have shifted some of the indicators around on the chart so that they aren't on top of each other. Still looks very crowded, but at least it is a bit better.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
This is the rules i think should be Ok to program for an EA.

I'll explain for buy only as sell is only the buy signal reversed

So here we go

Stoch 5 :

- current candle is higher than candle -1 by at least a defined level (for example 5 to prevent a light slope of the stoch)

- candle -1 is lower than candle -2 by at least a defined level (for example 5 to prevent a light slope of the stoch )

- candle -1 is lower than set level (for example 60)

Stoch 20 : current candle is higher than candle -1 by at least a defined level (for example 2, this is to prevent a very light slope of the stoch)

Stoch 20 : current candle K% is higher than current candle D% by at least a defined level

(for example 5, this is to simulate distance between the stoch and it's signal line)

Stoch 50 : current candle is higher than candle -1 by at least a defined level

(for example 5, this is to prevent a very low slope of the stoch)

Stoch 50 : current candle K% is higher than current candle D% by at least a defined level

(for example 5, this is to simulate distance between the stoch and it's signal line)

NonlagMA V5 : current candle is higher than candle -1 (no need to define the level but being able to define the different parameters of the Nonlagma would be great for backtesting )

Note that NonlagmaV5 often turns after the stoch5 have reversed, for this reason here is an added set of rules for this situation (i have tried to make them but the code became very messy and i got lost )

Stoch 5 :

Stoch 5 :

- current candle is higher than candle -1 by at least a defined level (for example 5 to prevent a light slope of the stoch)

- candle -1 is lower than candle -2 by at least a defined level (for example 5 to prevent a light slope of the stoch )

- candle -2 is lower than candle -3 by at least a defined level (for example 5 to prevent a light slope of the stoch )

- candle -2 is lower than set level (for example 60)

Stoch 20 : current candle is higher than candle -1 by at least a defined level (for example 2, this is to prevent a very light slope of the stoch)

Stoch 20 : current candle K% is higher than current candle D% by at least a defined level

(for example 2, this is to simulate distance between the stoch and it's signal line)

Stoch 50 : current candle is higher than candle -1 by at least a defined level

(for example 2, this is to prevent a very low slope of the stoch)

Stoch 50 : current candle K% is higher than current candle D% by at least a defined level

(for example 5, this is to simulate distance between the stoch and it's signal line)

NonlagMA V5 : current candle is higher than candle -1 (no need to define the level but being able to define the different parameters of the Nonlagma would be great for backtesting )

This process should be done for at least 3-4 candles (usually after 4 candles the signal is not good enough or the setup is not here anymore like the 5 in oversold )

But there is for sure a smarter way to make a good code.

Additional note after looking the level on good setup on my chart : the defined level should adjustable of course

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
How do you use the bollinger squeeze? For exit?

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
i'm testing it right now. I wait for red dot which shows expanded BB. It's like a volatility indicator but setting a BB sometime shows tight BB while the indicator shows volatility so i'm not sure yet...

Sidenote : there is more recent version of bbsqueeze but i prefer this one

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
I'm looking into using the Money Flow Index as an exit indicator. Set at MFI 14, when you are long and it hits 80 exit, or when short and it hits 20 exit. If you have a look at the recent run up in EUR/JPY on 1 hour chart, it would have given a great exit at the top of the run.

I'm wondering if many signals will be missed using your criteria, a 15 difference between candles on the 5 stoch is very large, and by the time you get it you have missed most of the move, I think that a lower figure would catch the move early and still be safe enough.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Dear melpheos,

I've never seen really profitable code, if it was based on standard indicators. They all're very strange and non-clear, and too artful.

And u? Have ever seen?

Maybe THIS thread'll give that profitable program-system?

And yr Heart Attack is some thing I'm always thinking of.

One says: CANDLE IS HIGHER THAN... and so on... But. The second after one second time flies... So WhEn is it higher??? Becouse of if your rule says SMTH1 > SMTH2 in the candle, that's it may happen at ANY candle moment, and may in non-pleasant too. And it can cause STOP to be executed. As we choosed H4, then our SL isn't small, moreover - VERY BIG!... For example, 100 pips can be easily run in half an hour by GBPJPY... And if u get SL 30-40 pips, then u'll take SL every 15 minutes.

Also, it's awfully important to know the ORDER OF CONDITIONS in time, that's

if it's ACTUAL OR NOT one cond is BEFORE or AFTER another in the candle,

or it all's the same... and so on...

Of course u can choose GET & HOLD strategy, and no SL in general.

Then your account will rise just in line law, u'll never get SL.

Maybe too slowly. but RISE...

Again Senseless?

Maybe we never can understand what we're doing in EA,

and each time we deceive ourself. Some people like to be deceived, and even like not to understand what they are doing.

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Pseudo Code for melphoes:

IF

Stoch5(current_candle)>Stoch5(last_candle)+5

and

Stoch5(last_candle)<Stoch5(candle_before_last_candle)+5 *

and

Stoch5(last_candle)<Stoch5(high_end_setting) *

and

Stoch20(current_candle)>Stoch20(last_candle)+2

and

Stoch20(current_candle_main)>Stoch20(current_candle_signal)+5

and

Stoch50(current_candle)>Stoch50(last_candle)+5

and

NonLagMAV5(current_candle)>NonLagMAV5(last_candle)

* Why wouldn't these be '>' instead? But hey, I'm the coder. You tell me, I code it.

Snap a pic and show me what your talking about. Will ya?

That's why we're doing this.

What if, 'current_candle' actually referred to the last candle created and NOT to the current candle that hasn't closed yet?

Conditional if says 'all expressions must evaluate to TRUE in order for condition to be astisfied'. So order doesn't really matter in a conditional if code.

I don't get this one.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Think, u're not right.

Look. Your Candle[0] - does mean nothing to broker, only a limit for work inside a candle.

As broker works in real world, not in the world of yr code.

If for this H4 candle there're conditions cond1 (true at some ticked intervals)

and cond2 (true at some another ticked intervals) and u write

"Sell if cond1 > cond2 on this candle", and nor any time these TRUE VALUE ticked intervals will crossed - then on this candle NEVER u'll get TRUE condition in result. But if cond1 and cond 2 both will be true in the

first tick if the 4H candle - your rule will be done immediately at this tick,

not at the end of candle!.. That's reason.

And June never'll make his sad song better.

The thing is HUGE IMPORTANT, and almost nobody knows of it...

P.S. I'm professional programmer for more then 20 yrs.

About a language to code TS's. I'm working with AI problems, and that all seems very familiar... For example, I code TRIANGLE in the heap of lines, in which on side is vertical:

Pattern TRIANGLE:

Vb ~ O1b, Ve ~ O2e, O1e ~ O2b

(V - means vertical line, and O - mean other angles set)

Why so short?

Brevity - is a sister of talent, as my people say.

I'm laughing now, but there's a sense in brevity:

all becomes CLEAR!

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
You made my point. don't start at candle[0], start at candel[1]. Now on a 4hr chart, that may be pointless. I'm looking at this as 15min or 30min, not around news releases.  ALWAYS buy/sell on CLOSE OF candle[1].  Hopefully you won't get 'ticked' too far off that close price.

Ah yes, the Beatles.

Those of us trying to write a TS, I think, get it. But once the candle[0] closes and turns into candle[1], why not run all of your checks and open/close at that point on whatever the tick is at?

eek. Reminds me why I got out of coding and into security(hacking). Started seeing code in my dreams.

Sorry. Didn't mean to come off like that. But it sounds like your saying 'don't even try'. I don't give up that easily. And I hate it when people tell me I can't do something. Ask my father, who when I was 20 lost a $50,000 bet on me landing a professional postion w/out a degree.

I am also having a rough time reading your english. That may be part of the confusion.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
You can set code to only enter positions at the end of the candle, rather than any time that the tick meets the conditions.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Exactly.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
I have just been thinking about ways that we may be able to improve performance on crosses. We can reasonably expect that for major US events that significant change is likely to also happen on crosses like EUR/JPY, but given that the data doesn't actually affect either currency, it could be reasonable to assume that technical indicators are more likely to hold true.

Has anyone tried trading crosses using the sexy stochs system, focusing on major US news release times to create the volume required to make large moves?

This is also something that we could code into an EA from the ffcal indicator.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
forgot one detail but i think that was obvious (to me ^^ )

current candle refers to closed candle and of course each candle rule refers to it's signal.

So for example :

Stoch 5 :

- current closed candle stoch 5is higher than candle -1 stoch 5 by at least a defined level (for example 5 to prevent a light slope of the stoch)

I think the code in this case is

extern bool EachTickMode = False

int init() {

BarCount = Bars;

if (EachTickMode) Current = 0; else Current = 1;

return(0);

}

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
I'm not sure u have understood me.

I only told u that all u write mean nothing for broker.

U can get Stop at the very start of yr trading,

if Stop is here and the movement is tremendous.

And if about yr RULES - theu can not work if there'll be big

movements inside your candle.

So Jude'll not make his song better, maybe.

About u said we all here to understand how to make good codes...

I do not see why some profitable guy will come here

and will put here all he has done...

As say my people,

Why to cut a branch on which you're sitting...

And else saying here is:

To let out Jinn from a bottle

P.S. Sorry for my bad English, dear.

I'll try in short time to be skilled englishmen.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Our famous hero sings,

EVEN Paris is open

But I don't need to come here

Sorry, all u're all speaking about is very interesting,

but my work

Pulls a blanket on itself...

(saying of my country in direct translation)

To COME THERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Here you are

Here is +1 only but i have seen up to 4 candle with very good results (but i must admit that the further in time you go the hardest it become to code)

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
yeah, I get what your saying.  I'm going to be ignoring candle[0].  the current candle.

I was following the MACrossover indie to figure out how to put arrows on charts and went 'woops', this can't be right.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
it doesn't get harder code further in time, I just get worried that once you wait 4 candles for a good setup, the movement will change on ya and you will have missed out on the trade.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Common problem w/ trading on any market. That's part of the risk.

So, everyone in here who claims to have a good system, or use a good system (melpheos), is lying. Trying to throw eveyone off.

Well, I don't agree. That's why we have 'charts'. We can see for ourselves if their 'system' does or does not show good indicators.

Do you live in Niger? And are you one of those 411 guys?

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
News moves the market too far for any trending.  If you want to trade news, I suggest finding something in the News trading forum on FF.

Something I want to get into the EA in the future, is a warning to alert a user about an upcoming news event (based on the FFCal in melpheos bundle).  It's a simple XML feed and actually gives minutes until news releases.  Or something along those lines.  Might not be necessary, but I'll have to investigate it.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
If the setup is still there, it's still there . If it's not difficult to code, you could eventually start with a candle 0 and code up to candle 4 to see which one is the more performing... (4 candles old does not show to often but 1 candle old appear really frequently )

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
I see, ANYBODY in this magnificent Forum - not! Lies.

For he/she here has come for the CONCRETE purpose.

The people, that - here without! the purposes, - here are absent.

By DEFINITION. NOBODY LIES.

But. One can be deceived.

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Thanks to U.

Fantastic images.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
are you writing with an automatic translator ??? I really dont get even a clue about what you are trying to say :-/

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
The ONLY ONE thing: I've found MY forum.

I love these people which/re accurate as can...

I was lonely for the very long period of time.

I see the end. It's near me.

Becouse some Melfious in town Paris - not just now maybe -

is about to think of me.

I like TO LIVE in the world.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
I use German-Spanish- and so on automatics.

But English is my second language, and I don't need any

another means to convert my thoughts into u know what...

Sorry, but market - isn't sleeping want u or not.

Today - I've GOT 20% of working amount - in about 30 minutes.

That's a REAL LIFE.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
You know, you can edit your previous post rather than replying to you own post... Than will make the topic easier to read...

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
What are you trying to tell us?

"I know how to but I'm not going to tell you"

FP

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
just forget about him, i have put him in ignore list to keep my mental health on a good shape ^^

If you dont know : http://www.forexfactory.com/profile.php?do=editlist

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Good trade this morning

Hope it will go the same way after ADP NFP

edited at +16 it's cold today, i'm not thinking very well so i'd rather exit anyway

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
I have +30 pips ATM on this trade but with GBPYEN you never know if it will turn into +300 or -300 ^^ i'm baby sitting it to wait for my exit signal

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
sorry, but i was really busy with a lot of personal stuff. here is the code

i'll work on it later. but as i promised here it is

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Thanks for working on this

I have just modified it to include stop loss. I have worked on such an EA in // with NonDisclosure007 but we still have not managed to make a profitable EA it seems yours have the same issue as ours meaning it is not making money despite taking good signals.

I think for this EA we need MM and probably additional rules that eye catches naturally but an EA cannot "see"...

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Hey melpehos I was wondering what you do in a situation where a perfect trade sets up and you take it, but then decide to get out early.  What do you use to judge whether you should stay in the trade or get out?

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
As soon as I get some time, I'll look through this.

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
If the market tell me to exit, i exit...

Sometime, i like to take a signal on a lower TF and see if it's confirmed by a higher TF later on. If it is confirmed i then wait until i see a reversal on this higher TF...

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
But I mean, exactly what do you look at with the market that lets you know you should exit?  Upcoming reports, news, the NonLagMA, price action, the currencies range, stochastic hitting oversold/overbought, etc...

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
usually a change of direction of the 20... Also a cross of EMA5 SMA8 gives usually a good indication of exit

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Just a feedback on BBsqueeze...

Not adding anything special so i dumped it... If i continue this way, i will finish trading naked lol

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
probably no posting this week gonna be studying then exams the week after then full time trading for the summer

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Good luck for your exams

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
good luck!

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
thanks guys

nondisc. hows ur vacation goin? i think u said since ur not workin anymore ur gonna take a vacation or somethin

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Well, I was going to.  I've been working on the EA for about 8 hours a day.  I've had very little faith in the strategy tester in MT4.  So, I've found myself redoing things often.

I'm going off on vacation on the 10th coming back on the 15th.  I won't be working on the EA during this time, but i'll check in the forum once and a while.

Talk to everyone later.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
To those who have been trading live and this and succeeding,

What timeframe chart do you use? And to verify the trend, do you look at other timeframes to confirm and if so, what time frames? I'm thinking of getting that into the EA, but I want to know if it's successful.

thx.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
When i can look the chart constently, i use M5 and M15, otherwise H1 H4 and Daily...

But of course, like any other method, i take only trade in the trend and no counter trade. For example, if i trade M5, i will look for trade in the same direction as H1 or H4

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Melpheos,

Based on your experience with this great method, can you give us some stast' for your trading the 5min?
I mean, what pair, how many trades a day, best trading hours for the pair, average gain, your stop loss, win/loss ratio etc?

I am sure that everyone here will appreciate the stasts from real trading.

Many thanks,
T.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
I had to stop trading live after several lost trade in a row to figure out what's going wrong and i know what's going wrong.

I started to trade live when i was on holiday and for 3-4 days i had approximatively 90% success rate. At this time i had all the time to watch the chart and see reversal occuring live.

But the week after my holiday, back to work, my trading went zerkish and nothing was going well.

I had no time to watch the chart and i was missing all the opportunities. I have to do paper trade on higher TF now because M5 M15 M30 are not viable when you have a day job (i mean a job when your not in front of your PC all the time )

So for one more month, i will be paper trading on higher TF (H1 minimum)... I prefer to do that rather than lose money ^^ I still have time to become rich...

As for the pair followed, i am watching 12 pairs on an hourly basis (i have put an alert on my outlook to watch the chart @ X:59 every hour when i am at work )

As a conclusion, Forex is a job and if you dont have time, it's definitely more difficult than when you have time.

I think i'll use a take profit EA as trailing stop is not very efficient.

As for TP and SL, i use them only when i really cant watch the charts

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
this is my template

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
welcome to our new padawan

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Melphoes,

U said "I started to trade live when i was on holiday and for 3-4 days i had approximatively 90% success rate"

Was it on the 5 min chart?

If yes, can you tell us about it a bit more as per avarage profit, avarage loss of the 10% trades, did you use a stop loss, best time of trading, how many a day, etc...

T.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Thanks melpheos. I'm wondering because I want to get stronger signals.

So here's what I'm going to put into the EA (maybe the indicator too).

M5, M15, M30 need to be in agreement for trade (2 candles on longest TF NOT including current open candle). H1, H4 and Daily for long TF's.

I'll start on this on Friday. I'm heading off to the 'left' coast (San Diego CA USA) for a vacation. I haven't had one in 3 years. I'll be checking in from time to time, but I'm not going to work on coding while I'm there.

Chat at y'all later.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Made a small screenshot of my new setup, i have added some filters EMA50 and Ichimoku.

I use only the could of Ichimoku as a non trading zone (NTZ)

I have studied several hours this new setup and it does a awsome job in filtering good but not very rewarding trade and filtering bad trade.

With this setup i should be in on every BIG moves.

I will test this on demo account next week.

Zip file contains a non compressed more viewable picture of the setup

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
melpheos,

let us know how it goes.  I'm only going to work on the TF alignment for Sexy when I get back.  Once that's done, I'll add in Ichimoku and EMA50 per settings and strategy you set.

I'm still on the 'left' coast (San Diego CA USA).  Nice cool weather, but humid.  I miss the dessert.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Hi

I think you may see a good setup on gbp 4h tf.....

but in 1h tf we have no clear setup.....?

thanks for your help and good system

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
i think you speak about cable (you just said gbp ) and yes, that's a good setup but nonlagma is still in the uptrend so wait for confirmation

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
thanks for your responce...but would you look for 1h tf it seems good buy setup on 1h with nonlagma up now...???

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
nonlag ma changed down on 1h tf now so I enter sell...1.9733

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
booked 10 pips for that sell luckilly

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Looking afterward, you would have made 80 pips using a bigger stop loss but 10 pips is 10 pips and 10 pips everyday can make a living

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
well yes you are right...

look these days seems the strategy is not working as well as before in 4h and 1h we see opposite directions...

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
I think it works very well on usd/jpy (1h and 4h)

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
There was a lot of setup today including two that gave me a very wooping 200 pips on GBPYEN ^^ (i took only the first one as i was out of office for the second )

Looking on different TF for GBPYEN you should have at least one of them

This is how my chart looks like now. It's still based on boxingislife strategy but i have added some good lucking stuff and remove some other stuff

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
I see you dumped the signal lines on the stoch's.  I also see the 50 and 20 don't necissarily match up on the indicators for buy that you 'x'.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
yes that's correct, on the first signal the setup is not perfect at all but i've added some helpers  like the channel you can see around the price and the EMA50 (yellow)

On the first signal we have a consolidation, an close above the EMA50, a rising stoch20 and 50 (look the chart on your MT4 directly, you sill se that after the Vshape, the 20 and 50 are rising ) and a stoch5 going to very oversold before it jumps back, also ichimoku cloud is under EMA50

Ho i forgot, on the second signal the stoch50 is in overbought, that is a slingshot signal. Also on the X, you can see that the stoch20 start to rises again.

As i said before, i took only the first one but the 2nd was very good (in fact better than the first one ) but luckily my trailing stop did not got hit by the small drop down before it

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Btw,

i encourage everyone to have a look at USDCAD, for those who understand the strategy, look at the following chart.

If it is not a reversal, it could be very very very good signal

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Hmmmm. Interesting.  I'm going to stick to the original sexy system for the EA.  Then I'll get w/ ya on changes after the orginal works.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
That's anyway the kind of setup an EA cannot "see"

The only way to have an EA "sees" it would be to add an ob/os level for the 50 as if reached, the EA would only look for the 5 (it's not too difficult to code  )

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Yes I think so...but I think it would be better to wait the 5 stoch to

going down agin and in next cross of it's signal line up enter long are you agree.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
I'm talking about a short here not a long !!!

Please read the guide more carefully

Edit : nonlagma still uptrend so there is no signal yet

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Yes but the 20 and 50 seems want to get out of there...for sell I wait for 5 go above 80 line and then sell...

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
what about EUR/USD dailly chart seems will get a good sell soon...am I right..?

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
yes might be good but weekly show a good buy sign so i woudl rather play on lower time frame for this one

just taken this signal btw (live)

edit : hmm does not seems it wants to go down :-/ well i'll see if it confirms the uptrend

edit2 : EMA50 still resisting but i dont know if it is for long or if it will break

edit3 : took the loss before the swap hits, anyway it does not seems well engaged  it was looking good at first sight

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
well now in this time when I look usd'chf 1h nonlag ma was not red at that time...maybe it changed it's color...??or maybe your nonlag ema differ from me...cause I did not take it from here....

also what is the chanel on your chart is it a simple Bolinger Bonds...??

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
my filter was set to 1 and not 3 (the filter you are probably using) filter 1 gives of course more false signal that 3, i am still testing the change now (i might revert back to 3 if there is too many false signals )

Anyway, it seems i did not respect my new rules, i think i must make a new pdf file that i read when i'm in the train

The channel is an EMA5 on high/low. I should no have open the trade as the price was in the channel.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
New PDF file?  cool.

Enjoy the train rides.

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
I think now all things ready to sell eur.but I used the non lag ema of 4h chart not daily....to enter sooner...gridy

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
also 4h chart of chf look a good sell but I am not feeling good about it...

Edit:I was right it is going up...well  think we must make a better filter for this kine of signals which looks really good...

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
I'm ready to jump in after the swap  I'm pretty sure on this one

There is no way to filter all the bad signals. The nonlagma is allready a good filter. Any strategy has losses inside and you will never find a 100% winning strategy.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
unfortunately it did not paid out, i'll have a look on the next few days to see if the signal is still confirmed as fake or if it was good finaly...

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Hi

In EUR 1h tf we may a short signal when also we may see a long in 4h tf.....

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
question...how did u piece all three stoch together in one window...I seem to be able to do one only one for each window thanks

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
drag the indicator on the stoch window, not on the pair window

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
melpheos hows ur account doin?

others how r u guys doin ?

im done this semester and trading everyday now

will post some observations in a bit

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
good to hear that the boxingislive is back i wish u a good luck with your stadying

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
i'm still doing good so far but i dont have much time to trade because of my work

I have yet to find a good TF to trade now

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Dear Friends,

nice to be here and i am happy and still reading this thread i am on 60th page but i am little confuse hope you all will help me i am new in forex and now a days doing practice in demo account before that loss whole so now i decide to read and learn first so now please help me...

first i want to know that i can trade this Stochist trick with all currencies or only few selected currencies??

and which will work i dun understand means that i put all values and open 3 stoches

with all values

20

10

20

20

50

10

and

5

3

3

but i dun understand that which will work exact because every time all shows the same and which make me confuse so please help me out and tell me how i vary that then now value will b up or down please help me i know when and how trend will up but it is not working as it is  so please let me know

i am trading only eur/usd, gbp/usd only now so pelase tell me and can i trade all currencies??and tell me the chart periodically settings also???

regards,

Ubaid

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
This strategy works on ANY time and any currency pair even monthly if you have the guts and the wallet to digest the massive drawdown you could get when the signal is wrong which happens from time to time

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
your second stoch should be 50 10 20.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
thanks for your replay well now i am watching all charts all are not up then 50 or not less then 20 so waiting and watching charts since 30 min what is the best time to do trade and what are the possibleites i mean how much pip i can make and please advice me some tricks

regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
well i notice one thing that the stoch of 20,10,20 move fast then that which are making me confuse so please advice which one i can use and which one shoe me the exact values???

i wanted to ask that which is best and always work i am much confuse to select M5,M15,M30 which is fine for me please help when i view M5 it is showing now going up and when i view M15 it is showing down what i do please advice how do i select?

regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
The original is the best.  Follow what Boxing put up in the first post of this thread -> http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...98&postcount=1

Or you can look at any post by melpheos.  In his signature he has a link to a PDF he wrote for this system.

That's really all you need.  Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
well i am also working with this trick but still confuse because i opened 3 charts lol and now i understand that i need to open EA chart

but i am shock to see that in EA stoch is there but it is not installed will anyone please share that file here with me??

and please tell me that which is best for good trading

??today i hit 2 consecutive position and made 28 pips and loss thread 1 and lost 10 pip there but wanted to ask 50,10,20 is better or what because i note one thing that 20,10,20 will always move fast if i go with it so some time i get negative please help me out

boxingislife

regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
well, i do not use much the 50 lately. I look at them only when they are in OS/OB because that's when you can ignore the 20 and wait for a slingshot like this =>

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Clean entry this morning  I could not enter the previous signal which was much better

Edit : another entry, it might be too fast but we will see... Live entry

For the GBPYEN, i will close the position with loss or profit because of the rate announcement at 1PM today

Edit : exited both position @ +20 and +10 going to lunch

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
well my first week was good i made more then 100 pip and loss also about 100 this is what i don't want..this is sad for me i made pip with good profits and loss also with high loss i want to ask few things which always make me confuse ..

1) how do i select chart becuase everytime in 5 min ,and in 15 min every time  different changes and how do i select and what things need to note and to avoid losses..

2)about stoch which one is better 50,10,20,20,10,20 still confuse..

and when i open position ??i open when it cross 80 but suddenly it went down every time

please help me out and tell me what i do and how do i work from next week which strategy i have to apply from next week??

please help me out

regards,

Ubaid

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Think the first thing you need to do is calm down a bit, you sound desperate.

Take a deep breath, calm down and read the pdf at the start slowly and try to understand how it works, if you don't understand it read it again, or ask a friend to read it and go through it with you point by point.

Its not a difficult system.

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Every strategy needs confirmation from different TF.

The best thing is to watch one TF (forget about 5 minutes, it's too fast ) and see if you have confirmation on higher TF

For example M15-30 should be confirmed by H4, H1 by daily, etc...

Anyway, for the moment, you are not loosing money which allready a good thing. You cannot hope handle this strategy in one week only. It took me 2-3 month and i'm still having several bad trade but remember that there is no strategy with no loss.

The more you will work on it, the less bad trade you will take.

Ho, btw, here is my new tpl

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Hi Dear

thanks for shiring your strategy !

you say when 50 over 20 then we have down trend and look for sell signal

look at this chart

all sell trade loss!

am i do mistake??

excuse me my poor english

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
yes but read the whole topic please. When the 50 are and stays in o/b o/s you can expect a slingshot.

On the screenshot you have posted, you should never take a short

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Hey guys

Where's the chat room now?

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
look in my sign (but there is probably noone there )

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
I attach an indicator made by Skyline (thanks to you  ) but i have modified it so it shows stochastic on H4 and Daily as well.

I think those are important too

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Melpheos,

what tf are you using for exit's these days?

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Recently i use fib's extension to determine my TP... Also I'm still looking on the 5/8 cross for exit.

I have made another small modification to the MTF stoch indicator.

It now shows a green arrow when the stoch is > 80 even when heading downside. Same goes for red arrow when in O/s

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Hi, im new here.

Thx 4 sharing all u systems,methods,expernieces and indicators .

I follow many days everything u wrote here and it works for me

Thx a lot

Melpheos  , this indicator is cool but i think it turns green even when the setup is good but it is on 2 diffirent TF oposite direction.

Am i right ?

On 1H i have all gren arrows , setup is good for LONG

On 15MIN have all green arrows , setup is good for SHORT

maybe u can make LONG - green / SHORT - yellow ?

what do u think ??

but maybe i do something wrong and it doesnt work for me

Thx a lot for u job here

oleevier

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
so hows everyone doin? and their trading?

melpheos seems like ur doin good lately, is the account growin nicely?

remember dont go for too many pairs and only take the best trades. also avoid pairs with big spreads especially if not volatile(gbpjpy is ok in that case since it has a big spread but it moves alot)

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Hi ,

yesterday i did this one , marked with yellow color

It gave me 64 pips

It so good system

thx boxin' and all of you who works with it to make it more clear for me/us newbie

oleevier

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
good job man keep it up

are u trading live or demoing?

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
I trade on live account but i use only start cash i got from Marketiva it was 5$ and i use like 30% of it to play

I started with forex like 3 weeks ago and now i learn patience ... coz emotions are killing my strategy.

I played 3 days on demo but i decided to start with live coz it really something diffirent.

Thx boxingislife , ur system is so good and simple.

I live in Poland , this country is so poor and weird so i hope some day i will live using FX and will not work 8h/day 6d/week and earn only 250$/month

Now i dont have even a 100$ to start make a 1$ on FX

This is a chance for me to have a normal live.

If You, guys ,  will find any way to make this system more easy or u can give (here) daily signals it would be great

Best regards ,

oleevier

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
i know how it sounds

100$ its nothing 4 u and many of u make this money in a few hour or in 1 day

its good for you

i started with this 5$ and maybe some day will make from it a 100$  to make 0.50$/pip

let me know if u'll find some nice setup

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
I have modified the code so you can chose the D% and Slowing...

The default is my settings for my multi stoch (see my picture attached which shows my setup (without the other indicator so it stay viewable on a 600*600 screen )

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Uh Oh.  melpheos is coding now.  look out world!  :

Just kiddin' buddy.  keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
I see what you mean but be carefull when the longer stoch are in o/b o/s, if they are trending down in o/b and you see a signal there is a lot of chances (i would say around 4 in 5) that the signal will not be good )

edit : added some option for your viewing pleasure ^^

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
thx for warning

im new in this method but it works and this indicator is useful

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
going smoothly

Made 150$ yesterday 8 trades and only one losing...

Today is so so until now -30$ well it's not -150$ ^^

Tell me when you come to France so i can show you a very nice Bistro in Paris ( not a famous place for tourist but it is a very very parisian place )

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
what it means you mean that if h4, and h1 telling that trend is going down so it will be down in m30 and m15 rite and when it is going up so it means that it will be up so first i need to watch h4,h1 and then m30 and m15???whats a strategy i use please advice??

it is working fine but some time can be risky for me so want to ask i buy or sell position when it will on exact position means that will cross 80 or down at 20 or before that??please explain..

regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Hello,

I am new member here, joined recently in this forum.  Could u kindly let me know how to identify 3 different stochastic lines(to which no. they belong to).,I find 2 green lines, blue/light red lines,  & dotted blue/red lines.  (here in this lines provided which one is (20,10,20)  (5,3,3) (50,10,20). Can u attach line to chart to indicate stochastics lines for me understand better.  This give me an idea when to enter long or short and make small pips(profits).

any one can help me with positng image (with arrows).  I am forex beginner and trader with small capital.

16th july 2007

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Hope this will help u.

If u will read whole thread u will know what is goin' on

oleevier

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
I am a definite newbie to Forex, I have been reviewing this system  and would like to suggest adding another Stochastic under this one with the settings of %K 140, %D 4, slowing to 1.  Under the Levels tab add a 50 line. When the lines cross the 50 line, either going up or down then time to consider, I have been using just this indicator with good success. The lower the time frame (TF) the more pips it can yield because of the earlier entry but higher risk. Please back test this and you will see good entry points, and some not so good. On good 1 or 2 day moves the exit becomes the 50 line again. The indicator will pin itself either to the top or the bottom indicating the trend is strong. Been tested that a 30 pip trailing stop can be close to the same as the 50 line exit. The tricky part is always the entry. I can see using these two together might swing the probability a little more our way. If anyone wants pictures I can post some if the understanding needs to be clarified. I believe this system can swing the probability towards the positive side even more. Any thoughts would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
anyone please give answer of my above problem????

regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
ubaidahsan , this is ur answer.

1) check 15M - if u see a signal then check 1H if it confirms - take a trade

if not i would avoid trading

This system is easy and safe.

If u want to take every signal and trade very often it will not have a confirmation in higher TF.

but still u can take trades and earn some 5-10 pips or so / trade.

But it is risky

Sorry 4 my english

hope it will clear ur problem

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
nice to see someone is reading the whole topic

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
well i always keep my eyes on this topic...

guys now let me correct now a days i am trading live it is really different then demo..but i am following that

first i check 15m then 30 m and then 5 m and then 1 m and when i note that 1 m is going up or  down so i watch it 5 min and if it is going up and still in 5 min then i check with 5 m and then 15 ma nd if i found signal so then i open position but till now i didn't got more then 5 pip so please advice me what and how do i apply this strategy with charts..

Regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
I think that starting with 1m and 5m is too fast especially if you are starting  to trade live.

Start with M15 and confirm on higher TF.

There was a good move today but i was in Toulouse for work since start of the week so could not take it i should have rounded a minimum of 60 pips playing safely with a reentry giving an additional 20 or playing more agressively if would have rounded 150 pips, check screenshot

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Dear Melpheos,

i shall be thankful to you if you explain me everything very clearly because yesterday i had lost my 60% amount and very embarrassed today so now want to understand everything and then work on it

yesterday it was going good but suddenly trade went down and then finally my position closed.so now want to understand about charts so please explain it clearly ..i will use M15 chart but how can i confirm that it will up/down i mean indicator turn very quickly and kindly tell me your settings of indicators also i note that you are using indicators like that 50,1,20 so please tell me..and please tell me that which one will tell me the exact position 50,10,20 or 20,10,20??and tell me about 5,3,3 also..please hep me and safe me for heavy losses..

regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
If you went down 60% it's because you used TOOOOOOO much leverage !

What was your account level and what position were you trading ? Also what trade did you took and at what time ?

Also, if your trade was going OK, you should have put a SL accordingly to your position (like BE with +5 pips locked )

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
i was trading gbp/chf, and my leverage is 1:500 and i was trading at the same time when i am posting and it was yesterday and i set stop loss but on 15 pips which is bad for me so please kindly explain and help me out

regards,

Ubaid

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
15 pips is not enought anyway for GBP pair (except gbpeur)

1:500 leverage doesn't tell me the lot size you were using. What was your lot size ? What was your starting account value ?

So tell me exactly what you'v done step by step with screenshot if possible (otherwise give me the hour of the trade and exact position taken )

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Position taken early morning, up 70 pips

That's the only position i have ATM, i'm trading only the perfect setup  and that's what i would recommend anyway

edit : out @ 249.88 it was a good idea to wake up early this morning ^^ 58 pips

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
I missed this perfect entry

Everything was there, a drop, a consolidation then a BIG drop after the 5 going down...

I'll if there is another opportunity

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
o man what a bummer

i caught the whole move on gbpusd  and some on usdchf

was a nice day

and a very nice week

hows ur tradin goin?

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
I give a shot on M5, it's a bit risky on this pair but i made quite a lot of pips thanks to it today so i'm ready to lose part of the profit on this one because if it goes the right way it coudl be very rewarding (risk/ratio is very good)

BTW, you probably have noticed that now, i dont even look at the price line, Heiken ashi is more than enough to spot the trend

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
dont get desperate mister

just relax its friday enjoy ur profits u made from gbpjpy earlier today(very nice entry  )

get urself a cigar and enjoy the afternoon

lol thats what im doin

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
When do you come to France ?

I dont smoke

Gratz

I missed the move, did not had enough screen time... I like when there is move !

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
well me n the parents are thinkin about taking a trip sometime during late fall when the weather is alot nice. maybe a little trip across europe mostly italy and france and germany for a bit too

but for now ive been so busy with my own trading that i think im gonna spend the rest of summer just tradin and relaxing.

wuts new with u? hows ur account doin and ur trading?

u know i havent posted much in the thread but i think we made it as easy as possible for everyone and i dont think theres anymore questions me or u havent answered

we covered everything so ive been taking the time off and focusing on my own account and stuff

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Correction : You've been taking the time off and focusing on your growing own account

I definitely trade better when i have time and not disturbed :-/ But i cannot quit my job as my account is definitely not big enough yet to start to trade in a professional way...

I think my trade is preparing to make a nice drop down, the M15 stoch5 is starting to head up on a nice consolidation and japanese mamas are sleeping now ^^...

I'll see how it goes and close it tonight before swap whatever happens as i'll be on vacation for the next 2 weeks without internet cnx.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
hehe

quitting ur job anytime soon  ?

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
its all good

itl happen eventually and itl be a relaxing ride once the account is big and u got some more experience

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
hey, who knows

edit : up 10 pips btw, it had to go down

There was so many opportunities today to make money that i can't see how one can lose money such a day ^^

Closed @ +23 it's getting late, it's friday, i'm on holiday with a good profit, sun is shining, my wife is preparing dinner (japanese omlet rice ^^ )

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Melpheos & Boxing,

Which broker do you guys use for the live account? Looking for a relaible one.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
I have no much problem with FXlite (same as FXDD but support is in french)

Spread is higher than some other broker but swap is the highest in the market i think and paid definitely in time

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
i know really

any decent strategy woulda made some money today

if u can handle watching like 4 or 5 pairs u woulda made an easy 200 pips just today

i watch 1 pair and very rarely take a position in another and i pulled off around 250 pips this past week

tzachi

interbank has been very good to me
oanda is probably the best

if u can drop 5k+ then i recommend interactive brokers

or maybe tradestation(they have amazing charting with lots of systems and indcators and all that if u like that stuff and tight spreads too like 1-3 pips and as low as 4 on gbpjpy. i just checked the website thats where i got the info)

good luck and tell me what u decide on and ur experience

i was gonna go with tradestation but they dont allow lebanese people to open an account and while i can use my american address and id and all that and open the account, the whole idea offended me in a funny way especially since we have one of the best banking systems in the world and one of the very few countries with banking privacy or somethin like switzerland where no one knows how much money another person has and i think they dont allow leb. people to open accounts coz its a third world country and bla bla bla

so im gonna go for interactive brokers soon just working on getting a better internet connection.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
lot size was 0.10, and my starting account value was 42$ i thought that try with this and then after 2 days will put more but when i got that loss so i decide to hold and ask you and then will invest more.so please advice me..and time was 15:00 GMT new york time..

and please kindly share your .tpl file also and tell me your color separation also didn't getting clear that where u set green and where u set red color please make it easy for me and share your stoch file with me..

regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
ubaidahsan

ur trading 500:1 which is very dangerous and 0.10 is too big for 42$

u should be trading 0.01 and slowly working ur way up

the more money u have in ur account the more money u will make

so dont expect to make a fortune out of 42$ its difficult

it sounds like ur a new trader so either trade 0.01 lots or put more money in ur account but i really suggest going back to demo for a few months. forex is not an easy game and u cant just expect to make money that easy. its not magic.

it took me 4+ years to start making some money.

as for my system well i suggest u go back and read the whole thread again. i posted at least 50-60 examples throughout the whole thread and those are enough to teach u what the best trades are. melpheos made a guide and posted alot of very useful info so check out the links under his posts.

im just tryin to help u but i can only help u so much and melpheos can only help u so much.

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
i plus what said here...

well i though your account was much bigger than 42$ lol. According to your post, it seems like you had lost a lot of money.

With such a small account you should start with ONE .01 position and that would allready allow you only 20 pips SL to keep a 5% max/trade as a loss (which is allready high )

Even for .01 lot you should put more money on your account.

As for the template, i have posted several different template on this topic, click on the attach sign next to the topic title, it will give you several template to choose

for template anyway, i think it's best to make your own because it will be yours and your eyes will accustom to it more easily

Final word, i'm ok to help but i think Boxen, me and other have allready post a lot of hint to trade this strategy properly so please read all the post (i know there is a lot of post but would you beleive me if i tell you that when i started i spent around 3-4 month demoing and spending around 50 hours/week - with a job taking allready 40h/week - just looking at the charts )

Trading is a very consuming job at first (it get better with time but really, at first, spent a lot of time watching the charts )

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
take it from melpheos

hes been with me from the beginning and has dedicated so much time to learn this and now hes doin very well

hes probably spent more time than me learning it and is able to pick the best trades fairly easily

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Hello DTFX. Let me ask you what would this add to this method? I don't understand after all the indicators we have to use with the method how were you thinking this could help? On entry? On exit? I would be interested in screenshots of your charts pointing out how this could confirm entries or exits etc....Sure appreciate industrious minds always trying to improve our trading.

Much thanks to Boxing and Meph for your great work

Thanks

Greg D

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
I have made some backtest but all it seems to do is remove a lot of very profitable trade... Also the slope of the 140 stoch is most all the time the same as the 50% slope.

But anyway, everyone has to find it's own setup

I beleive my setup is totally different than boxen setup and other ppl using this strategy. In my setup, i'm mixing different strategy with sexy stoch as a main strategy, the other being more visual confirmation than pure trading strategy.

I have replaced the nonlagma by standard heiken ashi and added linuxtroll wave but also modified (i have 2 setup one for downtrend and one for uptrend )

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
I certainly did not mean to add confusion, just wondering if anyone could see a valid use for this setting. I have been taking trades when the Stochastic set at %k140, %d4, slowing 1, is crossing the 50 line. I can see where the bad trades I have taken were false setups, not really versed in the charts as I have been trading a demo full time, about 50 to 60 hours a week for the past 2 months, I am still studying everything and making use of the candles as well. I am hoping the Steve Nison book is going to pay off.

Took a course that was paid for on a system that I have tried and could not make work, neither could 50 other students, so I feel I am learning all over again, this time with things that seem more realistic. I will work on some screen shots of good and bad setups so it can be properly dissected. Maybe with the good trades pointers about where everything else lines up can help. Thanks for being kind

.............................................................................................

Mostly Nocturnal

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
thanks for all of you and sir boxingislife i respect you and melopheos both and reading your all posts and reach on 70th page till now. before that i was using demo account since last month and when i start read your thread so i started to get success in my demo forex account so i decide to start it lively when i am making good profit in demo so i initially put 40 and thought from Monday will put more and start as a professional but when i got that loss so i am worried and i know its not a easy thing its not easy as all newbies think but i am different i get all info and then i go ahead and when i get control in demo then i start but i didn't know that its totally changed in live but what i can do when in forexegypt no option to take position from 0.01  .

so please advice now i decide to do more practice and want to do trade with this balance which i have now becuase i think if i do practice in demo and work live also so it will provide me good experince so please advice me and please advice me that from now what strategy i need to apply in this situation??and happy to see that you all are helping me so please advice me and safe me and give me a chance to become a professonal trader... i know practice makes man perfect...so please guide me too and i will read all thread today.but please advice me..

regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
First advice => DEMO ACCOUNT MORE !!!

2nd advice => DEMO ACCOUNT MORE !!!

3rd advice => Did you though about using a DEMO ACCOUNT ?

How long have you been demoing ?

Also, how can you think about trading as a professional when you still have to learn money management, patience, dedication and a lot of other thing...

You have made the first step, that is blowing an account. Now, for you to no blow a 2nd account, you need to work more on demo and in particular using a demo account that has the same amount of money you will REALLY start with...

Also look this sub forum : http://www.forexfactory.com/forumdisplay.php?f=104

It's a very good sub forum about stoch

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
It's very interesting trading system ..... and very simple too... Great work!!

Thank's alot for sharing this system Mr. Boxingislife and .. to make it perfect Mr. Melpheos

I think i have no question  you explain this very clearly...

warm regards,

pipssniper

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Dear Sir,

thanks for your post..i want to tell you that..i am working in demo account since last 3 months.before that system i was doing trade at event times only and checking it but after read this thread so doing practice since last 1 month but didn't get it understand completely but trying to understand it i know it will take time but now what you suggest??i am stick with demo??or try it with demo and live both?please advice and tell me the best time to do trade??and tell me one more thing that how much pip i set for profit and how much for loss??i am serious and want to be a good trader that is why working hard and telling truth everything..

as i told you that my account level was 40$ so i can tell you lie too but as i am honest and i want to be a perfect so that's why i told you a truth situation because i know if i tell you lie so you can't judge and can't help me..so now please advice me ..i want to be perfect in it..and please advice me also since learning time if i want to invest with any trader so how much ROI i can earn from trader?thanks for your stoch threads i will read all...

regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
my point of view :

if u have 40$ thats great !!!

trade on live account !!!!!!!

BUT ....

trade with tiny % of ur account.

My example : when i lost a lot of my account i started to trade with ... 10-100 quantity to test this sexy system  BUT LIVE !!!!
then start to bigger quantity , in this way u make money and gain real experience

trading with small Q u will start to renew ur start capital. but slowly like every new trader should do

REAL account works diff then DEMO.
Trading on live account teaches u , like said melpheos : money management, patience, dedication and a lot of other thing...
this is the best way to practice.

best regards

Oleevier

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Hey Melpheos where is the template you are using now? The one with the standard heiken ashi and the linuxtroll wave? Can you show them together and it would be nice if you could possible go thru the steps you follow for a setup...Lets say on the 1hr chart...I understand the system and have been using it and I'm just trying to "fine tune" my entries..

I get my signals on the 1hr and filter down to the 15 then 5 then try to enter on the 1 min...What I'm trying to do is get good entries and shoot for just 10 pips and spread...just getting 10 pips a trade is $100 a trade which is great..So I'm working on refining my entries...I would like to see the linuxtroll used if you are using it for entries or any advice you might have for the entries...or where can I get the linuxtroll and how does it work

thanks

Greg D

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
i do agree with you oliveer that demo and  live is totally different and always every loss give you hope to win again but i think for a time being i need to do trade in demo account for 1-2 weeks because i think i need to do understand the charts and this strategy perfectly yesterday i found a fault and caught that mistake which i made..actually i learn in thread and then i decide to do it practically  but i don't know from where i read that take long when signal line cross 80 and sell when line cross 20 it is bad and my mistake but in reality this strategy works when for buy it crosses 50  both 20,50 and 5 and for sell when below then 50 and all 3 indicators are down so take sell..so now i understand and make good profit today but now want to share charts and want to understand few things ..i know everyone will help me...

Please check this chart i open trade at 0.8030 and check is my chart is ok?and tell me few things about 5,3,3 it is in red color and in green it is 50,10,20 and in yellow it is 20,10,20 i want to know that about 5,3,3 i read that

" 5. we want the 5 to go into overbought if the trend is down. basically we are looking for a pullback. as soon as the 5 cross back down we enter. "

so what its means in reality please explian and when it will be oversold or over bought and for this chart what was the best time when i can open position?
http://www.imagehosting.com/out.php/..._tradedemo.gif

Now check this chart this is M15 chart and it is showing diffrent nad what i understand it is that when 5,3,3 is going up so all other 50,and 20 will also up but i dun know and not sure about it so please tell me and help me..and sorry for my foolish questions ..but as i am new so i think i can ask questions like that because i want to be a trader..its my passion... now

http://www.imagehosting.com/out.php/...radedemom5.gif

and now please check this chart and advice me what will be best time to open position??i can open now or i need to do wait??please check and advice

http://www.imagehosting.com/out.php/i945830_try.gif

awaiting a favorable response

regards,

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
one thins is confusing me..please help me and correct it

i am watching charts since last 6 hours continue and taking positions when both 50, and 20 crossing 50 or reaching up but noticing one thing that 50,20 is still up and going to crossing 80 and reaching near 80 but if 5,3,3 going down so trend is going down but 50,20 is moving slow but trend is going down fast and coming up fast so what is it please  make it clear and easy for me and tell me when i can take position??i understand one thing that

first wait when trend goes down and then pull back slowly then take position but what i do for down and which one will be better M1,M5,H1??because in H1 moving slow and any other fast but in all charts views look is different please advice

regards,

Ubaid

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
want to share with u that trade i took

setup was just great and it gave me 90 pips

it was nice SHORT

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
why this thread is slow now??

didn't get any replay for my last post...hope soon will get replay...

Regards,

Ubaid

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
hi everyone again, back from Spain. Was doing bodyboard there (had once a 3 meters session but the other days was 50cm   )

I think the thread is slow because we all made a lot of work on it and i guess everthing has been answered allready if one read teh whole thread.

Also, the MTF stoch main thread also has it's thread about stoch elasticity that somewhat is redundant with boxingislife stoch system.

I have worked on past data during my holidays on the MTF stoch and they seems to work quite nicely alltogether with boxingislife strategy.

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
As i said several time earlier : focus on 1 TF and confirm with higher. Do not look at faster than M15 at your knowledge level.

Look all the screenshot taken by boxingislife, other and me and see if you can find the same setup than ours.

Use backdata and use F12 to progress 1 candle by one candle.

Do not fight the trend...

And if i could explain why the price move this way or that way, i think i would be on my yatch in the Caribbean islands ^^

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Doesn't this chart look just awesome ?

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Here is a setup using 1min charts. I know that isn't done or shown much here but I've traded stoch's for a long time and like the approach that has been shown here. I have some ideas for alerts for this system and will look to be sharing in hopes one of the programmers can maybe help out.

traden4x

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Here is an example of candle stick patterns with alerts and confirmation with stoch's slingshots.

edit: there you go melpheos, the 2 in a zip

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Here is an idea for an indicator alert and possibly to plot labels or arrows on the chart when this condition occurs. The arrows would allow for back testing research of this condition.

This indicator would check multiple time frames or multiple stoch values for the same time frame if desired. This can all be controlled by the user.

I have attached another stoch cross indicator that I have added the stoch values and inputs for this. Look at the user inputs and comments after them and it should be self explanatory. The alert WILL NOT work as I only did the needed inputs for this alert and not the coded logic.

I would make the indicator so that it displays the arrows in the separate chart window so that if you have 2 separate stoch window, you can drag an alert to one window and a second stoch alert to the second stoch window to compare the alerts for different stoch settings.

Anyone interested that could help program this?

traden4x

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Thanks for the add on, i will have a look into it but according to the screenshots i'm not sure are they are not really clear and i can't see what stoch they are showing (i think it's MTF stoch)

Could you post the picture in a zip file ?

edit : honestly i'm not sure about the improvement... I have difficulties to see how it is related to the sexystoch system... The rules seems completly different to me

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
I bailed @ .75 but i'm back in @ .22, honestly what do you think will happen

Closed @ .84 i wait for a pull back now

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
well i am much confused and tensed today..

as per all of you instructions i started trading in demo account and

after hard working in just 2 weeks i got understand it and last week i deposit 100$ in my demo account and in 5 days i turn it into 290$ and i was happy that i am understanding the system..

so now before 3 days i put 100$ in live account and in one day i made 150$ i was more excited but yesterday i checked everything and start trading but  my bad luck signals was not good and it went down and i closed it in loss but i was in profit but today i start agian trade before asian time iin US time and made 2-3 good trade and after that i take aud/usd it was good setup and i was thinking that soon it will b hit a target but dunno how ..trend was still up i mean 20,10,20  50,20,10 was still l up and 5,3,3, went down very quick and auto close position and i lost all amount

but now i want to know that how much balance req to do trade in small pairs i mean how much balance i need to do trade if i take any position so how much balance req to left in balance to cover loss/profit please let me know and again guide me now what i need to do?

because demo and live account both are totally different..

please advice me i am trading in M15 chart..please advice me..how do i need to do setup and work on it i will invest again but in the end of month but now need all of you guidelines

Ubaidahsan

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Sorry to hear that...

What position did you took on aud/usd ? What time frame did you look at ? Post a screenshot please.

Also, if you got margin called it's because you used a position bigger than what your account could handle and you did not put a stop loss (or a stop loss exceding your margin level)

My account is now >4000$ (started from 2500 $ ) and i'm still trading .1*2 or .1*3 position maximum...

Edit : for the audusd i dont see how you could have been margin called even with .1 lot because the worse that could have happen (according to your description) is a 22 pips drop... so that would have been 22$ loss nothing to be afraid of so i think you traded more than .1 am i wrong ?

There is something i can garantee you, if you trade position bigger than what you can handle on a real account, if you trade more position that what you can handle, you will have your butt kicked. You might got lucky but it's unlikely... with a 100$ account you MUST trade .01 lots.

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
I was trading at 2:00 pm GMT and I didn’t put stop loss there because I know in this strategy price went up and then down or went down and then up that’s why I didn’t put it and I was checking h1 and M15 both and confirming my position via h1.and i did trade with 0.10 not more and i was also surprise that how it happened...

In fxegypt you can trade with min .10 lot and my leverage was also 1:500 I think that’s why I got that loss but now In demo account it is going good and as I was trading in live so in demo I am also doing the same and in live you can think was trading with all confirmations suddenly price went down and I was surprise that suddenly my position closed. now I want to know few things that how can I get the range of currency and how do I know that how much it will up or down daily please let me know and tell me how can I safe from losses I will try live again but when you will suggest now again good day in demo but please advice me again I am reading this thread again and again but now need your suggestions that how can I go on. Please tell me when I can do trade and when I can’t?and tell me in which currencies i can do trade in asian time and in which currencies i can trade in US time and please tell me the pairs which i can use in my trades with low amount..and with small account....

Regards,

Ubaid

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
3 helpful hints when trading live:

1.  ALWAYS use a stoploss.  set it for what your risk tolerance is.

2.  Use a Trailing Stop.  This will help you lock in profits just in case you miss when the market goes against your trade.

3.  Never risk more that 20% available equity, not balance.  Some brokers will only give you half of your balance as available equity.  Don't know why, but some do.  I had one like that and I dropped them fast.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
I have been looking at the 4hr strategy by Phillip Nel at http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=14630 and I suggest it is a good system for exit to combine with sexy.

I noted earlier folk were discussing the idea of finding a good exit strategy, and looking at Phillip's system has some advantages on the exit, as in many cases, it signals to keep in the trade to collect those extra pips before the reversal.

Sexy tends to give an earlier entry signal, and his system tends to give a later exit signal. A comparison backtest would be in order to see if my hunch is correct, but merely from a cursory perusal of the charts lends me to this conclusion.

Any other comments on this?

Frank

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Got some pips  (around 60) today 6 trades : 5 winners and one loser (closed one winning trades too fast, waiting would have made 130 pips instead of ..... 5 :-/ Bloody fear  )

Playing on GBPYEN alone would have rounded you around 300 pips if you take into account that's it's allways difficult to exit at the right time on this pair)

See attached screenshot

If you see a signal that i have missed for today, tell and i'll see if it is valid or not

edit : those are not the trade i took btw and i just figured that i missed one bad trade at the end of the 3rd blue box

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Again a lot of opportunities today. On GBPYEN, every time frame gave a perfect signal during the 400 pips up move.

Unfortunately and as usual, i was at a customer office and could not trade the move

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
lots of trades on the 4h

almost all pairs are showing good trades right now

take em

each if they work out good for at least 75-100 pips

dont forget ur stops

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Hi guys, I can't get the indicator to look right on VT Trader.  Anybody has this indicator available on VT Trader?  Would appreciate it.

I plot all 3 slow stochs, applied to close, MA type is simple but it doesnt look right.  Can somebody let me know what I'm doing wrong.

thanks,

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
screenshot ?

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
yea , there is plenty  possibilites to trade with very nice pips

i took trades on 4 pairs yesterday

it give me 1200+ pips in a few hours on 4 pairs

setups were really good

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Melpheos, can you tell me if I have the stochs correctly configured on gbp/jpy 4h?

blue = 20

red = 50

rose = 5

Show me what your gbp/jpy 4h looks like?

thanks,

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Looks OK to me

This is my setup, only difference is that is use 20/1/10 50/1/10 and 3/1/3.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Ok so I changed it to match your settings 20/1/10 50/1/10 and 3/1/3.

It still does not look close enough to your chart. I don't know what I am doing wrong.

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Maybe the order of k D and slowing are different in VT...

My K is 3 and my slowing is 3... It looks on your chart that your slowing is 1 rather than 3...

For the 20/50 it looks more or less the same, also remember that our data provider are different so different chart (but with 4H it should be quite similar)

Play with the fast stoch settings and uses the one you feel at ease.

I generaly dont look at the crossing of the fast stoch but it can gives false signal if you follow the system blindly so i would suggest you keep the D% at 3 or 5

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
any programmers?

im wondering if somebody could program a stochastic with a certain color for the slope

say the k% is sloping up then we can set it a specific color

if its sloping down we can set it a specific color too

and obviously the normal settings for a stochastic with the different width and dotted and all that

would make a nice visual if anybody could pull it off

thanks

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Hey Boxingislife, doing good ?

I think it would be a good addition for the slow stoch as for the fast stoch it's pretty obivous.

I totaly messed up today. I made 32 pips on one trade then i dont know why but i refused to take any more trade when i had valid signal that when i look now would have been very profitable :|

Maybe because it was friday, dunno

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
well finally after 2 weeks now my demo account which i started with 100 it is now 425$ but i want to know few more things i am making pips but not more then 7-8 or max 10 please advice me that when i need to take position i always open position at correct time but i closed it when i see that it is going up/down so please advice me what i need to do after open position i need to do wait or what please advice

Ubaid

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Looks simple and useful method good to see everybody here making some good pips.

what i have been able to make out about system is that(correct me if wrong)

two slow moving stoch indicators are sloped nicely above(bullish) or below (bearish ) their  indicator lines then we have to wait for the fast moving(5,3,3)  to get to  opposite extreme(over bought or over sold) to slow moving stoches (50 & 20) now as (5,3,3)  changes direction in direction of

slow movers we open position in direction of all three.

couple of questions

which time frames are more suitable and what is exit strategy?

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
mansaf (isnt that some arabic food, rice and chicken or something?)

ur right

the 5 3 3 doesnt have to pull back all the way to oversold overbought the most important part is the cross with its signal line and to head in the direction of the slow moving stochastics

best time frames is really all about experiencing

if i see a really good signal on the 4h then thats my priority

if no good signals or choppy market then i look at the general trend

and i go down to the 1h and the 15 min

when the 1h gives me a signal then i go to the 15 min to catch a better entry and some of the tiny retracements that happen during the move which brings u the most pips if u practice a bit

exits when the 5 gets to oversold or overbought is the easiest and probably the best way to exit

i got other ways of exiting that are more accurate but thats somethin i cant share. my own personal work

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Please could somebody guide me as to how to install sexy stochastics I have Meta trader 4 and Vt trader but I just cannot install it .

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Read this thread from beginning you will understand all system and you will find many things more to make it more sexy

i am also waiting for boxinislife answer about my above question

regards,

Ubaid

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
your result is great .

and some question

1 what is your win rate?

2 how about your MM , SL .

3 what rule you are using . the original one or another midification?

I think you did great in demo account , and do not to be too greedy .

thanks a alot

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
beside rule wrritten in pdf . there is still some additional rule.

1 filter by NolagMa (it is very clearly)

2 . filter by higher TF ( to see what 20 50 doing in higher tf)?

so melpheos could you show us some example to how filter signal by higher TF? 15M FILTER BY 30M OR HIGHTER TF . if higher TF show no dirtion (20 show different direction from 50 ), how to do with it.

waiting your answer . sorry my poor enlish

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
YA I KNOW I DON'T NEED TO BE GREEDY BUT AS YOU KNOW IN LONG TIE FRAME WE CAN MAKE MORE SO I WANT TO KNOW THAT HOW CAN I MAKE IT POSSIBLE AND WANT TO KNOW THAT IN 15 M I SAW THAT EVERYONE IS MAKING MIN 15-20 PIP SO I THINK I ALSO CAN MAKE IT BUT I WANT TO KNOW WHAT ARE THE EXACT TIMING WHEN I CAN TAKE TRADE..THIS IS MY MAIN QUESTION AND I KNOW GREED ALWAYS GET YOU DOWN THERE

uBAID

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
If you only trade in TF M15 ,7-10 pips is good enough

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
how many pairs are you trading?

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
I now will getting a good setup in TF H1 , BUT TF h4 is showing different direction, so  I shoud not take this siganl? right?

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
u can take trade and get some pips , with setup like this it will not be very much

i wouldnt take trades with this setup ... it is too risky

if 4H shows UP and like i see on pictures 1H shows late DOWN

u should wait few hours till 1H will reverse UP and check if 1H agree with 4H then go to 15 Min and wait when u will have good entry on this small TF.

At the begining i thought that i want to trade not wait , and i was losing or i got only a few pips per trade.

Now i learn that when i wait to good setup it will give nice profit.

but ...

Check 15MIN when agree with 1H and is not late signal there.

U can trade with small amount and set tight SL and TP

And maybe u can get some pips with this setup in future

Hope i helped a little bit

Oleevier

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
thanks for info but please advice me that with small amount like 100$ which pairs we can trade easily in live account with leverage of 1:500 which pairs we can trade easily??please advice

regards,

Ubaid Ahsan

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
with 100$ u can trade every pair but...

with leverage of 1:500 u should trade with 3-5% of account (that's my opinion)

with good setups u can make nice money , with bad trades and SL u can avoid big loss

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Been a long time i did not post.

Just doing this trade ATM, it is following the rule exactly. This kind of trade is rewarding about 95% of the time.

If you take only the perfect (i dont have the patience to wait all day long and i also dont have the necessary screen time due to my day job ) you should have very high success rate (i have personnaly 81% but i do not take only perfect trade but as i trade more it's more rewarding despite the lower success rate )

edit : closed at +35, only 2 trades today one @ +4 and this one

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
+10 on this one. I could have enter on the previous signal but i was not in front of my PC.

There was several signal today on different pair.

You take the perfect signal => You get paid.

I took only +10 because it's late and i'm tired.

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
The key is patience

You are patient, you get paid

ps : i'm out since the screenshot has been taken +120. Sorry Dash i took your money :-p

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Another successfull trade using perfect slingshot trade

As i was not in front of my PC during the whole trade, i had to rely on TS for this trade so my SL got hit @ +11 instead of at least twice this number locked ATM but hey that's life...

edit : potential +50 now, that's what happens when you do not or cannot (in this case) follow your strategy

edit 2 : potential +60... Allways stick to your strategy when you can

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Excellent Charting~ simple and effective. Thanks for sharing!!

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
You are welcome

You may have noticed that i have removed several indicator from my charts. MA, SAR and some others (macd and MA on RSI )

Lighter chart means more focus on price and only price move are important not indicators

Edit : quick 30 pips before going to bed. Follow the rules...

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
7 pips loss on this one... maybe it will bump back i dont know, it does not matter. A trade is a trade and you should not look back.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Hiya,

Hope this thread is not dieing  because this systems is amazing.

Took 100 pips + off GBP/JPY and the EUR/JPY today... I like that you can get in the trend again if you miss the start. I am sometimes doing other things :

I'm flat at the moment, just waiting and looking...

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Yes, there was a very good entry shorting the yen pair today, let me guess where you entered (i would have entered if i'd been in front of my PC at that time - someone should push me to resign from my job ^^ )

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Yeah, that was the one : my 100 pips was with 2 trades, GBP/JPY being the 80'ish pip short from 237.91

My EUR/JPY was actually a small long for just over 20 pips

Anyways, these were my first trades with this method. Thinking of moving over to the 1 hour TF as then I dont have to always keep my eye on the charts. Do 15min TF when its possible.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
You might try adding the FXSniper CCI since it has an alert function. When you get a cross- pull up the chart and check the Stochs and other items like Pivots, trends etc...then make a decision to buy or sell or do nothing. The stoch seems to give a lot of false signals. How do you filter these out? Melpheos. It's always easy to see them after the fact!!

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
that's when experience of viewing the chart comes into play. Unfortunatly i have no way to explain this

Also, i have tried to add different indicator but all they add is confusion and unecessary confirmation...

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
I understand-It's ultimately about price action always and EXPERIENCE

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Hi there,

2 new trades opened on the hourly charts. Both short, the AUD/USD is a bit aggressive but lets see where it goes. The EUR/GBP is a slow moving pain in the ... hope it actually moves :

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Yet another new trade on the hourly

Long on the USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Thanks for turning me on to this thread by posting on my journal. I was already using MTF stochastics but really like this indicator. I am only up to page 5 of the thread when I saw an opportunity I was waiting for, for a long on cable. I notice down this end of the thread that you guys have tricked it up quite a bit. I just used the stochs and a line break to trigger my entry and ta for stop and exit for 2/3 risk reward on this 30 pip trade closed out just below the R1 pivot. I have the long term and short term stochs in separate windows. Heres the trade

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Dumped the Eur/Gbp as it didn't feel right for a -7 pip loss

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
No way would I have shorted the Aussie above the central pivot. Gutsy move that is paying you nicely. Just goes to prove the system wins in the face of fundamental hype

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
glad to see some new faces. u guys got questions pm me or ask melpheos or post em in the thread and ill answer. im always around but i dont post that often

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Hi BoxingIsLife,

I've read through this thread and a lot of Spudfyre's MTF Stochastics thread, but I haven't found a template I can download. I mean, I find the templates but for some reason I have problems with them. Melpheos, I followed the link in your signature, and unzipped the file but it opened as an Adobe file, and I didn't know what to do with it after that.

Could you post a single, unzipped template (that has .tpl on the end) that I could download to do the rubber band (elasticity) trade?

Thanks in advance,

Marcy

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
price fails to make a new high despite a convincing hammer earlier in the session. WE had two signals to short cable after its failure to break and hold above the central pivot. Not often the market gives you a second chance at the same levels. This trade had fundamental support after a shocker house price survey number. Entered at  2.0388 and  closed out 3 pips above the S1 support for another 20 pips in my account today from the sexy stochastic indicator - and Im still only upto page 8 of the thread! Thankyou boxingislife

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
[quote=demontaz;1635276]Hiya,

Hope this thread is not dieing  because this systems is amazing.

Hi all,

New to this method, I read the thread rather rapidly but got a handle on it so I tried it out today, live, first trade got myself a nice 24 pips off GBP/USD using 15m chart. Got stopped out because my trailing stop was a little too close.

I'll be trying this out a little more as several people have said how good it is and dry runs seems to validate it. I just need to see which TF seems best for me. Any opinions?

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Could not trade for 2 days in a row, i was in Swiss to open a bank account ^^

No just kidding, i was in Swiss for my work...

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
The 4th link in my sign contains what you need. It not the template i use right now but it should be ok

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
I am currently watching this set up on AUD/USD on 15 minute and hourly chart. Its 6.30 at night here in Melbourne, Australia but only 4.30 am in New York.  I am very bullish on the Aussie, as is the rest of the universe so If this trade is entered and successful I will be even more impressed than I already am with this indicator

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
mac doug

i see ur usin it-finance

i had access to their charts through prorealtime and i had access to ticks.

a suggestion for you since not alot of people use ticks with forex(more with futures and stocks) set up a 150 tick chart then a 450 tick chart then a 1000 tick chart. ticks are alot better since they arent time based so it sort of filters the dead hours. if u have access to the tick charts, give it a shot and ull see how nice price trends on ticks and how easy it is o pick up pips. back in the summer on volatile days i was picking up 200-300 pips a day with gbpjpy using tick charts.

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
It worked! 20 pips - thanks for coming

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
My broker does not supply tic data with the it finance charts however I have another broker that does so Ill go and see if I am able to set it up as you suggested - BTW thankyou for sharing this indicator and technique. It is the most consistent and reliable technique I have seen and yet so simple! I cant thank you enough, its exactly what I have been looking for. I am still only upto about page ten of the thread but I have done alot of work with spud and tebs MTF stochs so this was easy to get into quickly. My trading future is looking very bright thanks to your sharing

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
ur welcome man keep it up

take off the 100 stochastics and just keep the 20 and 50.

ill post some examples soon to refresh everyones memory and bring back the faith lol

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
yeah I was wandering about the 100. 20 and 50 is enough huh?. I have to finish the thread and catch up with the improvements

I got a signal on the 15 min, only  a couple of hours after my short experiment, in my prefered direction this time, as the retail  sales number was released. The number was pretty good but traders sold dollars anyway and handed me 25 pips! -

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
hi all,

been checking out this method for a couple of days now. I like it a lot but find that sometimes in the heat of the moment it can be very tricky to read it, especially in the lower TF! Or is it just me? Practice will help i think.

I have been checking the GB/JPY signals for this week from monday am, that have occurred during European and US sessions, I've found a potential 900+ pips that seem to have been available from H4, H1 and M15 signals up until now (friday pm). This seems pretty amazing. Does anyone pull anything like this out each week?

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
I think i honestly could (well maybe not 900 but 300 pips/week seems pretty reasonable) if i had enough time during the active hours, unfortunatly that is not the case due to my day job and i'm in France so my job cover the whole very active period (Europe + US )

PS : i will be in Swiss again untill the 16th so no trade ...

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
seb

just like melpheos said 300 pips is reasonable

beginner or someone with some experience with it should have no problem makin 300 pips with low risk every week.

i made 800 pips in the past 3 days. wont happen often coz i have university usually and market conditions were just the way i like em. also i have somethin aside from the system that could help me confirm my positions as well as give me very precise targets so i have an advantage in a way. but like i said this isnt somethin that happens everyday for me or every week. during the winter im lucky if i manage about 50 pips a week with university and all that stuff im busy with.

300 pips = reasonable with alot of practice and alot of endless nights of chart watching. in a year or 2, itl be like taking a shower or sleeping. easy stuff.

boost of confidence for everyone. i made my college tuition for the year over the summer up until last month. its nice but my eyes have charts drawn in em now. it took me hours and hours of non stop trading and watching charts so yea it wasnt easy but its doable if u dedicate enough time of studying and looking at past examples and real time practicing.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Boxingislife,

Nice to make your school cost from trading.

U said "i have somethin aside from the system that could help me confirm my positions as well as give me very precise targets"

Will you please share the confirmation tip with us?

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
tzachi im sorry but its somethin i worked so hard for and it took me about a year of non stop research and practice. it deff helps but ull do just fine with my method. ill share soon enough once everything is in place and i got all the rules and stuff

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Hi Boxing,

Thanks, it's nice to know that I'm not wasting my time on this system. I'm, off work for a week next week so I'm going try it and see how I do, maybe just following the hourly signals for a start, UK and US sessions, they seem easier to spot than the lower TF's. I found this week that moving down to a lower TF to get a better price is sometimes counter productive as the stochs could be moving in the wrong direction, it just caused me to hesitate and get confused (easily done). I thought that I could also get a better price than waiting for the hourly signal and entering at the bar close but there isn't much in it. I'm firmly in favour of keeping things as simple as possible, and as clean as possible, so I'll stick to H1 signals, I'll use a 40-50 pip SL and see how we go. Thanks for the method, I'm still reading through the thread with interest. I read it through once about a week ago, couldn't stop after I started it it, but have forgotton most of it. Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Hi Doug

pls advise what are the setting for stoch, I mean method = simple? and applied to CLOSE?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
I am new to this thread and technique so I dont feel qualified to answer your question. I searched all the documents for the correct answer for you but I couldnt find any reference to those parameters. I use a simple method applied to close because those are the standard settings I am familiar with. No doubt melpheos or boxingislife will  let us know if it is any different. Sorry I couldnt be more helpful

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
thanks buddy.

regards

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
I love stochs and this is very good system for me, in this chart  i got +72 pips  in close position. Thank you....

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
I have been using the MTF stochastics approach for quite a while and have been having great success with, I am curious if anyone has used both.  I think with this approach you get more false indications vs. the MTF approach.  I have only visually back tested this so I could be way off.  What is everyones experience like?  Happy Piping.

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Actually, I used this method and combine it with laguerre indicator in M1, I just entry when all signal is agree.. MTF Stochs just to put stochs in one window but i don't use the Multi Time Frame function...

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Anyone caught this one ? 45 locked ATM...

Sorry about hiding a small part of the indicator i use on this chart but this is some information i got from Boxingislife and i dont know if he wants to release them in the wild ^^

edit : out @ +60

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Another trade... This one is still based on the stoch but i will not encourage you to take this type of trade untill you have some experience and are able to read the chart very easily

Got stopped out @ my SL +75 pips while editing the chart

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Hi endrout

I spent alot of time with spud and tebs mtf stochastic threads. I actually find this technique much simpler and clearer cause its all on one chart. I use other general tech analysis techniques such as trendlines and pivot points to filter trades and determine entries and exits. This signal avoids the confusion that can occur using mtf when different time frames conflict. I love it!

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Ive taken this trade at 6.00am NY time(8pm my time).The trade is supported by the rejection of the lows after the central pivot is tested after the uptrend retraces. A hammer forms above the central pivot. This is the sort of strong technical support for the signal that I require to take a position.The trade is a few pips against me now but I have strong case for the trade so I dont have to second guess it. Its a good trade,l win or lose

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Target reached! Its a bit scary calling a trade but I decided its the only way that people viewing this thread can verify that winning trades are being made. There are lots of claims being made in this forum but very little evidence to back those claims up. As trading statements can be doctored I figure this is the only way that results can not be disputed

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
I personnaly would not have taken this trade because the south movement seemed pretty strong but you took it and got some pips

I'm not trading the last day and today but i can see there was quite a good 100 pips opportunity on GY yesterday around 21:00 GMT+1

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Thanks to mladen for creating this wonderful indicator.
Thanks to Banzai for posting.

I was wondering if anyone could make this indicator dynamic because it does not refresh on it's own. I have not yet tried to use stochastics 20,50,100 in all TF only the 5,3,3 as you see in the picture. Hope this helps those who have yet to come across it.

Regards,

mrjtdude

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
I think this is the origin of boxingislife idea for sexy stochastics but thats a guess. Maybe worth a look.
http://www.trading-naked.com/Jimmer0...entry_chat.htm

This is Buffys' site with the slingshot stochastics.
http://www.trading-naked.com/Buffy.htm

The picture below is the colored bars stochastics. The values are:
TF 1H

5,3,3 - Colored Stochastic Bars

20,10,20 - Colored Stochastic Bars

50,10,20 - Colored Stochastic Bars

TF 15M

5,3,3 - Live Stochastic

20,10,20 - Colored Stochastic Bars

50,10,20 - Colored Stochastic Bars

Hope this is helpful.

Regards,

mrjtdude

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Melpeos, I notice there are no %d lines in your stochs. How are u determining wether %k has crossed %d or are you just using slope of %k lines or a cross of the 20 and 50 to determine direction?

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
In fact there is no k% line

What you can see is the %d line using smooth and period 2.

As i use really fast %k period (4) i had to filter the whipsaw those using the %d line smoothed.

Put the following settings 4-2-2 and look when a cross occurs.

You will see that each time a cross occurs (around 95% of the time) it occurs on the next candle where the stoch makes a reversal. As normally you look for a cross of k and d and take the trade, using only reversal of the stoch allow me to take the trade usually one candle before the cross.

I'll probably make a new edition of my guide to explain this.

In fact i'm working now on something new i have just discovered this morning. This have to do with stochs but is fairly different from Boxingislife system.

edit : woops wrong reading, but yes i use mainly the slope, completed with the price action, it's more than enough to determine the trend.

edit2 : apparently, boxing is also using only one line yet he still uses %k and not %d...

@ mrjtdude :

thanks for pointing up those page, i'll have some reading. Funny enough, on the 1st link, i came to the exact same conclusion regarding the bollinger band ^^ , les grands esprits se rencontrent.

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
trade i took

was lookin around at charts with no intention of trading whatsoever(was busy with somethin) and i see this setup with the pinbar. went big on it and made some nice money. was a great setup.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
I should look on longer time frame, i miss some great opportunities... I just dont like the losses you can have when there is a reversal on a good setup (especially on yen pair where things goes fast )

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
I think this is the first time I have posted in this thread. I must thank boxingislife, melphos and others for this thread. I have learnt much and taken a lot more into my trading strategy from the concepts here.

While the returns on the longer timeframes can be much bigger than the lower tf, so can the drawdowns, and losses. I would think that trading on the shorter tf, like you do, melphos, would return the similar number of pips as trading on the longer tf. Maybe, go in with lower lots on the longer tf, since the pips gain would be larger, but you can keep your losses at the same amt as if you were trading on the shorter tf.

It would be interesting to see where boxingislife placed his sl for this trade, though it was an excellent trade since it hardly went against him at all. My guess would be the top of the pin bar, because if price penetrated that level, the pin bar becomes invalid. Looking forward to his response.

Regards,

K.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
In my humble opinion I think money management is the crucial element in lasting in this business. This is a good link that will give you a idea of if your current money management is worth it's weight.

http://www.hquotes.com/tradehard/simulator.html

The one thing Iam about to do is try to fine tune my system which runs 1H and 4H so that my stop loss is extreamly tight to increase my risk reward ratio. In my book that is the key to make ton of money.

Regards,

mrjtdude

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Anyone aware if someone has come up with an indicator that measures the current slope of a stochastics? I can see how huge of a benefit that would be. I can program a little in higher level languages but not lower ended C and C++. All help would be GREATLY appreciated.

mrjtdude

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
my bearish sentiment on equities has been intensifying all last week and I came very close to shorting the index on thu but backed down. Then, when I was looking at something else I missed the crash on fri. look how early you could have caught the move with this method, if you were watching, that is - lol

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
This is an indicator i'm working on for a long time now. Still need to do some fine tuning when i have time and work on the alert management.

It could eventually turn to a profitable EA if i can manage to show every possible cases (it still misses some perfect setup)

And no, sorry i wont share it (i have gave ealier version to 2 persons i trust but not yet this one because it's still in developpement)

It is based solely on stochastics (mainly on sexystochs plus an added reversal option i need to improve). Anyone with a good knowledge of the sexystoch and some basic of MT4 programming can make it but i have spent too much time on it to release it for nothing...

As you can see, it is rarely wrong.

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
Update on the last screen shot (it does not repaint by the way)

As you can see the latest downtrend was shown on M5 (it was shown also on other TF ) and the small rebound was also shown

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Its only monday and I am up 200pips already after my biggest win so far using this system!  Check this move out on the EUR/YEN.Look how early this system caught the move - I cant believe more people aren't using this technique!

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Update on what the stoch indicator see.

Following the signal trictly and using a 50 pip SL would have round only one losing trade limited to a few pips loss for more than 300 pips gains.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
200 pips! I wish i could say the same. Good job.

regards,

mrjtdude

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Anyone making consistant profits yet?

I'm still working on it myself.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Please read the whole topic (i know it's long but it worth the time spend as you will see) and you will see that the persons who spent enought time on time makes consistant profit with it

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Update on my sexystoch indicator, only one losing trade.

update : you can see that one sell signal is not there anymore, it's not because it repaints, it's just because i have slightly change the settings.

There is one trade i would like to be able to filter that i would not have taken anyway.

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Hi Folks,

First, i wanna say this awesome stoch is really sexy, and easy to spot. Very visual and catchy. Thanks boxing, and also molpheos that really seriuos on doing lot of enhancement.

Anyway, i start trading on demo and i got easily 92 pips (half from gbp/jpy and half from eur/jpy-both are buy trade).

Just now, as i writing, i booked 25 pips from gbp/jpy. so total i made for my first day using sexy stoch is 117 pips. Again, this is awesome.

My SL is 50, and i use mostly 30 minutes TF. I got lot of meeting today, so 30minutes TF is the smallest TF i can handle.

I hope tomorrow is the better one.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
50 pips is good for Geppy but maybe a bit small for M30... Anyway, SL has to be adapted depending on the TF and on the pair.

It nice to see new faces interested in this method

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Thanks for the appretiations Melpheos. I do really like this method, and i am now using the original one from boxingislife.

hm. SL 50 pips is a bit small? What is your suggestion then, based on your experiences of course? a hundred maybe? Gosh, it means that i had increase my TP too, so i got better win/lose ratio.

cmiiw.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
I usually use 75 pips when i can't watch my screen but it's really up to you

When the signal i took shows reversal i usally exit anyway and that might end up between a small gain or a small loss.

If i can follow a trade closely i usually do no use SL at all and babysit the trade.

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Would anyone be willing to modify a MTF stochastic to be able to measure the difference between k% and d% as a histogram?

I think by doing that you could get a better look at when things are near potential change in direction.

Regards,

mrjtdude

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Good job!

I've got an indicator that I've programmed to run on the 1 min chart. It is much more aggressive than just the sexy stoch's. It incorporates a few strategies that use stoch's. It also links into an EA that trades the signals.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
traden4x, 1 min chart indicators? wew, great. but i can't stand with 1 min chart. it makes me want to kill myself coz driving me nuts.

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
M5 and M15 screenshot but i had to change the settings (but not the rules) to have this results... I think i'll have to find something that would change the settings dynamically.

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Today chart with my sexystoch indicator.

27 signals 18 good 9 wrong. But due to the proximity of 4 of the wrong signal, taking the trade would have counted only for 2 trades. Also one signal appeared because of a news so really you can count 24 signal for 6 wrong that is a 75% success rate in particular 3 trade that could have rounded around 450 pips (well more probably 300 because of this fast moving pair )

If you look closely some signal are good despite i put them on the down thumbs, that is because they would have rounded only 3-4 pips and would not have activated a lock pip strategy when winning more than X pips

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Nice tweaking - if you dont mind me asking What was the total number of pips gained from the winners? what was the total number of pips lost from the losers? these stats are of great interest to me. WHat do you intend to do with this code when you have finished it? is ti something that we might also be able to get our hands on?

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
For the moment i still need to build confidence in this indicator even if i build it myself so i'm not trading it demo nor live. I would say that potentially, the winner far exceeds the looser by at least a factor 3 but of course it allways depend on the exit strategy and the accepted risk vs ratio...

The indicator itself shows pretty much each trade i would have traded (some winner would not have been taken, some looser would not have been taken neither) but its still difficult to tell what would have been the real results as backtesting is easier than forward.

It is missing an working alert mail function that for the moment i was unable ot have working properly (it gives alert but spams me for the next 4 candles)

Unfortunately, i dont want to share the code as i worked too many hours on it, sorry about that.

But it's not that hard to code once you handle the sexystoch system. So in fact if i share it, it would be like sharing for free the hundreds of hours i spent watching the chart, making good and bad trades, studying old data, working on failing indicators etc etc...

I repeat, i dont have a good coding knowledge but i have a good knowledge of trading the stoch. The code is very simple but it has 37 parameters to change (i exclude debugging parameters and enable alert parameters ). The only indicator in use are stochastics and MA - i plan to add RSI but i have to work on this to see if it adds anything to it or not )

By the different screenshot, i just want to show that the sexystoch is definitely a profitable strategy.

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
75% hit rate with each win 3x each loss - thats the holy grail right there!!

Congratulations, very well done. I still cant get my head around even loading stuff into metatrader let alone trying to code something myself - lol.

Anyway on a different note Here is something I am watching. I am treating it as a correction worth around 700 pips on Both the DOW and the EUR/YEN and is setting up on both charts. If it plays out I will take 80% of my position at my target and leave 20% on in case it does infact crash. Im in as soon as the sexy stoch turns                                                                                                  Attached Thumbnails                                                  http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1193358183 http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1193358183

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Very nice tpl, could you please attach.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Yes they are nice charts and I have spent alot of time making them look the way they do however they are not metatrader charts. They are IT finance charts supplied by cmc markets. Ive attatched a metatrder template that is similar but not quite the same unfortunately

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
thx

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
Hello guys,

I have been following this thread for a while, and following it on my charts as well. I have managed to come up with a set of rules to trade this, and it is very similar to melphos, it just incorporates pivots and s&r.

I have one concern. If I were to follow the rules to the T, I just can not see a loss in any of the trades that I would have taken. Mind you, there are somedays when there is no trade at all. But most of the time there are a few trades in the day. All trades are on 15M tf, and only two types, rubber band (snap back of shorter tf stoch), and go with intra-day trend (longer tf stoch coming out of 80/20, wait for smaller tf stoch to retrace, and then come back in line with longer tf stochs). I just have not been able to see a loss. Now I know that in trading, there are always losses. I am patient, only looking for a trade that meets my criteria 100%, nothing that is like a "lets see what the market does"!!!

Both of you have taken many live trades off this method, would you pls care to share a pic of something that was a trade gone wrong?? Or something that you can pick up on a chart where everything was good to go, but did not go according to plan.

Your replies would be much appreciated.

Regards,

K.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Here is just one : http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1365 (not, it would have been paying if i'd wait longer but i stick to my rules

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Hi kermut

Welcome aboard the sexy stoch gravy train. I hope to see many more posts from you

I agree, its a real problem not having bad signals- I have lost one trade so far but I just spent half an hour looking for it or any  signal failure and the only ones I could find werent good signals in the first place! With the right set of rules, observance of support and resistance and market times, it is very difficult to lose a trade. Melpheos has been doing it alot longer than me  so perhaps he will be able to find you a bad signal. They do occur.

The theory behind its effectiveness is simple. It waits for a trend to develop, and then waits for a retracement of that trend. It then waits for confirmation that the retracement has exhausted before signaling an entry. Lots of waiting and patience is built in. All the hard work is done by the indicator. Brilliant!

In short, it sells rallies in a downtrend and buys dips in an uptrend. That is a successful formula but is difficult to do with a  discretionary technique.

I also use pivots to filter entries and to determine conservative targets and stop loss levels and I have a few other rules regarding the stoch set up. I take notice of candlestick reversal patterns also. I usually trade one hour or higher though. I would love to talk more about this with you as it seems our techniques are similar. Perhaps we may be able to contribute something new to the already great work of melpheos, boxingislife and others

meanwhile here is a signal that entered just prior to market consolidation at about midday New York Time. It still would have been difficult to lose or at least break even because it did manage to get 50 pips in front before reversing but thats the best 'failure' I could find so far

(oops, melpheos replied while i was doing my reply so some of this post is now obsolete)

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
MACDoug,

Looking at this chart I have a comment on the 16th where you have a bullish candle around 13:00 chart time possible signaling a bearish move with the stoch's. If I was to see this when the trend stoch's are headed short, I would look to the lower TF stoch's for an entry signal. Candlestick patterns or formation like this can be golden when observed with the lower TF charts. This could have been good for 20-40 pips if taken on the open of the following candle.

On the 17th around 7:00, there was a bullish hammer that one can see the 1hr trend stoch's beginning to turn. Again an indication to look to the lower TF stoch's for an entry.

traden

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Boxing, thanks for sharing this method!

Thanks to everyone else who has contributed to this thread. I have just finished reading the entire thread, and am just beginning to trade this method. I am trading live on a small scale until I earn the right to trade bigger!

I have attached a chart of a trade I am in currently. I will be posting more in the future!

Thanks!

Glen

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
As I post this the 1-hour bar closed and the 5 has now turned down. Good confirmation!

I still need a lot more experience trading this strategy, but everything looks great so far!

Glen

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Same scenario as the last trade. Need the 5 to turn up for confirmation of the trade.

Any and all feedback on these trades would be much appreciated.

Thanks!

Glen

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
I'm not finished read all this thread yet, ( page1- 30, 60- today)

In the page 1x .. , boxing told this thread isn't for EA. (hates EA I think)

But, when I read page 30xx , I saw nondisclosure  EA.

Is it ok to talk about EA here ? ( 1 brain isn't enough to think)

I'm in an early step of making discretion into computer algorithm

and converted into a good EA (I think..). If I can say, it's give a very good result for a start, (steady up).

It's single TF trade only M15 , try it with the default setting.

Full S/L and T/P, but no MM just trade the methode,

the filter I use is EMA4 Hi and Lo,

The trade will taken if and only if

2 other high TF stoch 5 is confirm and the price is right to the EMA4.

Use Debug true, to see when the trade decision are made,

because the EA is wait for the price, you can determining the queue time ,

by setting "expQ" parameter (in minutes)

Balance chart below is trading result from Aug 07 until today.

Please give me ur opinion.DC

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Sexy stoch signal has occured on the DOW after yesterdays close. EURJPY, which is a proxy trade for the DOW, is lagging one day behind so will signal at todays close (midnite gmt) providing current levels hold or it trades lower. Target 1 is based on a leg 2 down trend continuation pattern and target 2 is based on a Tom Demark trendline break price projection. It will take a decent trigger to reach these levels quickly and a surprise interest rate hold by the fed at the Oct 31st meeting is my tip to bring this baby home. Of course there are no guarantees and trade this call at your own risk. Price could just as easily go north from here and never return to these levels again. I have taken the DOW short with a 100 pip stop and will be looking at lower time frames during todays London and New York sessions for short entries on EUR/JPY

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
price has failed to make a new high today. If this current attempt fails It should be an sexcellent short trade. I will enter short below the central pivot after the line breaks and the 533 stoch turns down out of overbought. a break above 165.50 will be bullish and cancel the current short bias - for the time being

Attached Thumbnails  http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1193740879

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
i'd be carefull on the dow signal you are pointing out. As you can see, the stoch 20 is reversing and the stoch 50 are mostly flat. Also, the price has retraced 50% of the latest drop so it might continue the same way. Finally, there is two major announcement this week ( interest rate statement and NFP)

@Musanto, i have an indicator i made that is working great (look my previous posts) but when i turned it to an EA is was horrible. I personnaly doubt that the EA you created is as efficient as your backtest shows (45% backtesting quality maybe ? ) but keep up the work, who knows, you could end up with something good (my EA lack a proper MM )

Also according to the description it's more a MTF stoch EA than a sexystoch EA

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Doug... where can I find your sexy black/white stoch indi?

Looks great!

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
My charts are IT finance and and they allow you to have a different colour for for up and down slope on ma's. metatrader dosent seem to  have this function

Melpheos - you are correct, the  signal on the DOW is not ideal. I am trading my bias which is based on long term analysts projections of downside risks caused by the subprime -crash -crises- hiccup (insert your choice) and the current housing situation in the U.S It may take take months, if ever, to play out. I lost 28 pips on the EUR/JPY on the last trade. The signal was also less than ideal but I jumped in because of this bias. This is how we lose - trying to  be right.trading our beliefs - or is that just me?. I am going to move my daily DOW and EUR/YEN positioning out of this thread and only post strong sexystoch signal trades here. Of course if it does what I predicted you guys will be hearing all about it  lol. Here is the chart of the EUR/JPY  short trade, you can see that although the longer term lines were below there signals, they had actually started moving up. I lost 28 pips on this but fortunately my DOW position has moved 50 pips in my favour.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
How to make these three kd into one window.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
To put these 3 stochs together u can just , open list with indicators on ur left side  and "drag and drop" every stoch on same place.

It means , u can "drag and drop" 5,3,3 to main chart , and next "drag and drop" 20 stoch on previous 5,3,3 and it will set them together in 1 place , and same make with 50 stoch .

and u will have 3 stochs in 1 window.

if u will read whole thread ull see that this topic was before

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Please, read the whole topic, it has been asked several time and replied several time allready.

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
...

@Musanto, i have ...

Melpheos, thank's for being so helpful to this thread, feel like private forum to me.  I test this EA, with model every tick, but the modelling quality is n/a and after loading Alpari data there are "mismatched data error".  I don't  know why.

Do you know how to fix it ?

You are right, I'm mixing MTF stoch in this method, so the name maybe "Sexy Back Spud.."  The reason using this is, I don't want other indicator to make EA rule to be complicated. I prefer using many rules than new indicator, so it's will shrink my variable in giving rules.

I think I've found a way to avoid this MTF stoch, will upgrade to next version.

Here  is  my last complete result.  DC

(call me DC than musanto )

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
This one seems ok... We will see i'm just a bit concerned by the recent 500 pips without rest

edit : closed @ +9 i have to move and with one lot i dont want to take the chance

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Hi prosper

welcome to the thread. thanks for posting you trades its a good way for us all to learn and improve

well done getting through the entire thread. I still have a way to go, I have a few questions about the way this method is currently traded but i wont ask until i have finished the thread

I am fairly new to this method also so i'll leave comments on your trades to melpheos who is our in house expert

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
mac doug

if u got questions feel free to ask even if u didnt finish the thread especially if its anything trading related and not technical or otherwise.

to everybody

watch the eurchf

weekly 50 is above 80 and 20 is sloping up nicely and the 5 is pullin back

and if u go down to the daily ull see its ready to move up too.

similar situations with eurgbp and eurjpy so im getting ready to buy those 2

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Hi everyone, i use pivot and this system (bring in sexy) in my trade.. so far so good, i think we can use pivot actually monthly pivot... first thumb up (sell)i got + 9 pips, and second thumbs up(buy limit at monthly pivot) i got +40 pips, based on stochs and pivot...

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Too many indicators dude... Simplification is the key

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
This looks like an interesting strategy and I look forward to following it more closely.

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
I caught the start of the London open today and grabbed 20 pips in as many minutes on the EUR/JPY 30 minute chart. I wasnt planning on trading because I had to go out. The move continued and another signal was given while I was out. That is the good thing about this system, all the analysis is done for you by the indicator and so it is possible to enter a position very quickly without hours of analysis searching for a trade. I think these were ideal set ups and I am trying to limit myself to only these. Any thoughts on the set ups appreciated

BTW - I am upto page 75 of the thread so I should finish in the next day or so

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
I had a much bigger target on this GBP/USD short later in the same session but it was taking too long and was starting to show signs of reversing so I took 10 pips for an even 30 pips for the day - thats a nice start to the week

p.s note the earlier signals which would have captured the big moves

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
Just wanted to say thanks to boxingislife for posting this system.  I have been trading my demo account with sexy back for a month with outstanding results and today I just closed my first live trade which was a short on the GBP/JPY and made 29 pips.  After years of trading the stock market this was also my first ever live forex trade.  This is the ONLY Forex system that I have tried that is consistent.  Im not saying that others things dont work but this system fits my trading style perfectly.  Thanks again

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
This is a study I think everyone should read who is using this sort of method. It will improve your results. It's somewhat based on the same idea as the sexy stoch.

http://www.journal.au.edu/abac_journ...01/refined.pdf

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
my setup..for what it is worth

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
mrjtdude

using ticks is great. sadly most people dont have access to them coz most brokers dont offer charts with tick charts unless its tradestation or a few others but ull do great with ticks

try using higher

my setup is usually 150/350/750 ticks

worked great for me

was banking almost every move on the gbpjpy when i had time to daytrade

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Melpheos or anyone,

Have you ever tried to use candle stick patterns to maybe select the time frame to look at the stoch's to trade from?

I have been working on this and so far am seeing great potential as the candle types tell the time frame to look at and the next time frame lower.

traden

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
I'm not a big supporter of candle stick patterns as they are more surely wrong than right for my point of view.

But can you elaborate the time frame part ?

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
I've been doing candles from the 15, 30, 60, and some 240 min charts. I have been modifying the candle formulas from what is normally used for daily charts that have a period of time that they are closed and cause gaps.

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
With the volatility of this pair, I've been trying to figure what is the best time frame to trade. My preliminary conclusion is H1 and be very patient. Does anyone have any opinions for this pair with this approach. Two very nice trades in the past two days - the first long and the second short with very little heat on each trade.

Cheers,

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
Hi Sexies

my 700 pip trade call on the DOW reached its target yesterday. I got out at +40 lol. EUR/JPY had not followed so I thought  mayby it still might and went looking for shorts. I happened to catch  this signal. I was hesitant at first but as price had broken the central pivot and the trendline broke early in the entry candle, I had to get in. Managed to hold on for 180 pips in 1.5 hours.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Some nice moves on several. Here is the setup I was working with last night and had the signals short for G/Y, E/Y, U/Y. Part of the signals came from several TF's and a combination of stoch's and candle patterns.

traden

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
This is what i want to see for a long time ago.. candle patterns and stoch's, very nice job.. and i think you have found the best time frame to use the candle pattern.., or there is another good time frame to use the candle pattern? Since i learn about the candle patterns.. i never found the best pair and time frame to use this method... this nice method.. simply and good for eyes.. thanks..

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Candle sticks are good and I've come to like them very much. If you are interested in a MT4 indicator for this and are willing to help in the testing, candle analysis and indicator improvement then read on.

For those that are interested, I'm creating a word doc about the testing and I will email it to those that respond to me in private. It describes the testing, research and other information relevant to learning about candle sticks patterns. From this several methods can be used for candle confirmation and trading of these patterns. The document will define what needs to be done to evaluate the candle patterns and reporting of those findings.  The ultimate goal will be the creation of a better candle stick indicator from which to trade from and a method to trade those candle stick patterns. For those that are interested in this and that haven't already contacted me, please email me directly so I can get you additional information.

For those that do join in this effort, I will be setting up a private area in another forum for the purpose of sharing screen pics of conditions, proposed additional filters or filtering of current conditions,  possible addition of other candle types or patterns that are not currently in the indicator that may need to be added. All of this can then be reviewed by those that are sharing in the effort.

traden4x  at  gmail   dot   com

Thanks,

traden4x

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Hi Sexies

I promised myself I wouldnt trade today after the last two days of carry unwind madness has left me a little exhausted but over 400 pips better off. "If you trade tonight ( London open starts at 7.00 pm for me) you will lose"  I told myself. I still dont have a proper handle on that discipline thing and bagged another 60 pips after taking this 2:1 risk reward set up on the 5 minute chart.

price fails to hold above R1 pivot

makes two lower highs

sexyxtoch signal

breaks short term trendline

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
do you think technical analysis really works? i think technical analysis is pure voodoo now....i think what does work is common sense in fundamentals. the two people i think are brilliant in this is jim rogers and marc faber...i know few who have gotten rich over technical analysis but many who have become rich using fundamentals....people like technicals cause they think the past can affect the future...history of markets is a good place to start for this but only in fundamentals...

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
you know why fund managers can't beat the s&p 500 ....because they're sheep...and sheep get slaughtered...you are either inside or or your outside

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
I'm giving a try on this one, signal might be very rewarding but could go wrong as well so we will see...

SL put at the low of the last H4 candle 1.6435

And yes, my sexystoch indicator is indeed.... sexy  (but the alert system is still not working as expected )

edit : not moving much up to now :-/ wait and see

edit 2 : SL move up a little bit 1.6449

edit 3 : closed à +13, takes too long to start, i dont like slow moving pair...

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
currently watching EUR/JPY on the 4 hour. There is 1.5 hours left of the current 4 hour candle. Price is precariously placed at the trendline and central pivot support - if it breaks we will have a sexy stoch signal and a target 200 pips below at the low 159 level. notice the ranging that occured and the sexy stoch indicators response while ranging, the longer terms stochs go flat in the middle while the 533 picks the turns very accurately - mayby a use for this indicator to identify  and accurately trade a ranging market

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
It's thanksgiving today, we will be missing the NY volume...  The signal looks very promising but i wont take it.

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Hello everyone,

today made trading with stochastic setup.

Loose a little bit.

Long at 161.23

Exit at 161.03

Please, let me know about my chart - was i somewhere wrong and where?

Perhaps my mistakes was that it was already trading late night.. Please let me know my mistakes.

Thank You for Your help.

Best,

Tom

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
signal was great, time of day and price action was not so great. Price was flat after alot of down moves so the longer term strength is clearly with the short moves. All markets were closed at that time of day so not the best time to catch a move. Well done cutting your loss. If your going to trade the 5 minute its best done during the london and new york sessions and dont be to greedy with your targets

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Could not trade for the whole week, just a trade here and there but nothing fancy.

Here is a trade i took today after work... I missed the previous entry that was fantastic but hey, that's life...

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
I do not have much time to trade lately but here is what my indicator shows.

You can see that the winners far exceed the loosers. If i count well there should be 30 signals (25 good with a 2 lots strategy taking 10 pips and letting the other lot run and 5 wrong)

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
I think that is what we can call a good trade +100 pips...

But that is the only trade of the week...

edit : time to close +98...

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Screenshot attached!

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
That's it

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
excuse me guys for stupid question, but how do you put all your stochs in the same graph with metatrader?

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Question asked several time in the thread... Obviously you did not read the whole thread... Take your time

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
so inspiry me
http://chivas88chi.blogspot.com

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
After some thinking, Sexy Indicator released

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=58776

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Set up looks good. I will post an updated screen shot later to show how the trade ended up.

Not much momentum. At most it would have been +10. I exited at B/E.

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
look good

maybe you should put this in journal thread...

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Where is the journal thread?

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Maybe u can start your own sexy journal  here http://forexfactory.com/forumdisplay.php?f=49

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
I may do that. It doesn't seem like there is too much interest in this thread any more though. Are there others whoa re still trading / learning this method?

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Dear Prosperfx,

I have read through the thread twice and have been sporadically demo trading the method. I believe it has merit. How much merit will depend on the trader's consistency, etc.---things we all know about. Boxing stochastics is simply a retracement system which uses short-term momentum within the context of longer-term momentum as its core indicator. Which I find interesting. And it gets more interesting, I believe, if you jibe two timeframes, as Moonchild has suggested in the past. But as with all discretionary systems, there are nuances to the indicator "look" which transcend the simple rules and hence require a good deal of self-training to get right. The question really becomes, does one have the persistence to look and look and look some more until not just the main rules are clear in your head but that the nuance issues have also been ironed out---which is, in the end, the only way to make the model your own.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
I think you described better than i could have the "issue" with this system.

If you follow blindly the signal you will have a very poor success rate ratio because you also have to look what the price is doing before taking a trade.

You can get a signal when there was a 68% pull back and a pull back in this pull back. In this kind of situation, there is big chance that the signal you got at the first place is invalidate and you are more in a reversal pattern.

Finaly, whatever strategy you use, it's all about price action...

The more i trade, the more i can read the chart without looking at the indicators.

ps : nice 2nd post by the way...

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Not a single wrong signal (only the last (2) signal would have been limit but with a 2 lots strategy, take 10 pips + be it would have been a winner)

Do not look at the signal (4) i'm still testing those and the formula is not yet working as expected... This is a reversal signal and the success rate is not very good at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Just taken this... +8

But i got hit badly (-75) by the interest rate announcement (forgot to check the calendar as my FFcal indicator went zerk and i had to remove it from my chart )

Edit : closed @ +18, it's late so it might lack the momentum necessary to go higher... Bad day but it happens

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
hi Melpheos,

can you pls post the Swiss Army EA u use so i can try it on my MT4.thanks.

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Have a look here : http://www.forex-tsd.com/expert-advi...anagement.html

This is probably the best order management free EA available right now.

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
am glad that u could send me the link.i got it and there is still one question i would like to ask u.does this EA opens the trade itself or would i still have to open a position myself?whats are the settings?

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
why is the news on your chart is there an indicator that does that.pls,give me the link.thanks again

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Search for "Forex Factory Calendar Indicator" on the forum

You have to open the order yourself, read the pdf file that explains how it works. This EA is only a management EA. It closes orders according to your settings. Please go on the topic i gave you if you want to ask more question

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
can anyone help me with like or post the Forex Factory Calendar Indicator?pls

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=250162
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=19293

melpheos , thx for ur constans posting  we are following this thread

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
thanks Oleevier.i really appreciate it.am getting an error message.is there anything i need to do that have not done?

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
this topic is about sexystochastic, please post in the proper topic !!!

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
I'm new here...

Where is the last setup?

Is it at the melpheos's signature??

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
The setup is the one given in the 1st post. Why would you want a "last" setup when the 1st setup is OK ?

You can read the guide i have in my signature but the best thing is to read the whole topic

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
I thought there are some changes...

Ok, I'll go to the first post

Thx 4 the reply

WisBiz

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Dear Boxing Thread,

What I have been observing anecdotally, ala Moonchild's jibing of timeframes,

is that if one waits for an unfinished signal on the 60" (20 and 50 stochs properly paralleled and sloped with the 5-3-3 left uncrossed) and then segues to any one of the 1"-5" charts and waits for a perfect signal---on whichever micro timeframe the signal occurs first---that the market noise of the 60" chart is then neutralized without sacrificing too much to lag and all while preserving the pip range possibilities of the upper timeframe. Additionally, to then use the scattershot approach of Aleksey's hybrids (search on FF for Aleksey) for money management seems sound. How, though, to determine the best MAE stops for these trades? Your thoughts?

Thanks,

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
base your target and stop on the timeframe you are using. It may or may not turn out to be an early entry for a higher time frame signal. if it is then great you have some pips already. If the higher signal doesent come then you've still got some pips, or at least only a small loss

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Did anyone catch this wave?  Wonderful setup and GBP/JPY had been in overbought mode for a day in most TFs.

This is a wonderful trading system thanks boxinglife, moonchild and melpheos.  Why is it so quiet here?  So much more to learn on this subject.

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
waiting for this ones....

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Its quiet here because most traders prefer searching and losing - thats what we do best lol

I got that move after a signal was generated on the hourly chart an EUR/JPY and bagged 200 pips exactly

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Sorry to bother with an idiotic question, but what does lol stand for?

Thanks,

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Anybody go through the Martingale thread of FXTradePro? Anyone managing boxing stochs system that way? If so, why yes and if not, why not?

Thanks,

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Lol means "laughing out loud" (or "lots of laughs"). You can find it in urbandictionary. For example lmao means "laughing my ass off" .

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
I caught it too.  Had just read that day that moonchild will go to sleep on an open bid if all the stochs are lined up.  They were (I live in Japan, NY is sleep time), left the bid open on EUR/JPY and GBP/JPY and there were over 400 pips combined (live 100K trade), so all credit to the s_stoch authors and contributors.  (By the way, lost half of that today on some bad management trades), it said in one of the Market Wizard books  you need to "step back after a good trade as that is when you are most likely to make a mistake".

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
Yep, thats my conclusion, but there is other strategies that are working like the 5 minutes scalping i'm looking from time to time.

The sexystochs is one of the best pull back capture strategy there is out there and i dont really understand why it does not have more success but i dont care if I am winning ^^

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
Interesting that although the signal was not clear on GJ, it was on EUR/JPY.  Due to the tight correlation of the pairs, I used EUR/JPYs signal to enter into GJ as well.  Once GJ started falling (freefalling), it was 200pips later that the 5 stoch gave a signal to enter.   How about that as an idea  melpheos , using strong signals from a correlated pair to enter without a clear signal on the other correlated pair once it starts a breakout?

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Hi Steven, i see you use my indicator to pick up signal but i think the settings for the 5 stoch pull back (i use 4.2.2 signal mode in my indicator) are too agressives.

I'm making a guide right now and i will post it later.

Yes i have seen that as well. But sometime it does not work...

As for the signal on GP i had it ^^ on M15 with other settings (each timeframe needs a particular settings and i'm still improving the indicator i'v made )

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
melpheos, how is your live trading on s_stochs coming along?  are you ready to stop work and go full time?

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Dear Guys,

Any takers on my previous questions about MM using Alexsey's hybrids and/or using FXTradePro's martingale EA on boxing?

Thanks,

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
[quote=melpheos;1755860]Hi Steven, i see you use my indicator to pick up signal but i think the settings for the 5 stoch pull back (i use 4.2.2 signal mode in my indicator) are too agressives.

I'm making a guide right now and i will post it later.

okay melpheos i will change the setting....looking forward to ur pdf.....

thanks....

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Sorry Lenoxer, can you brief us on these...?

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
I'm not ready to go full time yet as i want first to accumulate enough money to be able to trade full time for 2 years in a row without being profitable. I have a 5 digit trading account but i want at least 6 digits to go full time so i can live on hard cash for two years.

I'm trading pretty conservatively so my equity is not growing as fast as i could expect but my day work is not boring so that's fine

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Dear Jont,

Do a search for Aleksey and then for FXTradePro on FF. Read the first few pages of each thread to get the idea. Aleksey trades what he calls hybrids, four pairs of completely unrelated currencies. His idea is that this is the best diversification of all. FXTradePro uses a martingale EA which, crudely put, doubles up on losing, stop-and-reverse trades until a profit is achieved. To apply FXTradePro's EA on Aleksey's hybrids strikes me as a way of knocking down human error, otherwise known as trader risk. Additionally, I've asked my traders to read the following link: http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2..._fact_gawande/

This is an article about the use of checklists. The success statistics quoted in the article are impressive. Why can't a good checklist be made and used for traders as well?

Hope this helps. Look forward to yours and others' responses.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
I totally agree about the diversification factor with the pairs.  The famous Turtle rules included no more than 3 out of 12 possible trades in anything (not just Forex), of correlation, or was it 2?  I will have a look, it sounds interesting.

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
I think martingale is for people who cant handle taking a loss. The problem with it is you cannot guarantee a losing streak of 10 or more consequtive trades will not occur. by that time your account is gone. You have to start with such a small risk to allow for a losing streak that the reward becomes not worth while and each trade is actually risking your entire account balance on a bet that that you wont have a run of losers. One day you will lose that bet.

as for aleksey, check my post no 39 on his thread for where I am currently at with that guy

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
My indicator with higher filtering (ma 30 for each signal)

This is the version i still have at work, the version at home is a bit different (i have to find time to work on it)

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
PA of late tells me trading is over for the year - its ugly out there

Merry Christmas everyone. have a nice break, forget the market and go spend some quality time with friends and family. Its been a great year at FF for me. Ive learned alot from all of you so Ill see you all again next year

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Hi,

Today it was buy signal on 15 min USD/JPY pair. I did not take this trade because on 60 min chart the Stochs were signalling on going south, so my plan was to wait until the pair goes upward and sell it on the stochs crossover. I missed the potentially profitable trade. The pair is still trading above while the Stochs on 60 min. chart seems like going down (?) My question is how to make decision on buy\sell taking into account higher TF without missing good trades like today? Pics are attached.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Dear Maacavity,

The simple answer is: don't trade if there is conflict between timeframes. The beautiful thing about Forex is that if this trade doesn't look good, there will be another one soon that will. As boxing once pointed out (and where is that guy, anyway?), why take less than perfect trades? The more complicated answer is: take the setup if it looks good enough (beautifully sloping longer term stochs with a good deep retracement on the 5-3-3), and be cognizant of the upper TFs to the degree that you need to be nimble with your risk control. Good luck.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Try my settings and see if you like them better

4.2.2 smoothed

20.2.10 smoothed

50.2.10 smoothed

Do not put color on the main line and use only the signal line.

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
Thank you, guys! The pics I am attaching show the entry after we wait a bit until 5 stoch (now 4) curves down. The 60 mins chart shows that 50 and 20 signal lines crossed and look down; we should wait again until 5 stoch on a 60 mins chart goes south. would it be a valid entry?

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
I will post my new template tomorrow hopefully.

I have changed a lot since the last one and remove a lot of indicator, my chart clearer now...

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
Hi melpheos, what evidence do you have that these settings will improve results? do they trigger the same set ups but a bar earlier in some cases?

Im a little loath to change anything without evidence of it making a difference

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
Hi Maccavity

I find that if all the time frames line up (rare), that there will be a very strong move in one direction for an intense period of time, with very little retracement.  However, that is rare.

In another Stochs Forum, a guy called Spud (where is he now?) would emphasize:  the lower time frames build the larger.

I personally start on the lower time frames (I try to always enter on the 1 min, and exit) and work up to the larger, occasionally they will all line up, but that is not a normal trading day.  If the 15min TF shows the 5 stoch in good sling shot position (retraced), but the 5 minute chart is heading down, the 15 minute will wait until the 5 does a "complete round" before it moves in the way you hope it to.

I like to think of small to big, rather than the other way around.

Using the lower time frame charts you learn to read (I'm very much still learning) and predict what is going to happen in the larger time frames.

I will try and find some pictures to illustrate.

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
What stopping this going and staying in the overbought area?

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
5 min chart

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
1 minute chart, the market mover

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
First using smooth remove some whipsaw.

Secondly, as i use 4.2.2 i have to remove whipsaw

3rd, using 4.2.2 with smooth give me the possibility to look only the V and /\ pattern for the fast stoch.

Using the signal line instead of the main line gives an easier view of the setup (you have only 3 lines instead of 6 )

And yes, sometimes (not all the time) looking for V and /\ instead of signal/main cross can give a signal one candle before the cross.

Also look closely what happens when there is a V or /\ shape. There is about 95% of the time a cross of the main and the signal line so why losing time and having a heavier chart ?

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
Today the market is so volatile it is hard to pick out any clean stoch patterns.

Again, picked up a nice formation on the EUR/JPY (5 min chart) and used this to enter in with the GJ, as they are so correlated.   Rough water out there be careful.

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Melpheos,

I'm going to give your new settings a go.  I've been following you and Boxing from the start with good results.  I still keep the 100.2.30 stoch on the chart - as Boxing suggested - not necessary, but helps to see the longer term trend when in overbought or oversold state.  Looking forward to your latest, clean template.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
Ok here is my bundle with the indicators and expert i use and my current template.

Hope you will appreciate it.

! Note that the settings for my indicator are not general and must be change depending on the TF and the pair you look at !

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
I thought we all moved to single stoch lines a while ago . Mine have been that way for some time now after following your lead

I have had a quick look at the 4,2,2 smooth fast stoch and I agree that it regularly signals a turn one candle earlier and even creates entries in a trend that the 533  does not

Thankyou for your sharing your work in improving this method. Ill look forward to seeing your "new" clean chart posts

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Jont,

As you see in the attachment, the 5 min chart tried to go upward (and stochs were confirming that by crossing each other and 20th threshhold together with 15 min chart) but eventually failed.

How do you make conclusion that this or that, say, 5 min chart will make 15 min chart in that very spot (yellow smaller eclipse on 5 min chart)?

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
Hi Maccavity

Thanks for the response, I love to be proved wrong.

As far as I can see though there is no conflict.  The 5 min chart gives a weak signal to go up at 12.14.7.50, although the 50 stoch is dead flat. It does go up by 30pips.  Then at 9.20 (on my time frame anyway) the 5 then gave a signal to sell.  That same signal did not "arrive" at the 15 min chart until 10.00.   Remember, the 15min chart is just made up of 3 5min charts, which is just made up of 5 1min charts.  By the way, the 1 min chart gave you the entry at 9.10.

Wow, what a move!  Did you catch that wave?  I was asleep unfortunately, it would be nice if there was an alarm system to this kind of setup.

Fustrated surfer who missed a wave.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon8.gif

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Anyone know if there is a stochs chat room still going out there?

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Looking at that lovely wave again Maccavity

If I did happen to wake up half an hour after it had started, how do I get onto the wave (you have to have an entrance point)?  You need to look for a retracement.  If you stay on the 15min chart, the first half-hearted retracement does not come until 13.00, 100pips after this wave started.  If I go down a time frame to the 5min chart and look for an entry point, a good clear retracement comes at 11.00, 2 hours and 63pips before the 15min chart.

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Hi, Jont!

It was a nice ride! I woke up exactly at 9 and got in down 10 mins later. See, that was more intuitive rather than technical approach!

You say that “The 5 min chart gives a weak signal to go up at 12.14.7.50, although the 50 stoch is dead flat” but if you look at further waves and Stochs behavior at 5 min chart, there were some entries confirmed by 15 min chart. I selected a buy entry agreed on both charts (and 15 min Stochs were not flat) and as it turned out to be it would not be a viable entry.

Then you say that “at 9.20 (on my time frame anyway) the 5 then gave a signal to sell. That same signal did not "arrive" at the 15 min chart until 10.00” To me, it did “arrive”, see all the stochs at 15 min chart crossed down but later it proved to be the last false signal before the real downward move.

So, how do you differ between “promising” entries on 1 and 5 min charts? They all go back and forth with the Stochs on 15 mins going the same direction but later the stochs on 15 min chart change direction (though they were showing the trend by crossing in this or that direction) making my entries invalid.

How to single out and pick up the “real” signal? Seems like I misinterpret something…

Thanks for explanations!

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
Thanks Maccavity for the mental stimulation

I have been thinking about stochs all day as I have been taking my kids around Christmas shopping!  2 minds are better than one.

I think this is what Boxinglife called "congestion before a movement", I think he uses another word (consolidation), but the meaning is still there.  I was stuck in that stuff from a couple of hours before London open till a couple of hours after.  1min GBP/JPY candles were jumping up and down 30 pips at a time!

The weak signal was between your 2 question marks.  I see what you mean by the signals before that.  I have been caught in that before as well, the congestion stuff.  I use double bollinger bands on my charts as well, SD 1 and 2.  When the bollinger bands have narrowed and are flat (see my attachment), I am considering being cautious about entering.  They also provide a means of exit, knowing when a move has finished.  Combining the best oscillating indicator (Boxinglife stochs) with the best? trending indicator, bollinger bands.

Even if you enter on every signal, the large rewards will be much greater than the small losses.

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Also, feel free to ring me and wake me up if there is a move like that!!

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
I totally agree, BB is a great tool when you dont have a good eye for market price

I'm intending into adding several BB to my present one

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
Hi Sexies

The Dow weekly chart has just Given a short entry signal complete with a Reversal  candle formation and a head and shoulders chart pattern. I cant post a chart atm but I just wanted it on record that the highest probability, for the next longer term move, for equities and therefore carry trades, is down according to the sexystoch indicator.

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
It's just a feeling but i think this week will be just like the stoch shows, down on equities, and bullish on yen and $

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Dear Jont,

Your idea of using BBs as the context/environment in which to frame a boxing trade seems a good one, and thank you: when the BBs are flat and or narrow then stay away from trades; when they are widening and/or directional then apply the oscillator. Am I understanding you correctly? I don't, though, understand your explanation about shorter term timeframes building bigger timeframes (I've read Spud's thread) in a way that is useful to filtering good boxing trades from bad. In short, how does one really jibe timeframes with boxing? Then again, perhaps one doesn't need to if the stoch. look is good enough? Your thoughts? Melpheos? MACDoug?

Thanks very much,

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
I have to agree with MAC.Doug that the larger time frame are important for trend and direction, though I go right down to the 1 minute for entry.

I am presently watching Bollingers DVDs to find out more about his strategies.  But basically when it is flat and narrow it is a sign of consolidation.

Powerful means of SL and exit as well.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Good to have some clear trends for a change in GJ.  What we need is the stock market to go down in US (Yen strengthen) and some bad business news in UK and Europe

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
I agree with the Bollinger observation. A stoch signal + bollinger breakout after a squeeze is good for getting a bigger move

as for mtf, sexystoch already has the longer time frame built in, visible on one chart. Much simpler than spuds mtf stochs

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
I was experimenting with bollinger bands and stochastic over weekend and I what I find here, what telepaty or something that binds us all together ))

It would be good to use Bollinger B to determine consolidation period, when they get real narrow, I tride to insert one EMA to determine consolidation period - when EMA is inside BB = consolidation but I am not so sure it would work, what exactly would be start of consolidation and what would be end,

maybe boxing the values when BB gets narrow??? any more ideas?

Maybe John Carter's squeeze would be an idea to use to recognize consolidation? (BB inside Keltner channel)

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
Great Ahil

Can you describe John Carter's squeeze?

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
Squeeze is when Bollinger Bands get inside Keltner Channel - in short

What values for both you should use, hmm dont know you should experiment

here is explanation in more details

from

http://transcripts.fxstreet.com/2006...ing_volat.html

For students of Bollinger Bands, periods of low volatility are identified as the times when the bands “move closer together.” This is always great in hindsight, but in real time, how does a trader know that the current narrowness is really narrow enough to qualify as low volatility? This setup answers that question by adding the Keltner Channels as well as a momentum index oscillator.
John Carter (Mar 9, 2006 11:49:58 AM)

For readers who are unaware of how these indicators work, I’ll take a few moments to explain them here. Bollinger Bands are a type of envelope that is plotted at standard deviation levels above and below a moving average. This produces an effect of having the bands widen during periods of higher volatility and contract during less volatile periods. During periods of lower volatility, in sideways moving markets, the bands contract toward the moving average. Keltner Channels are based on a standard moving average. The actual band lines are offset by a positive and negative standard deviation value from the central moving average value, to provide upper and lower bands. While the Bollinger Bands expand and contract as the markets alter between periods of high and low volatility, the Keltner Channels stay in more of a steady range.
John Carter (Mar 9, 2006 11:51:54 AM)

The quiet periods I’m looking for are identified when the Bollinger Bands narrow in width to the point that they are actually trading inside of the Keltner Channels. This marks a period of reduced volatility and signals that the market is taking a significant breather, building up steam for its next move. The trade signal occurs when the Bollinger Bands then move back outside the Keltner Channels

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
John Carter (Mar 9, 2006 11:52:47 AM)

I use a 12-period momentum index oscillator to determine whether to go long or short. If the oscillator is above zero when this happens, I go long; if it is below zero, I go short. These are all canned studies that come with most charting packages. For the parameters, I just use the default settings on TradeStation. These readings are 20 and1.5 for the Keltner Channels and 20 and 2 for the Bollinger Bands. I also took an extra step and turned all these into an indicator which makes it easier to read on the chart, which I explain in a moment.

------------

this was long, but interesting if you want to read it all.

Now it is system for self, but if you take only squeeze without momentum to indentify buy or sell signal we could use it as indicator for consolidation period and avoid getting in on stoch signals, or at least that is my idea for now.

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
A trade i'm in right now

I took the trade off the M5 but i'm sure at 100% that there is a signal on M15.

You can see clearly the consolidation before the next drop. It is 10 candle long which is enough for a signal to appear on the next TF (around 4 M15 candles)

I missed all previous signal that was very good too because i was in my car driving from a customer

Edit : closed à +55... This was a major move and i'm expecting a retrace.

Edit2 : retracing now ^^...

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Frustrating... several losses in a row.  and BB were expanding...

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Show us the setup you have taken

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
2 trades i'm in

USDCAD entry was good (+26 atm) but i have taken a not very good entry on EURYEN (-6 atm)

We will see how they ends

Whoa : +40 on the usdcad, i was not expecting such a move... Nothing on euryen :-/ I'll wait a bit more for this one before closing if there is no move and raise sl on usdcad

edit : +35 closed on usdcad i'll go to lunch soon there will be probably a small pullback. Euryen is starting to move upward ^^

edit2 : closed +30 on euryen it was not showing any strenght to go higher...

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
Another great move, i missed it as i was not paying attention at that time of the day and i had no access remotly to my home pc

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
Here they are. It's clearly seen that this strategy has a sense...but I am doing something wrong...

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
The 1st one should have been a gain of minimum 5 pips, you had at a given time around 25 pips and you should have move your SL to +5 or +10

The 2nd one should have been a BE even...

Your entries was good but the management of the trade was poor.

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
I have been trying to get up to speed on this system for the last couple of days and I think I have a fair grasp of the concept. Could you be a little more specific as to what settings need to be adjusted for different tf's/pairs ?

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
The only settings i would suggest to change are

Medium stoch speed filter

Slow stoch speed filter

MA filter period

and MA speed filter

I will make a big screenshot with the different settings as making a guide takes too long

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Thanks...appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Here is the guide as promised and a new version of the indicator with an added filter.

It will not show signal nor send alert/mail when Bollinger band are tighter than the level you will set.

I encourage anyone using this strategy to give advice as to filter wrong signal (if they are programmable)

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Thanks for the update!

I use QQEA with a SF of 14 on 15m charts. It is the same as the regular QQE but it lets you adjust the RSI Period and DARFACTOR as well as the SF.

I also use plain old CCI, mostly for exits. I added levels of 100 and -100. I exit a BUY when the line descends through 100 from above and I exit SELLS when the line crosses -100 from below.

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
I think i'v read somewhere QQE repaints.

As for CCI, the moves of CCI are usually not very predictable where around 0. Also i'd like to see something for the entry, not exit

But thanks for the idea

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
That could be but I just used it with your templaye to snag +96 on UJ.

Yes...I don't use CCI around 0.

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Could you post the QQEA and a screenshot ?

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
http://i5.photobucket.com/albums/y170/orion70/qqea.jpg

I am also attaching an alert indicator for QQE.

EDIT: Added QQE Alert v3 as it lets you fine tune with RSI period and DARFACTOR...something the MTF alert does not allow.

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
made over 300 pips from thursday morning to friday early afternoon

one of my trades was eur/nzd

a falling 21 stoch (like i said u can use the settings ur comfortable with so i always change my settings in order not to be bored)

so we got a falling 21 and we got price moving lower slowly

even though 21 is still above 80 its ok because it was dropping

my entry was when a bar closed much lower than the previous bar. it is where i put my horizontal line. u can see how much lower it closed than the previous bar. at the same time the 21 was dropping below the 80 level and the 5 stoch had pulled back a fair distance.

i exited at 8840 which was about 142 pips

by the way ignore that buy on my chart thats just a demo account

word of advice for everyone

if ur not making money its prob because of a few things but mostly either ur rushing into the trade coz the setup is looking good and thats dangerous coz u could get in too early and the setup fails even though it was looking good and it turns out to be a trend change or because ur trading small timeframes.

for example melpheos trades smaller timeframes but hes almost as experienced as i am with this

if ur not dont trade anything under 1h or else ull get burned so often it wouldnt even be funny anymore. at first it will be funny

trade like me. put a 4h chart look for a great setup and enter when the bar breaks the last bar or the last few others in the direction of ur trend. high probability setups and trust me u wont be dissapointed

have faith in this system and if ur trading bigger timeframes give it time. dont expect a 4h trade to go ur way in the first 5 min. i expect that coz im experienced enough to enter with a tiny drawdown most of the time but as for you guys give it room to breathe. let it go up and down.

i shorted the pound yesterday and i was in profit in the next 30 min by 25 pips. so im not gonna close its a 4h setup so im giving it time. then it shot up and i was down about 20-30 pips

well at some point i got sick of trading and it was around breakeven so i closed only to see it at the end of the day drop more to give me near 40 pips if i had stayed in. this is not greed. this is patience

-greed is when u see a good profit and not take it because u want more

-patience is when u see a good setup and wanna see it work till the end even if the max profit was 30 pips on a 4h chart

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
Hey Boxingislife, you are still around!  Your discovery with these multi-speed stochs is brilliant, thanks.  It gives you a basic undestanding of where the market is going to go (TREND) like no other indicator mix does.  It gives you confidence to enter a contrarian trend on pullback (price has spiked back down) because you KNOW where the market is going.  You may use the exact systems posted here, or you may develop your own (I have), but whatever, if you know the trend you are in, inside the timeframe you are in, you have the "edge" that can make Forex successful.

Also, all credit to Melpheos too for all the indicators he has developed and "sticking around and sticking around" developing this venture.

I have read and tried a lot of the other systems on this site, and some are good and successful, but none other actually gives you an eye and understanding of what is going to happen in the market more than mult-speed stochastics.

Cheers to you both

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
Hey Boxing!!

Good to see your back!!

I see your using a different setting for the 20 ma. Is this your setting for the higher TF's? I don't trade lower than the 1hr. Please advise.

BTW, Check PM

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Any settings should work, that is the beauty of the system.

Any settings have the potential to show you the pullback pattern.

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Dear Melpheos,

Thank you for all your work. Is this coding an EA that will generate signals to the broker, put in initial risk stops, place trailing stops, etc.?

Thanks,

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
I've tried to make an EA but it was not profitable. My indicator is pretty effective but it lacks the human eye to filter the good and bad trades.

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Agree, this method is better to do it manually.

30mins chart can have 30-50pips with 15pips SL.

A very good risk to reward ratio.

Assume you have 10 signals a day. Winning is 60%.

Net Gain: 40 x 6 - 18 x 4 (spreads included)= 168pips

If its a mini account I will have 168 USD per day, very good.

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
Sitting in front of my computer all day and missed this trade!  Thought the markets were supposed to be dead just after Christmas.  Eventually got on (at the end of it!).

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
I have updated my sexy stoch indi.

Removed the 3rd signal type (was showing only once in a while), you now set the MA only once and its valid for each signal type.

Added MSN popup alert style (attached are the necessary program, dll and include)

You have to put pop.exe and pop.dll on c:\ and the mhq file in your include folder. You can put pop.exe and the dll somewhere else but you will have to edit the code of the mq4 file (at the very end there is a 'c:" reference). I will update my guide later on.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
http://smileys.smileycentral.com/cat/8/8_6_41.gifHappy New Year for Boxingislife.. and all Member of this thread.. http://smileys.smileycentral.com/cat/8/8_6_2v.gif

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
new version, i have included the mqh file and gave credit to codersguru in the code. You still need to have pop.exe and pop.dll under c:\

I must say i really like the pop up alert.

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Happy New Year sexies

Im cleaning up on EJ this session from two signals on the 15 min chart. Looks like the longer term  carry trade prediction I made earlier is playing out very well.

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Melpheos,

You wouldn't happen to have or know where to get the source for the pop.exe and pop.dll?  I've got an idea of what it is, but want to be sure.

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
it's from here : http://www.metatrader.info/node/82 but there is no source (i know it might be frightening but i have scanned it and i also made a check on outside communication and there is nothing )

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
thanks melpheos...really appreciate ur help in this thread.....

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
I checked it.  thanks.  I was wondering why Codersguru would use a dll for something w/ so little code.

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Hi boxingislife

Was just crusen thru the different threads and came upon yours.  Seems like an easy to use system.

Thanks for the well laid out format.

I'll give it a try.

ozzibob

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
it is a great system , thank u for all, i am a newbee in forex so just reading and learning,happy new year to all

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Two good trades today; perfect entries and a bit of luck on the exits but that rounds 115 pips so i think i'm done for the day except if i see a nice consolidation on M15. Overtrading is usualy bad for my account ^^ Also, GY is in overbough on short TF but is very oversold on longer TF so that could be an opportunity to go long on Yen if a signal appears.

BTW, you can see on the screenshot a bullish signal (1) before the trade i took but even if present there was nothing to validate it so i did not took it (i looked at my chart when waking up and it was there ). That is why you shouldn't not use my indicator only but uses your brain also ^^

I will proceed testing demo the peaks and valley strategy.

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
hi melpheos

at first i would thank you for all the work you have done on this thread.

i have noticed that you have done many changes in this method, the last time i have updated was with the "Sexy Stochastics 1.2.pdf", and it was good to me

it would be great if you tell me the actual settings of your sexy back

or maybe you can release the "Sexy Stochastics 1.3.pdf" so that everybody can profit from.

kind regards

spence

ps: i like to say "thank you" again and course many thanks to boxingislife too.

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
Well, in fact you can use the pdf as a main line but you should not focus on it as YOUR trading method.

As a fact, i'm not using the nonlag ma, nor heiken ashi anymore. The more you get used to charting, the less indicator you have on your charts. Sometime, i dont even look at the stochastics because i see a known pattern. You have to remember that stochastics are just a way to see easily what you can't see on the chart and they should not be traded blindly.

I still keep BB because they show visualy good exit point when the price go far above/below it.

Other indicator are mainly helpers and i use them because i'm used to used them.

You can see my settings on the last screenshot i have posted. The only difference with Boxingislife is the faster Fast stochastic and the fact that i follow the smoothed signal line and not the main line.

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
wow

what a quick answer

i think i'd understand what you mean..i'l try to do so

thanks again

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
Made a small loss today (i still have to learn no to trade on late friday)

Perfect setup but things went wrong on AUDUSD 15M around 16h30 GMT+1

I took it too fast and did no wait for a proper higher high. Stopped @ -30...

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
Hi melpheos

Thanks for taking the time to post your loss. If more traders did that it would keep things a bit more real around this Forum

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
3 trades today, one losing and one winning. I can see clearly now why the losing trade did not went as expected but it is allways easier afterward :-/

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Hi Melpheos,

First of all let me thank you and congratulate you for the excellent work you've sharing with us.

Now, I've been monitoring the StochV-Melpheos-ACS and I would like to ask you which of the filters is typically more safe and less safe. Which one gives you more pips or which one?

Do you use all the signs to trade or you filter some of them?

What exist strategy do you normally use? Does it depend on the filter condition you use to open?

[update as I forgot some questions]

What time frames do you use for this method? I saw M15 and M5 in your charts. Do they need we change some parameters for these timeframes?

Can I use them on M1 or H1 or D1? Does the parameters change?

What do you mean by "Stoch Speed"?

Can you save and share the template of your graphs?

Many, many Thanks,

Lugopt

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
You can find all you need in my sign

As for the stoch speed it's also explained in the pdf i made for my indi.

I do not take all the signal my indi gives me. It is only a tool that warns me to look at the chart only when necessary. So i filter signal with my eyes.

I dont remember the default settings on my indi but atm i uses 10 for the MA but any other settings will give you other signals.

You see it's really just a tool, 10 will give you some signals and remove others, 20 will give you some signals and remove others. My idea was in fact to remove signal either good or bad (hopefully more bad than good) so that i dont get to many alerts.

You can edit the code to suits your trading style as i provided it.

I'm testing a new filtering, find the code and the additional indicator

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
In this trade right now, only trade of the day...

Seems ok to me but it's late...

edit : up 40 pips allready...

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Hi Melpheos.

Many Thanks for your message and the indicators. I will try them and give you my opinion.

I prefer to trade the big picture but I don't resist to see the micro one, so I spent some time on M1. Usually I trade EURJPY has it has the biggest correlation with stock market.

Today I really, really enjoyed this system: It gave me plenty of signs that served to take profit and open new lots. Not 1, not 2, not 3... well it gave me 10 Type-2 signals and 2 Type-1 signal everything within 75 minutes.

Thanks,

Lugopt

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Hi,

After taking a brief look at the new version I think the two differences are:

1) changed the SMA for EMA

2) add LSAR: Close must be bigger/smaller than close for buy/sell.

This means that when price is above/below LSAR it would not show sell/buy signals, as you can see one example in the images attached. The image without the Buy Type-1 signal is the new version.

Well, I think this could make sense and it seems less agressive. I think I will start use the new version.

I've had already LSAR on my charts but with other name: MT4-LevelStop-Reverse that I got from My MT4 indicators for Auslanco's strategy topic.

Thanks,

Lugopt

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
In a trending market, by indi will do a fantastic job giving you entry point and it seems that with the new filter, it will prevent you the enter in a ranging market or unclear trending market.

But it still shows bad trade so i'm looking forward to improve. The less i look at the chart, the better i feel ^^

Closed my GBPCHF trade of yesterday à +200 pips... Sweet ^^

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Dear Melpheos,

Your and Boxingislife effort is appreciated i read all post and i am very new here i try this method but it is not working for me as it is working for all of you..

i notice one thing that  in starting of this thread method is
stochastics:

k:20

d:10

slowing:20

another stochastics in the same window. this one is longer term.

k:50

d:10

slowing:20

3rd stochastics in the same window. this one is for entry.

k:5

d:3

slowing:3

but in your chart i saw that 3rd stochastic is 4,2,2 so please can you explain about it???

i try many times but so far not successful please explain me something about it that i need to follow 20 or 50 or this 5?

because as i can see in your chats that you can make easily 10-30 pips but when i try i always closed order after 2-5 pips what i do please help i am very new in it your help will be appreciated..please all of you help me out about it and clear my confusion i am confused how to follow and where to follow and when open position..please help me out...

thanks

ANDY

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
there is a 108 pages. we changed the settings many times

try reading the whole thread if u wanna learn how to use the system not just the first or last page

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
i am reading thread and doing practice too right now i am at 88th page but so far not successful i know it will take sometime to get expert but if you will guide me where i am getting problems so from this way it will be great help and slowly slowly i will do better the previous so please let me know i am checking settings but tell me about that follow to 20 or 50?which is the main line to follow?please clear this step

thanks

ANDY

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
lol ok

sorry i wasnt trying to be rude if i came off that way

how about this

send me the trades u have taken along with the charts. the trades that failed

and ill tell u what u did wrong

either by pm or post them in the thread and ill help u

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
Hi ForexNew.

Don't be so surprised for the fact you're not profitable with this system. The success of a Trader depends less than 30% of the system used, and I'm a good example of it.

I traded this system a few day and made more than 100 pips. I traded this system another couple days and I lost more than 200 pips. Was the system wrong? No. The problem was that I was buying when the system told to sell and I was selling when system told to buy.

There will be no system that could help me if I don't follow it.

Is that your case too?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
Just an addition to what Boxingislife say, sometime good looking setup just wont work... I happens and there is no way to prevent this to happen...

Just like false break out. They look just like real break out but they wont work...

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
thanks for your post i also made some lost more but still doin practice..thanks for your this post boxingislife it is appreciated..i got my answer to read it..

today i open positions around 15 and in 13 got success and in 2 got lost more then profit lol but slowly slowly understanding the system you are right 4h is main and it is working good i need few months more..thanks once again for all of you help

ANDY

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
How to open position in condition like that..it would be good trade??please check

i attached all images i am working in M15 now..i am confuse to think that H4 which is main is going up and M15 and h1 coming down so how to open position and it will be for buy/sell please help...

ANDY

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Hi ForexNews.

It's dificult to have an opinion on a pair I don't trade neither check the price frequently. Furthermore CHFJPY is not very volatile which mean that it is rare to have +100pips range days. Both CHF and JPY are used for Carry Trade and it's not a major pair.

Another thing that got my attention is the quantity of information you have on the graph. I thought that no one has more than me but finally I found one: You. :-)

One sugestion: you could have another profile with that information but on main graph it should be as clean as possible, at least behind the price window (and you should have less zoom to have more bars on the window).

Usually I'm trading EURJPY (as it is the pair with the biggest correlation with Stock Market) on M1, M5, M15 time frame. To trade on H4, H1 you need to have wider Stop Loss which my emotions doesn't allow me to have.

Besides the indicatores Boxingislife and Melpheos suggested I added a small line to ADX values and another to daily ranges of the pair (I could have add ATR but I prefer this one). I also added two Moving Averages that could help me confirming the signals. Right now I'm testing EMA5/EMA8 and EMA9/EMA26 (reading Mechanical Trading Systems: Pairing Trader Psychology with Technical Analysis (Wiley Trading) I found the cross EMA 9 and EMA 26 has the best statistical record).

Looking for your charts, none of the time frames have Stoch-20 or Stoch-50 above 80 or below 20 so I would not take any trade.

On H4 Stoch-20 and Stoch-50 were starting to climb but stopped and are flat. On H1 Stoch-20 and Stoch-50 dropped 80 line a few bars ago so I would be inclined to go short. On M15 Stoch-20 and Stoch-50 are near oversold but Stoch-4 is also very low. I would wait to Stoch-4 to go up and when it drop I would check if Stoch-20 and Stoch-50 would be oversold and going down. If all that happens I would SELL.

But definitely I would trade another more volatile pair.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
remove some indicators, they prevent you to see what is happening

In your example, you say that on H4 it is going up... Yes stoch are going up but price is obviously going down...

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
Hi Melpheos.

I'm writing the StochV-Melpheos-ACS.mq indicator to another trading platform so I'm reading carefull each condition that triggers a signal and there are some things on Case 4 that I don't understand (and because the PDF does not describe Case 4 I cannot see if it's wrong or not):

1) The conditions to Case 4 Reversal Pattern 1 are:

if (( stoch20now < stoch20previous )

&& ( stoch20now < stoch20after )

&& ( stoch50now < stoch50previous)

&& ( stoch50now < stoch20after)

&& ( stoch20now < Super_OSOB_Filter )

&& ( stoch50now < Super_OSOB_Filter )

&& (( manow - maafter) < Fast_MA_Speed_Filter )

&& ( maafter > manow)

&& ( Show_Case4 == True))

The first two are a V shape on Medium Stoch. The third and fourth seemed a V on Slow Stoch but you compare Medium Stoch with Slow Stoch on line 4. Is this a typo or it's correct?

2) Then maafter > manow. But if this is true as long as Fast_MA_Speed_Filter is positive, (( manow - maafter) < Fast_MA_Speed_Filter ) will always be true. Is this correct?

3) On Case 4 Reversal Pattern 2 it says all Stochs (Fast, Medium and Slow) should be on Overbought/Oversold:

For UP:

&& (   stoch5now < OSOB_Fast_Stoch4 )

&& (   stoch20now < Super_OSOB_Filter )

&& (   stoch50now < Super_OSOB_Filter )

For Down:

&& (stoch5now > (100 - OSOB_Fast_Stoch4 ))

&& (stoch20now > (100 - Super_OSOB_Filter ))

&& (stoch50now < (100 - Super_OSOB_Filter ))

but for Down case the Slow Stoch says it should NOT be on oversold. Is this a typo?

By the way the backtests I'm doing with this indicator are not very goods. It says that during 2007 and for EURJPY only 40% of the trades will be profitable.

I will double check the rules, the stop loss and exit conditions to improve the system without doing curve fitting.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Hi,

As I told before, I programmed the StochV-Melpheos-ACS.mq4 for another platform and did some backtesting. The results were rather disappointing although I've missing a critical factor: Multi-TimeFrame correlation.

I tested EURJPY both on M15 and M5, from 2-Jan-2007 to 15-Feb-2008, both Long and Short trades. Here are the results.

TimeFrame: M5

Total Net Profit: $ 11,435.39

Max DrawDown: ($ 7,994.78)

Number of Trades: 4003

% Wins : 34%

Max Consecutive Losers: 21

RINA Index: -414.86

TimeFrame: M15

Total Net Profit: $ 11,557.05

Max DrawDown: ($ 9,412.90)

Number of Trades: 1171

% Wins : 36%

Max Consecutive Losers: 20

RINA Index: -95.14

[RINA Index should be positive and higher as possible. Rina Index = (Total Net Profit)/((Average DrawDown)x(% Time in the Market))]

I think there are two main disappointing results: 1) the low percentage of winning trades (between 34% and 38% depeding on the timeframe and Case applied); 2) the high number of consecutive losers. With 20 consecutive losers a trader should have iron emotions and lots of patience to not stop trading this system.

By the way, another important factor could be the exit strategy. The strategy exit I used was any of the following:

1) Medium Stoch leaving Overbought/Oversold zone for Long/Short entries;

2) Slow Stoch leaving Overbought/Oversold zone for Long/Short entries;

3) EMA 5 Crossing Below/Above EMA 13 for Long/Short entries;

If someone suggest another exit technique I'll be happy to test it.

Now I will test other pairs namely EURUSD, GBPUSD and USDCHF.

I would love to have your opinions and suggestions.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
I had worse result with the EA i tried to program on MT4 (only losing) and unfortunately i dont have any suggestion to make a profitable EA out of my indi.

The point is that it is not a mechanical strategy and it still needs looking on other TF, looking on good consolidation (something which is difficult - probably not even possible - to code)...

I have absolutely no clue for that

Edit : i did not saw your previous post, the signal 4 is just a test and i did not work on them for a while now. Do not use them (by default it's on false in my indi )

About point 2) the reason was to be able to set whatever value you want to the speed filter. I dont remember exactly why i did like that but coding with only the speed filter was not satisfying.

For point 3) the indi will try to catch reversal so it assume that a V in oversold or /\ in overbough "might" be a reversal

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Hi Melpheos, thank you for your message.

I understand that some rules could be dificult to implement but we should define them and then try to backtest them. I agree with you, at least to me, visually, this system seems to work. But if this is the case, we should be able to define the rules.

If we don't have clear rule different people will implemented in different ways and even the same person can use them different depending state of mind or emotions.

After losing +300 pips I decided that I would do not trade again without having a Trading Plan! In that Trading Plan I need to define several things including "I will buy when x happens", "I will sell when y happens". If I don't define this or if I allow myself to decide based on the state of mind on the trade decision, for sure I will continue to lose money and I don't want that. :-) I want to trade for 5, 10, 20 years from now. To do this, I need to be profitable.

Can you or someone elaborate a small set of rule based on the previous one that include a multi-time frame conditions?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
i have tried to formalize some rules but did not success, this strategy is a price action strategy and in fact i could nearly use it without looking the stochastics as well we have to look in for a consolidation in an established trend.

But it's very visual so difficult or nearly impossibleto program due to the numerous possiblities.

edit : could not trade for the whole week because my home PC is half broken (wont boot on morning but will start in the evening, wont boot if i dont make a clear cmos and removing usb devices )

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Hello all:

I have recently read this thread. First of all I would like to thank all of you for posting and educating us newbie forex traders.

I am new to MT4 platform and I am still struggling in getting the 2 stocashtics in one window. Could someone please give me step by step instructions on how to do it.

I have put up 2 different period stochastics in 2 different windows, but I am unable to 'drag' one window onto the other as was suggested on page 1 by a trader.

Your help is highly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Do a drag & drop.

Left click and hold on Stochastic Oscillator (in the Navigator), drag it to the first Stochastic Widows and release. That's it.

Hope this help.

jackt

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Thank you. Got it.

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Personally this system is amazing! I have been demo trading this setup for 6 weeks. 1st 4 weeks I traded at %80(only seeking to take 5-20 pips from the market). The 5th week greed set in and instead of staying the path and banking the 5-20 pips I decided to stretch the trades out in attempt to gain more pips...wrong idea!

This thread has so much useful info but the ideas that really make this system work are "only take the best trades"(time of trades also) and "kill the loosers quick". I have begun to see the market differently, for the opportunities are in abundance thus to be impatient is crazy. Now I just sit back, see the pitch and hit it!

Thanks To All Who Have Contributed To This Thead

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
This strategy is very good to scalp the market but can also lead to very good long term trade.

I cannot trade lately because my PC is dead and i've just purchased the part for my new PC.

I have a laptop but i'm reluctant to open new trade with it because its not easy to use and i dont like to work on a laptop (i use it sometime to manage my trade but not to open them )

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Hi all,

I've been all through this thread and have been picking apart the method.  Just a question for those trading this live.  How many time higher frames do you need to match up before you go in?  Any?  The next highest?  The two next highest?

I'm watching the EURUSD pullback from the last couple of days and wondering if you would take any of these short.  There's been a number of great looking short entries on most time frames and everything looks down from 1min through to 1 hour...it's just I have a horrible feeling that, at some point, it's all going to go up again.

Happy Stoch-ing!!

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
elchoco

practice makes perfect

not watching eurusd at the moment but as for timeframes the next highest should be enough if its looking good and in agreement

take care

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
In fact, it's more the fact that the other stochs keep changing.  If I see an entry coming, by the time the pull-back has reached it's crossing point, it like the 20 starts turning the "wrong" way.  Then, if I leave the trade, the 20 get's back into shape afterwards leaving me without an entry.

As you say, practice, practice, practice.

Great system and commitment.  Apreciate it.

El Choco.

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
tahts when u look at the next timeframe

see lets say u got a great buy comin then the 20 starts flattening then maybe turning down, u look at the next timeframe to see whats up. even a flat 20 or an upward 20 or even an upward 5 is usually enough to confirm the buy on the lower timeframe. remember u wont always see textbook entries so unless u confirm with the higher timeframe u will miss most entries. and like i said practice makes perfect. give it some time and follow the advice and ull do just fine

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
I found this thread thanks to a subscriber of Peter Bain's AM Review who wrote in praising the Sexy Stoch's.  Had no idea what settings were used until I googled.

Very promising.  I am using Sexy Stoch's with Accucharts and the now included Pivot Points that are incorporated which are based upon Bain's.  Pivot's are powerful.

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
got a link to Peter Bain's AM review?

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
I am helping to develope a system with a couple friends and I am in need of help and second opinions.

THe issue we have run into is that we want to test our system out using Vhands by Blueruby (thanks man!!)  We are using Multiple Time Frame Stochastics that plot the H4 and D1 and WK1 stochastic 5,3,3 on our H4 charts.  But Vhands is unable to compensate and test this set up.

SO what I am asking for your guys help is do you know what settings I should choose in order to simulate the D1 and WK1 Stochastics on the H4 charts?

I have come up with D1 setting (30, 18, 3) and WK1 setting (150, 90, 3) but I am not sure if this is correct and would like a second or 100th opinion on it.

I found these settings by finding that the 5,3,3 on H4 was taking the last 5 4 hour and last 3 4 hour bars.  So by extension I thought that D1 setting would be taking the last 5 daily and 3 daily bars for the two periods of the MA's.  This then would equal 30 4 hour and 18 4 hour bars, because there are 24 hours in a day and therefor 6 H4 bars in a day, over 5/3 days would be 30/18 H4 bars respectively.

THe same was applied to the weekly.  There are 5 days in the weekly bar and the weekly 5,3,3 setting takes the last 5 and 3 weekly bars.  SO the settings would be 5(30), 3(30), 3 or 150,90,3.

YOu probably dont follow what I am saying but if you can help that would be great.  I just need to be able to plot the daily and weekly stochastic on a H4 chart by changing the setting (x,x,3) of the stochastic.  Thanks

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
sometimes what i do is that for example i have a 15 min chart on and i want a 30 min stochastic setup, i just multiply all the settings by 2 and it ends up being very close to an actual 30 min chart. like rather than 5 3 3 u use 10 6 6 etc....

but if ur using a 1h chart and want 4h setups, u can multiply by 4 but yea it gets kinda too weird to look at and looks all flat and hard to understand so i dont recommend it. the only way it would work is if u zoom out some and then look at it it would look a bit better.

having 2 charts would get u a 4h 8h daily and weekly so i recommend u do that rather than squeezing them all on one chart. trust me.

hope this helps if u wanna know anything else feel free to ask and ill give my opinion.

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Im back! (actually I never went anywhere, I just couldnt upload charts)

Anyway I use the sexy stochs as an entry signal in combination with other ta like sinclap. You cannot just take every signal, it takes more work than that to be consistently profitable with this technique but check out how early it gave a short signal on fri just prior to a big sell off on EUR/JPY. Price was still retracing so entry was right at the top of the retracement! amazing!! notice how useless the long signals are toward the end of the chart, I completely ignored them and kept my original short position open which is over 150 pips positive

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
you guys aren't going to believe this - I can hardly believe it myself but on that E/J trade that i kept open over the weekend, I set a limit at 152.20 just above support as a longer term target. i turned on my pc today late Asia expecting the trade to have retraced a little against me after Fridays big move to find the trade had closed out +470 PIPS !!! during the markets most quiet time, Mondays open!!  Now Ive seen it all, anything really can happen.

here is my weekly chart showing the analysis that provided the target that enabled me to capture the whole move bar ten pips.Then the hourly chart clearly showing the bounce after my exit - Home run? its out of the ball park!! proof of the value of TA and S/R in particular

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
M.A.C.Doug, good  Congratulations!!!

It was the best monday ever for me

I did not leave open positions for weekend.

During whole day(monday) i made almost 1000 pips , and made 10% my depo trading veeeeery safe with little amount

I hope it is good sign for whole week for us

I was trading short GU and Long EJ , 11 positions and almost 1000 pips

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Thanks Oleevier and congratulations on your best day also

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
mac

good job

glad my system is makin u $$$

pm me if u get a chance. i got somethin u might like

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Hi stochsters,

What's everyone using as an entry trigger? The cross of the 533 stoch? I'm looking at the charts and waiting for it for the 533 to cross... meanwhile 70 pips have gone past.

Anyone refining an entry on a lower timescale chart? I'd be interested in any proven methodologies. I'm trading off the 4 hour with the daily as a trend. Looking to fine tune an entry on the 1 hour and the 15 min charts.

There's many occasions when the lower time frames offer the expected counter trend movement, it's just difficult to know "how far it's going to pullback" before joining back in with the flow. Waiting for the cross on the 4 Hour seems a ridiculous waste of pips. Anyone else dealing with this???

I will get this! There's such incredible potential in this simple but ingenious method if I can just fine tune it. I've seen countless brilliant entries go by. Perhaps I just need more experience dealing with the "you never know for sure" factor.

Finally finally weening myself off the shorter time frames. It was just getting silly. How many times do you need to bang your head against a brick wall before your brain says stop????

Thanks to all. Great contribution guys.

El Choco

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
OK, no worries, having spent months wandering around in fog of dodgy entries culminating in the post above, I immediately found this: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=50502.

It's got a really helpful trend-line break method of entry for the sexy stoch system.  Sounds simple but it never occured to me!!!

Thought i'd repost it here for anyone that needs it.

Happy Stoching !!

El Choco

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Hello Everyone

Hope this isn't a newbie question....  I am looking at the Sexy system and I have got the chart up with NonLagMA (downloaded from here), the 3 stochs and the HA.  But I can't find the MA Crossover with the neat red and blue arrows.  I guess this isn't part of MT4.  Can anyone please post the indicator for me?

Thanks very much,

CB.

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Those indicators are only helpers. They are not part of the system and you dont really have to use them (same goes for NonLagMA)

But click on the attachement icon of the thread and it should be there under bundle.zip (i think i named it that way)

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
I'm about 8months into Forex trading and I have to say this is the most painless method I've come across yet.  I've read the Spud thread over and over. That combined with this thread gives you so many ways to make a profit it's truly unbelievable.  I began reading this yesterday morning until 4:00AM today. I live in Texas. I traded it live beginning at 6:30AM (yes I stayed up all night reading and digesting this entire thread twice) and scored 9 out of 11 trades with a minimum of 25pips and max of 43pips per trade. I was trading using the Oanda platform with .50/pip to be safe. The reason the other two went bad was due to trading during hours with little market movement. Many thanks to boxing, Melpheos, and everyone else that has contributed to the thread, created indicators, posted charts, etc. Great work guys. The level of fear and apprehension has been greatly reduced since this is mostly a mechanical system..just follow the rules, take the safe trades and bring the pips home.

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Trade from this morning that gave me a cool # of pips. I had several easy setups just like this.

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
Hi Melpheos

Thanks for the advice and links. Understood.

BTW, I got in on the GBPJPY rise early this morning (UK time) that this miraculous system foretold 1 M30 bar in advance!!!   Although I chickened out part way thru as I am kinda new and couldn't believe what I was seeing, did anyone get that eye-watering 410 pip straight-up rise???

CB

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
I would love to trade that pair but I hear so much about how volatile it is that I'm scared of it . Also, so you're trading off the 30min charts? I've tried using multiple timeframes for this strategy but am finding that the signals are pretty darn accurate on one timeframe. I was using Spud's method but this here is wayyy too cool .  "410 pips"!!! I may have to look at that.  The volatility and the 9-pip spread are such a deterrent to me though.  Truly though, I have yet to find a pair that this system does not work on.  Glad you had success..I wish you more.

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Hi JD

Yup - I guess I'm too much of a newb to know enough to be scared of the Dragon! I just looked at the 4 big pairs in order of market size. Started with the EURUSD but, apart from the odd good day, seems to be dead as a dodo most of the time -- boring! The GBPJPY always seems to be on the move so I thought I'd have a go.

For me, the GREAT thing abouy Sexy is the fact it seems to apply to all pairs and nearly all time frames. I also looked long and hard at Spuds Thread Theory but (a) it is WAY too complex for me and (b) just isn't nearly as good as Sexy. On my demo account, I generally lost money with threads but I seem to get around 8 out of 10 right with Sexy.

Those guys who say KISS is the way ahead are absolutely right!

I colour the 50 RED, the 20 BLUE and the 5 GREEN. So I know my rule is to trade the green FROM red TO blue in the OB/OS regions. That's it!

Timeframes - I mentioned the 30M simply because the 410 pip rise started around 0500 UK time and went on all day so you can see the whole beautiful beast in one chart -- barely a down candle for 12 straight hours on the M30 chart!!!!. Actually, I got in on my 5M timeframe which seems good for GBPJPY given the volatility. But like the experts on this thread say, I then check maybe 1 or 2 higher timeframes just to be sure before diving in.

My M30 chart attached.

CB.

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
That's awesome, but I have to say I'd never have taken that trade looking at the chart you posted.  The 20 and 50 look way too flat for me to have considered it.  Perhaps there was more slope on a different time frame.  Either that, or I need to reconsider what I'm looking for as a viable entry.

Either way,  good going!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
Hola

Yes - it was lucky!  I have read that flat 20/50 is generally not good but I have seen this pattern in the past and it has generally been quite frituful for me.  BUT you have to confirm on 1 or 2 higher time frames.  If I am being "aggressive" I only look 1 higher.  If I am being cautious I look 2 higher.  You never need any more than that (imho).

CB.

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Two things I have to say. First, I don't think I would've taken that one either since the lines are pretty flat but since it worked out for you, I will definitely test out that path a few times . Secondly, after your post yesterday, I decided to take on the Geppy last night around 11:30PM CST.  And guess what..first trip on that pair and I profited $348!!  I was using the 1hr chart. I'm hooked now, LOL!  As for the Spud thread, I agree it sounds complex but it is effective.  My main thing with that one is that the trades don't come often enough for me. With Sexy, I place anywhere from 3 to 7 trades a day and have at least a 75% winning ratio.  This is so easy it's almost a crime. I don't know how Boxing came upon this but man am I glad he did.  Keep up the good work all you Sexies!!

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Hi JD

Brave man -- well done on your first wrestle with the Dragon!! BTW, I have just noticed a nice little signal on the GBPUSD. Oh-ho! In the time it took to type that I am up 15 pips!

BoxingLife is a hero....

CB.

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Question for the experts...

On a few charts posted here, some folk have added a Stoch(100,x,x).  What is this for and how would we use it?  Also, I have seen Doug uses a Stoch(4,2,2) in place of the (5,3,3).  He claims you get in 1 bar earlier.  Does anyone have any comments on this - is it any good?

CB.

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
Read my previous posts. I have advised to use this settings rather than 5,3,3 and with them you definitly go in 1 candle faster but you have to look the MA line with smoothed and not the signal. Otherwise you get to many signals.

My present chart looks like this(this is my work PC not my home PC so the orders are not showing).  I entered on the 2nd (1) signal of the 1st and i'm still in up around 500 pips ATM (largely recovering my previous losing trades )

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
Melpheos, I was just about to write you a post when I see that you're on now. Good. I have a question for you. I've been following this thread and I have downloaded your latest template/guide but I cannot for the life of me, figure out what the numbers with the circles are that appear on the chart. I'm doing very well with a basic template using 50/10/20, 20/10/20, 4/2/2 but would like to put your new stuff to use since I'm sure it's very effective. Can you give me a brief overview so that I can get that concept in my head when reviewing the guide and template that you have?

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
By the way, 1st loss on the system for me today and that was because I wasn't mindful of the news I guess or something like that.  I entered the classic setup that's been going without fail around 10:15AM CST.  Price bounced up and down a bit on the Geppy and then all of a sudden the 4/2/2 stoch shot up quickly the opposite direction even though the 20 and 50 were both sloping down really good.  I was hit for 2% of my account so I'm not hurting bad..just part of the game I guess.

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Melpheos, did you say you're up +500 pips?? Did I read that correctly? OMG! I just HAVE to understand your new template and rules

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
550 now  but the rules are exactly the same so no need for a new template

Also for my indi, i made a guide for it

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
Cool! I'll review it right now. Hey I've posted a copy of what happened to me this morning on one trade. Can you tell me what I did wrong here?  I've tried to make it as clear as I can with the arrows and all. By the way, I was in here short when it turned up on me like that. I guess I don't understand what the 20&50 are telling me then if price is moving opposite like it did here.

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Now look at this one here. Is this one of the times we should just step aside and not take the trade?

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
a quick analysis that's worth what it's worth ^^

On the Geppy i quit at +550 plus a bit of swap... Not bad ^^ but at this level it was starting to get on my nerves...

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
Okay, I'm going over and over those charts you posted and it's getting clearer to me. Why did you say the GBP/JPY was getting on your nerves and how long did you have that trade open for?

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
198.30 yesterday @ 12:52 GMT+1 after several retest of 198.30 it had to break through and i had several signs

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
Now here, I have a question. I know that the 4/2/2 stoch is down and oversold but why was there no circle with a number for a sell signal earlier? I can see the number for the buy right before it started the downtrend.  I just changed my settings to 50/10/10 and 20/10/10 and find that it works better for me. It helps me identify a ranging pattern instead of a trend.

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
I can understand Melpheos' anxiety!  As I said in my earlier post, I got in within 20 pips of the bottom of that rise at 19725 but chickened at 200 pips.  As of writing the market is at 20357 or 632 pips gain.

OK - I'm quite new to all this but I have not seen this "one way" behaviour before and it spooked me!!!!!

CB.

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
Hmm, I've never late a trade run overnight. I may just do that. I've been burned so many times when I traded stocks and options that I learned to protect myself from those opening gaps. I guess if I just set my SL appropriately, I should be able to run a trade overnight.  Knowing me though, I'd get up every half hour to check to see if I got stopped out

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
The reason is that my indicator is not perfect and far from it, otherwise i would be selling it

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
That's a good enough answer for me and hey, that indicator works great...I was just curious about the glitch.  You've done a remarkable job and made a great contribution to this thread and this system.  We owe a lot to you and Boxing. I'm getting a better feel for your indicators now.  The NoLagMA, I took off and have the MA color change lines that I'm using. Also the ACS indicator as well.

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
jdcompute

ur enthusiasm towards the method and how its changed ur trading and what not made me realize how much ive helped people with this method.

how about this?

how bout next monday we trade together? ur new to my method and i figured itl be a good idea to basically do teh whole mentoring thing 1 on 1. obviously not asking for money or anything else. i just think its a cool and fun idea and let me know if ur interested  it doesnt have to be next monday but my free days are monday wednesday and friday. or maybe if u just want a review of some trades uve taken or u want my opinion on the losers.....

im talkin like wll chat all day ill tell u the trades im taking ill tell u which trades to take etc...

my next offer will go to codebreaker and then elchoco. after that anyone trading and following this method religiously i have no problem trading with them for a day.

ive seen other people take traders and help them become profitable. i think one of the famous people on this board "darkstar" did that.

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
I most definitely AM interested in doing that!!! THANKS a million for your offer! Here's the thing.  I'm flying out to California on Wednesday morning but Friday I should be free to do it. Will that work for you?? Once again, thank you very very VERY much for your generous offer on top of all that you've already contributed.

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
I don't normally trade the Asian session but I'm testing this stuff during the Asian session on the Oanda game platform just to see if low volume, etc. will cause this trade to go belly up.

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
Hi Boxing

I am very honoured and I look forward to a "masterclass" with you at your convenience.

Thanks again for all your help and generosity.

CB.

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
This may sound like a dumb question but on the FFCal_v05a indicator, it constantly shows the "4380 days"..I should ignore that part of the label, correct?

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
Just a note that I posted on a different thread but that should have gone here:

I've been playing around with the stoch settings for MTF. I use daily, 4 hr, 1 hr and 15 min.

Using the sexy stoch approach with three lines on one chart I find that (15,x,12) better mirrors the (5,x,3) on the next higher time frame. (I never use %D).

I also use (20,x,12) to give some sense of momentum on the slower stochs.

I found the original settings gave too many conflicting signals, and now I can use a mixture of spuds "escalator" strategy together with the sexy stochs patterns.

It's not perfect (I'm still playing to get a best fit), but it serves to give great correspodence between my four charts.

Here's a pic. [edit: changed pic 14:41 3/4/08] Note the perfect sexy-stoch short entries. I'm still working on only taking the best AAA+++ entries.

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Just for clarification, ur charts show 20,x,25 but you list 20,x,12.  Typo maybe?

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
I have a question for EVERYONE actually  I always hear to check the 15m/1hr/4hr..why does no one ever really mention the 30min chart in all of this? Is this just some method of forex trading where the 30min chart is really not looked at for some reason? just curious.

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
Hi Boxing,

Just came across this a few days ago. Love to be tutored by you on this non-complicated system, which looks great.

Maybe it would be a good idea to set up a trading room on tradingrooms.com and we could all come in there and discuss trades.

Or is there a better way.

Many thanks for helping newbies.

Regards

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
jdcompute:

Well spotted, I uploaded the wrong pic.   Have changed it for one from this morning.

It's not a typo, I confirm my settings are (15,x,12) and (20,x,12).

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
well it failed as an idea in the past. i personally dont really like em and id rather do this 1 on 1 for a day or 2 for each person that way theyl really get the hang of it

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
a clear gbpusd 4h. doesnt mean itl work but it has a good chance of working.

20 stoch getting out of oversold area trending up. 5 pulled back about to turn around and go up

if the current bar closes above the previous bar, its a good indication that itl work

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
It's good to see that so many traders are looking again at this method

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
Hmm as far as I'm concerned this is THE definitive method!  I had a 20pip loss this morning on GBP/JPY trading off the 15min chart.  As I analyzed the trade later and this thread, I realized that I was trading against the 4hr trend.  The 1hr was in step with the 4hr but just that the 15m was opposite. Now I've been testing taking trades off the 15m that are in line with the 4hr trend and it's working.  Even if the 1hr is flat or undecided, it's still working.  Lesson learned eh?  Just one more thing I've learned this morning to make me more successful at this.  I take every loss as a learning experience expecting one day to be as proficient as you guys.  Therefore I'm far from deterred when I see a -10pip...don't wanna see too many of those though

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
3 different timeframes, 3 different signals. Do we sit and wait for the 4hr to come up more and then the 15m to follow? Boxing, how would you proceed on this one? See how the 15m is already trending up and will soon be in synch with the 4hr? That's the part I'm struggling with understanding. And I see by your last post you dropped the 50stoch. Hmm..what's up with that?

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
It´s nice to see this thread coming back to life again!

I read the whole thread few months ago and it was definitly worth every second (despite angry girlfriend  ) This was the easiest method to understand AND very powerful. The first method for me to get far more winners than losers ! I´m still playing on demo ( since 6 months know )  but about to go live !  I just hope  things  will still  turn  out as great as on demo.

almost every demo-account has been doubled in a month or so !

The tricky thing will be to deal with the temporary drawdown when getting in too early. On demo this is not a problem

But i feel very comfortable with this system! It´s almost as if there was nothing to worry about !

I also know spud´s stuff with is very useful too. But sexy stochs is much more comfortable !!!

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
Dan,

I was a devoted follower of the Spud system before I came across this. This system fits like a glove..a whole lot less stress. I just have to work on the nuances and waiting on the setups to come to me. But I have to say this thing possesses deadly accuracy.  I haven't found myself in bad drawdowns since going live a day or so ago. Maybe that's because I'm going in on the 15min charts. I'm going to be moving up to the 1hr/4hr charts so I expect some drawdown there.  Good luck..and hey, move to live trading even if it's .01c a pip. Gotta test those emotions in the live setting ya know. My wife wasn't too upset with how much time I spend reading this thread because she's looking at a new car and all that when I get proficient . I kid you not when I say I spend at least 10hrs a day glued to this thread and Metatrader charts. I can actually feel myself pretty much recognizing patterns, etc.

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
Boxing, I placed a trade on that GBP/USD when the 5 turned around on the 15min chart and was in the same direction of the 4hr. I'm currently +18.

Edit..now it took a little dip down to +8 and now back up: +38

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
WOW!! 10hrs !! not bad  If i had that time i guess i would spend it here too.

But I got a dayjob so that´s not possible. Maybe i will quit it if things are going right  ! I also traded from 15min charts and was successful most of the time. Looking back on charts 4hr signals seem pretty nice. But i think it´s easier to see past moves then recognizing on starting. especially on langer timeframes price can go against us allthough the stochs have crossed.

I think it might be nice to look for 4hr/1hr to agree and then enter on 15min ?

a bit like spud´s elevator. The signals of this system work on every timeframe from 5 min to weekly. That´s scaring  .

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
jd u did good

if i see a setup on the 4h i take it

if its not so clear but theres an uptrend developing on teh 4h, i go to the 1h and take the opportunity there.

like in my example, if the 5 was above 80 while the 20 is pulling up that means theres an uptrend developing but no setup on the 4h. i go down to the 1h and take the trade there

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
Got it. But here's another question for you. Going off the 4hr, don't you subject yourself to massive drawdowns that way? That's what keeps me from the 4hr chart. I know that on the 15min charts, my chances of going into that situation are relatively slim. The 4hr is tempting though because you can pull some pretty good pips like that. With the 15min, it's in and out, in and out. I have plenty of time during the day to watch the charts and trade. In fact, I can trade all day most days so I'm trying to get my pattern together. By the way, does next Friday work for you?

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
I tried the same thing on the USD/CAD but that didn't work out as good as I thought it would. I'm still in the trade right now but I went in at .05/pip just for testing purposes. I went short on the 15m when it lined up pretty good with the 4hr.

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
yea next friday works

as for drawdowns well we trade different timeframes for different reasons.i dont have much time to trade during the week since i go to university so i chose to trade the 4h mostly. drawdowns will happen but its normal with any timeframe. the 4h is just a big bigger but its all worth it in the end when u make 100+ pips per trade. pick the timeframe according to what ur comfortable with and what suits u. dont let ur decision be affected by the drawdown. if u can watch charts all day then u can do a multi time frame analysis and be able to pick really good trades. ill show u some stuff next friday.

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
I apologize for posting charts if that's working on some people's nerves. But I do think that this is a learning experience for all of us since we have Boxing's perspective on this and as the saying goes, a picture is worth a thousand words. Since I have a lot of time to copy/paste, I feel that this is working for my and other newbies' benefits. Alright, that being said, Boxing pls take a look at the 3 charts below. My take on it is that I should only look to go short. I should wait for the 5 stoch on the 4hr and 1hr chart to come back down and meet the 20. Or on the 15m, I need to wait until it all shifts and comes into synch with the 4hr. OR I could pull a Boxing and just take the position on the 4hr when it comes back down. Your take?

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
jd

even though the 20 on the 4h is trending down we see the 5 went down then back up. in this case we could be seeing a trend change. the first sign of a flat 20 on the 4h or a reversal, u should go down to 1h and 15 min and try to pick trades from there. buys obviously.

basically the 4h here is tellin is that the 20 is trending down but iffy because the 5 didnt go down much and went back up.

like i told u once the 20 flattens on the 4h, check the 1h for a trade if its moving up strongly and the 5 is already overbought, check the 15 min. chances are ull find the perfect trade there

gotta go work out ill be back in an hour or so

edit:

in my opinion its not that great of a trade especially because of the time of day. if the 5 on the 4h moves back down and its looking good then short but from what im seeing its gonna consolidate or maybe even go up

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Ahh thanks for explaining all that. Dumb me! I'm sitting here waiting on the 15m to turn around and for the 5 to come back down on the 4hr. All that time, I could've been banking the pips on the 15m!!  Ugh! I would've gone long on the 15m a long time ago but thought it was iffy and not safe all because the 20stoch on the 4hr was still trending down. I fully expected the 5 to turn around any minute.

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
Hey jdcompute!  Don't get too confused by all the the signals.  I used to wait for everything to line up too and watched 1,000's of pips go past.

In the end, if I see a good set up on any time frame I take it.  The slower stochs are already telling me that the next time frame up is going my way, if the one above that is ok too then it's a double green light.

As Spud said, spend a month just watching stochs move and you'll get a feel for how they operate together on MTF.

The Sexy stoch system is so incredibly visual that it's amost a no-brainer. With MTF as well, it's as sure a thing as I've ever used.  As Boxinislife has said himself a million times (i'm telling myself this as I write) "Just wait for the best set-ups!!!!!".

Kudos to you Boxing for this excellent system!!

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
Hmm..I almost see the picture you're painting but not quite.  Please explain this part to me:

"The slower stochs are already telling me that the next time frame up is going my way,"

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
OK, here's a current view of the action from EUR-USD. Two charts, 15min and the next time frame up which (for me) is 1hr.

Notice how the slower moving stochs (15,x,12) & (20,x,12) on the 15 min mirror the movement of the (5,x,3) on the 1 hour.

So, I always know what the 1 hour chart is doing because the slower stochs on the 15 min tell me.

It's the same with other time frames although some behave better than others. I'm still working on 4hr and Daily.

Hope this makes sense.

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
I'm changing the settings on mine and trying to see how it works for me.  Are you saying you only use this sort of setup?

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
i had absolutely no idea a hot girl lived in my apartment building.

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Man ur crazy   Stay focused! I have a question. Why does the 15m synch up with the 4hr so much faster than the 1hr? Why is the 1hr always lagging in getting in step with the 4hr but the 15m moves into place faster?

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
Hmm are we in an uptrend or a downtrend? What is happening here, or what should I be waiting on here?

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
well simply because the 15 min is faster than the 1h and represents a small part of the 4h

=

when a bottom is established on the 4h and price starts moving up, well the 15 min would move up as soon as the 4h starts barely moving up.

if its a true trend change, then u can catch some trades off of the 15 min while the 4h is starting to turn up but at some point the 15 min will turn down because the 4h is forming a higher low which will mark the trend change. at that point the 1h will give u the opportunity to catch that trend change if its looking good

its confusing i know

but ill explain it more in details later on and for you on next friday.

just takes practice and some experience

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
in ur example, id wait to see what the 4h does. like i said its pointing down but the 5 moved back up. wait for a new direction of the 20 or wait for price to move back down some to confirm the continuation of the downtrend.

id rather see the 4h get flat and move back up then catch the trades off of the 15 min and 1h. market time isnt ideal so trade small if a trade comes up

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
Man, I've learned an awful lot from you today just in the few posts you placed. About your last comment, the part I'm chewing on and trying to grasp is this:

"but at some point the 15 min will turn down because the 4h is forming a higher low which will mark the trend change. at that point the 1h will give u the opportunity to catch that trend change if its looking good"

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
Sheeesh!  First day back in the day job after Easter hols and I look at this thread (the BEST on any FX site bar none) after just 24 hours and I have more than two full pages to read!  JD - you are a demon for this stuff -- how can you post so fast!!!  I am struggling to catch up with the sheer volume of critical information that is flashing past here.

But given the potential of this system to actually -- Insh'Allah (as my Arab friends say) -- "deliver the dream" I think nothing should be too much effort.  In fact, this information is so critical I would love to capture it in a more structured manner.

I am trying to do this by writing a custom indicator on the lines of Melpheos' indictor V that summarises all the rules as IF statements, eg.

IF (this) && (this) && (this) etc etc THEN

{

buy/sell

}

Not that I want to make things mechanical, but the discipline of doing this helps me a lot.  And when I drop the custom ind. on a chart and the buys and sells line up in the right place, I know I am getting something right!

CB.

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
Hi Everyone

Going on from the last post, attached is my M15 chart for OIL. I have just a couple of ultra-simple rules in my indicator as yet but I took these trades and did quite nicely. I have 3 more rules to code but since I am learning MQ language at the same time as FX trading (at the same time as the day job etc etc) I am rather struggling to keep my head above water on this one!!

CB.

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Sorry guys, I've been out shopping with the family. I just got back in. By the way, I never formally introduced myself. I'm a 36yr old Information Security Professional in Dallas/Fort Worth.  Codebreaker, glad you're here  Actually, I'm trying to slow myself down with the posting..don't wanna overload Boxing or anyone else. But I am an aggressive learner. Right now it's 8:55PM CST and I can promise you I won't see the bed until 2:30AM and then back up at 5:00AM to see if I can get some good trades.  Been going at it like this for the last 2months but now since I'm in this thread, it's all starting to gel for me.

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
Is Boxing a psychic or what?? I have to post this in honor of what he said earlier. I was prowling the market and took a look at the EUR/JPY. I saw what I recognized as a reversal sign on the 4hr like Boxing said earlier. So immediately I went to the 1hr chart. No set-up there. Went to the 30m and what do you know..the perfect trade just like he mentioned.

EDIT!!!:: The picture says that I went "SHORT" but actually I went "LONG".. must be too little sleep

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
hi jdcompute.

how did you put that info on the leeft corner of  your platform pls assist me in that regards i wish to have on  mine too.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
It's a calendar (indicator) I got from this thread I think or another one. Just put it in your metatrader\experts\indicators folder.

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
how do you set your stop loss or just help me with stop losses

is there a specific placee to set it at, mean like the low of of one candle when  buying or vice- versa.

i guess you understand what am starving of??

thanks

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
yes jd i am psychic

lol

good to see ur learning. im happy that u guys are keeping this thread alive

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
yes JD, that's it.  But I always have four time-frames open at the same time, (15min, 1 hour, 4 hour and Daily) so I can always see the correspondence between them.

One of the things I learned from Skunny's thread is to decide a set-up and then learn how it relates to the market.  There's no ideal set-up, just a steady building of a relationship with the indicators you have chosen.

I've got so used to looking at smaller times frames (5min and below) that sometimes I look at a move and think "nah, I won't take that, it's only got a few pips before the next stop".  On the four hour chart that can be over 100 pips easily.

Still refining my use of this, but it's sooooooooooo promising if I stop chasing all the crappy entries I used to take.

Thanks Boxing for making trading much more relaxing and enjoyable. (and profitable !!!!!!!!!!)

Happy trading to all.

El Choco

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
ur welcome elchoco

are u having good returns?

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
Hi Boxing,

Take your point on tradingrooms. How do we set up a day and mode of communication. Is that using msn or skype chat, or another means. I'm based in the UK.

Thanks a great deal. Means a load to me and to others I'm sure.

Regards

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Boxinislife:  Yes, taken about 30-40 pips a day for the last week or so, missed an entry yesterday because some other guy was on my PC, and today is NFP so will wait to see what happens.  Far more importantly, I haven't had a loss since early last week.

I just read "Trade in the Zone" and so have committed myself to taking only the best set ups for my 20 next trades to see where it leaves me.  I had no problem making a profit, just keeping it!

Taking only the best trades is advice I've heard you give over and over again on this thread.  This system is easy, but I had lots of bad habits to let go of.

I only look at EUR-USD so I get about 1 good set-up a day.  I just leave my charts open while I'm at work so that's fine.  I haven't got time to keep scanning through the currencies looking for other set-ups.  All in all it's a lot more peaceful that way.  Also, moved up to higher time frames which helps a lot.

Now need to work on Exits.  Sometimes I'm leaving a lot of money on the table.  Still getting used to the rhythm of the longer time frames.  Sometimes the price can retrace a long way, but if I take profit, there's often no well defined entry to get back in.

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
msn works. im in beirut so im like 2 hours ahead of u i think.

next wednesday im free. i know jdcompute wants next friday so next ill ask codebreaker and elchoco if either of em would like wednesday.

and pardy will go from there on setting a date or if u would like a specific date in the future then thats fine too.

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
I'm still working on identifying the perfect set-up I guess.  Glad to see you're making $$!  Would you guys take the trade off the 30m?

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
And this setup off the 1hr..

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
...then it's probably not an A-Trade. I know Melpheos was into squeezing every pip out of more marginal trades, but for me it just didn't translate into end-of-the-week profits. Also it increased the stress factor.

Almost every one of boxinglife's screen shots look like the one i'm going to post. Believe me, I'm all for getting profits (that's why we're here right??), but, as another poster said to me, if the signal's not clear then don't take the risk.

I just look for this set-up everytime. Anything else I just let go.

If there's any substantial move in the market, chances are it'll show up as this pattern on ONE of the time frames.

BTW, I'm using MACDOug's "trend-line" entry method.  This really helped give me a definite entry for the sexy stoch system.  Before, I never knew when to enter.  Trend line break with a good reversal on the stoch's on the next lower time frame and I'm in.

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
Yeah, you're right. I guess I feel the need to trade all the time so I'm trying to make the trades happen instead of letting them come to me.

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
What pair/trade are you focusing on for this morning?

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
Hi BoxingLife, ElChoco and JD,

A little background, so you know better where I am coming from...

I am principally a mathematician and physicist and so have spent 20 years working with MatLab - the industry standard maths modelling and graphics package. I have long had an interest in digital filters for the markets and have used these to trade futures in the past. But I am brand new to FX. I have my own thread Optimised Trend Trading if you want to see some of the stuff we have done there.

Although I have developed some excellent filters, there was always a missing piece of the jigsaw. The critical information is WHEN/WHEN NOT to trade. The stochs theory I have learned here has just about filled that gap and I am grateful for the generosity and enthusiasm of the good folk on this thread.

I am currently doing some quite advanced modelling of the stochs theory in MatLab, especially looking at frequency and phase responses to optimise the lag times. When Boxing first put up his theory, we were using (50,10,20) and (20,10,0) and (5,3,3) and plotting %K.

Then Melpheos modified this to use (50,2,10) and (20,2,10) and (4,2,2) and plotting %D. This gave an extra bars advance.

I am trying to get a decent analytic theory of how plotting different stochs on one timeframe corresponds to plotting the same stochs on different timeframes. This, I think, is the key to optimising the system but it is not easy because the stoch is a non-linear filter and requires some heavy math. I hope to report results in due course for the benefit of all.

Please can you help me fill in a few gaps here. I have only been with this thread a week (and have only had MetaTrader for 9 days). I am currently learning about the FX markets and learning MT4 and its MQ language at the same time.

I have read:

(a) BoxingLife's original "Sexy Stochastics" PDF

(b) Melpheos' STOCHV PDF

(c) Spud's Elevator 2 Pips PDF

(d) Spud's Stochastic Thread Theory PDF

(e) Quite a bit of this thread.

But I am most interested in some of the trades posted by ElChoco and JD. I am not taking (or even recognising) these trade signals, so clearly I have only part of the story. I started by using 4 different timeframe charts as suggested by Spud with the same stochastic on each (5,3,3) I think it was. Then I moved on to the BoxingLife system which I found much better. Now I have set Melpheos' settings and this seems better still. I am using Boxing's trade rules and have looked at the source code of Melpheos' V Indicator so see his rules in detail.

Please could you advise me if I have missed any of the critical reading material? Even better still, has anyone produced a synthesis summary of the various trading rules to date, so I can check my understanding?

Many thanks

CB.

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
A few weeks ago I was in a right mess with the trading, chasing every trade, seeing moves in other currencies too late, always changing between screens.  In short, an unsustainable methodology.

In an effort to make my life more pleasant, I now only ever look at EUR-USD.  I know there are moves on other currencies that I'm missing, but I can live with that.  Before, I missed the moves on EVERY currency because I was always hopping about.

Also, I only trade longer time frames. Ahhh, I can step out for a coffee without having a seizure on the way if they don't serve me quick enough.

As for today?  Well, I'll be watching NFP in a few minutes.  There's normally a sustained reaction, especially n EUR USD.  But, I'll only enter if I see a sexy-stoch entry pattern.  If not, then I'm on the sidelines as (IMHO) the RISK OF FAILURE IS TOO GREAT.

In fact, I'm probably not going to enter at all as I have a blind date with a morrocan/spanish professor of dance so will be leaving the office early....

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Longer tf's like the hourly instead of the 15m? I would love to trade the hourly but those drawdowns get me.

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
what are you refering to when you say the stochs are neutral

in what level will they be or what exactly will they be doing before you consider it neutral.

pls i wont mind the explation to go with chart.

thanks for your time of answering me.

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
Looks like you've got the main reading material covered there.

I'm not sure if there's a "definitive" method.  As far as I can tell a lot of people follow the rules as on page 1, others have fiddled with the settings to suit their own trading style.

You might want to check also a number of threads using MTF stochs:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=52125

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=50502

And others...

Happy stoch-ing!!

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Yes, there are draw downs on the 1Hour, but what (IMHO) it shows are much higher probability set-ups.  Even if you only get 50 pips out of the trade, the set-ups are more likely to move in your favour.

I still TP at the next major stop-point, even on the 1Hour.  As I said a few posts back, it often then retraces and then goes back in my favour without a good entry point.  How does anyone know whether to stay in???  That's the milion dollar question.

Right, i'm off for my blind date.

Cheeeeers.

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
pls help with a charrt so that i can really understand

then your stoch settings are different .is ther eany reason for this

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
elchoco,

when you say perfect set up. are you refering to or do you look at more than one time frames or when the et up is according to your stoch setting in a time frame .

pls do yoyu understand?

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
So Boxing, elchoco, would I be waiting for the 5 to turn back up on the 1hr to take this setup?

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Hmm seems like now as I type, the 4h is changing direction.  Elchoco, what's the most you've had to endure in drawdowns on the hourly?

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
how can i get the hama melpheos is referring to as thhe filter

thanks

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
FXGuy, click on the paperclip at the very top right of this thread window and that will bring you to a spot where you can download all of the indicators/templates/screenshots that have been posted here.

Boxing you need not thank us for keeping this thread alive. We are grateful to you for your contribution. As far as I am concerned, this thread will be alive and well for quite awhile.

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
Hi !

I´m in a trade (demo unfortunately) on gbp/usd taken from 15min chart!

Up 23 pips with absolutely NO drawdown! Price went the right direction from the start ! That´s how i like it

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Boxing, I have a question that I think is my main problem. If you could explain this to me, I would really appreciate it.  If the smaller timeframes define the trend of the larger timeframes, why do we have to consult the 4hr to see what it's doing? And why should I be trading with the trend of the 4hr if it's not in charge, so to speak?  I've been struggling with that concept for months now. It seems to me that the 4hr is the boss. I know I'm missing it somewhere.

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
Crap i missed this trade, i got a work call and when i looked back at the chart is was too late...

Anyway, it was NFP today so it's never a good idea to trade such day if your not a news trader.

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
Great job DanFX.  How long have you been trading Forex?

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Does the NFP affect all the currency pairs? I've never traded news and am still pretty new to trading forex. By the way, your ACS indicator and NoLagMA work really great.

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Well all together might be a year. But started just gambling without any idea of what i´m actually doing (everything demo as i said before). But this way i discovered the potential of trading FX. Seriously learning maybe 6 months or so. I´ve read many threads on FF but have been glued to sexy stoch and spud´s stuff. This seems to fit my personality. I´ve recently sent ID-copies to Oanda for my live-account so I will start within next 2 weeks.

Entry on the trade was really good but i messed up the exit. Surfin on the internet...when i looked back at it it was only up 8 pips and when i went out there was one single pip left. I could have seen that before on the 5min stoch. But as long as i didn´t let a winner become a loser it´s ok.

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
BTW.

Is there a possible entry forming on EUR/JPY 15min. ?

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
I would say yes, and I'm looking at one on the USD/CHF 30M.  I wonder if we'll get those before the market slows down like it normally does on Friday.

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
Well i think eur/jpy will work if it´s rejected by daily pivot @ 160.22

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Hmm interesting thought. I never use the Pivot lines but I may consider doing so now that you mention it.

As I'm writing looks like it's coming back down from the pivot line.  So now, my question is when do we short it? now or when it touches the 20?

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Yes i recommend you to do so! I´m not an expert on this but have just found out how good pivots are. Playing arround with them for a week maybe!

And you will often find price bouncin between pivot point and the Support/Resistance levels. Not always but very often!

I already am short from 160.16 but for me on demo it´s just fun!! Following the rules you would have to wait for the close of the candle.

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
Good call on that one. You were right. I'm just trying to get comfortable with knowing when to go short/long once it does something like this. I would imagine that it's when it hits the 20 according to the system we use.

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
What do you mean by "hit the 20" ? Do you mean the 5 stoch should hit the 20 stoch ? This would be new to me.

Edit: The only bad thing about that trade is, that price has to break 160.00 to bring us profit.

This might be a critical level

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
Yes, I meant the 5 to hit the 20. What do you mean about breaking 160.00?

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
I mean price must break 160.00 so go lower than that. many times it bounces arround when it hits round numbers like this. as far as i know 5 must not hit the 20. Only same direction.

Now candle is closed and it looks like a perfect setup

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
I'm in short @ 160.17.

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
Well, not much movement right now. Im -4 pips at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
jd

higher timeframes just show u the overall trend. its true the smaller tf's show are what makes up the higher timeframes but why trade against the general trend? u know what i mean?

if 4h is up and so is the 1h but are pullin back. in that case the 15 min will be down. so why try to catch a short off the 15 min for a few pips when u can wait for teh 15 min to turn around and catch the big pips upward

hope it makes sense

eurjpy is looking down

30 min is starting to look good as well as 15 min

but the time of day and week worry me

but even with that i think its a drop starting next week

but at the moment since the 4h is in an uptrend it worries me

guys watch it carefully this one is a tad bit iffy

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
boxing, I'm reading and re-reading your response to get it in my head. As for as being iffy..you're right. I'm -13.5 right now.

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
regarding pivots it´s a bad sign that the pivot  has been broken to the upside. 1hr stoch is turning up too. But i will let it run ´cause 4hr seems not done yet (have to say it again...DEMO). Daily 5stoch looks like turning down too so i´m not that worried.

May I ask the size of your position ? I would feel very bad if i would have done financial harm to anybody ....

Gotta go do some sport

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
boxing..thanks for that explanation. I think I finally got it!!

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
Oh no worries..I went in demo mode on this one too

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
well it dropped back to 14 so its alright for now

has a chance of bringin a dozen or so by tonight so hope u guys make em

im just watchin right now. actually im bored and have nothing to do lol so thats why im still watchin charts

edit: went back up a bit again. ok im not gonna keep doin this lol but i think it could work.

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
boxing, so we're looking for the 5 to go the same direction then. Not necessarily for it to touch the 20?

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
thats right

wait for the 5 to head back in the direction of the 20

or to cross its signal line or a trendline break

whatever u think will show u when the pullback is finished

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
It may help if I include the 5's signal line ..trendline break< never read up on that one.  I think my problem also is that I'm trying to make these trades happen. It's incredibly hard to sit and wait for the setup to come to me.

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
yea i personally would not have taken this trade yet unless i see the 5 crossing down or some indication of a move down. im short eurjpy but for other reasons thats why i expect it to drop sooner or later.

jd start ur weekend

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Hey, we took this trade only because the 5 was pointing down. The 20 wasn't but the 5 was

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Hi!

Back again to see the trade in moderate profit. Not much but better than a loss  !

jd...Both 5 and 20 were pointing down !

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Alright everyone. Kudos to the system once again! Although these were both demo trades, using the system here are my results:

Short GBP/JPY = +32.6

Short EUR/JPY = +28

Now if I could only sit and wait just like that for trades to come to me all the time, I'd be awesome

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
You made a good call on that one Dan. I'm striving to get as proficient as you and as observant as boxing.  Hmm...gleaning from everyone on here I'll be the ultimate trading machine before too long..yeah right!

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
glad to see the trade brought some pips. proud of u guys

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
I am merely young Skywalker under your tutelage Master Yoda.  What I need to figure out is how you guys know what news to not trade around and things like that. I can't handle those sudden spikes up or down like I see on the USD/CHF, USD/JPY and other pairs.

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
When i came back i closed the position with a very small profit to see it going in the right direction afterwards  .

That still sometimes happens to me. maybe i should learn to keep calm and trust the stochs even more. I´m looking forward to see how things will go live when it´s about real profit or real loss. Might get a lot harder to stay relaxed

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
Hi ElChoco

In your modified method where you use stochs (20,10,12), (15,10,12) and (5,3,3) are you using HI-LO or CLOSE-CLOSE for the computation? Also, are you using SMA or SSMA for the slowing? I am just trying to reproduce your chart from an earlier post.

Thanks

CB

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
See, I have just the opposite issue. Mine is trusting the stochs enough to get into the trade. Once I'm in, I follow the NoLagMA and MA crosses to time my exit. Of course the stochs play a major role in this but if I see the 5 turning back, I won't necessarily exit the trade unless I see price consolidation, the 20 turning or consolidating, etc.

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
DANFX: Would seriously recommend trading live as soon as poss. Even losing $5 makes you sit up and pay attention in a way that demo trading never does. I can't tell you how much more quickly i began learning my lessons when I switched from demo to live. Guess I was just a very ill-disciplined demo trader...

Also, if you're getting out early, check the strength of the higher time frames. If it all looks good, it might give you more confidence to stay in!

JDCompute: patience is a virtue that I don't have. I therefore make sure I have something important to do instead of looking at the screen all day and have <gasp> relegated trading to secondary importance. Every 5 mins or so I check for a set up, if there's nothing brewing I get on with my work (or whatever). For me, sitting in front of the screen is a string of impulsive losses waiting to happen! I'm just turning the corner on all this....

Codebreaker: Low/High and Exponential. I don't use the %D because the %K seems to "get there quicker" !!

FXGuy: Perfect setup?

1: I'm looking for strong angle and (perhaps) even separation on the slower stochs...
2: ...as the (5,3,3) cuts right back towards or even through them as the price retraces.
3: All three stochs in the next HIGHER time frame are pointing in the right direction (or look as if they are will point in the right direction once the price stops retracing)
4: The (5,3,3) in the next LOWEST time frame is probably in the opposite O/B or O/S area and will be turning around. Also the price in this time frame will probably be hitting the Bollinger Band.All: I never got on with pivot lines, however 10EMA [Edit: did I say 10EMA??? I Meant 6 EMA] and 25EMA and Bollinger Bands on all time frames seems to give TOTALLY AWESOME support and resistance levels. It's an absolutely common occurence for price to halt at (for example) the 10 EMA on the daily chart = 25EMA on the 4Hour chart = Bollnger Band on the 1 Hour chart. When I see confluence like this, chances are the prices aint going anywhere for a while.

Also, chances are that prices WILL reach those lines, especially if there's agreement between multiple time frames. I'm still building my confidence on this one, but it's how I'd like to identify TP levels so I don't get out so quick.

PS: I just stepped out for few hours and you guys have written like 5 pages!!! Awesome.

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
Elchoco, thanks for that post. As long as you guys are interested in us going back and forth and learning from the guru himself (boxing), I'll do my best to keep this thread alive. If you think I'm posting now, just wait until I get finished being mentored by Boxing and really put this handgun down and pick up the "Uzi" and really start taking trades!!

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
Am I the only one using this on M5 timeframe?

By the way, last time I backtest this system it showed very humble results: around 40% Winning trades and lots of consecutive trades (+ 20). The numbers improved after adding an ADX filter but altough visually the system seems very good and I enjoy it very much, testing systematically it fails to delivery good returns.

Does anyone want to enumerate a set of rules to enter Long/Short so that we can test it?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
Lugopt,

I have no experience in backtesting really. I only demo trade strategies and indicators as I can. I will say this that I've spent hours testing strategies and this one consistently proves profitable for me even when going live. I actually try my best to stick with the rules. I can say that if you do, you will find yourself on the winning side of the trade at least 90% of the time.  I have completely decided to stick with this system and master it. I'm no longer going to jump from system to system looking for the holy grail. This is a great technique.

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
Hi Team

I concur with JD on his last post. I have spent a number of years (as an academic, not trading) looking at dozens of "systems" -- including many ultra-techincal DSP-based systems -- that try to capture market movement and have supervised many MSc projects in this area. While many show promise, almost none are consistent.

I have to say that this Stoch system is perhaps the first I have ever seen that shows consistent promise. Like JD, I have decided to focus exclusively on this one system and master it. In addition, I am tearing it apart mathematically to see what can optimised in back-testing and forward-trading.

No system can ever be perfect, but if JD's test results giving a roughly 90% win rate are correct, that is 1.65 standard deviations from the mean which in statistical terms is just stunning.

CB.

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
Would have to say that this system is still very discretional. Success or failure can be down to how confident the trader is in his position if the price goes against him for a bit.

Some of the best trades have come when i've set the thing going and then had to leave it running. It stops me fiddling, stops me thinking "I ought to take profit now because, look, it's retracing".

I think back testing this would be difficult unless entry and exit rules were made FAR more mechanical. Also, stochs change live. You can't look at a historic chart and think "Yep, I'd definitely have got in there". Depends whether you're a "wait for the candle to close" kind of person. I'm not.

I've looked at systems for over 4 years and refining sexy stochs is turning out to be the most reliable thing I have come across. Perhaps it's also the only one I've REALLY worked at to make it my own.

It's interesting how it ties in with other sytems, guessing the top and bottom is a fools game (or at least i feel like a fool when i try). I never know if we've hit the peak or not. A good Sexy stochs pattern just shows a strong move ALREADY UNDERWAY and then takes a retrace.

This is nothing more than the time-honoured "buy the dips" strategy, just it's so darn visual. You get a great heads-up when the 533 cuts back against the move, and handful of options on how to take the entry.

KUDOS TO US !! Go Team Sexy !!!

Right, goal for the day: Work out my projected earnings target for 2008 based on this system. I need something outrageous to aim for.

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
Ok, stochsters, here's a quick summary of my use of EMAs etc for defining turning points. This has increased the effectiveness of Sexy Stochs about 10000000% (approx). Hope it's of use to someone.

I add 6EMA, 20EMA and Bollinger band to every time frame.

Here's a series of pics of the action from yesterday on EUR-USD. What I'm looking for is price to hit either of these three indicators on multiple times at the same time!!!

First up is the WEEKLY chart (anyone using this???? haha) Price touches down on the 6EMA of the Weekly. At the same moment, price hits the 20EMA on the Daily chart, AND also touches the first BB of the 4 hour.

When I get confluence like that I can be pretty sure the price isn't going to break down further.

Lo and behold, the 4 hour gives a perfect Sexy Entry going long at exactly the same moment. MMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.

I know the weekly chart is not on everyone's watch list but the same process occurs on all time frames.  I just saw this one live on friday and thought it was cool.

Enjoy

[BTW: Anyone know how to add text between multiple pictures?]

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
I want to take a look at it! What settings do you use for BolingerBands?

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
Settings are fairly standard (I think)

BB1 SD 2 Period 20

BB2 SD 2.5 Period 20

I use the BANDS indicator so I can remove the central line from the chart.

The only reason I have two Bollinger Bands is that I played for a while with trying to enter contrarian trades on the 1 minute chart on exhastion spikes. I had about 5 bollinger Bands from 2.0 to 4.0. What a disaster.

I still keep the second one though as the separation of the bands do tell me something. (Although I don't know consciously what that is anymore. Momentum??) It would probably be fine with just one.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
here is a multi time frame example of eurjpy

first of all check out the 4h chart. the gray highlighted area is where the 20 crossed its signal line upward and at the same time the 5 was already above 80. this indicates a strong uptrend.

next we look at the 1h and we see that the 20 is above 80 and the 5 pulled back and touched the 20 line. this is a perfect buy signal on the 1h which is also in sync with the 4h chart makes this trade high probability. no need to hesistate here. we see 4h 20 moving up the 5 above 80 right away we think uptrend then the 1h 20 is above 80 we also think uptrend we just wait for the 5 to cross upward and bam 100+ in a couple of hours.

next

the 4h 20 is above 80 and the 5 is pulling back (blue area). since this means uptrend, we wait for the 1h to tell us when to get in.

so the 4h is looking good.

next we look at the 1h. we see the 20 on the 1h trending down. this trend down is nothing but a pullback of the 5 stoch on the 4h. just like they say a pullback on the daily is a trend change on the lower timeframes. think of it that way.

so we wait for teh 20 to turn back up and we enter on the first signal we get off the 1h which is the area i highlighted in blue

take the time to digest this. it makes pips. trust me

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Everyone must be on different timezones. I go to sleep and wake up and you guys are posting! Good to see you all up now   Right now as I type this, it's 9:41AM CST on Saturday morning. Boxing's last post shows up as 9:03AM Saturday morning.  Where is everyone at geographically?

Boxing!!! Excellent!! This is exactly what I've been waiting to get from you.  A step by step approach on how it's done by the man himself!  Awesome. I will spend a considerable amount of time digesting this post!

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
I´m in Germany which is GMT +2 now during the summer. So now its 17:34 here.

When i get up you go to bed  .

For me would be easy to trade at london open if i didn´t have a dayjob.

I think this a very good trading time.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
After reading that post from Boxing and going back through my charts for the week looking at different tf's, it's all becoming so crystal clear now. Once again, excellent post.

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
boxin,

Could you confirm your entries on your pic? I don't understand what your saying here.

Trade 1 - Grey AreaCross overs and 533 overbought on 4Hr indicate uptrend. 533 on 1 hour drops to O/S, so enter on the upturn. Trade 2 - Blue AreaPullback of 533 on 4 Hr, other stochs overbought. Pullback of 533 on 1Hr, so enter on upturn Neither of these seem to offer good entries. I must be seeing it wrong.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
I edited the picture to show where the 5 turned up and gave the buy signal. The 20 was already above 80. We were just waiting on confirmation from the 5 stoch.

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
and here for second signal.  Heh! After the blue area, there was one more buy signal and then a sell signal after the trend changed. This is on the 1hr chart.  It's crazy how incredibly visual this system is. Really, all we need is patience to make the pips using this thing. If we can just sit on our hands until the setup says "here I am", can you imagine how successful we'd  be? Talk about trading being 30% system and 70% discipline. My main hang up is to feel like I have to always have a trade going and if I don't then I'm not a proficient trader.

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
You mean the (5,3,3) touched the (20,10,20) stochastic??  Or that it dropped to touch the 20% level on the stoch screen???

It's clear that there's often a huge amount of price movement when the stochs fool about together in the Over-bought or Over-sold zones.  It's just really hard to trade them live.  Firstly because I can't really see what they're doing and they turn around real quick and secondly because they can quite easily also signal a reversal.  I've been burned sooooo many times in this zone.  I've relegated this kind of move to the "your trading capital is in danger - do not enter" category.

The two moves you highlight seem to end up in price consolidation.  Sure they move afterwards, but IMHO I think the probabilities for these trades are less favourable than other sexy stoch entries.

I still think I'm misunderstanding where boxin is entering these two trades.  I'll take another look at the "bunching" pattern.  Moonchild mentioned them early on in this thread, and I've watched a million of them reverse (as he expected).  However I'm guess I'm happy not to try and pick the reversals and but to load up on what I consider to be higher probability retracements of existing trends

I'm totally with you 100% about the need for patience.  The less I trade the more profitable my bottom line.  So many people on this forum say the same thing.  Trading is actually really boring.  That's why I need something else to do insted of looking at the screen all the time. Haha, the week I had free from work and did nothing but trade I lost a fortune.  Just couldn't resist the temptation of entering crap trades.

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
Ahh my bad on that last post. I see that boxing was talking about the bottom 20stoch line showing that the 5 went all the way to oversold and was now on its way up. So we would've gone long then. I guess my line was just another buy signal...would've been good for at least 20+ pips looks like though

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
Here's some other entries on the same chart. I guess this is what I'm used to seeing.

There are some other sharp moves that did not give signals as far I understand them. Perhaps they would have shown up on different time frames. Or there again, perhaps they were just ones to watch go by...

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
Hmmm....

I'm with ElChoco on this one! I DON'T like the trades where the MED/SLOW stochs are in the OB/OS zones. Far to risky. Like ElChoco, my rule is:

- if the MED/SLOW stochs are trending firmly UP between the 20/80 lines then BUY on the DIPS of the FAST,

- if the MED/SLOW stochs are trending firmly DOWN between the 20/80 then SELL on the PEAKS of the FAST.

OK, there are not so many opportunities but it seems safer to me. And you're all correct in one thing -- sitting looking at the chart waiting for that rare(ish) setup is SOOOO hard!

CB.

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
Oho! The missus has gone away for the w/e to visit her parents so giving me scary amounts of time to devote to the MAIN TASK! I have had MT4 over a week now and a few solid evenings coding and I have just about cracked the MQ language. I can write indicators, templates, EA's etc no problem. (Luckily the whole thing works like C++ so it's easy).

I have tried to build a few rules into an indicator/EA. I am trying to avoid watching the charts all day!! I just want the PC to go "ping" when I need to do something.

The attached chart is my very first attempt at capturing the simplest rules we have discussed in this thread in a few lines of custom code. LOOOOONG way to go yet but looks kinda OK for Version 0.00001.

CB.

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
red dots = short entries, blue dots = long entries ????

Could you post the rules you've decided on?

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
Sure - the red DOWN arrows mean SELL and the blue UP arrows are BUY. Can't get much simpler than that!

The rule in the EA is just what we have all discussed : When the MED/SLOW stochs are UP buy on dips of the FAST. When the MED/SLOW are DOWN, sell on rallies in the FAST. That's the only rule I properly understand.

My problem is that Boxing, Melpheos and JD post charts with trades all over the place that I can't tie up with any hard-and-fast rules. If I understood the rules, coding them is a snap.

CB.

BTW, I am in the UK timezone (in sunny Yorkshire, near Wuthering Heights just outside Thornton Village where the Bronte's were born).

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
Here's the same chart as the last one but with Rule (2) added (my best understanding - which isn't saying much - of one of Melpheos' variants). It is interesting to note that often the Rule (1) / Rule (2) trades co-incide but sometimes Rule (2) captures an opportunity Rule (1) misses. This is probably why Melpheos is bagging pips like a demon!

Honestly, guys, if we can just decide what the rules are, writing an indicator/EA to do all the hard work us is 20 minutes work tops.

CB.

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
Codebreaker, so you're a C programmer eh? I'm VB.Net, Perl, ASP but no C or C++. I'm trying to find the time to sit there and figure the MQ4 language out but don't have enough time to devote to it yet. Thanks for getting involved.  I understand what you're saying about the hard and fast rules. The problem for me is that I'm still trying to nail the rules down in my head and then of course there are varying times when an opportunity presents itself that is not part of the rules. I'm sure we'll work thru it all though.

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
The reason I asked for your rules is that I couldn't see a single EA entry on your chart where I would have got in!!

Can I clarify what you mean here? Let's consider just a long trade. When you say "buy on dips of the fast" do you mean "buy when the fast stoch dips down"? This would tie in more with the arrows on your chart.

My understanding is that the dipping down of the fast stoch just gives a "heads-up" if your trading live and then we enter when the fast stoch turns around and rejoins the direction of the slower stochs.

Therefore, don't go long as the fast stoch dips down but wait until it starts going back up again. I think that would give you a whole different set of signals.

The stochs are just reflecting a retrace of an existing trend. EG, there's a strong move north, price cuts back a little bit, and you jump in long (at a cheaper price) when price returns in the original direction.

I've put some arrows on your chart showing sexy stoch entries that I might have considered. To be honest neither of them are particularly great in hindsight. I would hope that some of the other big price moves that we see on your chart would have shown up on other time frames.

This is only the way that I use Sexy stochs, others may have different ideas. Boxing's last post had me totally confused so I'm still on this.

Also, you might want to consider whether you want the EA to trade the asian session (depending on the currency). You'd probably get loads of silly little entries that eat away at your profits.

Hope your enjoying your free weekend, it's been a long time since I was in Yorkshire.  I must say that I had the best lemon pie of my entire life in a pub somewhere in the Dales. Now based in Barcelona.

Happy code-ing.

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
OK - after 1800 and something posts we seem to be getting to the crux of this matter. The Team comprise of half a dozen (obviously) very bright guys with international positions in IT, Universities, etc. If we can each look at a simple chart with 3 wavy lines are all interpret that chart in totally different ways, then we have a problem of philosophy.

There is little point in fiddling about optimising stochastic settings, entry and exit points etc until we all agree how the system works!

I think the entry points on my chart for Rule (1) trades are clear. [Rule (2) I am not so sure about as I don't understand it - we need Melpheos to clarify]. When the MED/FAST stochs are heading say NORTH and there is a DIP in the FAST stoch, you BUY. Note that in order to know when the dip has finished and the FAST stoch is heading north again with the others you have to wait until the "V" bottom has fully formed. That is why my signals are LATE compared to the V bottom. But they are still quite good on SOME pairs in SOME timeframes. Same but opposite goes for SHORTS.

But can we please all try to list our understanding of the RULES so we can get a concensus on this. To avoid the ambiguity of language, perhaps the best way is pseudocode, eg:

IF (SLOWstoch heading SOUTH) &&

(MEDstoch heading SOUTH) &&

(FASTstoch < MEDstoch) &&

etc, etc

THEN (SELLsignal = true)

Just take a look at the source code of Melpheos' StochV indicator to see how this is done. Once you have the MT4 basic indicator template, coding the rules is trivially simple and it is obvious (even to a non-coder) what his rules are. Problem is, there are so many of them and some don't seem to work - as Melpheos is the first to admit (Ref. Post 1678)!

Thanks,

CB.

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
As i said in a previous post a few days ago, I think it's going to be hard to get firm rules on this. There's  MTF to consider and Divergence and bits and bobs of Price Action and Support and Resistance.  No idea how you'd go about coding these relationships.

BUT, that doesn't mean that that more complex decision processes haven't been modelled.  I'll have to sit and think it all through for you.

Will respond more fully later, off to have lunch on the beach.

Looking forward to your next chart!!

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Right, Guys, here is my final chart of the same chunk of data as the last 2 charts I posted.

I have only 3 rules (obviously marked 1, 2, and 3 on the chart attached):

Rule 1 -- highest likelihood of success

Rule 2 -- next highest likelihood of success

Rule 1 & Rule 2 together -- GO FOR IT!!

Rule 3 - rather speculative if feeling brave.

If anyone has any other rules, I want to hear from you! Otherwise, I am going to try my shiny new ODL Demo account that MT kindly opened (automatically) for me first thing Monday morning. Time to road-test this baby!

CB.

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
For the life of me I still can't see how most of your EA entries relate in any way to the rules you've set  .  I must be totally missing the point.

I guess the important thing is:  Is it profitable???????!!!!!!  Guess we´ll find out on Monday !

Speak soon.

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
Codebreaker, those Rule 1 && 2 entries together are right on the money! But as Elchoco says, I can't see how your EA picks those either with regard to the rules you've set.  Pretty smooth though, I must say  I'm dying to find out how it works on Monday.

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
Great Start, Codeworker. Wish I could program!

1. I hope Boxing can help in enumerating the rules.

2. From my understanding, there wre are two core ways you can play this strategy. This is within the timeframe, and the secon is with reference to other timeframes.

1. Within the timeframe - lets say we were on M15.

a. The first step would be to consider the position of the 20 and 50 stoch. If 20 and 50 are in overbought zone, i.e., 80+, there is a chance of the uptrend continuing. When the 5 dips down, and then crosses up through its signal line, buy. Therefore, IF 20 and 50 > 80, and %k>%d (if thats the correct terminology for the main/signal line) and %k between 0 and 30 (( this to say that it is not crossing or moving up midway but from the lowest dip)) then BUY. You'll find that when the 5 crosses up from below 20, that is a stronger move.

b. When 20 is above 50 and main line is aboce the signal line ( indicating the two stochs movig up), then the 5 dips down and then crosses up through its signal line, BUY ( per example of 5 above).

Reverse for SELL.

2. MTF. A bit more complex, I think. I'm still studying the charts to determine when to take trades based on trend and countertrend, using higher timeframes for trnd and lower ones for entry. I don't think thinkcountertrends should be ignored, since apart from the pips, these could be signalling reversals.

But, thanks for taking the initiative - I'm sure Boxing/Melpheos and others will help out as well!

Regards

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
CB, you spoke too soon! I'm in Durham and its sowing quite heavy here. BTW I have lived in Doncaster some time ago. Went to Grassington in the Dales once - beautiful.

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Thanks a great deal. This Wednesday is difficult for me - prior appointment, but can do Th/Friday if that is possible. Failing that Mon next week. Look forward to understanding how to use the multi - tf's

Regards

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Boxingislife described the rule in the first post and in the following posts with screenshots.

The other rules are really experience only. Sometime i can trade without even looking at the stoch just by looking the price action

But for countertrend, i must say i've never been lucky (success rate of 3 to 10 => 70% failure ) and never been able to formalise any clear rules for them...

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
Hi Melpheos,

It is precisely to capture what works/doesn't work from your experience that helps in enumerating or re-enumerating the rules.

Where counter-trends are concerned, what I had in mind was say a pullback on H4 might last an hour (eg. short in an overall long trend). This would show as a short trend in H1, and could be capitalised on in say M30/M15 charts.

I'm still learning, of course, and bow to your superior knowledge andexperience. Just going thru the entire thread in a lot more detail.

Thanks for sharing your experience. Many many pips to you.

Regards

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Hi CodeBreaker.

Can you post the rules you used to program your EA? I would want to test them on TradeStation because it's much more precise than MT4.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
pls personally, i want you yo educate me the more on your setting and hw to go about it thanks.it looks a bit different, though i know it s the same concept

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Alright guys..market's back open and I'm on the prowl for a sexy setup. First up is the GBP/USD pair.  Here is the 4hr chart right now.  I'm waiting on the 5 stoch to turn up. The hourly is looking pretty good but I'm holding off on that until I get the 5 turning up on the 4hr.

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
I couldn't help taking a short signal off the 15m while I was waiting on the 4hr to turn around. I'm up 20+ at the moment. Perfect sexy setup by the way.

Edit as I'm typing, I'm up +21.5

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Looks like the 15m is done but the 1hr still has a little juice left. I'm out at 31+ pips!!  I'll wait for the 4hr to do what it has to do and then I may play that one or hold for the USD/CHF later.  It's 2:13AM here so I'm going crash for a few hours.  Be back afterwhile.

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Am currently ignoring all signals except Rule (1) AND (2) entry for safety. Only got 1 signal so far on EURGBP M15 but it was quite nice for 15 pips.

CB.

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
I have been trade about 2.5 years. About 1 year ago I found and read this thread. And me and my team back test this system.. Now my team have a good profit in fx.. One of my student (a oldman) deposit at Marketiva $200.. in 2 month it became $1200.. thx 2 ur system.. Last week he withdraw $700..

My other student deposit $100 .. and in one month it became $220 .. and my another student deposit $500 and in one month became $1000..

Thanx for ur best system my friend..

-Madito Mecha-

Indonesian Trader

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
I'm not sure if there's news or whatever going on but I just took a loss on the USD/JPY for -20pips.  I went in on a 1hr setup but price keeps ranging. I'm out and going hunt for another pair.  Madito, I'm glad it's working for you!! keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
GBP/JPY looks promising on 4Hr. One of my very last demo-trades

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
I want everyone to know though that it was prob an error on my part. The 20stoch on the 4hr was oversold with the 5stoch turning around. I went long anyway on a signal from the 1hr. I should've waited for a better setup. Oh well, lesson learned.

Dan, promising for a short, correct? Is that what ur waiting on?

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Yap ! Short obviously. i´ve already entered and was up 18 pips but back to breakeven right now. I think i will try to ride the 4hr down if it doesnt turn arround too fast. It´s just demo but past 4hr setups almost all look very good .

I have sent funds to oanda today. Hopefully they will credit my account by wednesday. I´m a bit excited

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
Yep, this thing works if you follow the rules..which I didn't earlier   by the way, it's right back up where it was when I bought in so I could've broken even by now maybe even made a pip or two. Why did I bail, I don't know.

I'm actually waiting on the 1hr USD/CHF to line up with the 4hr for a short setup.

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Hmm..what would you do?

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Boxing are you scoping out any trades?

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
I would have taken the trade. Not necessarily because of the 15min (20 ready to come up) but the H4 looks good !  And as far as i can see it wouldn´t be a loss. I still have gbp/jpy open still bouncin arround +8. not much movement.

For taking trades i guess it´s always good to enter at a signal from a lower timeframe. So if I see a signal on H1 in agreement with H4 i would enter when the 5 stoch crosses on the 15min or maybe even 5min. I think that way you have a lower probability of facing a drawdown before the trade takes off in the right direction.

I hope that makes sense to you! I can´t express this any better ´cause english is not my mother tongue.

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
here is a question. Do we trade with the direction of the daily right here when the others line up?

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
Finally some movement! My gbp/jpy trade is now at +50 after 5 hrs.

@jd. I don´t realy feel authorized to answer your question but in my opinion a downward consolidation on the daily (5 going down) is enough confirmation to take short trades in lower timeframes.

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
+50?? alright..now tell me how you decided to take that trade and to hold it. I guess I know why you took it but why did you stay in it for so long? were you on the hourly, 4hr, 30m? Good job!  Sexy setup?

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
Saw the signal on 4hr. all the other timeframes were a little conflicting but daily going down. went up +20 then back to -7 but never exceeded -7 so again, NO Drawdown on that one and as long as the 4hr is falling im staying in.

Don´t know how to deal with this up´n´down when trading live but works fine so far on demo.

+60 now. Maybe I will think of an exit when price gets near 203.00... depends on how it will react then.

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
Exit with only 25 pips profit ´cause market going against me rapidly.

In the meantime I was up 72  pips and los 47 of them  . But still a profit.

There are many lessons to be learned. One might be "protect what you made".

But that´s not easy because you have to let it breathe so you have to accept the market going against you a bit. But where to stop ?

The other lesson maybe is "patience is rewarded" and "greed is punished".

I could have taken partitial profit when I was up 50 or 70 pips but i was sure price would go lower  . I´ve had better trades on 15min. But H4 is still a valid signal and might go back down again.

Most comfortable way to make pips will be only look for A+ trades as boxing told us in the very first post ! But even non-perfect setups give us profit which is fine

So for today I´m done !

Good night!

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
It's absolutely normal to have up and down on this pair (specificaly on GY and GU ).

The idea on this pair is to take some profit from time to time if you can afford to take lots bigger than 0.1

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
Man, that pair is a mover! Too fast for my nerves  I'm sticking with Eur/Usd, USD/JPY, EUR/JPY...just those three although I'd like to expand. Right now I'm going to focus on mastering this system using these three pairs.

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
Melpheos how has your trading been lately? doing good I hope.

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
What a boring day! First "live" day with the new baby and all I got was one miserable entry for +15 pips! Lessons learned:

- Rule (1) & (2) is an almost sure-fire thing, but the opportunities are as rare as rocking-horse shit.

- My rules work best in H1 and H4 timeframes. M30, M15 and M5 are not much use. Problem is trading is SO BORING!!! I don't want to open an H4 trade and wait 5 candles (ie 20 hours) to bag my pips!! If I can't get an EA working to do this for me, then my real life is going to have to take precidence!!

But well done to Dan and JD who captured mucho pips :-))

CB.

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
Code breaker - I think you are on to something and I would urge you to rethink. If you are trading for excitement/entertainment, be prepared to pay for it. If you kept doing what you are doing and got  15 pips everyday you would outperform most traders.  I would wait for your rocking horse and trade only that if I were you. Winning trading is the act of applying discipline and is therefore very boring. In the trading world, boring is good. Try setting up some alerts so you dont have to watch every minute of the day and go do some exciting things in between your set ups. Or  scalp on the 5 minute chart for excitment using 10% of the trade size you use on your rocking horse shit

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
Doug

Very much appreciate the comments from an (obviously) seasoned trader! I am aware of the "trading for entertainment" problem and WILL try to be a good boy and avoid it!!

Have just bunged in some code into my indicator/EA to send me an SMS text message to my phone when there is a "heads up" situation. That should, at the very least, allow me to lead a semi-normal life between bouts of fainting excitement.

CB.

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
Codebreaker, so what is your plan now? By the way, I guess I missed a post but what exactly are rules 1 and 2?

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
Hi Madito.

Can you post the results of backtesting this system? I did some backtests on this system but I couldn't get more than 35% of Winning Trades and no more than 45% if I add an ADX filter.

I tested other systems and I got more than 60% of winning trades. Although this system seems visually to work it fails constantly on my backtests.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
I'm with ya on giving precedence to real life!  I definitely need something else to keep the mind occupied while i'm trading.  Don't give up though, steady hunting with a sniper rifle is the way to go .  However...

jdcompute:  ... I was trying to wean myself off the 5 minute chart and here I am again trying to get sexy stochs to work out on a slightly smaller time frame.   Perhaps hunting with a sniper rifle for smaller prey.  Good on you guys for keeping me thinking.

Go Team Sexy!!

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
Guys, I think I have a decent understanding of the entry signal. (Well as good as I can after being exposed to this thread for 24 hours) I am currently back-testing data with the old F12 key and I came across this trade and I am curious to learn how you would have handled it.

[IMG]file:///C:/DOCUME%7E1/RUSSKI%7E1/LOCALS%7E1/Temp/moz-screenshot.jpg[/IMG]

Here is how I viewed this chart. I will attempt to talk through this and give my thoughts here and please feel free to explain how you would have handled this with all your experience.

First off we were in an uptrend approaching the trend line that defined the previous uptrend's bottom. This is the HOUR chart by the way. The fast stoch ticked up after the good size up candle was drawn and consequently gave a (1) signal to buy which kind of surprises me because I would have expected to see a (2) because the 20/50 in over bought territory but whatever, doesn't matter. So first off I placed my stop below the last resistance point. The key here will be will the pair be able to break the TL up or not. Its first attempt would have given a good 10 pips profit so perhaps a portion of the trade could have been taken here but the candle was unable to break though and falls back to a level that now puts us in the red. For the next 3 hours the FAST STOCH reloads for another attempt at this TL. The question is, would it be wise to cut losses and get out and wait for the second signal for another run at it or is it wise to set in this thing and just wait it out?

Had I taken the loss and set out I would have missed the next green candle that was made that creates the FAST STOCH signal to trade on. No sooner does that signal come and there is a full retracement of that candle before there is a final move up and through the trend line. I would very much like to hear how you would handle this trade live with stops/limits/re-entry/etc. Or perhaps you will tell me that with that trend line being so close you would have never taken on this trade to begin with.

If you have any questions regarding of my description above for clarification please ask.

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
No need for much explanation here. Resistance broken, BB broken and sexystoch signal (not showing on this chart, i removed them for clarity )

First TP taken for a nice 150 pips, and i still have 150 pips on the residual order.

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
Nice One Melpheos!

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
It's a bit difficult to see the detail in your chart, but I''ll have a crack at answering your question. I take it we're talking about the trade on the red vertical line?

First up, without looking at other time frames for confirmation, I rarely take trades when the slower stochs are in the "zones of confusion" at the top and bottom of the chart. I've just been burned there too many times.

Also, looking at the chart historicaly, the blue line is already flattening off into a "plateau of doom". Seems the upward energy had already begun to dissipate. Two reasons, then, for me not to consider an entry, although some do. See boxin's last chart.  (Also, quite common to see a spike before a retrace - that might be the last "trade opportunity" you mentioned)

Looking at the same time span on another time frame, you'd probably find a much stronger looking signal. I'd hunt around a bit until you see something that looks 100% likely to be a winner.

Incidentaly, did you take the trade i highlight with the arrow??? Probably the strongest sexy-stoch entry of the move. (It's real easy with hind-sight of course)

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
elchoco, thanks for the answer. did i take the trade you mentioned, no. this was just me using the F12 key and studying.

But I do have a question regarding the trade that you pointed out. Would you want to take that trade when the red and blue are in the -20 area? I thought you only wanted to trade INTO those never away from them.

Typically when I am F12ing my way along I find that every entry that I would consider is indeed recognized with a number 1 or 2 by the EA on the next candle so that makes me feel that I at least know the rules.

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
Hi Team

I am afraid the inability to code the entry (to say nothing of exit) rules almost drove me mad, so I decided to simplify the whole thing. Attached is a chart of my new indicator. Believe it or not, this IS a stochastic. It has just had some very fancy statistical transformations applied. I call it my "peak hunter". Seems to work on all TF from 5M to 1H, so suits my extreme lack of patience.

The "flawless" trade is like 1 or 6 with the real nice smooth line joining the entry and exit. Trades like 2 are a bit more of a rough ride. Entries 3 and 4 were quickly abandoned at stop for tiny loss.

Trade 6 I took today as I couldn't sleep with thinking about this darned business! Bagged 150 pips. This is more like it!! I am told that I should be happy with 10 to 15 pips a day, but something tells me that we can do better.

Backtesting (F12) indicates successful opportunities 3 days out of 5, so not too bad. And very easy to automate the pinger alert and SMS txt message!

CB.

Please don't ask for details -- this is a work in progress and I see no point in discussing stuff until I am sure it works.

Edit - BTW, this is the GBPUSD M30 for the last few days.

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
Melpheos, 150pips is just unbelievable! I'm more than impressed.  One day I'll be like you and Boxing. Great job and truly an inspiration to me and I'm sure others that are trying to get a handle on this method.

Codebreaker if you want me to assist in test driving this indicator, I'm game..send it over.

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
Hello all,

Just a quick survey on what people's risk to reward is on this. I realised yesterday that it's rare for me to return more than 1% per trade, but that I regularly put 2.5% at risk.

Hence my risk:reward is going to be 1/2.5=0.4 at the most.

So, I'd have to have a win rate of at least three trades in four to be in profit, if i let every trade go to stop loss.

Either i'm taking profit too early (very likely), or i'm taking trades that have good set-ups but low profit potential (need to work on that one).

I haven't taken a loss for a while, but I still woke up in the middle of the night shouting "Expectancy!!!!"

Just wondered how other people feel about this.

Hey codebreaker, love the new looking fantastic stochastic Peak-Hunter indicator. Bring it on!

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
I'm going long if the 5stoch goes up on candle close.

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
Hey guys,

I just wonder how you all setup our trades, i mean there are so many different settings and entry rules in here which doesnt fit in the original boxingislife strategy.

As i understand the 20 Line is the Trendline for Long positions, and you guys enter even if the fast 5 Stoch isnt i the oversold area. The same thing with the 50 Line and short positions.

Wouldnt it be better to wait for each trendline and look for OB/OS situations?

I would appreciate it if you could explain me exactly how you manage your entries and which one of them has the highest sucess rate.

Btw.: I made some visual backtests and saw that 30 Min and 1H Timeframes seems to work well with this Strategy.

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
sell at the circle and currently at green pips...

it really works...but the only problem is i don't know when i should close the trade...

any suggestion guys? melpheos said about the nonlagma...maybe some of you have other techniques?

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
I normally close out when the 5 stoch hits the 20-line of the indicator but that's just me. Good job by the way.

Hmm, no clear signals on the 4h and 1h charts on the pairs that I trade. I guess I'll be good and stay in a wait and see mode until I get some new direction on the 4hr charts..maybe catch a little pullback of the 1hr and ride that back down.

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
Would have been a shame to miss this one, wouldn't it ?

Partial profit taken @ 200.5 for 100+ pips and the rest of the order it @ +160 pips atm

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
melpheos, nice work! when you entered that how far back was your stop? it had to be pretty deep after that long wick and up candle wasn't it?

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
198.50 at first but i moved it pretty quickly to a much safer place 198.90 (on the BB middle band )

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
Well bad day for me  2nd day live and i´m in that GY trade from the wrong side

Took partitial loss already. Don´t know why i got in. Had some good profits before and now a nice floating loss of 290 € . Hopefuly I can make it back next weeks . But i guess i will !

Now trading live I will be far more picky after that loss. Only trade A+ setups. That´s what i MUST follow!

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
Can you take a screenshot of the trade you took ?

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
I have been spending time back testing with the F12 key and asking myself if I would take the trade. Would it be appropriate for me to post the ones that I would have taken that failed here and see what you think or is this thread not for that?

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
Well not too perfect if you look at the other TFs

I don´t really know why. I had a few small profits and I wanted more so i entered. I even entered again after market went 50 pips or so against me to get a better average! But now they´re both big loosers.

Just have to control myself to only enter reasonable trades.

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
DanFX, I am confused, when did you enter and what direction? Everything is pointing UP, did you enter down?

My biggest problem I am finding is that most of the runs have progressed so far along before the rules fit that I then don't know where to enter.

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
of course, go ahead...

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
I'm not sure, can you put a cross or some sign to show when you took the 1st trade exactly ?

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
thx a lot for the feedback. i do believe that i could/would have done that as well.

here is a big question that i can't figure out that i think you probably just know from perhaps experience. how do you know when the signal will work and break through resistance versus bounce back in your face? it seems that lots of people seem to post trades that work coming out of congestion but it seems like every time i do this it gets stuck and then i am immediately sitting in a negative trade wondering what to do. since stoch's lag, it seems that i will always be entering the trade at around the extreme of the resistance level, how do i manage this?

thx

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
I entered short . It looked like the fast stoch wanted to go town joining the 20 stoch again. But it didn´t obviously. Loosing is not really a problem as it is part of trading. But It´s not the best start for a live account  . I´ve been very successful on demo and it would be more than great if I only would make half the money live. So there´s a little awakening right know.

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
I entered at the red line about 15:30.

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
For the first question : i dont know if it will go my way or the other but i have an hedge and i know that most of the time it will continue on it's trend...

For the 2nd question : you can't expect to pick top and bottom with the stochastic (never been able to do so myself using the stochastic and very few times using bb ) I keep using s/r to be on a trade faster than what the stoch signal can show me. If price breaks thru a s/r and a signal is forming on the stoch i jump in.

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
That's what i though. But look the price closely, the price has broke thru the last resistance so it was the sign of a potential reversal hence keeping you out of this trade.

Then you did the classic error of trying to average when the stoch and the price was telling you to get out. Dont worry i made this error at the beginning as well

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
Good to hear that from one of our pros of the system .

Where was the resistance ? Which indicator used ? I use another chart with AutoPivot and on my chart price just went down after touching S2-Level  !

Tell me more about S/R from your point of view ? Any good indi?

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
No need for an indicator to draw s/r, use only your eyes

I have closed my residual order, tomorrow is friday and also i wont have time to monitor the market.

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Keep at it Dan, it'll get easier.  I had the same issue when I first went live with real money. I made decisions I couldn't account for later..having real $$ on the line makes a difference.

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
ok, so let me get this straight. melpheos, you took this trade because it had already barely broken resistance and the stochs were rolling up? so hypothetically, had it bounced off of the resistance line again would you have quickly bailed?

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
melpheos, are you saying that you never trade a full reversal? meaning, you will always wait for 1 higher low to form before buying or one lower high before selling?

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
friends...

how do we define this movement..

stoch

green  5,3,3,

blue is 20,10,20

red 50,10,20

the green is at ob level. the blue is moving downward. (as i'm writing this, it moves upward), and the red is at ob area. (i'm worry that the red stoch might move downward when the price looks like it is going north)

should i wait for the green stoch to move down and shoot up back? i'm confused and have to stay away until a real move oocur. any prediction on where the price might be heading to?

p/s: i think, the best thing to do when i'm confused is to stay away from the market, rite?

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
sorsurus,

Personally, I wouldn't have traded that one there because there's no real trend for me to go by. That's one of the moments when I'd just go find something else to do until the market finds some clear direction and the stochs show some clear trending signal.

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
it looks like there's no trend in the market rite now...have to stay out and wait for good entry...

hopefully, euro/london session will bring something...

besides, it's friday, profit taking day, everyone being very careful with their trade...anyway, i'll post any trade that i took and maybe we'll discuss ebaout it...

can see that this method brings good fortune for me...pray for everyone success too...

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
I don't why this system not worked 4 u guys. Maybe because I trade only at h1,h4,d1,w1.. and only trade on GU. I trade only GU cause, every pair have their own character. If you trade many pair, you will miss something. Maybe this system is not the best.. or not suit with your trading style, but if you backtest and trade with it in long time.. you will know what will happen in candle movement.

Sorry I cann't post my trading result, because I trade at Marketiva. They don't have trading report like MT4.

One thing.. my team only use this system, sometimes fibonaci, and the chart in my windows is TF h1,h4,d1, and w1.

I hope you all will find the best system that suite your trading style..

-Madito-

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
Anyone caught this ? I was at a customer office so i could not trade (anyway we are friday so it's never a good idea to trade on friday but you can have good surprises from time to time  )

Only TF that was conflicting was H1, H4 was so so i must admit but a break of the BB is always a good sign for a breakout.

If i had made this trade, i would have taken it @ 13:30 and not on the previous signal but this previous signal was valid.

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Hi ! I nearly took it.  was at work and entered short at 10:45 but trade was against me 20 pips and i had no time so i closed it . This would have been great. If I would have stayed in all loosing positions yesterday which cost me 290 € I could have exited with a win today. But that´s just IF  you never know that before.

Melpheos, why would you have taken the second signal at 13:30 and not the one before ??

I really want to understand how you make trading decisions.

eyeballing the GY charts of last days 4H signals seem to be quite reliable, but i couldn´t deal with the drawdown.

Live trading is definitely a lot diffrent from demo! On demo I would have stayed in yesterdays trades and wait for the 4H stoch to turn down.

But thats too dangerous for live trading i think.

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
Because if you look on the M30 chart, the price has not broken the previous resistance zone and i fact rebound on the start of the resistance zone.

Of course, you can say that price has broken the 201.24-201.34 resistance zone that would also be a valid argument and that why i said the 12:30 signal was valid as well but i prefer to take high reliability trades.

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
So you look for support/resistance levels on all timeframes ? And if price is near a S/R level on ANY tf you wait for price to brake it before you enter ?

Or do you just monitor those resistances on the shorter timeframes ?

Never took care of that...maybe I should

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Yes, i encourage you to have a look on the peak & valley of Kharvell : http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=62141

That's a good system system as well...

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
Ok had a quick look. But how can u use this S/R levels on all timeframes ?

There wouldn´t be many trades i think.

For my understanding it is looking for peaks and valleys in the TF your trading in. So if im looking for a trade on 15min chart i wouldn´t consider Those Peaks and Valleys from the one hour chart.

Am I getting something wrong here ?

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
I'm not using all TF resistances but when they are obvious i use them. You know everyone has to build his own system in fact.

I think Boxinislife uses only stochastic but i prefer to add peak/valley and resistance/support and a bit of BB but not trend lines.

Someone else will use trendline which also works.

You just have to feel at ease with your strategy. A friend of mine never succeeded with Stochastic (he even blew an account i think but as you can guess, MM was also a big part of the blow up ) but recover like crazy scalping with Kolachi and Linuxtroll.

I tried linuxtroll but i just cant feel this kind of price action and it requires a lot of screentime.

Some people succeed with moving average.

Dont hesitate to go back to demo and focus on your MM. Open an account the size of your real account and try to trade it like it was for real (using stops in function of your maximum risk/trade, limited size lot and limited number of pair - do not use GY, GU or GCHF, those pair are stressfull  )

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
Yes. And made a shitload.

CB.

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
I keep saying that I'm going to trade that pair one of these days but never get around to doing so. Seems like once you get to know that pair, it's pretty fun trading it.  Dan, I know what you mean about the drawdowns. The trick is to enter the high probability trades and then just trust your system.

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
This looks like a good start +30 atm

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
Hi, Melpheos

Could you give me an help, pls ?

Look at the chart I herejoin. I can't understand why it's quite different from the chart you just posted (the stochastic indicators). TIA

Best regards

BBF

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
I think you use the main line when i use the signal line with smooth.

Exited partially my trade @ +30 pips and the rest @ +10 ...

Could have been better with the break of the resistance zone of 198.43-198.63. Now the small down trend is broken...

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Hi, Melpheos

Thanks, you've been very kind. I changed the settings per your answer... It's better ... but not exavtly the same ???

Would you mind sending me your .tpl ? TIA

Best regards

BBF

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
If the trend is not down, it is up (or sideway but i'm speaking of the trend in the current situation)... Just follow the signals ^^ +130, no profit taken yet on this one.

And here is a partial template (just a simple one for screenshot purposes)

Edit : some profit taken @ +150

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Melpheos,

If you get a chance could you please post a picture of the chart at the EXACT time of entry along with what your stop was. Thanks and nice trade.

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
I allmost did that on the previous trade (taken @ 10:15, posted 10:30 )

The previous trade was taken @ 14:19 (my time GMT+1) if you need the timestamp

It was a bit early but successfully took the bottom (i remind you that i have a failure rate of 70% on this kind of trade )

BTW, compare my last trade with this trade http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1860

When you get to understand price action, you can sometime take trade before the market even know that it will continue the trend (and you can also sometime fail miserably :-/ )

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
so you did trade down before you traded up? i am pretty sure I would have gotten in on the first move DOWN at the very bottom and gotten stopped out. I am not sure how you got in that move down and made pips, if I wait for the signal I typically get killed. I guess I need more practice.

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
Hi, Melpheos

Thanks a lot.

You're the kindest !

Every thing is allright now.

Best regards

BBF

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
melpheos

pls do me this favour by explaining to me how you read and use that your setting of 422 201010 ... in takng trades

it seems i like it.

yhanks for your time

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
I´m a bit surprised. Since trading live every entry was a bad one .

This trade openend at 12:00 is now -40. all 4H signals before were great

What did i do wrong ?

Longer term stoch is narrowed, but maybe the 5 will make it´s way down.

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
Here are some screenshot i took for GY.

Everyone try to look at them and see the difference between the trade DanFX took (which looked good by the stoch but missing something very important )

Edit the picture and put circles around entries that you think would be ok according to the rules and i will tell you if it's right or wrong.

Edit : btw no trade for me today.

Edit2 : i forgot to say that DanFx trade could go right or wrong (more likely wrong than right  ) and in my case i would not have entered this trade. In any case, having -40pips on a H4 trade is not uncommon at all in particular on Yen pairs.

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
aaaah, yes, a pop quiz/test! Thx Melpheos, I will get right on this over my lunch break. Should I post my edits here or private message them so as to not influence anyone else?

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
maybe in PM and i will post the responses later this week ?

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
Hi all,

Pls see attached chart on GBPJPY.

Is this setup good to go SHORT ??

Pls advice.

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Just based on this setup it would be a short but you have to look on the other time frame to see where you are.

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
Melpheos, this seems to have worked just attaching it here. Let me know if you have any troubles viewing this.

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
you can post pictures on http://www.imagevenue.com/ and send me the links

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
melpheos, did you get a chance to review my trades yet?

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
Hi guys ,did not write here for a long time

i read ur post and realize many of u trade with small TF , i would like to show u nice example how important is to chech 2,3 BIGGER TimeFrames before entry !!!

Looks at pictures and see what u see on 4H :

it looks like nice SELL SETUP , strong down trend (blue and red sts)

and 4,2,2 will revers and did it.

1H looks nice too (did not attached)

BUT ... without checking how bigger TF (1 Day) looks we would have a big loss .

Now check 1D tf and see why it happened.

Mostly (not always) bigger tf is stronger and more probably.

In result it was at least 300 pips in long positions

and compare it with 4h setup u see.

So always conside 2,3 time frames before enter a trade

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
For some of the signal you marked and i have not corrected i would definitly have to look the other TF (on your file i just looked at the signal and the price action but in real life i would have remove even more signal)

Try to see why i have removed some good looking signals...

You are absolutely right

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
Hi Melpheos,

Somehow i cant open yr melpheos.doc attachement.

Is anyone facing the same problem?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
just tested, seems ok

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
Melpheos, thanks for the feedback. I totally see that my #1 trade on the second chart was just flat out WRONG and I have NO CLUE why I put that there. But for the others I have to say that I am not seeing it. I am guessing it has to do with the price action not lining up with the stochs but I don't see it. Let me run down through the 5 charts and quickly address the "X's" you made.

Chart 1: I don't see why the X here would be a bad trade as the 20 line is down and the red line is flat. Grant it the red line is on the wrong side of the blue line but other then that it looks nice. Perhaps it is the reason of the red being on the wrong side that you would avoid this trade although I doubt it since you didn't X out others that had the red line in an unideal spot. Waiting on the 50 line to be just right seems really slow so I was simply looking for it to be at least neutral in my decision.

Chart 2: First X was just a flat out horrible decision. I have no idea why I would trade down then the 20 was clearly going UP, my bad.

Chart 3: I see absolutely no reason not to take those trades. I sure wish I did see a reason but I don't. This believe this is probably the exact reason that I am not profitable so far. Please help me OB1! LOL

Chart 4: The only explanation that I have here where perhaps you would avoid it is that price action at this time has moved UP through a resistance point and thus could be in an uptrend and perhaps a different STOCH on a larger TF is the driver here and the current TF is being ignored.

Chart 5: Kind of at a loss here. Not sure why these were all bad. Please let me know so I can avoid these in the future.

Thanks a lot Melpheos. If you could explain why these are bad and why you would avoid these trades I think it would go a long way in helping me and everyone else out. I believe that perhaps there is a MORE to learn by studying signals that you would avoid that are NOT obvious versus looking at charts where you are taking trades. Avoiding the "GREY" trades IMO is the key to making money in this business.

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
Alright, after burning nearly 10 % of my act in just 2 weeks i will stop trading live and go back to demo until i get better. I feel there´s still too much to learn and it´s not a good idea learning on a life acct.

on demo everything was fine and i already understand why. The fact that losses won´t hurt made me more confident. I often had trades going negative more than 100 pips and waited for them to return. I just can´t do that live. Most bad trades i took would have come back again if i stayed in but i didn´t.

Another bad habit is closing a position at the slightest sign of reversal. I took a good GY today for example: long @ 201.64 and went out +30 after the first negative 15min. candle. A little while later it would have been +100 and +200 now.

I didn´t use stops or target in demotrading but did all discretionary. I have to practice more, until i get a feel for reasonable stops to implement proper MM. Also I need to find a way to keep me away from entering too early to minimize drawdown.

You see.... 2 steps back again and a long way to go. I´ll start learning all over again.

I will also try to look for good setups on bigger TFs. Maybe i´ll be more successful with the combination of daily/4H/1H.

@jd: How is your trading going ? I hope you are luckier than me

edit: Look at GY now. If i had only stayed in

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
We have all gone through this so don't feel odd or bad in any way. The important thing to do with a demo is to trade it ONLY how you are willing to trade live account. So for example lets say you would never trade a live trade with real cash if you can't set in front of the chart the entire time and watch it, well then don't trade the demo unless you can watch it the entire time.

For me I find that its best to trade a demo according to a written "mechanical" system so that you are reacting to a set of rules when the market moves and not a judgmental bias that you will surely feel as your account goes up and down. IMO, one should have a pre-game plan for every trade before they enter. Stuff like: how long do i want to stay in this trade if there is little to no movement? why am i making this trade and what has history taught me about how quickly i should be in the worlds money.

what I am getting at is when trading stochs you have to really be sensitive to time because if you enter on a stoch signal and there is little to no market reaction to the stoch indicators then be careful how long you stay in the trade because they stochs will roll over on you and go the other way. IMO, keep asking yourself after every new candle closes would i want to take this trade now? if you are not in the worlds money and the answer goes from a YES to a NO get out or seriously look for a price where to exit.

of course these are just my observations and i haven't made a single dime from the FOREX so take anything I say with that in mind.

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
I'll give you a hint : Fibs retracement

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
Hmmm, so looking back through these it looks like you knock them out for the following reasons in no particular order:

a) if price is stuck in trading range you will wait for a breakout and then a retracement back. it also appears that you are looking for more then 1 candle of consolidation.

b) if the retracement is more then the .386 or .50 of the last swing you pass?

I am kind of baffled actually as the trade you added seems similar to me to others that you have Xed out. Please explain if you would what you mean by fibo retracement or let me know if I am correct above. It seems to me that you like the breakout first (this is good because it gives better chance that price will actually move) and then you want a pull back to the .386 or somewhere before entering (this is also good as it seems to lower the chances that they next candle will go against you.

It seems that if you wait for price to pull back to the .386 to .500 of last swing and then stochs roll around for you, if prices doesn't move for you pretty quickly then it is smart to just get out.

Am I onto something here?

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
You are absolutly on the right way and the numbers you figured out for the fibs are the one i use. My maximum limit is a bit above .386, for .500 i would take a trade only if a spike entered the .500 but did not close very near or above/below (short/long).

Detail : you used fibs expansion and not fibs retracement so the real figures are .618 and .500

Another hint : waves  (yet i did not applied this one to your doc file i think). I prefer to take the first or second wave than the others even if i miss a very big move.

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
Hi !

Melpheos, just for training: Would you have taken this one on GY at the same time and price? This time i waited for price to break the previous high and right now it look like it worked +40 as i am writing

I´ve read through half thread of peaks and valleys and played with it a little but just visually and its looking good.

or would you have had any trick to get in the trade even earlier ? Of course i would enter earlier if only relying on the stoch cross but i think there is more to be considered if i want to keep away from losing trades.

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
Perfect trade ! I hate myself, i was playing Baldurs Gate and did not pay attention... I hope you kept the trade at least to 207.5.

You can see that price retraced to .382 and price spike to .50 so this is just perfect and this was the 1st pull back (or 2nd as this is pretty discretionnary)

Ah and for your question, i would have entered one candle before that is around 204.50 because price rebounded on the fibs .500

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
WOW!! What a move! To bad i went out at +50 pips ´cause i was at work.

Well as you see it´s always the demo-trades that run good.

I didn´t think there was such a huge potential on Friday.

According to P&V from the 1H i would still be in. Damn.

Now I need to look deeper into price action and Fibs.

Never really used them.

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
What do you mean by this? I am pretty sure I see the .50 spike you are talking about but what do you mean by .382 retracement? doesn't the retracement have to occur after you mark the top of the move? meaning, if the price retraces to the .50 by definition it would ALWAYS have had to retrace through the .386 to get to the .500. or are you referring to the touching of the .386 in its first pull back prior to marking the high? I am a bit confused here but trying to understand.

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Well, I was just asking myself how often will we find a situation like that ?

The last one was yesterday. Not as big as today but the same setup.

Are there more of those regulary ? Melpheos, is that the thing to look for ?

Price consolidating for a while without going no where, then the first break to determine direction and jump on the second one ?

Here´s a chart from yesterday!

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
Melpheos, I notice that on your charts that you post here you are using 20,10,10 and 50,10,10 but in your bundle you use 20,2,20 and 50,2,20. On page one Boxingislife uses 20,10,20 and 50,10,20. Now I know its just math and there are all different combinations that probably work better/worse for different time frames and different currencies pending the current pattern that they are in but can you shed any more light on this as to why you are now using what you are using?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
DanFX,

I was just wondering last night if you were still around since I hadn't seen a post from you in a while. I'm doing pretty good with this system right now. It took a littlw while for me to get the concepts down but it's there now. Now I'm off to reclaim my $130 that I lost by getting too nervous and exiting too soon only to see the trade turn around and go 70+ pips in my favor.

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Sorry i meant .618 not .386

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
That's a very frequent setup that occurs allmost at least once a day on M15 if you look several pair. If you look at M5 it will occur very often.

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Was wondering if there's an indicator out there or if one can be made that alerts when all 3 stochs are above or below the middle (50) line. I personally find this as a good filter for taking trades...ie only buy if all stochs are above 50 and sell when all 3 are below 50.

If 20 and 50 stochs are above 50 already, there tend to be good entries when the 5 stoch dips down and crosses over 50 line again.

I've tried using a stoch crossing alert but get too many with the 5 stoch so would be good having a filter that only gives relevant alerts. Also would be good if could set all three variables for each stoch and even decide how many stochs we want to consider (some may only want to use 2)

Anyone else think this would be good?

Bobby

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
Can you post some screenshot to explain your view graphically ? I'm allways looking to improve with other people ideas

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
Melpheos, could you address this question?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
Thanks for taking an interest in this idea.

So as soon as all 3 stochs are either below (sell) or above (buy) the middle (50) line the indicator would give an alert (sound, arrow and pop up window).

Would be good to allow each stoch settings to be changeable and also if someone wanted to just use 2 stochs instead of 3 that would be a good option too.

As with any indicator this would give 'bad' signals but it does filter out alot of bad trades...ie market must be strong trending for all 2/3 stochs to be above/below 50. Anyway there should be other indicators/setup criteria in any system as relying on 1 indicator is not recommended.

Thanks

Bobby

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
Different settings will give different signal. 20.2.10/50.2.10 is more reactive than 20.10.10/50.10.10 but might give you more false signal.

You can test with different settings to see which one are the best for you but 20.10.10 is usually very nice in most situations.

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
thx for the explanation. i will indeed load them all up and check it out for myself. hope everyone is having a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
Sry, i dont really get it :-/

Also i think you really use to many indicators... 17 if i count well... How far do you want to go with indicators ? Do you really need all those stuff to telll you if the trend is established or not ?

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Thanks for your system, I am a beginner both in forex and this forum. I have being trying to put the stochastics in one window but find it difficult for about one week now. I followed all the procedure stated like dragin but it would not move into it. can you help.

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Made a small guide, if you dont get it well there is nothing else i can do for you.

http://melpheos1er.free.fr/forex/Stoch_Guide.swf

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
LOL. I'm a bit of an indicator tart. I attach indicators that look like they could be benificial and now I'm in the process of deciding which ones work for me...this is still a work in progress and there will def be less indicators when I've finished...but thanks for the advice.

Sorry if I didn't make sense...basically when all 3 stochs are above 50 the indicator would give a buy signal and when all 3 are below 50 it would give a sell. As soon as that criteria is me the signal would be given.

eg 2 of the stochs (let's say 20 and 50) are above the middle and as soon as the 5 crosses above from below we get a buy signal. If the 5 moves back below there's no signal because the other 2 are above. But as soon as the 5 (or any 1 of the 3 stochs) moves back up another buy signal is generated.

Have a look at your own charts...this looks like it would give some good signals.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
I think it would be a good idea for us to start posting potential trade setups so that we can all learn from one another. Gives each other more confidence I feel. I took +68 pips from this baby this morning and when she climbs back to the top and turns down like the 4hr, I'll be going at it again.

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
currently watching this GBP/JPY 4 hour that may signal after a retest of the trendline - I am looking at the lower timeframes for early entry opportunities

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Did u place the trade yet?

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
Unfortunatly, no entry shown on the 275 pips move on GY today.

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
Melpheos, do you normally trade the 15m or 30m on that pair? I'm loving this eurjpy and gbpusd. I've dumped the eurusd for these.

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
Yes I entered short at 205.68. It was not a sexy stoch entry although the direction of the longer term stochs on the 4 hr chart contributed to my decision.

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
So how did it work out for you?

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
im still in. price is around 205 atm after getting into the low 204's. Ive moved stop to breakeven which will be a bit tragic if hit giving over 100 pips back but I am holding out for 202

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
I have to dump sexystoch because of the lack of time i have with my work and will focus on a different strategy based solely on price action with daily candle.

My account is big enough now to handle the 100+ pips stop this kind of trade requires from time to time.

Missed this trade by 4 pips  Short you should read after the pin bar... Should have brought 350 pips

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Melpheos, good to hear from you. I cannot wait until my account is big enough to handle 100+ DD's   All I can say is "WOW".  Good luck my friend.

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
To be more precise, the SL depends more on the lot size than on the number of pips...

The idea is to keep the risk/trade low but still making enough money.

I started with 5% but now i'm down to 1.5% per trade and i will feel even more at ease with 1%. The bigger the account, the lower risk you can take by trade but making enough money.

So you can have a SL of 50 pips which can be riskier than a 100 pips SL if the risk/trade for the 1st one is 5% while then risk/trade is 2% for the second.

This is a strategy i'm testing right now for one week and a half with 0.1 lots. +2% last week and looking very good this week too (this is on demo account but using very precise rules )

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Hi ,

look at this , in 10 minutes got 100pips on G/J

1D , 4H and 1H was in great setup , did not see so nice setup for long time

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
The screenshots are horrible but the setup was definitly very nice

For people who dont have time or dont want to trade full time, PA applied on daily chart works just great.

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Im with you. Ill be too  busy for intra day for a few months, so I decided to go with PA on daily charts. Ive got a feeling it is going to save alot of headache  the intraday volatility and indecision can cause. I was thinking of  crashing the J16 thread for a while

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
Check this out

Stick to stochastics and trade only good signals

almost stresless and easy

just be patient and ull find great setups

All 3 main timeframes give strong Short signal :

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
Hi..hmmm 1000 posts and I'm up to 500  ...and yes Ive read every one lols.

Im moving over from day trading Index futures with interactive brokers because I was getting dispondant with the lack of volatility in the Index Futures mkts plus...they all look the same at any given time..

With Forex I have doz to choose from and when I stumbled across this post I was really impressed esp by read 500 as the basic principles of the system hadn't changed..which for me denotes a rock solid system

I'm no novice and realize you get losers..Ive been trading losers for 8 years lols..but my winners  are bigger and more frequent so i win over all.

I want to say a big thanks to boxingislife for sharing his thought help advice...allot of guys wouldn't of done it with a system like this believe me.

Another big thanks you for their help from what I read so far to Melpheos,and Moonchild and all the other poster who I havnt mention who contribute to try and give us traders an edge in the markets.

Ive stuck to the basic template as in post 1 but have downloaded bundles of indictors and pdf files to keep as a libary on this system.

Im an aggressive trader have been for years  Ive been looking at just the 5min time scale and do not compare to others when I make my trade.I look for one set up only  ..

I have my work space set up with

GBPUSD

EURUSD

AUDUSD

USDCHF

USDJPY

Yest I had 13 trades ( old habits die hard ) 10 wins 3 losers net pip gain 170 pips.

I have the 100..30...100 stoch on my chart and one things I have noticed since using the system ( A whole week ..cough cough ) is 2 of my losers looked perfect set up apart from the fact that the 100.30.100 was going against the shorter term... thought Id mention it.

Anyway I will work my way through the other 500 ..this is a cracking system and any new trader that comes across it is very very lucky indeed as I'm convinced it will save months and months of experimentation and losses as they try to perfect their trading ideas and techniques.

Thanks for the open way you guys post..I don't often see it in the Index Futures arena ..traders tend to keep ideas close to their chest

Paulus

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Paulus,

This system is rock-solid  I've traded it for months now and it works. One thing that I want to point out is the necessity of checking with the higher timeframes. I know that 60% of the time a setup on the 15m chart looks perfect and works out perfectly. However, it's been mine and others' experiences that checking with the higher timeframes solidifies your trades and almost guarantees your winners. I prefer to trade off the 30m chart and check to make sure it's in sync with the 4hr.  Like Boxing says, why trade off the 15m for a small move when you can chase the bigger moves off the 30m charts. Also, it's easier for a move on the 15m to get turned around than it is for one on the 30m or 1hr.  Kinda like the difference between stopping a bike versus a car or bus   Hope the best for you!

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
Hi JD

yep I guessed as much.. Ive used it for a week and wowser..I hear what your saying about the 15 and 30 but to me thats almost investing lols..

Ive been a day trader for 5 years out of my 8 and until recently was still knocking out 15 trades a day and loved it.

I can logically see what your saying about the longer term trades getting your 50-100 pips and the tanker effect of a long term trend turning...but I loved to nip in and out taking 20 pips a time..several times a day i feel involved and part of the market.... it takes all sorts lols

Im also trading eod on my own system in the trading journal part of this BB so thats giving me my longer term trades atm...but desperately needed to get the buzz of day trading this Forex beast and this hopefully has given it to me.

Il wack another post in next week to let you know how i get on and over the next few months may well migrate over to the longer term trading view but for now I just want to get stuck in

Looking back 1 or 2 pages I notice only 2 stoch lines now...in the posts 500-1000 has it changed..

Paulus

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
No no, it has allways been 3, short, medium and long term...

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
Hi all,

Seems like UJ is forming nice setup at H4 tf.

Anybody agree with me??

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
how did that potential trade work out for you BlueBottle? was it a winner?

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
I caught this one late in the afternoon during the Asian session. I'm up +20 pips so far.

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
When you say "check to make sure it's in sync with the 4hr"

Are you just talking about the 5,3,3? or the 20 or 50?

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
If the 20-stoch on the 4hr is pointing down, then if your taking trades off the 30m and the 1h charts, you want to only go short. Pretty much if you find a perfect setup on the 30m/1h charts, then the 5-stoch will be going the right direction because the pullback will have ended and the trend will be resuming.  If you're looking to take trades off the 15m charts, then checking with the 30m and 1h will work. You may not find them going the same direction perfectly but you want to make sure they're not going opposite of what you're wanting to do with the 15m because they will over-rule (in most cases) the 15m setups.

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
Looking at the two charts below you'll see where the yellow vertical line is, I found a nice setup on the 30m chart. Before I placed the trade, I glanced at the 4hr chart and saw the 20 and the 5 stochs supporting the direction of my trade. So I knew i was pretty much good to go.

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
JD, how do you practically doing it (checking, confirmation)?

do you switching TFs or you have a few charts on diff TFs open?

and could you show confirmation (comments) on chart and/or post shot of active workspace, please?

thank you

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
fxxx,

check my last post. that is actually my workspace. I didn't do anything today with the system since there was so much news coming out and my experience has been that when that happens, a trend following system really isn't too effective.  I'll start tomorrow with posting some examples of the trade setups that I see. And I switch timeframes. I'll start by opening up the 4hr to see what the overall trend is, then move to the 1hr. If there are no valid setups there, I'll move to the 30m (my favorite) and then finally the 15m until I find a setup forming.  I prefer the 30m charts because I don't like leaving a trade open too long but the 15m is a little to fickle to me sometimes. I find that it's too easy for it to whipsaw since it's not too strong a move unless it's in sync with the overall trend.

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
The red line/green rectangle is where I took the trade this morning. It moved +23 pips total but I got out at +21 pips.

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
This is a trade that i actually took off the 4hr but the 15m is just now aligning with it. We'll see how this one goes.

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Hi jdcompute,

In your second indicator window it is not clear to me what your indicator settings are.  Could you be good enough to clarify this?  thanks.

chuchu

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
Hi jdcompute,

I meant the window with the stochastics.

chuchu

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
Using a 5,3,3 and 35,10,10. A slight modification from the original system but works the same.

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
thank you, JD

'cause actual real-time enytry setup -"favorite part"

(and looking back - "dem... what i been thinking!")  : ))))

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
fxxx,

have you taken any trades lately using this system?

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
Hello everyone

I am very excited about trying out this method ! it looks great !

i am about half way thru the thread and feel ready to start demo trading today. I noticed that there hasn't been a post from Boxingislife since april.........does he not support the thread any longer ?

I am based in the UK and so I am very lucky with my trading hours and will trade the european open right thru to the us close some days.

Hoping to learn from you guys and if you have any tips or advice please feel free to post.

I am not a newbie to trading forex been doing it for a couple of years , just new to this system.I was drawn to the simplicity of it and, as Boxing said somewhere, it is easy on the eyes ! My recent charts had so many indicators on them that it made your head spin ha ha !

just taken my first trade a gbpusd long from the 30 min chart, with 4 hour confirming.

Happy pipping everyone

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
Hi Kim,

Glad you found this method attractive. Just take concording TF trade and it should be fine.

Also watch for for pull back bigger than 50% as most of the time even if the set up looks fine, it will fail.

Finally, Boxingislife do no support this thread lately because so much has been said allready that there is no real need for further explaination

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
Hi Melpheos

nice to meet you !

could u please explain a little more about a pullback being more than 50%? do you mean when already in a trade?

are you having some success with this system?

it is a shame that Boxingislife is not around anymore .....it is always more inspiring when the creator of a method is also involved day to day. Hope he is doing well though and successful in his studies at university.

what part of the world do you live melpheos do we trade the same times?

that was a nice long on cable earlier hope you caught some pips.

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
I'm from France. I guess you are from UK (Cheers  )

I've done incredibly well with this strategy but due to my new position at work i have no time to trade it on intraday and i really dont feel at ease trading it on higher than H1 TF (i think it's not reliable enough due to news release or geoeconomical change which can change a D1 trade from good to very very bad in a few days )

For the 50% retracement i meant what i said

If the price retraces above the 50% from the swing high/low of the last major move you can have a signal but it will probably fail. By retracement i mean that price break the 50% and close above/below it (not just a break)

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
ahh bonjour !

yes i am in the uk but i would much rather be living in france ha ha .......lucky you !

ok thanks for that advice about the pullbacks.........i think i understand what you mean

it is a shame that you are not able to continue trading at the moment....you not tempted to trade fulltime yet ?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
My account is not big enough yet to go full time and i want at least a 2 years 2000€ monthly income cushion with 0% return in case of something goes wrong.

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
come on people

im still around

and always ready to answer questions. but yea most have been answered already so

i recently took up a trading position so it wont really change the frequency of my posts but ill keep u guys updated with the performance and the next exotic car i end up buyin  and any other cool stuff i can share. only part time while i finish university

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
Melpheos you are correct in your statement about a failed signal. Boxing has shown me that if there has been a major move up or down, then any perfect signals thereafter will probably fail.   I'm in Texas on CST so I find that normally happens around 11:00AM or 12:00 noon.  I typically don't look for perfect setups by then anyways.

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
I just took this trade off the 1hr chart. I'm up +5 so far.

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
Hey Boxingislife

nice to see you are still around !

i have had 3 trades so far .....1 cable sucessful and 2 losses......gbpchf and gbpjpy looked like really good setups..so good that i decided to trade on my real account and they both decided to turn around and bite me !

guess it is a bit more complex than it looks ha ha !

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
There is a big reason why i would not have taken this trade. The consolidation took far too long comparing to the duration on the last move.

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
Hey Kimmy,

I am looking to learn more about this system.

Why don't you post up those losing trades and maybe the guys who are experienced with the system can point out anything which might have told them not to trade?

Sarah

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
would this be a good short setting up?

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
Hi Sarah

yes you are right i will do that in future !

how long you been at this?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
Hi Kim,

Not very long. At the moment I am trying to decide which system to devote some serious time to. Either this one or Sait or Supernova. It's difficult to know which one offers the best chance to a comparative noob to get consistently profitable.

Sarah

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
Melpheos, I agree. I was just in it for some quick pips. I grabbed a quick +10 and ran

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
here's one i'm looking at right now.  The 4hr supports the down move. If things line up right, I may take it.

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
Hi jdcompute

i was looking at UJ as well...........i was looking at the 30 mins and see the 20stoch is moving up over 20 and has crossed it's signal line ....would this stop you entereing short ? also would you avoid entering until after the news at 830EST ?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
I have a question for either jdcompute or melphoeos on the 50% retracement issue.

In a post a while back, jdcompute stated:

"Melpheos you are correct in your statement about a failed signal. Boxing has shown me that if there has been a major move up or down, then any perfect signals thereafter will probably fail. I'm in Texas on CST so I find that normally happens around 11:00AM or 12:00 noon. I typically don't look for perfect setups by then anyways."

My question is with respect to the direction of the failed signal.  Do you mean that a signal in the direction of the major move up or down will fail, or do you mean that a signal in the direction opposite to the major move up or down will fail?

chuchu

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
I dont see any short trade on the chart :?

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
hmmmm......ok thanks

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
maybe you could point out on the graphic where you see it...

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
This one was a good trade.

The last one you are pointing could have some potential so but the retracement is pretty high allready. Also it would be the 3rd leg so personnaly i would wait for another setup.

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
i saw gbpjpy ranging and the 5 at the top above 80 and so when it crossed it's signal line and the 80 line down i thought it would be a good opp for a short?

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
ok great thanks i can see that  anymore charts of trades that you took today would be great to see thanks !

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
I'm up +15 pips on this one.  The 4hr chart still supports the short so I'll stick with it a little while longer, maybe ride the 5,3,3 into the 20 zone.

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
chuchu,

I mean a signal in the direction of the major move since this system is primarily about following the established trend, which would be the direction of the move. If the pair has already moved alot, then even if you get a valid signal, it probably will not work out.  I'm sure Melpheos is alot more experienced on that front than I.

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
what about this as a long?

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
I decided to close out my trade at +13 pips because things looked a little flaky. Good thing I did, that long spike would've gotten me .  Kimmy, I'm not sure I would take this as a long since it's bumping right up underneath a resistance line. What do you think Melpheos?

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
thanks jd ...too late however  !! gbpjpy has taken -139 pips from me today over all. i am not reading the charts properly so back to the drawing board ! How many trades did yu take today?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
If this crosses back up then this is a buy ............am i correct? 4 hour confirms too

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
i am a bit unclear whether i am entering my trades correctly? now that the cross has taken place it is 2 mins into the new 15min candle....does it matter when i enter?

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
Kimmy,

I took two trades today, both winners.  Usd/jpy and Eur/gbp.  hey, I hope you're trading small positions right?

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
In my opinion, I would pass on this trade. See how price isn't breaking the resistance line. It's getting later in the morning/evening depending on where you are. I really don't think you'll get a valid long trade on this.

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
Your 20 stoch is going flat, turning down probably.

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
thanks jd ...yes i took your advice from your post earlier and saw that o cable was also up against the res level so i didn't take it....it would have been good for 10 pips but there you go better safe than sorry eh? ha ha

i am in the uk so very lucky with my trading hours...where abouts are you?

going back to my question re entry? if a cross happens when the new candle starts i sthat a good time to jump in straight away or do we need to wait for more confirmation. i keep getting the feeling that i am missing most of the move when trading 30mins and 1 hr......i am used to trading the 1min and 5 min. However i am keen to get away from having to be so glued to my screen all day hence wanting to give the higher timeframes a go and this method seems very good for that.

thanks for your help today it is much appreciated and hopefully useful for other newbies in the thread also

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
Kimmy, even though the cross occurs, I typically wait until the price breaks above the previous candle for a long or below the previous one for a short.

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
Hi Kimmy,
The trade today on GBPUSD 30min was just after 5.40am BST, need to get up early to catch the worm.
If trading 30min then use 5min for your entry, i.e. look for trend on 4h, signal setup on 30min then enter using 5min.
A cross on the stoch is not confirmed until candle close. (so use 5min to jump ahead)
I don’t agree with JD about 20 being flat as it is well above 80 so will not signal a trend change until it drops below, time of day has more impact, it’s getting late.
Whishing you all the best in your trading.
Terry

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
hi terry

yes i did see that setup and i took it.....however when i was +20 i moved my stop to BE and i then got stopped out in a pullback.........i guess my stop was to tight?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
morning everyone

here is a short that i am in now

p.s.hope everyone isn't getting fed up with my posts !!

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
could one of you clever experienced chaps please tell me what this is saying? when 50 and 100 still at top ....long term trend still up?.....20 is following price down but if 5 crosses over is this a possible long setup ? would we wait for the 20 to cross it's signal line again?

cheers

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
Terry sorry to keep asking questions ........if you use 5min for entry from a 30mins what would you use for entry from a 1 hr chart? still 5 min or 15min ?

thanks for your help

kim

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
Hi Kimmy,

For entry on 1h I would use 15min, that trade on the EURUSD looks

too flat for this method (more a breakout trade). I would recomend that you only monitor one or two pairs until method is working for you..

Terry

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
Thanks terry....i am still short eurchf and see that there is some euro news coming out in 20 mins...german so could move market....would you close the trade before news announcements or does this system 'cope' with them?

good idea about cutting down on pairs....any suggestions?

kim

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
managed to close this at -13 pips when i saw the news results were better than expected and just got out before the spike ...phew ....i guess i answered my question tho ha ha  !!

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
OK please tell me where i went wrong here?

took the 5 cross as a long and now the trade is going against me

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
Hi Kim,

Look at the stochs on 5min, longer ones are trending down, you can see a pull back for a short, aim to get trend of 20 stoch going in same direction as your 15min.

Terry

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
ok thanks terry....so you saying i got in too early...could have been a better entry?........managed to squeeze +10pips.

the hourly chart is very over bought and 5 stoch crossed over 80 pointing down......does this mean that there will be a significant pullback and then providing 20 50 and 100 remain above 80 then a resumption to the upside?

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
Finsbury Stoch.tpl

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
Sorry i was not looking this thread. I would have say you have done nothing wrong, stay in the trade.

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
HI ALL

am short usdchf

long eurusd

short usdjpy

happy pipping everyone !

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
Just wondering whether there is a trading room supporting this method? there doesn't seem to be much activity here or many traders using this system ...at least posting in this thread ?

It is so hard to learn this method from scratch without any feedback and as boxingislife is busy with university ( goodluck boxing) i wondered whether there were any interested people who are trying to learn this method that would lik eto exchange notes?

all the trades i entered earlier all looked great as per the charts but they have all gone against me and now i don't understand whether to ride this out or to close? none of them even made it into pos figures...actually eurusd did for a short time......so where am i going wrong??????

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
Hi Kim,

Best to trade one pair, a pain I know but best.

Don't trade correlated pairs, your last list all involved USD.

Terry

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
Hi Kimmy

yea i see what u mean , many months ago when i was learning this method this thread was very active and many pple were postng here.

Many examples and comments.

Now it looks like dieing

When u post a chart give us a 2,3 TF of pair , it will make easier to comment.

very often we live in diffirent time zones so ours charts looks diffirent , coz of diffirent brokers ours candles close at diff time.

I will try to focus on ur charts and send feedback as often as i can.

I use this method last few months and it gives great results.

im looking setups only on 1d , 4h and 1h ,  i dont use smaller TF.

Always look at higher TF for confirmation.

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
which pair would you suggest ....maybe cable?

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
ok thanks oleevier will do that in future !

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
these are 2 trades that i took much earlier and have resulted in losses........they looked like good setups to me and the 4 hour confirmed it at the time. I havn't taken any other trades yet so will post all tfs in future.

also have a usdjpy short that i am still open and is heavily down.

maybe some of you more experienced traders would be kind enough to post a trade as it is setting up....it is easy to spot them after the fact ...if you know what i mean....also.....very useful would be to learn how to cut a losing trade?

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
At your time of entry, how did the stoch's look say on the 5 min chart?

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
hi traden

here are usdchf 5 min and 15 min

eurusd 5 min and 15min

at the sametime that i entered th etrades

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
Setup looks good to go SHORT.

Anybody with me here??

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
guess..dear kimmy has mastered t trade!!

teach me too!!Is it for 5min TF??

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
hi sonic no i am master of nothing ha ha .....except losing trades !!!

this system looked very simple and is aimed at higher timeframes too which is what i am looking for but so far i have just had losing trades

ofcourse i am being impatient as always and went straight onto real account but the setups looked good to me ....but i guess i ahve still much to learn.

how are you doing?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
not trading audusd bluebottle but it looks good to me as long as all timeframes line up in same direction .....but then don't go by me ha ha

i am not having much success so far

good luck

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
i have shorted at 0.9593 by above Aud/Usd setup.

Now 13 pips in green. hope will go down further.

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
The first thing I see is that the USDCHF 30 min was on the 2:30 candle meaning 3:00 time of close, when looking at the 5min chart for timing, look at the 2:55 candle for where stoch's are at for it. With this or any other system, I believe in multiple time frame confirmation. The 30 min may be your chart time frame (TF) for trade setup, but i always look to a shorter TF chart for entry as I look to see if there has been any change to the trend.

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
great ......did you use 15 min for entry?

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
i see..so you saying wait 25 mins after the cross for entry on the 5 min candle 5 min before close of 30 min candle?.........doesn't this mean that you will often miss the move? how do you know if the move is already over?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
No, kimmy. I used 5 mins tf to enter.

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
No, I'm saying that on the 30 min, you marked the 2:30 candle which is the 2:55 5min candle.

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
could you show me please blue bottle ?

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
ok.............did you think it was a bad setup?

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
am reading these book...and it is just gr8...

http://www.amazon.com/Profitable-Can.../dp/047102466X

sonic

--- 帖子 #2046 ---
Closed my trade at 12 pips profit.

Pls see attachment for 5 mins and 1 hr chart.

--- 帖子 #2047 ---
Kim,

It looks like you entered the trade around 1.0234, now that isn't off of the 30min signal or the 5 min timing entry. That is the first thing I see. The next part is you ask about exits or when a trade has failed. I believe in and use HH's/HL's/LL's/LH's for a lot of this to make sure I'm with the trend. The last pic shows you in the trade long after price has violated these to the long side. I will maybe try to do a recording describing my thoughts, takes way to long to type.

--- 帖子 #2048 ---
any thoughts  about this as a long ?

--- 帖子 #2049 ---
yes traden i got in at 102.38......i don't understand what you mean about it not being off of the 30 min signal or 5 min?......i looked for a cross on 30 min and saw that 4 hr confirmed trend then i checked 5 min and it had also crossed and was heading up so i went long.

what did i miss???

thanks for your help i know that it can be time consuming so any little bit is very much appreciated. also i have had PMs from other people who don't seem to want to post here but say that they are learning from my posts....so you are reaching more than just one person

cheers kim

--- 帖子 #2050 ---
I am making a WMV now and will give a review of what I see.

Sorry folks, the zip file is to large to upload.

--- 帖子 #2051 ---
Hi,

Just found this thread and can somone that is used to this thread pls lead me to the most detailed post(s) of this system if post 1 have been updated some where. I will appreciate it alot but that would still not stop me from reading the whole thread but just to have the rules at hand why reading so as not to start asking questions that has been asked and answered.

Thanks.

Alnames.

--- 帖子 #2052 ---
Hey Traden

thanks so much for your email it really has helped me see things more clearly..i think that i been looking too much at just the stochs and not paying enough attention to the position of the candles too.

if it wasn't obvious to any other noobs in here where i went wrong with that usdchf trade then you may want to take a look at what traden sent me.

if you are interested PM me with your email address and i will send it to you.

Happy pipping

p.s. traden i love your accent what part of the US is that from ?

--- 帖子 #2053 ---
Hello All!

I have been a follower of this thread for some time, and used to be a semi-regular poster. I hope to rejoin the posting if you don't mind!

I just took this trade about three minutes ago. Low risk with a 15 pip stop...we'll see how it plays out...

Glen

--- 帖子 #2054 ---
hi prosperfx

can you explain why you entered short when the 5 stoch is pointing up ?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2055 ---
Hi guyes doing much better today .....maybe i am getting the hang of things ??

eurchf short +20

usdjpy short +35

happy pipping

p.s. all of you who pm'd me i will sending off emails to you now

--- 帖子 #2056 ---
Welcome back.

--- 帖子 #2057 ---
Hi all,

I am entering short at both AudUsd and EurGbp by H4 tf setup. Pls feedback if anything is wrong in my setup and entry. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2058 ---
Both entries look a little early to me based purely on the 4H TF, the stochastics look like they still have some way to rise

Andy

--- 帖子 #2059 ---
hi all.........entered long off 30 min chart

--- 帖子 #2060 ---
kim im glad this long worked out for u , but i dont see good setup to enter long , this pic look like late entry , very late , but when i  checked other higher TF it looked good.

Dont get confused using many tf , use 4h and 1h

or 1h and 15min

I dont use 15 and smaller , my every trade is usually more than +50pips

I dont like stressfull games and hunting for 15-30pips.

It is too risky

Stick to higher TF and start making money

I look first 1D , 4H and entry when 1H agree

many pips and low risk = more stressless trading

--- 帖子 #2061 ---
ok thanks oleevier sounds good !!

that really is much higher TF...i will try what you say tho thanks

kim

--- 帖子 #2062 ---
next time you take trade would you mind posting the 2 charts so that i can see what you mean please ?

--- 帖子 #2063 ---
Agree with you.

To all seniors, pls help us by posting good setups if possible.

--- 帖子 #2064 ---
Hi all,

UsdCad looks good setup at m30 tf.

I shorted at 0.9871

Any feedback??

--- 帖子 #2065 ---
.

I have been following u guys recently and that is why am asking u guys for this favour, right. Will appreciate.

Alnames.

--- 帖子 #2066 ---
This was not a good setup. The price retraced even higher than the previous swing high cancelling the down move.

If the price retrace more than 50% you sould just forget about the trade. The probabilities are just too weak for the signal to be accurate.

--- 帖子 #2067 ---
Hi all.  I've been following this forum from a distance as I picked up on it while traveling.  This system is SOLID with a little dicipline.  I've been killing AUD/USD trades using my own setup (RSI, AO, AC).  I switched to the sexy indicators and took a look back on the 15m and 1h for the same pair and the trades just jumped out at me.

Does anyone out here use any proprietary software, from their broker or otherwise, to ascertain trends?  I only ask becasue I got onto the AUD/USD pair this way.  I also peek at the LFB.com trade plans (http://www.thelfb.com/tradeplans) which I think are great summaries.  I don't stick to any pair because I look to jump onto to any of the majors that are in play based on the longer term trends.

Is there an alert for say when the 5min stoch has a change in direction?  Just wondering if folks are just manually scanning or alerted to a certain scenario that is a likely trade setup.

I hope everyone is making lots of money with this.  It looks as good as anything else I've seen and is simple enough to follow.  Looking forward to playing along.  Have a great weekend...

--- 帖子 #2068 ---
Your right melpheos. I closed my short with -17 pips loss, anyway learnt a good lesson.

Thank you melpheos for ur analysis and helping me.

--- 帖子 #2069 ---
Hi everyone, I am new to this method. I have been trading using MTF stochastics with great success. However, I did not like MTF stoch as I had to keep staring at the charts for many hours. I was reading this thread and have a few problems understanding it.

1) How to use 2 or 3 TF? what do you mean? Lets say the 4H TF shows a good setup, which other 2 TFs do you look at? Higher TFs or smaller TFs?

2) What happens if the 20 and 50 stochs are moving horizontally, but 20 is still above 50, can we take long trades?

3) I don't understand your FIBO retracement technique.

Thx very much for answering my qnses. I would really appreciate if there is a consolidated manual with regards to this strategy.

--- 帖子 #2070 ---
Hi everyone

Traden4x and I have been talking about getting together in a Trading Room to trade together.

He is very kindly willing to share his experience and expertise in trading with the stochs in this method.

The idea is to have a place where we can view live charts and interact more easily. See setups as they are forming and discuss trades , winners and losers !!

Some of the chat rooms have limited number of spaces and so if any of you are interested in joining in could you please let me know so i can guage numbers.

Once i get some feedback from you all i will post again.

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2071 ---
Hi Alnames

obviously I can only give you my opinion and i would have to say that i don't think that there is any substitute or shortcut for reading the thread (sorry ! ) I know that it is time consuming and can make your head spin  ha ha but it is worth it !

I am still working my way through and i cut and paste interesting info into a word doc so that i can easily refer back to it without wading through the whole thread again. To be honest this thread is pretty short compared to some in FF and i think that is a very good sign as it usually means that few changes have been made to the system and once it has all been said there is not much more to add or do except trade it !

I think that I started trading after reading the first 20 pages ( a few times over) and i will continue reading all the way through whilst trading alongside it. If you think of the thread as a FAQ site then you might see it differently and you will probabaly find any questions that you have will have already been asked and answered for you ......so invaluable really !!

take care ....and hope you don't go cross eyed ha ha :nerd:

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2072 ---
.

Hi Kimmy,

Thanks for the reply, i understand. About the trading room i know u will not accept me due to xperience n xpertise stuff but i can assure u if this system will suit me, i will contribute and play along soon.

My question is which other system(s) do u trade with on this FF. Thanks.

Alnames.

--- 帖子 #2073 ---
Hi, Kimmy.

Very good idea.

FYI the TradingRoom software : TR Directory /TR/Community TR allows about one hundred participants and, if more is needed, the administrator upgrades this number !

BTW thanks a lot with your PM ...

Best Regards

BBF

--- 帖子 #2074 ---
Hi guys...I have the present for this 3ad.....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   OnChart_Stochastic.ex4

6 KB
|
649 downloads

byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

--- 帖子 #2075 ---
hi blackfeet

you are very welcome.......always happy to help where i can !

thanks for the info ........initially we were looking at using the mikogo chart sharing facility with skype but is limited to 10 people and then there was talk that Trading rooms was limited to 25 people but we have since found out differently thanks.

will be posting soon about what is happening.

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2076 ---
Hi alnames

please don't think that you would be excluded from the room at all....we will all be there to help and support each other. you will need to have some basic understanding though ofcourse before joining us.

Alnames there are hundreds of different systems on FF and the imporatant thing is finding one that suits you ! you will know it when you see it......it will just click.

Take a look at the website below and click on the section called 'Setups'...he lists many of the most popular setups and explains how important it is to find one that suits you and just stick with and perfect it ! everyone is different, the way their mind works and how they view things....for one person a setup is easy to see and they 'get it'  for another they will never 'get it' in a million years

http://www.trading-naked.com/

hope this help a little bit

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2077 ---
Hi Kimmy. I just found this thread and have spent hours reading it and back testing the system. It seems like a winner! I am looking forward to trading it this week. Thanks for your interest in this thread it is bringing new life into it.

--- 帖子 #2078 ---
Nobody here!

Seems like no one trading today. With USA (Memorial Day) and UK (Spring Bank Holiday) market closed for holiday, i also see low liquidity in the market today.

--- 帖子 #2079 ---
Hi all,

Found good setup in AudUsd at 30m TF. I am going short.

--- 帖子 #2080 ---
Cable forming nicely for short at 30m tf. I am going short.

--- 帖子 #2081 ---
Even if the setup looks good to me, i would no trade it because the market is allmost closed today (no NY, no London)

--- 帖子 #2082 ---
U r right i guess. Waited very long still price not moving at all.

--- 帖子 #2083 ---
if you want to trade on a day like this, you need to know how to set short TP's and scalp. Pivots or fib levels are the only way to trade and use the stoch's to confirm these turns on smaller TF charts.

Price bounced a mid pivot level twice and now is bouncing the pivot.

--- 帖子 #2084 ---
It's better to simply NOT trade on a day like this

Hint : remove some indicators, you can't even see the price on such chart (why do you keep the price by the way ? )

--- 帖子 #2085 ---
So then should I return the 55 pips then on GY?

--- 帖子 #2086 ---
I find all those indicators quite fascinating! Would you be kind enough to post a template?

Andy

--- 帖子 #2087 ---
Hell no

What i mean is that you can do the same thing with an easier setup (ok there is only 40+ pips here and not 55 but you get the idea )

--- 帖子 #2088 ---
Andy,

I will at some time post them but would be in another thread and I don't have the time to support the questions that goes with it. I trade off of 5 different trade setups based on different conditions and these are the indicators I use.

Start with a basic setup like sexy and work into other setups as you learn more of the market. This will eventually enable you to trade both trend and range. IMO this is necessary as the majority of the market is spent in times of range or minor trends.

Carl

--- 帖子 #2089 ---
Great thread.

--- 帖子 #2090 ---
OK Guys here’s the deal

If you would like to trade this system alongside some fellow traders then there is a trading room that you can join.

Please visit the link below where you will need to download the free software.The room is called Forex and Gold ( should be called The Sexy Room ha ha ......maybe we can change it later ). Once you have your user name and password setup then you need to sign in and you will find the room at Trading Rooms/Trading Rooms/ Community Rooms/ Forex and Gold

http://www.tradingrooms.com/default.aspx

Please have your chart setup as per the Sexy System and have read the thread here (at least the first 20 pages). Any questions about setting the chart up or indicators please keep to the main thread here. Any questions that have already been asked and answered in the main thread ………….then you will be in trouble ………..unless you are looking for clarification about something ofcourse then that is fair enough !

If you are completely new to Forex Trading then I would highly recommend you visit www.Babypips.com , an excellent educational site and take the lessons on there first.

Please please please make sure that you practice on a demo account and wait until you are consistently successful before moving to a real account. However there is just no substitute for trading with real money and you will find it a completely different experience so I would recommend you start with small positions until you get used to it !

The plan is to trade alongside each other and see live trades setting up, we have an experienced trader who is willing to share his expertise with us and will be using a microphone to explain what is happening as it unfolds, a big THANK YOU to Traden4x ! Please note that everyone else’s microphones are to be kept turned off. If you have any questions then please type them and post them and they will be answered during quieter moments throughout the session.

One last point to everyone……..if you take any of the calls made on live trades by any of the traders in the room they are to be taken with your own full responsibility, and your money management is also left completely up to your own discretion.

Let’s make a great place to make some pips and I hope everyone will be happy to join in with good spirit !

See you in there !!

Happy Pipping !
Cheers
Kim

p.s I have had a PM from Boxingislife and he says that he is very happy to see life back in the thread. He also assures us that he has not abandoned the thread and will hope to pop in whenever his busy schedule permits. Thanks Boxing and hope to see you soon!

--- 帖子 #2091 ---
Well done, Kimmy.

Pardy

--- 帖子 #2092 ---
Hi All

there are some having trouble locating the room in the directory.

when you login please open Trading Rooms thenopen Community Trading Rooms then scroll down and select Forex and Gold from the list.

hope that helps and look forward to seeing you in there

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2093 ---
birthday today

not gonna be fun

i got 2 exams tomorrow and ill be studying alllll day

good luck with the trading room

ill stop by as soon as i get a chance

--- 帖子 #2094 ---
GOOD LUCK BOXINGISLIFE !!

Happy Birthday !!

let us all know how it goes

take care

kim

--- 帖子 #2095 ---
Happy birthday BIL.

Always good to know another Gemini. 2 heads are better then 1 as they say!!

G-Man

--- 帖子 #2096 ---
hello guys...i am a follower of this thread too.....

any opinion on this one?

--- 帖子 #2097 ---
not in this trade...late....

still looking at it....h4 has been up from several hours before....30mins just pointing up again but h1 overbought.....still in EU....

--- 帖子 #2098 ---
this one too....any opinion for this setup?

only for observation guys...i am not in this trade...still holding eu...one trade per day for me.....will increase to two trades per day later......

--- 帖子 #2099 ---
in such cases it might be also convenient 2 use AllSto indi (several tf in sep.window)

--- 帖子 #2100 ---
another one guys.....

--- 帖子 #2101 ---
Hi Steven, nice charts.  But I think that you may get more juicy information using 30 min charts with 4H or 15m with 4h.  If you look carefully 30 min and 1H are very similar so there's no point in investing your time in that TF pair.  If you feel that 15 min chart is too fast for your taste, try 30 min-4h.

This thread has developed a lot, so, despite experts members will eventually comment your charts, we have the great opportunity to see real time decition making in Forex and Gold trading room.  Set up your charts as  requiered by kimmy and wacht these gays make the shots, I think this is a excellent chance.

Good luck and best trades for you...

--- 帖子 #2102 ---
Hey All

Just wanted to let you know that Boxingislife has been visiting the Trading room and taking questions so come on in and join in the fun ha ha

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #2103 ---
thx bro for ur feedback....really appreciate it.....

sometimes i use 30 mins too...if all line up then i go with the trade.....

--- 帖子 #2104 ---
templete mtf sto; mtf price: may be a little big 4 actual trading - but can be good 4 analysis (comments, explenations, etc)

--- 帖子 #2105 ---
guys, did you have setup for dailys (or thought about?) - so it would work 4 night traders too (not just daytraders)

--- 帖子 #2106 ---
I am long EUR/JPY.

+10 at the moment...

EDIT: Late update...this was an obvious counter-trend trade, so I got my 20 pips and got out!

--- 帖子 #2107 ---
FXXX, thank you for your template. But I cannot get the same chart as you showed here. Can you tell me how to make it so that I can get H1, H4 and other TF in an interface?

--- 帖子 #2108 ---
Hi All,

I have been reading this thread & tried this system (sexy stoch) on my real trades mith care (tight MM). It seems its a good system & simple & profitable

So today, I would like to share with you guys....

(check the attachments).

**The lines showed the time where my trades were taken, and the thumbs-up the TP's were hit**

--- 帖子 #2109 ---
in indicator's inputs type (by hands) any timeframes in any order

--- 帖子 #2110 ---
Hi All,

Today, I've got 15 pips on each trade I made (total 30 pips on EU & GU).

** The green arrows showed the trades taken, & thumbs-up for the TP hit.

--- 帖子 #2111 ---
Hi,

My hand was too itchy to trade again, when I saw Stoch (5,3,3) overbought (half way) on 30Mins TF.... So, put my trade again on EU....

Gained +20 pips more....

Love the system... thanks to thread starter....

--- 帖子 #2112 ---
Perfect setup, you really can't lose with such setup

--- 帖子 #2113 ---
Hi Atuque,

Congrats on the profits.

Can you please tell me the Indicator you are using.

Can you please post it here...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2114 ---
Thanks Rpasupathy,

Actually I just follow the setup in the 1st page of this thread (http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...98&postcount=1).

The setups are:

3 Stochastics...

1) In Blue Color---> K: 20,  D: 10,  Slowing: 20

2) In Orange Color--->  K: 50,  D: 10,  Slowing: 20

3) In Green Color---> K: 5,  D: 3,  Slowing: 3

All the stochs in the same window (just pick & drag and put in same window under the chart).

Just follow form this very 1st page, you'll understand how to put the trade/s.

I will post again my trade/s.

--- 帖子 #2115 ---
Hi All,

Wrongly placed trade (not patient).

I saw the 5 Mins Stoch started to go up, then placed the trade.... waited for long time.... Firstly put TP 15 pips & SL 25 pips. Then changed to 10 pips TP (going to sleep, too tired). SL nearly hit (so lucky it didn't)....

Woke up this morning, saw my TP was hit & still go up higher (should leave my TP 15 pips) .

Anyway, I'm happy that I gain again....

--- 帖子 #2116 ---
hi atuque1, those are nice trades you've had. in my point of view, you didnt wait the stoch 5,3,3 to make a cross. it is okay if the price were stalling & making a consolidations (no need to wait a cross). but in your last trade you've shown, the price still getting down. luckily it didnt hit your SL.

anyway, you make me on fire. i've stopped trading for about 3 or 4 months (using boxinglife), and i think i want to see many charts right now. keep posting charts, would yo bro. thx.

--- 帖子 #2117 ---
Hi Gant3nk (does it mean beautiful?)....

Thanks for ur feedback....  I've been trying this Stoch this whole week... In the beginning, I was not patient & I lost nearly ½ from my account (only in 2 days trading).

But, right now I'm gaining back some from my loss (in just 2 days).

The key point is.... see the trend on 15 mins TF (30Mins also can), then confirm with 15Mins TF. Better if the 15 Mins TF showing full "oversold" stoch. More confidence....

Good Luck all & Trade At Your Own Risk....

--- 帖子 #2118 ---
atuque, you said "see the trend of 15min tf and then confirm with 15min tf". did you mistype? one of the 15min should be another tf right? perhaps 60min tf or 4h tf?

almost correct bro, gant3nk means handsome. hehe.

--- 帖子 #2119 ---
Whoops... sorry.... mistype...

Need to see the trend on 15Mins TF, then confirm 5Mins TF.

Meaning, if in the 15Mins you are looking to go for long (buy) when the stoch already oversold. Then look at 5Mins TF, wait till the stoch oversold too & going for reverse (going upward)... when it's going up, go long....

--- 帖子 #2120 ---
Another trade this morning....

Gain another 10 pips....

--- 帖子 #2121 ---
i missed this one. damn. so busy at the office, and when i saw it, i am just too late. anyway, thanks for the advice of comparison tf you've just post. keep posting chart, ok?! i try to post mine also.

--- 帖子 #2122 ---
So sad that I have bad trades on USD/JPY just now... (Why I trade on UJ ?? I don't know)

30Mins, 15Mins & 5 Mins TF showing OVERBOUGHT.... But still it goes opposite way than my trades??

So sad !!! Hit my SL!! (Loss 17pips each trades!!!)

--- 帖子 #2123 ---
After this, I will have to avoid trades in JPY (So unpredictable)..

I'm still sad

But Life goes on.... I am still on the game.....That's why SL so important....

--- 帖子 #2124 ---
You should have been able to exit the first 2 bad trades at breakeven, the price moved enough in your favour to move the SL to breakeven I think

The third trade should not have been taken, the longer-term stochastics were both sloping upwards at this point

Andy

--- 帖子 #2125 ---
Thanks Andy B,

It was really my fault on those trades...

I don't know what I was thinking that time.... Maybe because the Friday 13th?? Hehehe... Just joking...

Past is past... I'll go on using this system to get back what I've lost.

Thanks for ur supports...

--- 帖子 #2126 ---
Hi.

I didnt trade this system before, so i have done some demo-trades for the past few weeks. The result is OK.

I have add ATR and EMA on it:

http://img440.imageshack.us/img440/3...jpyspotve7.png

So i will also make some trades here for the next week.

My pairs are mostly E/U, E/J, E/C, U/J and U/C on 5 and 10 minutes time frames.

zeuzera

--- 帖子 #2127 ---
Nice use of ATR zeuzera.  I was just wondering why you haven't put your stochs together in one window? By doing this it gives more room for the most important indicator - the price

--- 帖子 #2128 ---
I have some 22'' flat sreens.

On one screen i have open about 20 different chart setups.

When i have to take a position, i putt that certain chart setup on other screen and take a near look on it.

But you have right, on smaller screens that could be a problem.

zeuzera

--- 帖子 #2129 ---
Please, where I find the indicator "AVT"

Thank you

--- 帖子 #2130 ---
AVT = ATR (Average True Range)

For the german trader:

Auf die ATR programmierst du dann den exponentiellen gleitenden Durchschnitt.

Gruss

zeuzera

--- 帖子 #2131 ---
Sieht aber im Chart ganz Anders aus, hab mit ATR probiert, hat mir vielleicht doch den AVT

Danke

--- 帖子 #2132 ---
Ist doch OK.

Genau den gleichen Indikator habe ich auch nur dass du den letzten Freitag genommen hast und ich ein paar Tage früher.

Gruss

zeuzera

PS. sorry for the german in english forum

--- 帖子 #2133 ---
OK

Thank you

--- 帖子 #2134 ---
http://img384.imageshack.us/img384/5...vvvvvvvur0.png

--- 帖子 #2135 ---
http://img73.imageshack.us/img73/812...ccccccccw9.png

Not a perfect trade but 23 pips is OK

zeuzera

--- 帖子 #2136 ---
i live at gmt +7. catch a nice trade last night on gbp/usd. i think this system is great at tf 60m. the pics is attached.

http://img2.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/68bf029492.gif

--- 帖子 #2137 ---
here is another one, the same night (last night). a good setup happened on eur/usd. here is the pic.

http://img2.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/b599f1a08e.gif

--- 帖子 #2138 ---
this is a trade that i took yesterday. the stochs are just so visual that you can always know that it is a good time to take actions. i got 39pips for that trade.

http://img2.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/ff78f9d3f8.gif

--- 帖子 #2139 ---
Hi gant3nk,

I like your indicator on the price chart and don't recall seeing it in this thread. What is the name of it?

--- 帖子 #2140 ---
Hi too. I am using hama & hama bars indicators (free) from fxcruiser. I just love seeing colors changing. I am adding an alert (arrow+beep) when there is a stoch cross on 5,3,3. It's not big deal actually, it is just there to keep me awake

there is a MA too. when the price goes below the MA, it is down trend. and vice versa. Again, give me a decision support of what to do next.

my main indicators are stochs which rules are given by boxinglife.

--- 帖子 #2141 ---
Nice Going Gantenk..... Good for u....

I have to gain confidence again, because sometimes I have become impatient to put my trade & then I put trade at wrong timing.... Another thing last day I confused with TF 5m & TF 15m... then put trade against the trend.... then I chased the trade.... Losing a lot!!....

BTW, which TF you use to actually see the trend, the cross & the trades?

Looks like u add the Haeken Ashi Indy there....

Good Luck Gantenk ....

--- 帖子 #2142 ---
i have been reading this whole thread for 2 weeks and i still dont get this system very well

could you please post your template here? i would like to download it

--- 帖子 #2143 ---
for the past 3 days, i've got assignment outtown. hardly can online and visiting threads. do you interested on the template? okay, i'll post it here, but not now. i really have a deadline from my boss. i even cant do any trade right now. sadly.

ingridk, which part that you still dont get it about this system? i am also a starter, and perhaps i can share you a bit. anyway, boxinggg...where are you dude?

--- 帖子 #2144 ---
im here man

post pictures or questions and ill try to help

been very busy myself. some family from out of town and some new big clients that i trade for

--- 帖子 #2145 ---
ingridk, here you go, my template. have a try. hope you like it.

--- 帖子 #2146 ---
thanks,it will be very useful!

--- 帖子 #2147 ---
Hi ingridk,

This system is one of the first I had experience with when I started forex trading.

"Bringin sexy back" is a type of short-term trend retracement system. The slower stochs determine the trend direction, and the fast stoch (5,3,3) indicates where a retracement (pullback) has occurred in the opposite direction of the trend. After the fast stoch retracement has finished and it starts moving again in the direction of the trend you should enter in that direction with the expectation that the trend will continue. How long or how far is an unknown. This entry method is believed by some to lower the risk on the trade.

This is not a mechanical system, in that some experience with it definitely helps you determine the trades to get into and the ones to avoid. Boxingislife and others have shown many good examples of profitable trades in this thread that you can learn from.

Judgement gained by experience is important with this system. For example, a powerful trend wave may not give you much opportunity to enter on a small pullback - but if you can enter you can sometimes make good profits. On the other hand, a weak trend may offer a perfect setup for entry but may fizzle out without much movement. Keep working with the system and learn gradually and you will get better at seeing the difference.

Wishing you many great trades!

--- 帖子 #2148 ---
thank you a lot for the explanation ,i appreciate it

--- 帖子 #2149 ---
just now, i got 28 pips on GU. i am busy at office, but fortunately i spot a good setup. the pics is attached.   anyone, share/show your result please.

--- 帖子 #2150 ---
Here is a way to avoid some of the bad trades and get into more good ones. It requires that you wait for the right setups -- so you get to improve your dicipline and patience as an added bonus.

Logic: First look at the 4h chart of the pair you want to trade and wait until the slow stochs are oversold -- and both the 50,10,20 and 20,10,20 have crossed the 20 line upward, or the slow stochs are overbought and both the 50,10,20, and 20,10,20 have crossed the 80 line downward.

At that point you start looking for a trade on the 1h chart and simply apply the regular Sexyback rules. The 4h chart gives you the long or short bias you will use to enter trades in the proper direction.

Look at the first chart which is the 4h and notice the zone in between the pink lines. Notice that the slow stochs are in proper relationship and are going from oversold to overbought. This is the zone where I would be looking for long trades on the 1h chart. They don't quite make it to the overbought level, but they cross at the pink line on the right so I wouldn't take any trades after this point. I would start waiting for another ob or os setup on the 4h chart again then.

Ignore all the other lines and stuff on the 4h chart for now.

Ok, look at the 1h chart. Notice the trade entries marked with the turquoise lines and the pips that would have been possible. Very good indeed! It's important to note that trades were only taken in the direction of the stochs on the 4h chart (long). That means there were two other profitable trades skipped during the period in the middle of the chart when the stochs were trending down that couldn't be taken according to this rule. The higher probability trades are with the direction of the longer timeframe.

These four trades would have netted you over 300 pips, safely, in less than a week.

Take a good look at this example and you will understand the basics of making money with this system. All the trades don't work out this well, but a lot of them do. Sexyback is a great system, and this is just a way I have found to improve your probability of making more profitable trades. I hope it works well for you.

Dave

--- 帖子 #2151 ---
Hi gant3nk,

I wanted to show you a good setup that's perfect for using this strategy. I hope you looked at it and it helped you.

For some reason this thread has tapered off lately. It's still a very good trading system. You just have to be patient and wait for good setups. The ones like I showed happen quite often.

I think boxingislife may still be using it but I haven't heard from him in awhile.

Good luck trading,

Dave

--- 帖子 #2152 ---
Does anyone know what caused these spikes in the currencies? I don't see anything on the calendar for news around this time.  I got in on this long trade on eurusd.

--- 帖子 #2153 ---
This is not a spike, this is just a market reversal

--- 帖子 #2154 ---
Melpheos, good to hear from you again.  How've you been?

--- 帖子 #2155 ---
Very fine indeed

I'm working on a new strategy which gives very nice return (except when there is a big correlation that screws up my order like today ^^ ) and which is much more mechanical than Sexystoch.

As i have not much time with my new order (managing several customer servers with HP-OV, using a nice Avamar Axion server for backup and an expensive Symmetrix DMX-4 for file storage - you'd know the price for this you'd cry ) i had to turn to something that ask less screen time.

With this strategy i have more precise entry / exit and SL point.

My live account has not increased (well increase a bit but nothing really fancy) for a while now and i'm reluctant to take my money back directly to my bank account because tax are so huge here :-/ (minimum of 26% but the french IRS is not very clear about this)

--- 帖子 #2156 ---
I'm glad to see you're still in the game.  I'm an I.T. Auditor actually.  I'm hoping to one day make the jump from here to fulltime trading. I'm taking my time though, I'm not interested in going broke especially with the American economy the way it is.

--- 帖子 #2157 ---
great thread. many thanks.

--- 帖子 #2158 ---
at 10am today (gmt+7), i took a trade on usd chf. it seems a good setup, and i took it. a nice 23 pips.

the pics is attached. comments are welcome.

--- 帖子 #2159 ---
this strategy is working dude, believe me. Dave, you've shown a nice setup. I rarely see the 4H chart. I don't know, so far i am still confident on just looking the 1hr chart. but it is so true, that if the 4H shows a good setup, we can sure ourself that any signal happened on 1hr after that, always give u pips.

it is still a very good trading system. so easy on eye. yeah, patient and wait for good setups, as Dave said.

good luck guys, please share your result for all of us here. we would appreciate that.

--- 帖子 #2160 ---
I've always had a warm spot in my heart for this strategy.

The longer I trade the more interested I become in avoiding losses. I don't think you can do that with a screen full of indicators though.

The way I see this system logic is that you are trying to determine the direction of the swing by using the slower stochs and then entering on a pullback. In other words, finding a lower-risk entry point.

The more you can catch a move that is going in the direction of the longer-term trend the more profit you should make and the better your R/R should be overall. The longer term trend is where the money is imho.

By the way, Melpheos is on my short list of guys to trust in this business.

Thank you, Melpheos. Keep us posted on your new system.

Great success to you!

--- 帖子 #2161 ---
hi boxing and others,

this sexy tool is so powerful and i have faith in it. thanks boxing.

i trade on 5m and use 30m to confirm the trend but just look at the 30m stoch100(yellow) going up 50&20 are going down, the 5m stoch 120(yellow my own) is down. question is, should i trust the 30m 50&20?

please advise.................

million thanks

--- 帖子 #2162 ---
askce, i am not an expert (yet), but i'll to give my opinion based on what i saw. i think it is common rule that you should trust the higher time frame. in this case, it would be 30minutes.

about the yellow stoch (100), i think boxing use it only in 1hr timeframe and above. so in 30 minutes, i suppose we can get rid of it. again, cmiiw.

btw, why dont you consider using the higher TF, perhaps 1hr? so 1hr, 30m, 5m. just my 2 cent, i've never tried it, but the probability on having a good trade would be better, i thinks.

--- 帖子 #2163 ---
at 9.32 am (gmt +7), i took a trade on usd/chf. got +26pips. here is the pics.

--- 帖子 #2164 ---
before i took a trade (buy) on usd/chf, i took a trade (buy) on eur/usd. the market is not yet opened (far from open time), but i gambled because i spot a good setup, that turned me into LOSS. minus 46 pips on eur/usd.

moral of the actions: took an action only when the market is open.

--- 帖子 #2165 ---
Yes you should trust the  20 & 50 stochs on your 30 min chart. We dumped the 100 stoch line ages ago because its too slow.

--- 帖子 #2166 ---
hi guys,

thanks for the precious advices and from the bottom of my heart i'm so touched, almost wanted to cry. sorry for my input cos i only read from page 1 to 20 then i jump to 125 till the present page. thank you again guys bcos there is a sad story i wanna to tell.......back in my country, there was a beginner (me) trying to search for a sure fire forex strategy and through the research he found a local so call "Fxx forex" academy. they gave 3 promises. they said if u enroll the program will make sure is a easy learning even 3 years old kid can understand to trade just like A,B,C (1st promise). 99.9% sure win and short time to cover back the fees (2nd promise). few months closed follow up 1 to 1 basic call any time the trainer will be ready to mee u at 9-5pm to clear out your doubts (3rd promise). Fees about 3,000usd.

guess what? endup i have 3 broken promises which they really taught counting A,B,C wave whe

re i sitting whole day just chasing the trend like behind F1 car miles aways not even i could smell the smoke (1st heart broken promise). when i thought was the A,B,C then enter then you wont believe it entered 10 trade lost 11 which was plus the 2nd broken promise. so upset and call the trainer so the answer was you need to book for an appointment cos too many student to handdle where i waited 1 week then i explained i follow what had been told but how this happened........this brilliant guy: oh!!sir i need to check with my HQ not much i can do till further comformation (3rd broken heart). i just trying to say this place for is like heaven it has good people, great strategy, so easy to get advise and study material and for the most best part it is FREE....wow!!!! is really free man!!!!!!!

stop here too much bullshit ya...anyway just need your ideas. spotted gbpusd but no chance to enter but when i compared it 5m, 30m & 4h (took your guys advice) here i drawn the position where proven this is sure cooking method. do you think this pair is forming bottom on 4h and ready to rock?

lastly, big heart thank you....

--- 帖子 #2167 ---
here are the 4h.....too lazy to look at weekly....going up????

--- 帖子 #2168 ---
good job askce

seems like ur getting the hang of it

--- 帖子 #2169 ---
I made a trade today but it is a lose trade. Short ej. 20 and 50 were going down and i wait for the 5 cross then i place my position. but after that the trend go against me. Hmm...wondering why

--- 帖子 #2170 ---
Hi Lyra, as I explained earlier, you will have more winners and less losers if you are trading with the trend.

There is no way to be sure that you will have a winner when you place a trade with this or any other system. The best you can hope for is to put the odds in your favor. The best way to do that is to trade in the direction that price is tending to go anyway.

When you look at the 4h chart of this pair that I have attached below you will see clearly that the pair has put in a double bottom on June 30 and July 1 then continued on the uptrend it has been on since the middle of March. It looks to me like this was just a retracement to the uptrend line.

The lime colored vertical line is about the time you entered the trade you mention. The gold line is showing a strong uptrend. And the bold violet line drawn across the double bottom is likely to be strong support. Unless this pair trades below that line I would still consider the trend to be up and take only long trades. Also notice that the slow stochs on the 4h are sloping upward which is another good sign here that the trend is still up.

My point is that you should always be aware of the trend at least on the next higher timeframe and it will help you avoid being on the wrong side of a lot of trades.

Hope this helps you to more profitable trades.

pd

--- 帖子 #2171 ---
Thanks for your explanation. I'll be more careful next time. Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #2172 ---
hi everyone,

studying longer timeframe can gain so huge when i compared 1h / 4h....wow this so great i've never gotten so many pips. sorry guys 1st time seeing my account got more than 50 too excited.......but the waiting perior kinda killing......thank u again for all the people who posted comment and ideas and boxing, your gift is so wonderful and i got notting to pay back.

thank you thank you.

--- 帖子 #2173 ---
hi boxing,

would you share some ideas with me, when the market going sideway (4h & 1h) on 5m i noticed there are bunch of opportunities to sell strenght and buy on weakness when the 20 crossed the 4,2,2 1st pullback is the best time to go in?.......please give a thought for it.

thank you

--- 帖子 #2174 ---
Anyone still visiting this thread?? hello??

--- 帖子 #2175 ---
hi

I am new to this thread

But I have read the WHOLE thread from the beginning, haha

Because I like it very much

boxing is awesome, so are many other contributors

Thanks a lot

I demo traded the system for a few days, back tested it a bit, looks good

Then I go live with my real account (I was impatient I know),

well, huge loses unfortunately, maybe I didn't have enough experience with this sytem

then I gave up, *for now*

May I ask you guys who have success with this good system, what timeframes in what sessions for which pairs?

I think I traded too much pairs.. in too much sessions..

--- 帖子 #2176 ---
For those intesrested in Sexy Real Time aplication pls, PM me to join a trading room. It's for neviews but if you are a sexy expert pls come to the room and light us a litle, we have one expert two would be great.

Boxing still visit the thread but has a lot of work recently, so he cannot attend all the questions, and most have been ansewerd in the thread.

Goood luck and good trades...But you do not need luck if you are sexy.

--- 帖子 #2177 ---
I've had tremendous success with this system but of course Boxing himself did some one on one tutoring with me. I tend to trade only the 30m and 1h charts in the direction of the 4hr trend. My best trading times are during the London session BEFORE the NY opening. For whatever reason, things move a lot smoother during this time. I mean once the trend starts, it's good until the New York open.  As for pairs, this system works on any pair.

--- 帖子 #2178 ---
Just went short on this pair. Currently +2.  Classic slingshot trade with the 4hr showing short as well.

edit: Currently at +13

--- 帖子 #2179 ---
Another trade. Perfect setup here with the 4hr also down.

--- 帖子 #2180 ---
hi jd

thanks for your experience sharing and sample trades

I hope you grabbed lots of pips with those trades

Do you like the slingshot trades or the original sexy trades more?

I myself traded m15 and h1, I also wait for the confirmation of the next higher timeframes (well, at least make sure they don't show opposite trend to my current timeframe)

Do you wait for the candle to close before you enter?

This was what I did. That was often one big red/blue candles that gave the entry signal, after I entered the trade, the trend just reverses. So I wonder it might be a good idea to just enter before the close of the candle. But I am just not sure when is the best time.

I think I have mistaken something... Maybe I will try to post some of my failed trades to let you guys see what mistakes I made later.

--- 帖子 #2181 ---
always loved stochastic, easiest & purest indicator around  the 2 indicators come from Forex-tsd, the cluster/correlation & clock one (very impressive & you can change everything) you find here more info.

--- 帖子 #2182 ---
that is the most beautiful indicator I have ever seen

I am interested in how the cluster/correlation/strength are calculated, I will check the thread you provided later

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2183 ---
Hey guys, take a look of this and correct me if i am wrong. I see the first opportunity as sexy text book trade, supported by the fib 61 as double top. Here we can see a ABCD also, from 61 fib to 161 fib.

The other two make me doubt. The first sling could be supported by the rejection of fib 150 as a warning, the close below fib fib 161 as a entry and the break of previous week low (yellow line) as a confirmation; with a SL in 9605, first TP on the Fib 200 and second TP on 0.9474 -blue line and three previous weelk low.

The second sling could be supported by the hanging man and two matching highs in the three previous week low -blue line- as warnings, the break of hanging man's low as a entry and the penetration of fib 261.8 as confirmation; with a SL in 9480, first TP on fib 261 and second TP on 9325, orange bold line,and previos month low.

Now is clear to me but believe it or not, last week i was stoped out two times with a loss and one at BE traying to pick the bottom. I am so damn newvie

--- 帖子 #2184 ---
great analysis forexcompa

see there is no need to try to pick bottoms when u can easily catch the pullbacks in any trend

keep it up

will reply to ur email tomorrow

--- 帖子 #2185 ---
Can anyone please tell me what's wrong with this trade?

The signal is given at the vertical line.

H4 stochs are all oversold and flat, so I suppose it is a up trend in H4.

And in H1, the timeframe I trade, 20 and 50 are going up with 5 being pulled back.

I thought it would be a nice sexy trade. So I entered after that big bull candle closed (entered after the vertical line). Then, as you see, the trend simply reverses after I enter...

Any mistake did I make? Or, is there something do not look good enough in the signal?

Many thanks.

--- 帖子 #2186 ---
simply a failed trade

u did good analyzing

but the trade just didnt work out

one of those trades that fail

so dont worry

--- 帖子 #2187 ---
Thank you for your response boxing. I am trying to get more familiar with your method before I trade live with it again.

What's your opinion on entry timing?

Do you enter before or after the candle of signal close?

After reviewing some of my trades, it seems to be nice to enter before the close. But I have to forward test it a bit to see if it would generate too much premature signals.

--- 帖子 #2188 ---
Hi dreamtrader,

Could you please tell me how to get the H4 stochastics show in H1 chart? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2189 ---
hi lyra,

you can use the attached indicator

set the TimeFrame to 60 for H1, 240 for H4, etc.

hope this helps

--- 帖子 #2190 ---
Thanks a lot!Have a good day!

--- 帖子 #2191 ---
You are welcome

It is a good night here, I guess it is in your place too

--- 帖子 #2192 ---
I'm taking this trade based on the fact that the 4hr is in a downtrend. There is a minor pullback on the lower timeframes (30m) and it looks like it's about to resume the downtrend since it's coming up to a resistance line. There is plenty of room for it to move down between price and the support line. I'm entering when the 30M gives me a signal.

--- 帖子 #2193 ---
Just went short off the 30M signal.

--- 帖子 #2194 ---
I'm out at +60 pips.

--- 帖子 #2195 ---
Hi jdcompute,

I notice that there was important news(AUD) coming out soon after you place the trade, don't u worry about the news will affect the movement?Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2196 ---
I definitely do. I was just telling someone that right after I placed the trade, I checked the calendar and saw that. Otherwise, I wouldn't have put on the trade. I don't trade around news. I guess I got lucky this time. But to answer your question, yes I do worry about the affect news has on the trade.

--- 帖子 #2197 ---
Here's another one, same trend as the 4hr.

EDIT***:  I exited this one at +31 pips. I actually set my T/P and went to bed and woke up to a profit.

--- 帖子 #2198 ---
anyone in the chatroom?

i decided to drop by but cant find the room

--- 帖子 #2199 ---
I went short at the vertical line for a nice +50 pip profit.

--- 帖子 #2200 ---
4 pairs : G/J , E/U , G/U , A/U

and more than +210 pips

almost all setups of stochs look same

keep up practising stochs

ur results will be great

--- 帖子 #2201 ---
today morning these 4 pairs gave me +570 pips

remember guys trade only great setups with hi TF and ull do just great

stochs are very stressless if u use 1D, 4H and 1H

--- 帖子 #2202 ---
i can see a 20-10-10 and a 5-3-3 but what are the settings for the third stochastic?

tks,

--- 帖子 #2203 ---
there is no third stochastic , that blue+red is one stochastic (blue is main and red is signal) --> 20,10,10

and the other one stochastic is 5,3,3

if u want u can use 3 stochastics but there is no need of it

with time and practise u will see how third sts can act and u dont need it on chart

but ...

third sts is sometimes usefull , sometimes u can say how stron trend is if u see how far is one from another stochastics.

i now my english is weak but i hope can help to explain something

--- 帖子 #2204 ---
tks,

you made your point.

--- 帖子 #2205 ---
Has the chatroom changed names or been moved elsewhere.  I can't seem to find it?

Dion

--- 帖子 #2206 ---
http://img142.imageshack.us/img142/2...chfspotcm9.png

It coul be very nice chance.

--- 帖子 #2207 ---
Short EU...15 minute chart...

--- 帖子 #2208 ---
Hi,

I hope some kind soul are still around. Attached below is a 5M AUDUSD chart, with both 20 & 50 already crossed the signal line. Do i go short when the 5 Sto crossed down from the overbought zone? Pls kindly advice as i'm still on the learning stage.

--- 帖子 #2209 ---
it was 11 hours ago so is not actuall but ....

1) make sure sts on higher timeframes are in trend u want to follow.

[ i trade on 1D , 4H and 1H , it means : first i check 1D looking for trend

tips , later i try to find good setup on 4H , and then look at 1h to open]

If you trade on 5min , first u should check 1h , then 15min and open when 5min is in good setup (follow setups on 1h and 15min)

Using higher TF (timeframes) u get more probability to success.

U should not trade using sts without checking daily trend (1D , 4H )

It is too risky

I would not trade setup which u post.

It wasnt enough good setup for me.

But this is just my humble opinion

Ask questions , upload charts , we will do our best to help u

I live in Poland , CET [ UTC+1 ] , so time of me reaction is usually during CET [european time]

Try to upload 2 charts or even 3 [ 1h , 15 min 5min]

--- 帖子 #2210 ---
Hi Guys,

Is this a good setup to short EURUSD ? Both TF on 15M & 30M are showing down for Fast Stochastic.

--- 帖子 #2211 ---
Hej , it doesnt look like good setup.Look that trend is very strong up.Slow sts are overbought for a long time.They did not cross 80level so fast sts maybe not work well.It could give like 5-10 pips , but it is very risky setup.I would not trade it.

--- 帖子 #2212 ---
Hi,

Does this look like a setup to short soon as H4 both fast & slow Stochastic are pointing down but H1 TF is not clear yet. Comments?

--- 帖子 #2213 ---
The Aud/Usd pairs looks like a nice sling shot set-up.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2214 ---
Hi,

Care to explain the term sling shot?

--- 帖子 #2215 ---
Like a catapult. Pull back on the elastic rubber band and release the projectile.

In this case, the trend is down. That upward retracement is like an elastic band being pulled back waiting to be released. When the 5.3.3 stochs went down and passed 80 level, release the stretched rubber or short the currency.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2216 ---
Hi,

Does anyone still use nonlag indicator to confirm entry?

--- 帖子 #2217 ---
typical sling shots

very powerfull and almost 99% of success

the same rulez are when is uptrend and slow sts remain under 80 level and fast sts regulary points up , making newest highs.

--- 帖子 #2218 ---
Perfect example

--- 帖子 #2219 ---
First post. Great thread Boxing. Look at this 5min slingy that just happened...NICE.

Edit:Obviously after the other good stuff!!

& Nice bounce off that 365 MA too....

--- 帖子 #2220 ---
Came around again nicely...

--- 帖子 #2221 ---
zeuzera posted this chart a few days back where the ATR and the EMA of the ATR were shown in the same window.  I think he's using it as a volatility indicator.  I would like to know more about exactly how this is used since sideways markets make for bad trades

so:  are we looking at the slope of these guys or are we looking for the ATR to cross up and over the EMA to show icreased volatility?  I think this could be a useful indicator for many systems.

http://img440.imageshack.us/img440/3...jpyspotve7.png

--- 帖子 #2222 ---
Hi,

I am new here and have been reading this thread for last 2 weeks and have finished it today. I started demo trading today and am attaching my first trade. I have one question on this trade even though it is running +56 right now.

When I entered the trade on 1hr the 20 Stoc was still above 50 Stoc, so was this a setup that I should have avoided. I had a good support of H4.

Please provide your feedback to help me learn this method properly.

Thanks

Vijay

:Limited out at +100 pips

--- 帖子 #2223 ---
Are you sure the 20 was above the 50?   It almost appears as if the colors on your 20 and 50 are reversed?!  Please let me know because, yes, the indicator as shown would not support the trade I believe.(caution, I've spend about the same amount of time on this method as you!)

--- 帖子 #2224 ---
Hi,

I have verified and I have 20 stoc in Blue and 50 stoc in red and in the trade posted earlier EURUSD sell 20 was above 50 (my charts show signal line as per Melpheos template.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2225 ---
Vijay,

The 20 and the 50 show you the trend direction.  Although it is probably ideal to have the 20 below the 50, your example clearly shows both lines in a downtrend.  I am pretty sure Boxing said in earlier posts this is an acceptable trade if you have confirmation from a higher timeframe.

D

--- 帖子 #2226 ---
Thanks D, I'll try to demo trade more setups like this for confirmation.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2227 ---
I better read the whole thread again!  I find it tricky to get a high percentage of wins even with the 20 properly crossed against the 50 and going with the trend!

If using the 15 min 5,3,3 stoch pullback/reversal for entry, which other timeframes do you look at for confirmation of at least a short term positive trade?  I would think 4 hour not as important as say 5 and 1 minute so that you don't get immediately stopped out.

A previous poster thought that the 4 hour was important ie: a bounce off the 4-hour Bollinger band into the direction you plan to trade (off the bottom if you want to go long) increased the success of the system.  I am just trading micro lots but I would like to find a way to trade this system so that I get high % of winning trades so that I can trade bigger.  I don't need to make 100 pips, just get + pips more often than - and I'll be good (isn't that what we all want!)

--- 帖子 #2228 ---
Forexweasel,

If on the 15min I would look up to the 30min and 1hr to make sure I have nothing strong moving against me. It seems that the more in line the timeframes are one has a better chance of success.

D

Edit:  And keep in mind that on the higher timeframe the faster stock will resemble the slower stoch on the lower TF.

--- 帖子 #2229 ---
dd4x, you are correct.  I found this from boxingislife on post #58:

."..the main thing is for the 20 or 50 to cross the signal line in a specific direction.  it doesnt matter if 50 is above 20 and trend is up.  the main thing is for both of them to have crossed their signal line up or down thats the main way to confirm the trend."

This is an early post and I think signal lines were abandoned later on, but I still kling to them.

I've started to print out this entire thread to study it in more detail.  I know this is the best system, but I still have trouble spotting good trades in real time.  I think my habit of keeping charts zoomed in hinders my ability to see the stochs and their slopes properly.

weasel

--- 帖子 #2230 ---
Weasel,

Yeah, I have the tendency to zoom way in as well. The larger view does seem to help.

See the GBP/USD now? Might break.

Edit: Looks like it may be a slingshot trade....

Edit2:  Not a big move back.  Volume dropping.

--- 帖子 #2231 ---
dd4x,

I see on the 15 min a possible slingshot, perhaps this is the next one after your post. I found this set up to be the least risky for me:

I have the 20, 50 and 100 all on the 15 I also have a MTF stochastic for the 5 in magenta on the same window. When the 5 (green) crosses its signal line back, I go in, but only if its in the same direction as the magenta which is the 5 stoch on the 5M, that way I dont get that friggin annoying instant drawdown that sometimes happens as soon as you hit the buy or sell button.

This has me getting about 75% winner or thereabouts. I'm still experimenting with micro lots. When I'm sure its a good system, I'll probably try mini lots for a while and slowly migrate up the risk ladder to full lots. My goal is to find a system that lets me easily net 10 pips per day, even if I have to go in for more than one trade, using 10 lots per trade. $1000 per day...I can live on that.

The bottom window is a volatility indicator based upon the ATR being higher than its EMA. Its not right now, so this will be a low return trade in any case.

--- 帖子 #2232 ---
This was supposed to be with the above post

--- 帖子 #2233 ---
Weasel,

I think it may be better if you have a higher TF stoch imposed on your 15min chart stochs (I may have to add that so I don't go back and forth).  I think it may serve you better to see that you are not going against the longer term trends.  I was looking at the 5 min TF this morning when that big move hit, and I looked up to the 15 min to see that it was headed in the same direction.  That was an easy 200 pips if you stayed in.

Just my 2 cents.

D

--- 帖子 #2234 ---
Are you talking about something like another MTF of the 5,3,3 of say the H1 on my M15 chart?  does this provide more trend info than the 20, 50 & 100 currently on my M15?

What was annoying me was getting in at the 5,3,3 crossing the signal on my M15 only to instantly drop 10 plus pips cause I didn't have that Magenta MTF stoch from the 5 telling me it was also in my direction.  Of course I'm looking at the 20, 50 and even 100 on the M15 for trend.

FW

--- 帖子 #2235 ---
Weasel,

Yes...put the higher TF fast stoch (30min or maybe 1hr) instead of the 5min.  I actually check the 30min and 1hr for both fast and slower stoch visually to judge how my TF will likely move.  It's good confirmation of how the bigger picture is affecting my smaller TFs (up, down, sideways).

There was also that indicator someone had that would show green symbols or red symbols to show if multiple higher TFs were in your favor.  I never used it, but I may have to look into it.

D

--- 帖子 #2236 ---
dd4x

I do have this guy (stochbars) on my chart, but still have to get better at reading it.  So if this indicator showed stoch strength on the 1 hour (middle bar green = crossed up and trending up between 20 and 80) it will support my 15 minute trade?

It seems hard to get everything all lined up just right for a good trade.  I'm getting very close to have a positive expectancy system and am in the tweaking stages so any helpful advice is of course greatly appreciated.

In the past I've tried the spudfyre MTF stochs but it was just too complicated and the set up appeared much less often than the boxingislife or even a genuine slingshot setup seems to appear.

weaselator

--- 帖子 #2237 ---
This one is even better!  arrows to show up down, can put more than one of these in a window and set each to different stoch parameters as well.

by the way, these stoch bars made by CJA at www.forex-tsd.com.  He is the indicator bar genious!

--- 帖子 #2238 ---
I'm not understanding what you're saying. What do you mean the "Magneta MTF stoch"?  By the way, 10 pips a day using this system is a cakewalk  ..that should give you some hope in reaching your goal.

--- 帖子 #2239 ---
forexweasel,

I had great success with the Spudfyre system. In fact, I barely ever lost a trade. The thing was that it took forever for the signal to come around but it was almost 99% guaranteed to work out for me. This sexy system is incredibly visual, and as you say it appears more often. If you can be patient and take the good trades, you'll do well. I've been with this system for a while now and got some one on one private tutoring with boxing so I've got this thing down really. If you trade on the 15-min charts, you should do well but you know it's easier to get whipsawed on that timeframe. I tend to trade off the 30m or 1hr charts. Most often I'm on the 30m charts because I'm a little too impatient for the 1hr although Boxing himself trades the 1hr and 4hr charts mostly.  To be completely honest with you, I pull in at least 200-pips a week using this system easy.  When I'm trading, I check the 4hr chart first to see if it is  flat or in opposite direction of my 30m charts. If not, I'll pull the trigger if all is well.  I'll begin posting some charts again for everyone.  I hope you guys participate so that we can keep the thread alive.  Good trading all. Post charts, and comments because I'm on this thing ALL day long and most of the night. I live in Texas so I'm on central time.

--- 帖子 #2240 ---
One other thing that was not mentioned too much except by Melpheos and by Boxing to me.  Don't get your charts overly cluttered with indicators. Concentrate on reading the stochs and seeing how they respond to price movement.  If you get too many indicators on the charts, you'll get distracted.

--- 帖子 #2241 ---
I've been demo-ing for almost 2 years different strategies, but this one fits my character and trading style like a glove. I think STO's are the best.

I am thinking going live with it. Is anyone using it live? Which broker would you recommend for this strategy?

Thanks,

KT

--- 帖子 #2242 ---
JD,

Good to see you posting.  I've been reading this for a few weeks, and it appears to have gone pretty quiet (just as I get up to speed!).

This system seems pretty solid, and I have been having pretty good luck even while working full time.

What times are you trading these days?

D

--- 帖子 #2243 ---
Hi,

I have observer in last couple of days that when I get an entry signal (for sell) on H1, 5 stoc in 15min and 30 min is near oversold region, what should I do in this situation, should I go ahead and enter or should I wait for 15/30 min 5 stoc to go up and cross down again? If I wait for 15/30 to pull back and give fresh entry by that time H1 5 stoc is nearin oversold.

I am confused by this scenario, please guide me.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2244 ---
FXLearner,

JD can correct me if I am wrong, but I would be looking to the higher timeframes for confirmation instead of the lower.  If on 1hr screen, look to the 4hr/daily.

D

--- 帖子 #2245 ---
That is correct, look at the 4hr/daily if trading off the 1hr.  Try to avoid counter-trend trades that run against the 4hr. You may squeeze out a few pips but in the long run, you'll get steamrolled

--- 帖子 #2246 ---
JD thank you thank you thank you!  This is probably the only confusing part of what is otherwise a very elegant and otherwise easy to trade system.  Just so you know, I have read the whole thread once and recently started printing it out so I can study and highlight it.  That will take a while

OK, I have these questions for you:

look to longer time frames for confirmation.  If I'm trading 15, the one hour should be in the same direction?  What I found happening to me is this:  15 was good 5,3,3 overbought/oversold opposite the 20 and 50 (either they were trending away from the 5,3,3 or pasted up in the margins) so that when the 5 crossed over, I went in.  Unfortunately, the 1 and 5 may not have been with me at that moment.  So I would immediately lose the spread plus 10+ pips and sometimes get stopped out.  What I was trying to do was come up with a relatively sure fire way to nab 10 pips at a time so that I can trade multiple lots and really make a living at this.  So either:  15 min is too whipsawy anyway or my stops are too tight or I should trade 1H with larger stops and take a valium for any drawdowns before it moves in the direction of the longer trend.  I hope this makes sense.

Also the "magenta" stoch was a MTF 5 minute 5,3,3 stoch overlayed on the boxing indicator of the 5, 20, and 50 of the current time frame.  So I though that if my green 5 crossed over and the 20 and 50 confirmed the trend that I would peek at the MTF 5M 5 to make sure it wasn't overbought/oversold in the OPPOSITE direction just at the moment I pulled the trigger, cause that would mean an instant drawdown of several pips over the spread.  I hate that!

Thanks!!

FW

--- 帖子 #2247 ---
JD regarding the 99% success with spudfyre, which of the systems are you referring to, escalator to pips, the one with fibs, etc.

On the boxingislife thread, I seem to do best with a true slingshot trade, but this is not his "favorite' trade which is a stongly trending 20 and 50 stoch between the 20 and 80 lines.

So of the above, exactly which did you find most successful, by that I mean least likely to produce  a losing trade or big drawdown?

gracias

--- 帖子 #2248 ---
I tried the system with fibs only a couple of times and won 2 and broke-even on 2 so I dropped that one. The escalator to pips is the one that I was referring to. I think my max dd on that system was 15 pips with a max profit of +80 pips.  What I like most about the Sexy system is that you don't have to worry about picking tops and bottoms. You may miss some pips because you're not jumping on the first part of the move but it's consistent profits that we're all after right? so as long as at the end of the day we're positive, that's all that counts. Never cry over missed pips.

--- 帖子 #2249 ---
Correct!

So which boxingislife setup to you prefer, strongly trending 20 and 50 stoch with a 5 stoch pullback crossover, or a true slingshot: the 20 and 50 pasted against 0 or 100 with 5 crossing over at the other extreme?

do you still use the yellow 100 period stoch line or throw that one out?

Maybe you could give an idea of your thought process of your most common trade, ie:

-look at 4 hour

-drop down to 1 hr

-look for trending long term stoch

blah blah blah

so that I can better understand and emulate your success.

200 pips per week. Dude!

show us the way!

--- 帖子 #2250 ---
Getting kinda late in the trading morning but this may give up a few pips if it sets up right.

--- 帖子 #2251 ---
JD

Just looked at that trade you said was setting up.  The M30 5 minute stoch may also turn down from oversold to back up the M15 chart - the 1H less robust pullback of the 5 stoch but may turn down around the 50 line.  Is this the type of higher time frame support you are looking for when entering a trade on the 15?  thanks.

FW

--- 帖子 #2252 ---
I'm not sure I understand what you're asking but that 15m setup didn't work out. The 30m and 1hr looks to be setting up though. My 4hr chart shows a sexy setup right now but I'm holding for a better setup on the smaller timeframes to avoid the drawdown.

--- 帖子 #2253 ---
JD, here's the chart, I believe this is the trade you saw, I did enter at the down arrow, but there is no volatility here and as the 5 stoch approached oversold, I whimped out and closed for +3 pips.

So my question is, why is this not a good trade?  The twenty and 50 stochs are trending down, but it looks like they may have both just crossed over their signals (do you even look at these crosses anymore?).  Is there another reason this trade didn't set up properly because this is the stuff I'm trading!  3 pips - not so good.   Also, since you need some volatility to make pips, is there an indicator you use for that?  Thanks. again.

FW

--- 帖子 #2254 ---
Nah  I wouldn't have entered on that signal you got. here's the one that I'm in on..

--- 帖子 #2255 ---
JD

I see the great set up, but was there enough volatility then to nab any pips?  I've been searching for an indicator to tell me when its volatile enough that you can see some movement.  I'm now looking at bollinger band width.  Does volatility play a role in your entries?

fw

--- 帖子 #2256 ---
I ended up having to hold that trade for a while longer than I normally would but I got +18 pips off of that one since it was so late in the day. And yes, what I'm using is ADX to measure volatility.

--- 帖子 #2257 ---
can u upload charts with examples?

How do u interpret adx to be sure it is HI volatility ??

I never used it before and im not sure if i read it correct.

--- 帖子 #2258 ---
I'm a little busy with work today but will upload charts as I can. As for adx, I just make sure it's trending above 25.

--- 帖子 #2259 ---
Hi,

In this attached chart is AUDUSD setting up for a sell trade (sling shot) when 5 stoc crosses back down? My only concern is the pair has not retraced enough. H4 is still supporting this.

Please comment on this.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2260 ---
i have shorted this pair from two days ago and keep adding to it.....for me as long as u stay with the trend from bigger tf it is alright......even the drawdown is big but bigger tf usually gives pips equal to it.....

"trade with trend,something goes wrong trend will save you,trade against trend,something goes wrong,say bubye to ur position........"

using this setup for quite sometime now....

never touch 5 or 15 mins...if u want to trade that tf make sure it doesn't against the trend from bigger tf.....

and MM of course......

--- 帖子 #2261 ---
I agree ,

aud/usd is getting very nice slingshot

it can be profitable short.

--- 帖子 #2262 ---
Mine looks like whipsawed at the moment. Trend may continue south to Fibzone 987. Lets see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #2263 ---
actuals result of series shorts :

almost +840 pipis so far

+25p aud/usd so far

4h is stronger than 1h , so slingshot is more probably

--- 帖子 #2264 ---
Oleevier, awesome results....

I noticed your stoch different than mine. Do you always use these numbers? Did you come up with them and did you find they work better than those recommended earlier in this thread??

Can you briefly go over your trade paradigm that allowed you to nab these pips?

ie: check 4H first then 1H, then blah blah blah

I've reached a point of overanalysis and trade paralysis made worse by a 50 pip hammering on what I thought was a good trade but apparently I entered too early (my first 1 hour "sexy" trade). TRADE ANALYSIS/PARALYSIS----too many stoch, too many time frames is there a simple approach for mentally challenged traders such as myself.  Please enlighten.

FW

--- 帖子 #2265 ---
Ok , i will bring closer all i know and try to explain how i use it.

Im not very good in english but i will try

now im making diner for my wife

after that i will write some explanations

--- 帖子 #2266 ---
Very impressive results. Notice your setting is different from the original thread settings. Are your 4.3.3 and 35.10.10 set at close/close?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2267 ---
can someone comment on which of these is most important say when looking at a single timeframe with this system:

20 has crossed the 50

20 or 50 has crossed their signals

5 is overbought or oversold

5 has crossed its signal

trying to get all the above lined up on multiple time frames seems almost impossible.  It has to be easier than this.

FW

I thought I had this down, but trades are getting pretty sketchy lately

--- 帖子 #2268 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2269 ---
Great job dude!  One thing I like about this system is that it forces you to be patient and not overtrade. Although I was watching the 30m eurusd charts on yesterday and I couldn't believe how many opportunities there were!

--- 帖子 #2270 ---
There were some nice setups this morning.  I was looking at the 5 min with 15 min as confirmation.

--- 帖子 #2271 ---
i wouldnt take that trade , i trade only on high TF (mostly 1D,4H,1H)

and dont like to stress trading on small TF .

but ...

Slow sts on 15min are trending down , only fast was trading up , when u found nice setup on 5min.

Im really glad it worked for u

Good job , but it was too risky for me.

anyway congratulations

next post i will write will be about my settings and setups and trading

--- 帖子 #2272 ---
Gotta do what suits you....

--- 帖子 #2273 ---
ok , lets work a little bit

im sorry i did not write it earlier (after dinner) but i went with my friends to play soccer.

Did not play like 3 months and ii was getting tired so fast and regulary

I mostly use 2 settings of sts.

1)4,2,2 and 20,2,10 (got this settings from melpheos, this guy brought here , in this thread a lot of wonderfull job and gave us a lot of good paths)

2)my 2nd settings are :5,3,3 and 35,10,10

right now for me is doesnt matter which i use , i know sts very well and like them a lot.they are easy to use.

When u will use them longer time u will feel same i do

My "strategy" :

i look at 1week and 1Day ; it gives me view of trend (long trend , i very often keep positions during whole day or even week or 2weeks)

I dont use SL and TP (maybe it is not good idea and im not supposed to share this informations but i dont use it)

when i keep positions during whole days , somethimes i have -50p or even -200p and after day or few days i got +200 or +400pips.

But i see on 1week or 1D chart that it will go in my direction.

It makes trading stressless and profitable

for me is important trend! i never trade agains that.

sometimes i dont open new positions day or 2 because i dont see enough good setup.

Dont like to risk and loss. so i keep no trading , but later when i see good setup i got much more pips so it is good recompensate for not trading days

So when i know trend (slow sts are very CLEAR pointing up or down and same is fast sts on 1Week and 1D) im looking for fast sts on 4h and 1h.

and this is my entry.

Very often when i open positions it was retracement , and in hour or a few hours i got -50 or -100pips , i draw fibo on 4h or 1h and check when is hi probably retracement to end , and try to open new position like before.

This gives me 2 times more pips and bigger chance to not get loss.

because if it not drop to make my first positions in profit i will get profit from second positions (it very often recompense loss from 1st positions)

and i can close 1st with small loss and 2nd with bigger profit.

Or if i was right i got profit from both positions [mostly very big profit]

and it is worth risk

uffff i wonder if somebody will read it , hope it is not boring.

sorry for my english , im just polish

if u have more questions just ask i will try to answer.

atachments :

some actuall examples - makret is closed.

1D is clear DOWN , 4h is getting nice setup.
[ i checked 1week and 1month too , there i see : 1month great down trend , and broken up trend on 1week - no need of more confirmations]

i know weekend can bring some changes , but i know it is strond down trend.

i opened sell positions.

even when market will open and i will get -100p I belive it will go down.

sometimes we need to wait to get profit so this is reason i dont use SL and TP.

I close positions when i get profit i like [which is enough for me]

sometimes i trade on 5 pairs.

1st i close with -200p because market went in wrong way and im sure it will not return ,

but 4 other positions i close with +600p or more.

overall im in nice profit

im not afroid to close lossing positions when i see it is nothing i can do with it

but i use high TF it is rare to not be profitable after a few days

i remember pair i had -600p and did not close it , after week i got +300p.

i just opened in wrong time but i was sure it will go where it was poiting to.

--- 帖子 #2274 ---
Oleevier, thanks for taking the time to post your winning strategy, its a great help to those still struggling.  Thanks again!!

--- 帖子 #2275 ---
Could someone kindly write a code for this indicator to show the % up or %down on the whole

--- 帖子 #2276 ---
4h doesnt look well , but 1h is ok , and we can have regular bearish divergence on it

what do u think ?

--- 帖子 #2277 ---
That doesn't look like a valid Sexy setup to me. Besides, wasn't the market closed around that time?

--- 帖子 #2278 ---
yeap , it doesnt look like sexy sts setup , but on 1week trend is very strong , on 1H is divergency so it was very early sign that this move can be very nice

Today morning i closed this position +200p.

And closed whole last week trading with result +1700pips.

screenshot was taken at 2am today before nice wave down.

i dont like tradind on monday. today we will know if it is time for some retracemnt or most pairs will drop much more.

Guys stick to sts and use it all the time , when u will find only good setups u will make nice money  and do it very safe and easy

for me stressless method is what i was looking for , and sts is that method.

--- 帖子 #2279 ---
This was a nice setup that went over 100 pips.

--- 帖子 #2280 ---
4H still is poiting down

+ wonderfull and clear setup on 1h ... i dont need enything more to trade

right now this setup gives me in 2 positions over 400 pips

yummy

--- 帖子 #2281 ---
Hi oleevier,

Thanks for sharing your results and strategy. I'd really appreciate if you could post the screenshots of a perfect setup including your weekly, Daily, H4 and H1 charts. This will help me understand it better.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2282 ---
with this kind of setup, i believe, maybe we are going to see a drop for 300 - 400 pips in this coming few days or weeks.

we may have shooting star, the stoch is turning downward, weekly chart also showing down movement. hopefully, something good will come out of this setup.

GJ and UJ almost have the same setup.

--- 帖子 #2283 ---
S,

That does look nice.  Has a nice pinbar as confirmation too.

--- 帖子 #2284 ---
yes! i got it right

most of the pairs turn to the south. i think, the shooting star confirms the trend. looking for more bearish movement.

still trying to master the technique in lower time frame. always get caught with only so-so trade. not the best one...

--- 帖子 #2285 ---
guys, where are you? melpheos, boxing.. every one. have been busy huh these days?

--- 帖子 #2286 ---
http://img205.imageshack.us/img205/8947/gupg0.gif

--- 帖子 #2287 ---
When I was working for myself(graphic design)contractor at home I traded the 4hr and utilized the 5m for entry, taking no more then 10-30 pips a pop, I was hitting a fabulous .760 for 8 months. However, 4 months ago, I took a day job and trying to catch a rhythm has been difficult. Just seen the nzd/usd rebound from a morning slide and jump a 100 pips, off the 5 min and 4hr it was a pretty move but only if you had the time to focus on the charts...there is an old saying, "You can only serve one master"!!! Now that im divorced and free, next year i'll pay homage to a new master!!! lol

--- 帖子 #2288 ---
Still 'round here but as i trade mainly on daily now (overloaded with Just Over Broke (JOB) ) i'm reluctant to trade stochastic.

I'm more focused on fibs, divergence and turtle strategy.

--- 帖子 #2289 ---
totally true!! however sexy stochs are sexy, no doubt!!!

--- 帖子 #2290 ---
new years eve fireworks, a scrumdelicious move on the 5m...and the .5 and fibs are omnipotent, lol...

funny, me 4hr MT4 is still toast after that spike last week but utilized the Stochs 422 for a quick pop

--- 帖子 #2291 ---
Happy New Year everyone

the thread is quiet because the system requires patience which is unpopular. I chat less in the forum these days and like melpheos I also use other pa based techniques. Having said that, The sexy stoch indicator remains in my tool box. I was happy with being able to take some pips from the NFP release with this signal on the 15 min eur/usd chart. Horizontal lines are pivot points.

--- 帖子 #2292 ---
check this out ...

a lot of chance it will work , i enter early and now have +32p

at the morning will see what will happen

--- 帖子 #2293 ---
right now is +162p and +147p

so ... sexi sts is the best

i hope guys u got these easy pips

--- 帖子 #2294 ---
look at this forming setup

if it will work , it can give even 300+ pips.

right now we can wait for 4h retracement , or it will be strong move down with no retracement

last trade i post was over +300 pips in 2 positions

--- 帖子 #2295 ---
Look at this forming setup

if it will work will give 500-1000 pips or more

long time trades , even a few weeks

--- 帖子 #2296 ---
same with G/J pair

a lot of oportunities to make easy money

--- 帖子 #2297 ---
signals i post made :

eu : +120 pips (and will be more) just wait

chfj : +90 pips and will be more

g/j : +300 pips

----------------------

8 hours = more then 500+ pips

easy pips ,

hope guys u took these trades with me

--- 帖子 #2298 ---
watchout for trendline support. Take some profits but if it breaks, look out below!!!

--- 帖子 #2299 ---
About EURUSD...

This is the start of a good year i guess

edit : i have removed my fibs extension for easier viewing and anyway after a certain level of gain i removed my TP :-p

--- 帖子 #2300 ---
Let's see if it just goes on...

I dont really like the PA with the doji and hammer but i'm up 50% with just this pair so i'm ready to lose 2% on this trade ^^

--- 帖子 #2301 ---
Look like i should have kept my previous SL...  Well 46% on my total equity in one month on one pair is not bad after all ^^

--- 帖子 #2302 ---
Hi everyone,

I am very confident that the ''sexy stockastic" is a sound system,my main issue is to find the right SL/TP .

I stay with the original set up on 15 min. TF.

A 15 pips SL is often to tight ,and on the other side i have to take at least 15 pips to keep a good profit/loss ratio.

A 20 pips SL do not get often hit but 20 pips TP reduce considerably the winning percentage.

Is anybody has a sucessfull SL/TP set up on 15MIN. time frame only ?

--- 帖子 #2303 ---
may be you want to check out few other indicators

Like ADX, WPR, Aroon.

I found is above three indicator will help you to better understand what the trend will be.

--- 帖子 #2304 ---
Just read the whole thread and thankyou to you all (Boxing,Melpheos,M.A.C Doug, Jd compute, Oleevier) and all those Ive forgot.. Looks like a fantastic system and logical reasoning behind it all.. Gonna read all again as a little confused to what the present indicators are (I've got a folder with tons of them in!!), but will start with the basics and build on that. Really cool thread.  and look forward to posting some positive pip results soon once I know it inside out.

--- 帖子 #2305 ---
not forgetting moonchild..! cheers all..

--- 帖子 #2306 ---
thats great

Regards

--- 帖子 #2307 ---
Took your system Live over the past 3 days and banked an easy 150pips using 15min and confirming with H1 and H4. Cool. Now, i don't want to fix what isn't broken in anyway but would also like to also look at sexy stochs with tick charts that you mentioned earlier in the thread. I use IT Finance so have access to these. When setting up the 3 charts eg:150/350/750 should I use the stochs on these just as I am now, but use the 150 tick chart for entry with confirmation from the 20,10,20 and 50,10,20 on the 350 and 750 tick all being in sync.

Am I 'sort of right' in feeling tick 150/350/

750 is like using time based charts, but its referencing to volume instead of time in effect?

Would you also recommend the original stoch settings for this setup eg: 5,3,3 / 20,10,20 / 50,10,20.

cheers, hope all is well..

Jon

--- 帖子 #2308 ---
usd/jpy, got easy 15pips. the vertical red line is where i took the trade, and blue box is where i take profits.

--- 帖子 #2309 ---
same trade

--- 帖子 #2310 ---
got 19pips on usd/chf 1H time frame. vertical red line is where i took the trade, and the blue box is where i took the target.

happy pipping.. i did these 2 last posted trades in live account.

--- 帖子 #2311 ---
take 10-20, trade the opens and your an eternal allstar (however .333 will not work)...over swing here and the bush leagues might not want ya!!

Thought  I should add this, shorted USD/CAD at 1.2862 was up 50 plus and thought I could get a little more (I'm a glutton), WRONG...before putting on my worker bee costume I manage to close wit 17 pips ugggg!!!!!

--- 帖子 #2312 ---
i'm trying this method ..

think that it's quite easy and good..

will post results later..

--- 帖子 #2313 ---
Thanks a lot Mister Boxingislife !

Regards

BBF

--- 帖子 #2314 ---
Hello everyone!

How are everyone going?

I wanted to say that i like stochastics very very much!!!

This system ir very interesting and cool

Are there still live duscusion going?

--- 帖子 #2315 ---
hi evry one here

i want to say realy this system is so so nice,

i hope there is more talking about it, i started to use it with some extra tools, i trade synergy method when combineing this system with it it gives me very good trades, i also modified synergy with some tools to clear the trend and so on, i hope i can share thoughts with u guys

i use trader dynaminc index + the sexy stoch window + waddah atar explosion with new settings

thnx for every one here...

--- 帖子 #2316 ---
Hello

Sorry to ask again, do you drag the actual window on top of eachother or the line itself, I still dont manage to have them 3 in the same window

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2317 ---
Aneliane,

it's really simple. boxingislife said it...

put in a Stoch indicator in a chart as u would any indicator. then DRAG ANOTHER Stochastic indicator anywhere inside the 1st Stoch's chart window. do the same for the third Stoch. this applies to almost any indicator available.

Hope u finally get it working.

--- 帖子 #2318 ---
hey guys, im a new member on FF, although i've been reading these forums for a few months as a guest. I have been very interested in this strategy created by boxingislife.

I came across this strategy a week back, it really does work. After reading through the entire thread and looking at all the different indicators i decided to only trade based on the original settings (on page 1) that were set by boxingislife. i backtested the last 3 months on GBPUSD ONLY and it has around a 75% success rate based on the last 3 months (i will backtest it more). But if it is highly successful in a volatile economic climate and is also successful in a good economic climate such as 2007 (when the thread started) it really shows an adaptive system. i was surprised that it wasn't rated 5 stars.

Here are the rules i trade this system on:

Only take perfect/good setups as stated in the beginning, on 15M time frame (because i have time to look at charts)

Take Profit : 30 pips (after 20 pips, move stop loss to breakeven)

Stop loss : 40 pips

you guys might think that this is a bad reward/risk ratio, but it seems to work well on this system due to high rates of success, this method paid out on average 500 pips a month only on GBPUSD.

Would be great to hear from boxingislife and melpheos and see how they are doing and if they still trade this method. This thread deserves to be brought back alive, will post some trades that were setup recently and ones that i took also.

Attached is a trade i took today.

--- 帖子 #2319 ---
Another trade i entered today on EURUSD

i entered slightly late because i was away from my computer, if i had entered on the close of the candle indicated by the yellow arrow i would have hit +30 pips. Still it hit +20 pips and moved my stop loss to breakeven...a free trade.

Success with any strategy, including this one...involves the right psychology. If you follow the rules 100%, you will be in profit. Here is some maths. Say this method had 60% success rate.

(Therefore, hypothetically)

10 Trades

6 x 30 pips = 180 pips

4 x 40 pips = 160 pips

180 -160 pips = 20 pips profit.

with 70% success rate (as it has achieved over this so far this year)

7 x 30 pips = 210 pips

3 x 40 pips = 120 pips

210 - 120 pips = 90 pips profit.

Consistency is in the mind.

--- 帖子 #2320 ---
Thank you for your answer supreme chaos but sorry I am using FxPro Metatrader 4 demo and there is no way to take and drag an indicator from a window to another

What system are you using?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2321 ---
here is how to do it on metatrader.

1. create one of the stochastic oscillators as normal so that the stochastic window shows at the bottom of your chart.

2. go to navigator -> indicators -> stochastic oscillator

3. click on the button stochastic oscillator and then drag into the first stochastic window

picture attached.

--- 帖子 #2322 ---
Hello, i am a trader from Lithuania and me too trying this method, it looks very nice to me

You are write we have to bring this method back to life again!

I will post my trades too,  to show was it good setup or not and to discuss it  together

Nice peeping!

--- 帖子 #2323 ---
here is a trade im currently in, aim is again 30 pips. i changed the fast stoch to (4,2,2) from (5,3,3) as i've noticed it gives slightly earlier entry on moves, will post later how the position went. I only like to take trades in gbpusd and eurusd as they aren't so volatile pairs and are more reliable. Again perfect setups.

Edit: made a loss on the position, it happens....

--- 帖子 #2324 ---
Bravo...brewski on me!!

--- 帖子 #2325 ---
Hello, as i said i will keep posting my trades, so hear is the one i took today.

I recognised a triangle wich as i think is a continuention pattern, also there was as i thought a ""sligshot"" forming so i got after the close of marked candle, after soem time i got my SL hit  at + 40

p.s. as you can see there were better entries earlier, but i missed them

p.s.s.  what do you think there the EUR is heading?

--- 帖子 #2326 ---
Stochastics work well on the 5M chart if you can take the pace of it...here are 3 trades that could have been taken 2day. with 5M charts i would change my Take profit to +15 pips and my stop loss to 20 pips as it is a shorter timeframe. So far today there were 45 pips to be made.

--- 帖子 #2327 ---
Hello, yeag nice trades on 5 min chart, but i didnt get them, because i was sleeping

I checked the chart and noticed that first trade you took , wasnt it too early? I mean dont you wait for the corss to form and candle to close?please explaine if you dont mind

I am really excited this this method, and i think the main thing is - LOOK FOR PERFECT SETUPS!

--- 帖子 #2328 ---
he knew the trend was up and it was some devilish resistance...I would have took this without even using the tech set up(cross), price action was perfect for a good bounce

--- 帖子 #2329 ---
Hello again, now i see  i wasnt looking and thinking about trend and resistance

please people who are trading this method post soem examples

Boxingislife are still somewhere hear? Join us!

--- 帖子 #2330 ---
Piping4life  how could i contact you?

--- 帖子 #2331 ---
hey guys,

sorry with the delayed posts, im doing a thorough back test of the slingshot strategy. i've done a 1 year backtest based on the 15min Timeframe and now doing a 6 month backtest based on the 5min timeframe to see which method is more efficient...the 15min timeframe has given wicked results . After i've done the backtest and figured out the preferred method i will trade that consistently, if ur interested in seeing the backtest let me kno and i will post it next time.

zajcik i shall message u mate. Btw will try n post some more feasible trades.

--- 帖子 #2332 ---
Ok, another trade i took, but sory for the delayed post, i was a little busy and a little lazy

ok, actually there were two good trades on 1H timeframe but i took only the first

I took the first trade after the close of the marked candle, all i can say this was great setup : both 20 and 50 are heading down, 5 is pulling back and then forms a cross. Bu my entry was a little early, before the corss, because i was thinking this is a perfect setup + not bad candle formation + that candle was on 23.6 fibo level, so i took the trade and it  was nice

p.s. people if anybody are interesting it this system and are trading it, please post your charts, lets discuss it together to benefit together

--- 帖子 #2333 ---
Hi pipping4life

I would like to see your results and which pairs are best to trade

thanks in advance

Terry

--- 帖子 #2334 ---
thats some nice work you guys are doing. Remember to include examples of your losing trades as there is much to be learnt from these

--- 帖子 #2335 ---
Nice to see you M.A.C.Doug

Ok. i will post losing trades but i can say that i am not very long trading this strategy and didnt got any loosing yet but i think its only luck, because you cant be 100% accurate

Ok this is the trade i took and got a little scared because of price moving not like i would like it to move    dont be too judgy i am not a profesional yet

So i got out with +12  but its nice to be + a little rather that be -  alot

p.s. i got in a little early , u think i should work on it - not to get in too early

p.s.s.   yeah, and one more thing in future i will be posting examples with support of higher timeframes. It would be very nice if al who post charts , would explaine their SL , TP and   support of higher TF if anybody is looking at it

--- 帖子 #2336 ---
ok will post backtest results in a few days, TRUST ME backtesting 5 Min timeframe for 6 Months takes ages, so far so good....i shall post some losing trades wen i see them, on average there is about 1 losing trade out of every 3/4 winning ones, M.A.C Doug i see that ur fav book is also Trading In The Zone, the book completely changed my perspective of trading and i have now taken a different approach to it, before i was making silly trades and lost a considerable amount of money (more than half my account), but now with proper discipline and sticking to one trading plan (sexy stochastics) i have slowly recouped some losses, however will only start trading again properly after im done with the backtesting.

The backtesting i have done is for GBPUSD alone and it provides a good enough return on investment to not have to trade any other pairs! Although u can be adventurous and try out other pairs .

Will post results soon!

--- 帖子 #2337 ---
I do not know if I did meationed in the thread, but anyway, using other indicator to help you well better to see the trend is heading

Aroon, and WPR, also ADX do help you to see the trend better

--- 帖子 #2338 ---
ok, mtupers i will check the indicators, what settings do you offer for aroon?

--- 帖子 #2339 ---
ok guys,

i've almost finished with the backtesting, done backtesting this method on the 1H timeframe for 1 year long, 15M timeframe for 1 year long and the 5M timeframe for 9 months...the results are unbelievable seriously! just shows that this sytem is soo good. post back 2moro with the results.

--- 帖子 #2340 ---
Hi piping4life!

I cant wait for the results!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #2341 ---
Hey people, how are you!?

I want to post the most perect signal i ever had   I mean just look at it and say this is sexy!!!

I entered after that shooting star came   andexited then 5 started coming from oversold

--- 帖子 #2342 ---
Mmmmm.... Sounds good !!!!!!!!!!!

Please post the results also how long did each of this backtests take ?

--- 帖子 #2343 ---
Hi,

Just wanted to add that in the last chart i posted shooting star formed also on 61.8 fibo numer - the golden number     So it could be like a little confirmation

bye

--- 帖子 #2344 ---
hi guys, i've finally done the results!

OK first i must say that this took me a long time to do, atleast a gud 5-10 hours.

The results are for the 15 minute timeframe, the 1 hour timeframe and the 5 minute timeframe....the results are very very good, with really good returns, before u trade this system tho u shud do some sort of practice or forward testing because u have to be familiar with valid setups, after doing so much backtesting i have familiarized myself with this system.

This is a perfect example of a system that will give u an edge over the market, it is up to you how u manage your psychology in order to make this as profitable as it can be.

many thanks to boxingislife for creating this method, it could pay off for many years to come.

The rules of the trades are within the spreadsheet however there is some discretion in this system and at the end of the day it will give results based on how u trade it, the backtest is based on taking perfect trades of the system.

good luck guys!! i hope u make many pips

p.s i am going to start trading this method like a robot from 2day onwards and will post some chart examples and also whether my account is growing or not.

pipping

--- 帖子 #2345 ---
oh forgot to mention that, the account value is the amount i would use, u can change the account value and it should automatically update the amount of profit u make and the amount u trade (this is based on spreadbetting) as i spreadbet, the amount risked per point is based on 2% of capital.

--- 帖子 #2346 ---
Very fantastic results!!!

Great jobe pipping!Thank you very much for your contribution

Did you got my PM?

p.s. does anybodie whatching charts i post?

--- 帖子 #2347 ---
sexy! I like the use of the candlestick for confirmation. This was an A class signal in my book. I think Price action is still king even with this strategy. While I am waiting for signals I still do the normal ta using fibs, trendlines,  old support/resistance, previous day high/low and pivots. This system works so well because it is a trend continuation system and if you get a signal after a test of resistance or support your stop is safe as houses and you can risk more on these trades.

Hey pippin,

Thanks for taking the time to backtest and sharing your results

Just wondering how you determined the stop loss and take profit parameters you used in your backtest? Im assuming you are referring to london time or at least gmt, is that correct?

--- 帖子 #2348 ---
hey m.a.c. doug, ur right it is between 8am -12pm GMT as i live in the UK also the highest chance of success because of the UK and US trading hours, i dn't like trading the asian session as much because it doesn't tend to have as much movement, i also need to sleep .

the stop loss and take profit parameters are based upon the opening of a position which i would do from the close of the confirming candle in GMT time.

--- 帖子 #2349 ---
That is correct me to like to do classic TA, i also like very much candles, dont know how people manage to trade with bars, but i think it doesnt matter then you are get used to it

--- 帖子 #2350 ---
Hey people. look at that and tell me what do you think!

I think something is going to happne tonight and tomorow, i think we have to be waiting for some good signal on lower timeframes, because daily looks promising!

Tell me your opinion

--- 帖子 #2351 ---
Hi Pipping

Thanks for results, I notice that there are not may trades on 15min, looks like avereage of one per day. (3 per day on 5min).

Could you post a few screen shots of trades taken, trades rejected as this would help my understanding.

Sorry to keep asking and not giving

regards

Terry

--- 帖子 #2352 ---
on the 5min or 15 min? i currently trade the 5min as it has a higher chance of returns.

--- 帖子 #2353 ---
5 min would be great

thanks

Terry

--- 帖子 #2354 ---
ok, people, as i say yesterday it happened, the eur/usd felt down nicely

I want to post some trades , after it happened

the first trade also has a divergence, so it could be as a confirmation, also not bad candle, so nice trade.

the second is a little more of trend line break trade, also was nice, so enjoy the chart

--- 帖子 #2355 ---
Ok, this is the trade i took at night, because daily was about to fall down, 4h started to go down so everything was not bad and idecided to get early entry on 15 min.

I put my SL under the recent hight as i thougth, it was scary trade but it worked out

p.s there was also a little divergence so it was like a confirmatiomn

Second trade i took on 5 min, also because i wanted to get early entry, and then tiny consolidation formed on 15min, ((( i marked it blue ))) i jumped to 5 min chart and found good entry

enjoy,

i like this system!!!!!!!!!!!

Pipping4life  please post your charts, how is going your trading?

p.s. please, people post your charts and especialy bad trades!!!!

--- 帖子 #2356 ---
hey zajcik, im liking the use of other Technical analysis with MTF aswell. I've noticed you trade mainly the EURUSD? thats a good pair, i'm more of a GBPUSD trader myself, you only need one currency pair to make enough pips a day. im glad the trade worked out for you.

Here are 3 trades i took today on my live account, i took them purely on the basis of the 5 minute charts without multi-time frame analysis, although it is great, the backtesting i did was purely on the timeframe chosen with no other timeframe involved.

2 Wins (the later two trades) and 1 Loss (the first trade) which gives me a net profit of 10 pips, will post any others today.

hope this helps guys!

--- 帖子 #2357 ---
Hi,

Nice trades

Well what i also like about this system is that if you get perfect setup on any timeframe you can go with it   Everyday i like this system more and more

Pipping4life   what TA are doing?If you can tell more how you analyze MTF.

About pairs:  i like two pairs  eur/usd and gbp/usd    but right now more time watching eur/usd  . I think if we want to gain maximum amount if pips we can monitor several pairs, but it could be very frustrating also, so i think  i will just monitor my two pairs on different TF, and just glance at others , who nows maybe i will spot some good setup

And yeah posting charts definetly helps. In future i will try more detaily explai why i took one or another setup i think it will be much better that just posting and showing good setups

Bye!

--- 帖子 #2358 ---
here is the last trade of the day and week,

market was moving sideways, opened a position as signaled and the market was close to my stop but it never hit, took the opportunity to close the position with +12 pips to end the week.

I used to previously analyze MTF but now with this method i've just been trading it on a single time frame, its powerful enough to do that. My technical analysis is just support and resistance with a moving average for the trend as i feel that they are the best way to measure price action with good accuracy, so i will look at the hourly s/r and the daily s/r and see if the trade is conflicting with a support or resistance. however due to the natue of a 15 pip take profit in the middle of moves, it usually has no conflict.

enjoy the weekend guys! i like reading about trading psychology over the weekend , which helps with the week's trading.

--- 帖子 #2359 ---
great info and documentation...im at the 9-5 studying your chart and  I even compared the 4hr/Daily with the 5min and no doubt this is a great setup for that 10-15 pips since the 4hr/Daily at that time didn't confirm any extra pips. I commend you on sticking to the system and taking the 12 pips, such mental fortitude!!!

--- 帖子 #2360 ---
Hello people, one more nice setup on cable 1hchart.

As I said earlier i will try to post MTF charts and say why i took the trade and then  Comments are very apriecieated!!!!

So, as you can see the 4h shows move down. After that I go to 1h chart and wait for the setup and hear we go, hear it is - nice and good setup

Both 20 and 50 going down, a consolidation is formed so I enter on the open of the marked candle. Exited the position on those two yellow marked candles - I didnt liked them, and, yess, i know maybe i should have moved my SL to BE and wait a little - that would be just great, but you know there will be more good setups and 28 pips is very nice goal

Bye

--- 帖子 #2361 ---
Hello again people

Want to post trade i took recently, take a look. The picture on 4h is the same as it was - DOWN.

I went to 30min and saw that a consilidation is in place, so i entered after line brak, take a look   I am trailing this trade with an trailing EA.

Bye

--- 帖子 #2362 ---
Is anybodie hear?

--- 帖子 #2363 ---
Good timing but after such a long move i would personaly have been reluctant to take this trade.

--- 帖子 #2364 ---
hey,

im glad the trades worked out well zajcik, how was 2day's day?

here are three trades i took today, all three won for an overall profit of 45 pips. just have to have confidence in wat u trade.

--- 帖子 #2365 ---
Hi Melpheos!

Nice to see hear again

I know it was already a big move, but i got a confirmation from higher TF so i went and it worked out not bad  i am still a beginner so i have to learn alot

How are you going? How is your trading?Do you trade full time now?

--- 帖子 #2366 ---
Hello,

No trades today for me because i wasnt home all day i was visiting my grandparents

I agree that you have to have confidence in what you trade! Write now i want to read a book Trading in the zone i have heard that it is very great!  did you read it?

p.s. what BB paramtres do you use?

--- 帖子 #2367 ---
Not full time yet but i'm getting close to it... I want a large cushion of 2 years of my current salary to start trading full time. Allready managed 6-7 months so i have some more time to go.

--- 帖子 #2368 ---
Nice to hear that you are getting close to it

What about me - right now i want to gain alot of knowledge on trading that is my goal now, i am reading alot, also practising

Did you read a book Trading in the zone?

--- 帖子 #2369 ---
Hi All,

very good system for high probability trade.

Can anyone give a failed example & why they failed, as indicator show one way the price go the other.

Not to discredit the system but to be aware why some signal may confused traders.

Thanks a million

Have a great day making $$$$$$$

--- 帖子 #2370 ---
Hello, nice to see new people

As all the systems it gives failed signal, as i said earlier while trading this method i didt got failed signal yet but i know i will

Read the whole thread i you wil find bad signals, i think pipping4life posted one of his bad trades also.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #2371 ---
Thank You for reply my message.

My apology if i offended you or other in this room.

I will look for bad signal and learn to identify them, so that I can take high probability trade.

Thanks Again & best of trading days ahead.

--- 帖子 #2372 ---
Attached 4 hours GBP/USD Chart

Is this a good short set up ?

Thank You

--- 帖子 #2373 ---
Hi,

You dont have to apologize, everything is ok, but i recomend you to read whole thread and you will learn alot

What about this trade, i think it is good short forming but i would wait for the 1h to confirm it. Same as you i am still new man with this system and forex at all i am stil learning and gaining experience.

Take alook at EUR same picture there

--- 帖子 #2374 ---
just took a short on that setup(Aud/Usd) quick 15 pips...however the Daily was sending bad vibes the whole time I held this, to hold for anymore then 15 pips one should let the 533 truly break and confirm some sort of trend...but then that daily?

--- 帖子 #2375 ---
Hello !

This is the trade occured on Cable. 4h was showing DOWN. The 30 min looked nice and  i took it  I aso liked it because of nice candle pattern occured and i entered after it. It could be better but i got stopped out +30.

I have to work on my trade managing

--- 帖子 #2376 ---
hi..

sorry my english is bad what mean
signal lines??means?

--- 帖子 #2377 ---
Stochastic is composed of two lines. A signal line and a MA based on the signal line.

--- 帖子 #2378 ---
Hello people i have an idea!

Lets post one chart and everybodie exam it, m?

For exampe somebody posts the charts it doesnt matter he took the trade or not, and lets discuss both good and bad signal, m?

Tomorrow i wil post one and maybe we could start?

p.s. if somebodie wants - please post throw the night

--- 帖子 #2379 ---
this one was a no brainer

1. price in uptrend bounces above the central pivot

2. reversal candle followed by an inside bar as bollinger band 20 sma support holds

3. inside bar breaks and sexy stoch triggers

I took this signal with a stop placed below the central pivot and targeted a 1:1 risk reward. I did not take the next signal as the candle was to big for my liking. At the time of  writing, that trade also would have paid equal to risk if the stop was placed below the trigger candle

--- 帖子 #2380 ---
Hello M.A.C.Doug!

Good trade and combination of confirmations

I took similar trade, but i can say that it wasnt the best, because of the time of the day......take a look....

I took it from that point because i thought i would be a nice early entry, because 1h 20 and 50 there heading up and 5 pulling back, also 4h was starting to  raise and a double bottom was formed on it , but as i said earlier - time of the day and assian session...

So you can see there i put my SL and TP, ir worked out but i think in future i have to avoid risking like that, what is your opinion?

One more question to you, how you handle the news?Do you read all news before starting tot trade?

And what Moving Averages do you use?

Bye

--- 帖子 #2381 ---
hi guys

i will try and post some trades later, i have my yearly final exams so alot of revision is being done! its sad because it leaves me with less time to trade .

i've read trading in the zone twice and its an eye opening book, it has helped me be a lot more disciplined about my trading. before i was quite pessimistic about systems, by this i mean i'd take a few trades and if lost more then i would scrap the system without giving it a chance. Now after reading the book and studying this thread i feel that its a gud system and just need to stay disciplined.

--- 帖子 #2382 ---
Great, i want to read that book but i dont know if it is in russian, because my russian is better that english

--- 帖子 #2383 ---
Thanks for posting your trades for us to discuss

you used the 4h to get a directional bias and you were paid for your correct judgement, well done! often you can get a very clear picture from the higher time frames. You then went to the 15 minute and entered without a good signal on that time frame and so your timing was off. This system is primarily a single time frame trigger with the longer time frame analysis already built in ( 20 and 50 stoch lines).  Fortunately your entry was still a good signal from the 4hr chart and played out perfectly on that time frame.

I check the calender to see what releases are due as big releases  cause consolidation  prior to the release and its often better not trading. I do read news stories but try not to let opinion, even my own, interfere. We are technical day traders. I am only interested in what price is telling me.

they are a different system and dont play a big part at all except direction confirmation. They are a weighted 5 and a simple 8. I would have been better off  just focusing  on sexy stoch quite frankly.

--- 帖子 #2384 ---
here is a good signal I took during asia today on the 30 min chart. the sexy stoch signal occurred at the close of doji reversal candle, I love it when that happens and shows how good our so called lagging indicator is. Again plenty of confluence going on for a confident entry. I took the screen shot just prior to my target so you could see my stop and profit levels and that the trade was real

--- 帖子 #2385 ---
took this 30 min set up. Its a  breakout trade and they often turn into fakeouts especially pre london. It needs to make a new high of 1.3220 to reach my target for a 1:1 risk/reward. Ive risked 1% of my account on this trade which is my standard account risk per trade. I think it is a good idea to post trades when they are entered rather than after the fact. Better still, call the trades in advance

--- 帖子 #2386 ---
Target was easily and quickly achieved with price targeting r2 pivot. that makes 7 in a row and 5% account increase in two days. Where were you guys?

--- 帖子 #2387 ---
currently watching this set up forming on the 15 min.

EDIT: bugga, there was a chart here showing the trade setting up, I swear

--- 帖子 #2388 ---
trade entered with tight stop and tp

edit: trade won quickly and easily adding another 1% to account (see second chart}

A good trade called in advance but no one was here at the time, never mind, anyway that is how I trade the system. A single currency pair on 15, 30, and hourly timeframes. 8 trades no losses for a 6% return in two sessions. Thats as good as it gets in my book. Big thanks to Melpheos for sharing his alert indicator which helped me get the trades without screen watching for hours

--- 帖子 #2389 ---
hi MacDoug

I notice that a few of your recent trades dont have the 50 or 20 sloping significantly(or at all) in the direction of your trade...were these then slingshot trades..or some other setup?

L

--- 帖子 #2390 ---
Hi lindsayf, thanks for your inquiry and the opportunity to share my view.

although as a sideline I  do watch price action  and was able to determine that an uptrend was in place, from my perspective, the set ups were perfect slingshot set ups. The 20 and 50 were in overbought territory above the 70 level. The correct interpretation of the indicator when it is like this is, that we are now trending very strongly, making these set ups ideal sexy stoch trades. The 20 and 50 lines can remain overbought/sold for a long time during big trends and the slope is not important under these conditions. This interpretation is taught by boxing within the thread and will be confirmed by any experienced stoch watchers. They also showed up with melpheos' alert indicator as scenario 2 valid set ups so Ill rest my case there

P.S I know my case is rested but did I mention 8 out of 8 wins?

--- 帖子 #2391 ---
thks for the explanation...makes perfect sense... it was the slopes that threw me..but of course that isnt relevent in those zones...

I use the 80/20 to define the overbought/sold levels...choice I suppose.  wonderful stuff..8 out of 8!

something I have noticed just experimenting with some of these set ups is that the signals on tick charts can often contradict a time chart...ie 200tic vs 15 minute.  Has anyone here used tic charts and are they known to not be particularly reliable for sexy stoch signals...cant think why that would be the case ??

--- 帖子 #2392 ---
very nice trade maybe share your tempelte?and indicator on your chart...thankes

--- 帖子 #2393 ---
Thank you for your answers M.A.C.Doug

I also read yout thread about line break and i liked it

Tomorrow going to rusisan library to buy a trading in the zone in russian if there is this book in russian...

As for today i wasnt trading, because was in university all day

p.s. you are write it is better to post trades when you place whem it is more real.

p.s.s. about that trade - it was really great, dont forget about 20 BB sma as resistance  also want to add that that was one of the most perfect trades ever , because of following reasons : all 5-3-3 stochastic on all tmeframes were up at your entry point

--- 帖子 #2394 ---
Just wanted to congratulate you for that trade it worked out nicely

--- 帖子 #2395 ---
this was my last trade of the session, I went to bed soon after the entry. price had moved quite a bit during the last two sessions and now needed another breakout above the R2 pivot. I thought that was unlikely on a friday. It was a low probability trade from my perspective

Why did I take a low probability trade?

1. It was a valid set up

2. who am I to call the probability of a set up?

3. I have excellent profits from 8 consequetive wins

4. I can protect my gains using Money Management

5. I  wanted to show the system can lose

6. Trading is not about being right

The losing trade is highlighted in blue. Notice the size of the loss compared to the recent winners. There is no need to be GREEDY, I didnt need any more profit. I didnt like the trade so I only risked a small amount on it. Using money management I was able to overcome FEAR and pull the trigger on a valid set up, knowing it wasnt going to hurt me. Understanding this is more important than any other aspect of trading

I had a lucky run, The market broke out and trended up and I was able to ride it using this trending system. I trade conservatively and safely because I know the market is completely unpredictable and each of those entries could easily have been losers. If so - I would have preserved 95% of my account and been ready for the good times returning. Win or lose, it was good trading and that is all that counts

nah..zip..ahh.. ALL THAT COUNTS!

--- 帖子 #2396 ---
You'r welcome

--- 帖子 #2397 ---
HI Melpheos, old friend

I get what case 1 and 2 are but could you please enlighten me what case 4 is? I cant make any sense of those set ups and I cant find the relevant info anywhere

--- 帖子 #2398 ---
These are hyper overbought/oversold situation when a reversal is likely to occur.

I think i have put the default setting to 95 and 90 or even higher. I did not work a lot on them.

After looking your chart i see something strange. I have no idea why this signal (circled in red) is showing on your chart

--- 帖子 #2399 ---
M.A.C.Doug could you please share your Pivot Points indicator?

--- 帖子 #2400 ---
I thought you would never ask! bear in mind that this indicator does not show m levels. These levels are the exact midpoint between the pivot levels and are valid S/R levels. I prefer less lines on the chart and find it easy to keep these hidden levels in mind without having more lines on my chart

There is the occasional signal that I cant explain but mostly the alerts are accurate. Thanks for the explanation of scenario 4, ill have a play around and see if I can handle  trading that case scenario

--- 帖子 #2401 ---
Just for the fun of it

If you'v lost money today, stop trading

--- 帖子 #2402 ---
Thanks very much, i wil try to implement it on my chart and trading

That wil be very intensive week to me because i got so many lessons and exams at univeristy, wish me luck

--- 帖子 #2403 ---
I like SEXYIES the most

--- 帖子 #2404 ---
Hey guys...wow...what a great (and long  ) read this thread is!  I haven't been trading forex for long - I believe I started in Sept 2008.  Many months of demo, followed by live - which went with varying success.

After studying this, I decided to try it this morning and throughout the day when opportunity rose.  Honestly, I'm a bit surprised at how well it worked.

Granted this is just day 1 for me, but no losing trades and I netted 110pips today on GBP/USD - long positions through midday EST and short later in the afternoon.

Sure, I left some on the table...but still learning this strategy and followed it to the "tee".

Thanks to all the folks that have contributed here...

Jay

--- 帖子 #2405 ---
as of 3:45 pm pacific coast time, I am officially retired...JK

fabulous opportunities this moon-day!!!

--- 帖子 #2406 ---
Just thought I would share the EUR/USD daily chart as I got an early warning alert from melpheos' indicator. another down day today will complete a sell signal on that timeframe. This chart looks very bearish to me and could spell the end of the recent rally and another leg down as risk aversion returns. Price failed at a test of fib resistence and opened the day below the central pivot. Yesterdays down move was quite large and profit taking may cause tradable retracement on the lower timeframes. A failure to break lower will create a bullish 123 bottom chart pattern  but the current bias for me is down

--- 帖子 #2407 ---
Ive taken this trade on the hourly chart as it lines up with my short bias from the daily. Time is 5.00am london time. Price has currently broken out south from the m2 pivot asia consolidation and the trade is doing well. entry was at 1 3310 with a stop at 1.3333 for a 23 pip stop. My target  is 1.2960 for a 40 pip profit and a 1:2 risk/reward, Price is currently testing previous support/resistence level at 1.2990 If it can push through the target should be easily achieved

EDIT: Trade lost, false breakout, 1.2990 support held. I was going to take half off at that level but I was too confident. I love it when the market humbles me these days because it only costs me 1% my account

--- 帖子 #2408 ---
hmmm

M.A.C.Doug thankes for sharing your templete please say what mean the number of the chart (1 2 3 4)?

sorry my bad english

--- 帖子 #2409 ---
Please read my signature, all you need is inside plus http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...2007%2010:23am

might be outdated but i have released the code so if you can read it, it is pretty clear.

--- 帖子 #2410 ---
I watched the market for over 14 hours yesterday trying to catch the breakout. I was very patient and only took 2 positions and both were fakeout losers. The market broke out into an uptrend after I went to bed and I completely missed it.

I just took this signal today when I got home from work (yesterday  I was rained off). I was a little late but I liked the look of the way price broke the R1 pivot. Heres hoping this uptrend has still got some legs. Im going to hit the couch

EDIT: A winner - less than 1 hour trading

--- 帖子 #2411 ---
this 4 hr chart shows a trendline break with a sexy stoch signal forming on the 8.00am gmt candle. The candle still has 2 hrs to complete. My bearishness on tue has flipped to quite bullish if this break holds. I will be trading this signal on the completion of the 4Hr candle if its still a green light

EDIT: False alarm. no green light here, price has formed a pinbar retesting the trendline and erased the stoch signal (see second chart)

--- 帖子 #2412 ---
Clear as mud.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2413 ---
Just entered this trade. We'll see how it turns out...

Edit #1: Stop moved to BE - 2 pips below most recent swing low.

Edit #2: Stopped out at BE. On to the next one...

--- 帖子 #2414 ---
My technical view for oil dictates that the current uptrend in commodities is to continue for some longer time, however, for sure we are nearing the end of this nice trend relative.

Have a good trade today.

--- 帖子 #2415 ---
greetings all..

came across your forum, and am now reading it.

been trading stoches for a while now, and love em

fast question

I am looking for an indicator similar to the pix below... with 4-5 TFs

any help would be appreciated if someone could point me in the right direction...

thanks
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #2416 ---
duflingy,

Check posts 2237 and 2238 on page 150 of this thread.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2237
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2238

Hope this helps.

Alex

--- 帖子 #2417 ---
i don't hear no one saying how powerful trades r when using 9ema 34ema, they are great to ues tooo

--- 帖子 #2418 ---
They are pretty good for ranging markets yeah.

--- 帖子 #2419 ---
I found nolagMa v7.0 repaint itself , I observed it at m1 .

if it is a repainted indicator ,it should not be include in sys

--- 帖子 #2420 ---
I think you are wrong because i have just tested it on M1 on it's not repainting.

Can you point out on what pair and what time you saw that ? (screenshot)

Anyway i dont use it anymore. It's nice first but when you are trained to read the market, you dont really need so many indicators anymore.

--- 帖子 #2421 ---
Everytime you think you finally found and put together a trading setup that you are comfortable trading with, along comes another trader that makes yours just look so complicated. Incorporating this into my "strategy". Thanks all for contributing.

--- 帖子 #2422 ---
nice setup forming on the monthly chart of usd/cad for a buy

--- 帖子 #2423 ---
i would not even look this one for obvious USD fundamental reasons.

--- 帖子 #2424 ---
OK , I prove it for you ,how nolag ma repaint itself

see pic ( pic order is   pic3  pic2 pic1  , so please see last pic first)

--- 帖子 #2425 ---
SO nolag ma is not reliable , I can't use any repainted indicator ,because I am not lukcy man

--- 帖子 #2426 ---
???

And you call this repainting ? Of course the color changes when a new bar is drawing, this is the same thing for any indicator... You cant say an indicator repaints for the current bar, this is absurd !!!

The color of the bar is linked to the previous graphical segment. This is purely graphic and it is not repainting !

I should have made my guide more precise is saying you have to wait for the candle to close

--- 帖子 #2427 ---
Hi everybody.  I'm new to this thread, and I just wanted to say that based on backtesting, I am now trading this system on the 1H timeframe because my work has been interfering with my other trading.  Today I am +25 pips.  Could probably be more but I was going to lunch and moved my stop up fairly close to prevent a reversal when I couldn't see it.  Trade was on the GBP/USD.  I'll post charts when I have a chance and update with my trades on this system.

Thanks boxingislife for a great system.

--- 帖子 #2428 ---
The best advice i give to anyone counting in pips is : count in %age of equity.

For instance i have a trade right now up around 100 pips. One would say, whoa great trade. But if i have taken this trade with a 2% risk and 40 pips SL you can see that my equity is up 5%. If i have taken this trade with 1% risk and 100 pips SL, my equity is up 1%.

But if i have take this trade with 10% and 25 pips SL, my equity is up 40%.

As you can see, the pip count does not mean anything

--- 帖子 #2429 ---
So true.  I put the pips in the post because just saying that I'm up 1% doesn't tell anyone how that trade would've gone for them.  Very good point though.

--- 帖子 #2430 ---
you do not look my pic carefully , I said when new bar changing ,the last bar 's nolagma color changing too (please see red line marked , that line is fixed ) ,that mean even last bar closed ,the last bar nolag ma 's color still changing possiblely , but surely it only repaint one bar . if you see code of nolag ma ,you see clearly.

ok , let me decribe the pic more carefully.

see pic3 first

this time 01:40 bar closed ,01:45 bar just open ,I marked a red line on 01:40 bar ,that is a baseline , we will see the color of nolagma how to change itself on the base line bar (01:40) . at this time the color of nolagma on 01:40 bar is blue (remeber 01:40 bar is closed now)

see pic 2 next

this time 01:45 bar going down , and the color of nolagma on 01:40 bar change from blue to red , that is repaint. because 01:40 bar has closed for a while , the color of nolagma on 01:40 bar should be fixed to blue.

see pic 1 show the color of nolagma on 01:40 bar be changed to red at last .

is it clear ?

--- 帖子 #2431 ---
Hello,

Can you upload the yellow indicator you use in your charts, please ?

It looks very interesting.

Thanks !

--- 帖子 #2432 ---
Much clear now. But normaly with stochastic it will never be an issue. In any case, when you start to have some experience, you dont need a lot of indicators (naked chart anyone ? )

All i have now is a SMA and the sexy stochastics (for divergence and continuation)

--- 帖子 #2433 ---
that is nolama too , I hack the code ,try to dispaly it clearly (using value 1 -1) , meanwhile I found code has same repaint code .then test it.

--- 帖子 #2434 ---
yes , I said nolagma repaint one bar , not repait too much  , if you feel ok , use it carefully .

I never use any repaint indicator ,because I am not lucky man

--- 帖子 #2435 ---
you can set SL according to ATR , basically 2 times ATR is good SL  , it is touched ,mean it is a faile one , hope help

--- 帖子 #2436 ---
Just to make sure I understand this fully, would the following be a good time to enter if the 5 stoch crosses the signal line up.  The 20 and 50 have both crossed and are on their way up.  I'm just waiting for the 5.  Also, this is on a 1H TF.

--- 帖子 #2437 ---
Well, I entered when it crossed. Waiting on a reply to my last post. Probably wasn't the best day for it. Been so busy lately, I forgot it was friday and my money is in that trade for the weekend... Oh well.

--- 帖子 #2438 ---
First trade of the week last night and came out with an 8% increase in my account.  Gotta say I'm a big fan of the system.

--- 帖子 #2439 ---
Hey guys, thought i'd post after such a longtime, lucas u have good reason to be a fan of this system, thats because it is a very good profitable one. I've been trading this system for a little while with success....but i recommend just trading the system with the original settings that boxingislife suggested, i've had best results with this and less headache as all i have on my chart is stochastics and i've learnt to understand how they show price action.

I trade the M5 timeframe with a stop loss of 20 pips and a take profit of 20 pips and this has been working out well for me so far. i'll try and post some trade setups that i'm in the middle of or had taken soon. i only trade the GBPUSD with this system as the with the 5 minute chart it can keep u busy for the day.

--- 帖子 #2440 ---
Out of the hundred systems i have been watching on FF this the most sound and logical system i came across,i am mainly focus on the 15M timeframe.

Just has curiosity how many signals in average do you get on GBPUSD M5 timeframe,for the London/NY sessions combines.

Regards

--- 帖子 #2441 ---
Well it can be tough to say as somedays when price is really trending in one direction, the 50, 20 and 100 stoch will be rising/falling to overbought/oversold and i would keep buying/selling on the pullback of the 5,3,3 stoch, on those days there could be upto 4 trades in the day. but on average if ur looking for the perfect signal (which doesn't always work either btw.....as u kno all systems have losses) thats around 1 or 2 per day usually.

--- 帖子 #2442 ---
Woke up late this morning and therefore missed the only signal, even though it would have resulted in a loss, however if i was awake i would have taken the trade. All other uptrend signals would not have been 100% valid as one out of the 20,50 or 100 stoch was flat in the other situations.

Although the 5 stoch hadn't pulled all the way back i would have taken the trade as i would think that price was continuing its uptrend for today. Hopefully more opportunities later on in the day.

--- 帖子 #2443 ---
Possible trade in the making for GBPUSD, waiting for the 5 stoch to return up and then pullback for the short, will see where the 20, 50 and 100 stoch are positioned and take the trade or not accordingly, will update you guys soon.

--- 帖子 #2444 ---
didn't take the trade for a number of reasons:

1. as u can see the 100 stoch hardly had a slope, it was pretty much flat.

2. the 20 and 50 stoch were turning from sloping downwards to flat.

3. Today has been a bullish day and in order for me to take the trade against the short-term trend, i would have needed to see good sloping on all three slower stochastics.

Patience is key, i don't mind waiting around to try and find an opportunity later, when the market is ready to give me one.

--- 帖子 #2445 ---
This is the first trade i just took, didn't post a chart earlier because i wud rather get into the trade first and then post, rather than missing out the opportunity. Hit my take profit for 20 pips, increase in account by 1%.

--- 帖子 #2446 ---
u only have to use 100 for the higher time frames

--- 帖子 #2447 ---
hello everybody i just wanted to tell you that i developed somthing very similair to this method glad to see some one thinks the way i do boxingislife i just want to say that your on the right track tho i think i could help you to see some key things that your analysis is lacking in regards to the way your are looking at your stochastics like i said you have the basic concept down goodjob not many can see what we do what i can share with you will eliminate some of the losses that you have tho i see there are not many i trade full time and make profits every trading day please post me if you would like me to share i have to ask because its your thread

--- 帖子 #2448 ---
talent fx please go ahead and post anything that can be helpful

its appreciated

--- 帖子 #2449 ---
Im naked on all time frames except the 15 min which I still keep my sexy stochs.

--- 帖子 #2450 ---
I am amazed that this thread is not more popular. I have been using these indicators with my system for 2 years now, and have had great results. With practice you can find some excellent trades.

--- 帖子 #2451 ---
ok so basically i look at the 20 80 lines as support and resistance if you have a break above the 80 for example the probability of an uptrend is greatly increased bounces from these lines which happens frequently is looked at as not breaking support and resistance results can vary from time to time frame but the longer time frames are more important than the smaller ones so you have to read all the time frames to get a sense of the most probable moves

--- 帖子 #2452 ---
Is anyone still following this thread?

I'm in the process of reading from the beginning, I got up to page 30 in about 2 nights! A lot of reading!!

First off, a big thanks to boxingislife for sharing his method! I've been using stochastics on a MTF setup for a while but never considered adding longer stochs on the same chart for confirmation.

I am working on the following setup, and would like your views: (for shorts):

1) Wait for the 60min stoch 5-3-3 to cross down, preferably from the O/S or O/B area.

2) Wait for the 5min stoch to pull back up, and take the next stoch signal down.

I use 13 pips SL (keeping it tight) and 26pips TP, for a 2:1 reward to risk.

I attach a potential setup to give you an idea of what I am talking about. This hasn't followed through, for now, but it's probably because the market is sideways today due to NFP later in the day.

--- 帖子 #2453 ---
and it's only fitting that my first post on this thread turns out to be a loss-making one!

Actually, the BETTER trades are when all 3 timeframes agree - the 4hr, the 1hr, and the 5min. Currently the 4hr is pointing up, and the 60min has been correcting downwards this morning, which is possibly why we've had a sideways move.

Here's a setup in the making:

Edit:

The setup was never confirmed, as the market is ranging before the release of the NFP figures this afternoon. Sitting flat on my hands.

--- 帖子 #2454 ---
nice system looking forward to test it on a demo next week

--- 帖子 #2455 ---
Hi 4xtradercy ,

pls tell me how to attach 5-3-3 stochastic for 1 h and 4h in 1 chart?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2456 ---
Hi talentfx

Can you be a little more specific on how you trade your system?

Thanks..

--- 帖子 #2457 ---
Just a couple quick comments. First, I think Jimmer actually came up with the "slingshot" setup. It was using a longer term sto for "trend", and shorter term to highlite the pullback against that "trend", and visually it looked like a slingshot being pulled back. Buffy uses the same idea, but with a slightly different sto as long term, with 3 short term stos to form "ribbons" (but they give the same visual). And btw, Buffy is a she! lol

You have put together a nice combination, and as you say, just wait for the best setups as there will be plenty to scalp on a daily basis. This approach has the advantage of effectively seeing multiple TFs because of the use of longer term stos combined with short term stos. Having spent several years in Buffys "room", I know there is value in the approach she teaches. Looks like youve applied the theory nicely. I will be taking a close look at what youre doing. Keep up the good work.

Ninja

--- 帖子 #2458 ---
First, I apologize somewhat for my prior post in that I had just read Boxingislife's initial post and didnt really notice when it occurred. I responded like he had just posted it. lol Im sure my comments had been previously made by someone somewhere within the 50+ pages of posts since his original post. lol

I thought Id share some thoughts on how this approach could be utilized for scalping a steady income daily. Using his tools, and throwing in a couple add'l "trend" tools, I have outlined how one might plan his/her trades each day, and the criteria necessary to take the trades. Ive outlined the criteria on the initial chart, with some add'l observations among the 3 charts.

I would focus solely on these setups, and would typically put on at least a 2lot position, looking to take 1 off and 5 pips, 2nd at 10. If trading a 3lot based position, I would take 1 off at 5, 7, 9or10 as an example. Some might wish to trail on last as early entries may run for a notable distance. I prefer to hit targets, but thats my nature.

With patience to wait for the criteria to be met, I think you will see the potential of this methodology. The 3 charts I have posted only cover about 2 1/2 hrs of trading, so you can imagine what may be possible each day.

I provided some ideas on entry to go with the setups. Ive not had a chance to go thru the thread yet, so I hope to find some add'l insights that could further enhance what Ive shown. As always, would love to have comments, observations, etc.

--- 帖子 #2459 ---
I mentioned previously that entries might be "tightened" by dropping down in TF. The charts Ive attached show the setup chart as well as a 3 multiple lower TF chart to highlite possible entries. Ive used a short term RSI to highlite these. The explanation is on the low TF chart.

Please understand that Ive made this a bit sensitive on purpose. Personally, this is how I will utilize the slingshot methodology as I like the immediate response time and tightness of entries. If the TFs selected here are a bit "short" for you, simply raise them both by some multiple which better fits you. Of course, likely fewer setups will occur each day, but the ones that do should provide larger moves accordingly. This is the trade-off.

Ive offered this simply as something to try out. Whether you use these specific tools is not important as much as the underlying methodology of essentially selling rallies in a downtrend and buying dips in an uptrend.

Nothing new here, just another way to get there. :-)

As always, comments welcome.

--- 帖子 #2460 ---
Hey Ninja,

Very nice charts, and well described. I still use the original setup to get bias for my entries (scalping). Your charts also look pretty nice.

If I am not mistaken, those are NinjaTrader's charts? If so, then how did you manage to get all the indicators in the same window?

Regards,

K.

--- 帖子 #2461 ---
Kermut:

Thanks for the kind remarks. Having spent a lot of time in Buffy's room, it was only natural to use Ensign, which she and most others there use. Overlaying indicators is a snap. You just tell it which "subwindow" you want it in and presto. The order you load them helps determine which is in "front" (is not covered by others).

Its a great charting platform, and Ive been using for some time.

--- 帖子 #2462 ---
ninja

what you wrote is great. so thank you for that

the cool thing is that each can have his own twist with this system. some people scalp, others go for longer term etc...

if you have some time to go through the thread ull see how people started with this method and evolved and kinda created their own version while keeping the basic idea.

i do wanna ask you something not specifically related to this. pm me or email me through my profile if you can and add your email address so i know how to reach you

take care

--- 帖子 #2463 ---
Hey Ninja,

Thanks for the comments. I am so used to ninjatrader that I would prefer to stick to it. Having mt4 plus nt open does eat up a fair bit of cpu, so adding another platform might send it to the graveyard!!

However, I shall have a look at ensign on its own this week.

Also, how did you come to chose 39tick as your base chart? I have heard that around 144-150 ticks is close to a 5minute chart, so a 39tick would be close to a 30sec - 1min chart. Would love to see your reasoning. Personally, I use 5tick to trade, but look at 5M charts to see bias.

Regards,

K.

PS boxingislife, good to see that you still keep an eye on this thread. I must say that after spudfyre's threads and this thread, I had fallen in love with stochs, and just find that after looking at every method available, I keep coming back to the multiple stochs. Combined with volume, stochs seem to be just the best thing around.

--- 帖子 #2464 ---
First, Kermut, when I first ran a Euro chart, the 39tick seemed to match up pretty well with a 1min. I only checked that one time, and from then on have always thot of it as a 1min. Ignorance may be bliss here. lol

Boxingislife, good to see you drop in to your old haunt. I will shoot you a note via your profile. Thanks for what youve done in this thread. Ive not yet had a chance to get thru everything, but working on it.

I thot Id throw up a chart of our week beginning action on the Euro. These were not setups that I took, just pointing out some early opportunities via this approach. Some nice examples. :-)

Good trading.

--- 帖子 #2465 ---
See chart for comments/observations.

--- 帖子 #2466 ---
For those using the multi-Sto approach to highliting pullbacks within trend, Ive attached a couple of charts with an idea that may/may not be of value. The description and thoughts can be found on the charts themselves.

Good trading.

--- 帖子 #2467 ---
Heres a possibility. Likelihood? Who knows. lol

fwiw

--- 帖子 #2468 ---
kermut good to see u  im glad ur still around. ninja has posted some incredible stuff u can learn from

and as always if u need any help im a pm away

ninja im pm'ing u right now

--- 帖子 #2469 ---
Is this the Keltner chanal on your chart or MA with displaced +/- levels, or MA high and low?

Thanks

Sasa

--- 帖子 #2470 ---
Sasa

Nothing fancy, just a 22 Simple K with factor of 2.  Just something to give me some outer "edges" for a sense of where price is.  Its not necessary, just something I like to use occassionally.

--- 帖子 #2471 ---
Thanks Ninja,

I like Keltner, since it is not like BB and does not expand so much. I move my stops when next Keltner level is reached or exit at other side.

Today I have tried multi Stochastic (this sexy thing!!!!) and it is a first day without losser trade. 3 trades on EU and 51 pip. I hope I will learn more and get used to this strategy since it looks very good. On visual back testing every day has more winers than lossers (I take 20/20 TP/SL and move my SL when 10, 15 pip in profit. on GU 25/25). I only eneter when 5 stochastic is over 80/90 or belowe 20/10 level.

Hope to learn and make some money although I am still on paper but hope to go live in next 2 weeks (cross your fingers for me).

Best regards.

Sasa

--- 帖子 #2472 ---
Hey guys whats happened with the live chatroom? Is it still going?

Any of you guys meeting up to trade together? Cant seem to access the room with TradingRooms, there website seems to have been taken off or something too.

Any details on this would be great. Thanks also to Boxing4life for sharing the sexy stochs with us.

--- 帖子 #2473 ---
Sasa

Glad to hear your had a nice day with the multiStos!  If you can, grab a pic of a couple of your trades and post them here.  Always nice to see how others use these, and helps everyone.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2474 ---
got in at the red line which is the close of that big bar. i wasnt really in the mood to fine tune my entry even though i coulda squeezed maybe an extra 20 pips if i dropped to the 15 min and 5 min chart and cherry picked it. managed about 27 pips profit outa this

--- 帖子 #2475 ---
My primary trading approach deals with pullbacks following Macd crosses and 1-2-3 setups. I have added Boxingislife's mutliSto to this for add'l setup opportunities. Something I learned with the "slingshot" type setups is that they will often manifest themselves in conjunction with the Macd pulling back after crossing the midline and/or with the pt 3 of a 1-2-3. Thus, its a logical addition to my trading templates. Ive attached a chart of my main TF, and have highlited 3 setups where the methods are nicely confluent with each other. I hope you find the insights beneficial in some way.

By simply adding the Macd to your charts, this crossing may help to alert you of possible setups coming on the multiStos. If you find this of interest, throw it on your charts and look back to see if you find it beneficial. I use an 8/18/8 Macd, but nothing magic here. Try your favorite or just use the standard 12/26/9 for assessing.

The chart Ive attached is actually my low TF (with the Macd/MultiStos). I also have 2 higher TFs (each a 3 multiple higher of the prev). This gives me a nice perspective that approximates a 5min up to nearly a 60min horizon for setups. As Boxingislife stated in his initial post, just wait until you have prime setups, and you can simply ignore the rest! As you can see from my chart, there's no shortage of them. Some will be so-so, some will be beginnings of large trends. With the higher TF setups, you can use the lower TF charts to tighten entries if desired. At some point, you will undoubtedly see a setup on the low TF that starts a move large enough to trigger a setup on the next TF, which may run far enough to trigger a move on the next. Conversely, given a pullback setup on the highest TF, once it starts, a small pullback there may be a setup on the next lower TF, etc. Actually, I know of one of these recently, and I'll add the chart to highlite this for reference.

Good trading

--- 帖子 #2476 ---
Just one last chart showing how we might enter on a lower TF where no setup of its own is present, but that may help us trigger an entry for a setup on a higher TF. This is one of the possible pluses when utilizing mulitple TFs.

Good trading

--- 帖子 #2477 ---
Ninja96,

Thank you for the charts and your trading comments, they have been very, very helpful

I have question about your last charts....

What did you mean when you said "Long term Stochs don't justify long for this TF. We're only using the 5/3 for aiding the higher TF"

But the long term stochs are rising and crossed, to go long right ?

The bit at the bottom about the macd pulling back, but the 5/3 stoch is O/S (what means O/S ?) Why would the macd pulling back mean a long setup in a higher TF ?

Also, on the chart on the right, did you enter long at 10:06:43 , when the 5/3 bounced back up ?

--- 帖子 #2478 ---
Cspip -

Thanks for the kind words. I'll try to address your questions.

Regarding the long term Stos not justifying the long (on that chart), for me they do not. Look at the high TF chart. Those Stos are what I would look for. Green sto (20) above the Red sto (50) with some spread in between them, as well as each sto having a nice spread between its %k (dotted) and %d (solid). I hope you follow.

Its only the 5/3 Sto on the lower TF being used simply because on that TF the pullback has reached OverSold (O/S) at the 20 level. This would tell me that we may be seeing a bounce here (up), which may effectively be the start of the upmove we're trying to catch on the High TF. Follow?

My comment at bottom of chart about 5/3 Sto and Macd - I was merely alluding to the fact that as price was pulling back (Macd pulling back), this had pulled the 5/3 to the oversold level. This wasnt "causing" the setup on the High TF, it was simply a result of it, if you follow.

I did not take this trade, so no actual entry. I tried to highlite some different ways of triggering the entry. This would be up to the trader to use one of these, or perhaps a different method he/she prefers.

I hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #2479 ---
attachment

Hi Ninja,

Since you have advised to post charts here it is.

We (my wife Eliana and myself) like to see 5 ans 20 SMA in trend as well as MACD line cross (12,26,9 - arrows) ant than we vait fo pullback. Generaly 20,20,10 Stochhastics should be in the same direction as the trens and when short 5,3,3 stochastics ge over/under 80/90 or 20/10 level we enter the trade. We have missed one at 13.30 and 15.55 but we are in smal proffit today.

I do not know how to post a picture. I try but I guess it has to be uploaded at some share server?

Best regards.

Sasa

--- 帖子 #2480 ---
Thanks for that Ninja.

Also, why is Stochs set at 20,10,20 and 50,10,20 etc ?

What is special about these?

And when the 5 Stoch has (for say going long) pulled back do we enter when its crossed it %k line, or is it that its gone back up past a certain level, 20, 40 etc ?

--- 帖子 #2481 ---
Sasa

Thanks for posting your chart. Those 2 that you have your lines highliting certainly turned out well. The long term Stos lined up nicely on that last short you highlited. Btw, a small profit is much better than a couple of alternatives I can think of. :-)

Continuing with the multiTF setup theme discussed in an earlier post, my last trade setup this morning was just that. My middle TF setup chart had the long term Stos falling with spread, and decent %k vs %d spreads as well. My next lower TF (195tick) saw my 5/3 sto reaching O/B. I missed getting short here, but was fortunate to have price rally to retest. I actually took my entry off of a small tick chart I always have in front of me (approximates a 1min). Ive highlited my entry there (middle chart).

I seem to always gravitate back to this. You can end up getting in too early doing this, but normally the entry is really "tight" so an occassional hit is acceptable. This just works better for me.

The trade continued on quite nicely beyond my targets as things turned out. No problem here though. :-)

I hope there is something of value here for you.

Good trading

--- 帖子 #2482 ---
See charts for explanation.

--- 帖子 #2483 ---
Charts attached.

--- 帖子 #2484 ---
If a trade goes wrong do you let it hit your initial stop loss or

do you terminate the trade earlier?

If you terminate your trade before it hits the initial stop,

what are the criteria for it?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2485 ---
Hopefully, Ive placed my stop where I know the trade has gone wrong, so until it hits it, any movement against me is within my wiggle room.   I normally will give price once to run against me, but not twice.  Once the trade is moving in my favor, I move to BE.  I can always reenter if stop is hit.  My targets tend to fall within a range of 10-20+ pips, so if I get to 5/6 pips in my favor, Im moving my stop.  There are plenty of setups available, and the good ones dont generally cause the problems. I hope this addresses your questions.

--- 帖子 #2486 ---
Your charts are a work of art Ninja and your explanations beautifully simple.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #2487 ---
G-Man

Thanks for the kind words. I hope the posts are beneficial in some way.

For fans of Boxingislife's multiSto methodology, this morning provided some quality setups. The attached chart addresses these with comments and observations. Hopefully, Im adhering to the tenants of this wonderful method of trading. Patience is a key (as it is with any method that has criteria to be met). If the setup isnt obvious, it probably isnt there.

Ive also attached a couple of charts showing what each setup looked like real time (hard right edge) before it started to work in our favor. If you practice this simple technique, I think things will be easier when trading realtime. Its easy to see them when completed, the trick is to see the "first 1/2" and recognize it. If the trade is to work out (not every one does!), you wont have to worry about the second 1/2. :-)

--- 帖子 #2488 ---
Thanks again for the charts

What is the setting of your macd ?

--- 帖子 #2489 ---
Cspip

Thanks. Nothing magic about my Macd, but it is an 8,18,8 (all expo avg).

Regarding my prior post chart (What we look for), Ive attached a chart with some thoughts on making it easier to pick these up realtime. If you feel the spread between Stos is a key element for these setups, then this may be of interest.

If your platform has visual alerts of some kind, then this could be done differently as far as aestetics go. Anyway, have a great weekend all.

Good trading.

--- 帖子 #2490 ---
Ive posted these same charts under my Macd/1-2-3 thread as the first setup utilizes that method, while the second setup tonite applies to the MultiStos. I use both side by side as a setup of one may/may not be picked up by the other.  Having them separated also helps me focus on one type for each, rather than looking for different types within one chart.

I hope you find these useful.

Good trading.

--- 帖子 #2491 ---
While Im not recommending everyone take these, they do occur often enough to take note. With higher TF support (most likely divergence), these can be some rewarding trades, especially in light of the fact that some will turn out to be the actual turn for a new move. Use caution, and keep an eye on a higher TF(s). If these occur at sup/res areas, this will undoubtedly be a plus.

Good trading

--- 帖子 #2492 ---
Heres a trade Im currently in. The setup was an "aggressive" multiSto setup as detailed in prior posts here. It also qualified for a divergence trade as described in my Multi-TF divergence "timing" thread. We'll see how things turn out.

Good trading.

--- 帖子 #2493 ---
Here's how things ended up. Would have liked to stayed in case we were going to start a material retracement, but ........... no could do.

Good trading

--- 帖子 #2494 ---
Hi all that are still reading here from time to time

after Ninja96 posts ( thank you Ninja96 I feasted upon them )

I thought some colored Stoch indicators would be visually great, so here you are

1: Standard Stoch with Colored K Line and Dash Dash D Line

2: Colored D Line Stoch

3: Colored D Line Stoch in Dots

my screen back ground color is DarkGray so the K Line is in DarkGray to make it vanish

set as you will

enjoy

--- 帖子 #2495 ---
Hi,ur post on bringing sexy back is very commendable,i have been trading and making loses before now.Please how do i effectively drag the stochs accross themselves,am using alpari.Help!I count on your swift reply.Thanks

--- 帖子 #2496 ---
Hello.i have tried it on my  metatrader alpari platform and fx open;it's just not moving..Please help me

--- 帖子 #2497 ---
Pls can you update me well on how you where able to drag your 3 stochs across your indicator window..Thanks

--- 帖子 #2498 ---
looks nice, well done

--- 帖子 #2499 ---
Hello Guys,

I am reading this thread since past 3 years and very impressed and learn very much even i start trading because of this thread  thanks boxingislife and melphoes for both of you help please check my attach chart i am confuse at this level actually i left this method long ago but noww applying that method again in my trading please check this H4 chart and suggest me what to do now trend is down price is consolidating but the main  thing wwhich is confusing me is 20 and 50 are trending up slowly and i am in doubt for sell please check and advice me

thanks

Ub

--- 帖子 #2500 ---
I am using the original template on first post 15 TF,  according to your 4 H chart the entry 5 bars ago was correct and you  could i have made a nice profit, it happen that between this 5 bars and  now the trend did go on your favor.At the point i will not take any position , in general i don't like the signals coming after the first one, but it just a personal approach.

--- 帖子 #2501 ---
Hi All,

Anyone still following this method of trading? Am trading AUD/USD at the moment. But still starting.

What is the strike rate for this time of trading? 70% is where I am at

Cheers

d

--- 帖子 #2502 ---
got a request for template with the 100 stoch line, so here it is (personaly i dont use the 100 stochastic line)

--- 帖子 #2503 ---
2 years ago i started this system live, was in profit, i even withdraw money from oanda, then quit this system went for search for holy grail!  how stupid!

loaded today last template, and here it is! already 15% in one day! no loosers!

--- 帖子 #2504 ---
here comes today last one! be back tomorrow

--- 帖子 #2505 ---
Hi Sphinx, i am using 15 TF, 15 SL/TP (see attached template),with mix results.I see your Oanda chart on 1 min. TF; what is your TF and TP/SL ?

--- 帖子 #2506 ---
I started to write, "How the hell could you.... " then I remembered how times I've done this very thing.

Greed is a wicked and deceptive thing.  It bends and wraps my perspective so my vision is thrown off.  Damn, I hate it!

--- 帖子 #2507 ---
Hi all -

I've been slowly reading the thread - what are your settings with this method?

Are you just using stochs or complimenting it with MACD?

Cheers

D

--- 帖子 #2508 ---
The settings are no more that the very first post from boxingislife, you can use my template right above if you want and choose your favorite TF

--- 帖子 #2509 ---
i want to know if we are trading with 5 and 15 min chat so how long we have to hold trade i mean how many hours or minutes we have to hold it because some times i have noticed that market went range bound and  it moves price up and down in 2-3 small candles so what we have to do in that situation?

in how many minutes or hour we have to close trade manually in loss or in small profit or BE???

Ub

--- 帖子 #2510 ---
Hi,

Please let me know the color scheme you are using for the different stochastics.

Thanks and regards

--- 帖子 #2511 ---
I've coded an indicator which some of you might find useful trading this method. It basically alerts you when:

The 4H, 30M & 5M are all above the 50 level & when the 1M time frame is below the 20 level for a long trade.

Or

The 4H, 30M & 5M are all below the 50 level & when the 1M time frame is above the 80 level for a long trade.

The indicator works perfectly, However I am looking for someone you could possibly insert a few more lines of code so when the long parameters are met an upwards arrow is shown on the chat and when the short parameters are met a downwards arrow is shown on the chart. I work be extremely grateful if someone could help me with this. I've spent hours trying but do not know enough about programming to be able to achieve this!

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| Stochs_4H_30M_5M_1M.mq4

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

#property copyright ""

#property indicator_chart_window

datetime       lastbar;

bool           EmailSent;

extern bool    EmailAlert;

extern bool    SoundON;

extern double  highlimit = 80;

extern double  midlimit = 50;

extern double  lowlimit = 20;

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| Custom indicator initialization function                         |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int init()

{

//---- indicators

Comment ("Stochastic +/- 80/20 Signal Indicator ON");

//----

return(0);

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| Custom indicator deinitialization function                       |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int deinit()

{

//----

Comment ("");

//----

return(0);

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| Custom indicator iteration function                              |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int start()

{

int    counted_bars=IndicatorCounted();

//----

double main_M1 = iStochastic(NULL,PERIOD_M1,5,1,3,MODE_SMA,0,MODE_MAIN,0);

double signal_M1 = iStochastic(NULL,PERIOD_M1,5,1,3,MODE_SMA,0,MODE_SIGNAL,0);

double main_M5 = iStochastic(NULL,PERIOD_M5,5,1,3,MODE_SMA,0,MODE_MAIN,0);

double signal_M5 = iStochastic(NULL,PERIOD_M5,5,1,3,MODE_SMA,0,MODE_SIGNAL,0);

double main_M30 = iStochastic(NULL,PERIOD_M30,5,1,3,MODE_SMA,0,MODE_MAIN,0);

double signal_M30 = iStochastic(NULL,PERIOD_M30,5,1,3,MODE_SMA,0,MODE_SIGNAL,0);

double main_H4 = iStochastic(NULL,PERIOD_H4,5,1,3,MODE_SMA,0,MODE_MAIN,0);

double signal_H4 = iStochastic(NULL,PERIOD_H4,5,1,3,MODE_SMA,0,MODE_SIGNAL,0);

datetime curbar = Time[0];

if (lastbar != curbar)

{

lastbar = curbar;

if ((main_H4 < midlimit) && (main_M30 < midlimit) && (main_M5 < midlimit) && (main_M1 > highlimit))

if ((signal_H4 < midlimit) && (signal_M30 < midlimit) && (signal_M5 < midlimit) && (signal_M1 > highlimit))

{

Alert ("Short Entry Warning On ",Symbol()," ",Period()," min");

if (EmailAlert && !EmailSent)

{

SendMail("Short","Short Entry Warning On " + (StringConcatenate(Symbol()," ",Period())));

EmailSent = true;

}

if (SoundON == true) PlaySound ("alert2.wav");

}

if ((main_H4 > midlimit) && (main_M30 > midlimit) && (main_M5 > midlimit) && (main_M1 < lowlimit))

if ((signal_H4 > midlimit) && (signal_M30 > midlimit) && (signal_M5 > midlimit) && (signal_M1 < lowlimit))

{

Alert ("Long Entry Warning On ",Symbol()," ",Period()," min");

if (EmailAlert && !EmailSent)

{

SendMail("Long","Long Entry Warning On " + (StringConcatenate(Symbol()," ",Period())));

EmailSent = true;

}

if (SoundON == true) PlaySound ("alert2.wav");

}

}

//----

return(0);

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

--- 帖子 #2512 ---
Instead of using stochastic of the normal candlestick can we use as input to the stochastic formula the highlow and close of the HA candles ?

Does that make any sense ?

--- 帖子 #2513 ---
Looks like I caught a thread that nobody posts in anymore

I started reading this thread and am only on page 19 so far.

Can anyone please tell me if the Stochastic Oscillator, Paramater, MA method should be set to simple or exponential?

--- 帖子 #2514 ---
i am using  slow stochastic  in M5 chart and fast and slow stochastic in higher TF .. its best to identify reversal and over bought/ over sold areas

--- 帖子 #2515 ---
See post #29

MA method is simple and price field is low/high. default settings

--- 帖子 #2516 ---
Hi, Ninjaman,

Good thinking! I like your trigger method with the smaler TF RSI as well..

I have been studying some other threads on MTF Stochastics as well;both theory are nice to use together. I included the rope stochasics(multi settings from same TF) and added some longer term TF's. Watch the nice 'Elastics' with little price changes for nice continuation patterns!

I also like to see the effect from OsMA(MACD Histogram)..

Here you go:
Middle Stochastic Frame:

The Classical Rope(these Sonic settings are too nervous for me)

Settings: Fast Lines are Blue; Slow Lines are Orange; White line(Mimmics Price) = (100,1,3); Green line = (14,1,3);

I added some Higher TF's to this frame:

15minStochastics = Red Line; H1 = Aqua dotted Line; H1 = White dotted Line;

Bottom Stochastic Frame:
Sexyman Settings Stochastics:

Blue line (20,10,20);

Red line (50,10,20);

Yellow line (100,10,30);
MACD: (40,90,). These settings refer to Higher TF.

--- 帖子 #2517 ---
So I'm just wondering if beyond all the EA's and such that were created for this thread if just a simple email alert was ever made to alert when a trade set up occurs for this particular strategy with the stochs crossed and trending appropriately....

--- 帖子 #2518 ---
The two longer term stochs don't tend to change that quickly so you could just use a stochs email alert for the shorter stochs when the higher two setup. Search the forum for "stoch crossing". Has email alert too.

--- 帖子 #2519 ---
that was a quick response...and here I was thinking this thread was dead or something completely...have you been trading this method for a while...I came across it about a year ago when I first started studying stochastics from spudfyre and he references this thread in a few of his posts...

--- 帖子 #2520 ---
who around here is still trading this

--- 帖子 #2521 ---
I haven't traded the system myself but I could answer your question. It looks like a fair enough system. I use stochs with heiken ashi and an ma, seems to be working out ok but still testing. If you decide to try this system out then post your results here so everyone knows whether to try it or not.

--- 帖子 #2522 ---
I tried it before and I trade primarily with stochs and different approaches with the stochs and such and I never really traded this system exactly but similar entries as this I ssimilar to the pull back trades that spud fyre outlines on his threads simply using different time frames as opposed to different settings with stochastics....but they both give different entries and show a trend and good areas of momentum and such...so it works pretty well man...but money management and trade management will make or break...and that's where I went wrong before but I've matured so its better now and I have posted a few of these entries on my journal...but my main approach uses stoch and moving averages also...I had haiken ashi on but recently switched to regular candles....

--- 帖子 #2523 ---
Why did you switch back to candles? I find HA very useful.

--- 帖子 #2524 ---
Honestly I initially switched back because I couldn't see the actual price action but than got something that shows regular candles with ha color but stopped using that because I figured it kind of defeats the purpose of ha candles and reading what they are telling you...and I just never switched back again because I must say that I probably don't know how to employ the ha as it is intended or the more useful methods of employing it...and I never found it very necessary to really dedicate the time to put in to learn the ha and such as it is not an integral part of my trading plan like the stochastics are...but maybe one day I will give it a real shot as the hype around ha must be there for a reason I'm assuming....in what ways do you employ the ha...

--- 帖子 #2525 ---
I think HA makes it easier to see the immediate trend. It is useful to keep you in a trade longer if you trail your stop behind the wicks. It just makes everything look a lot smoother without the choppiness of regular candles and you know if HA candles look choppy it's a market to avoid.

I'm currently working on something special for eurusd scalpers using HA but I have to fully test it first before I reveal it. Watch this space.

--- 帖子 #2526 ---
Is this a system or you just pick tops and bottoms out of experience and a feel for the market?

--- 帖子 #2527 ---
thank you for all who contributed in this thread. just finished reading it and i already have my first 10 pips in just a few minutes. hope this thread comes back to life

--- 帖子 #2528 ---
i hope sow i m using a 4 stocastic time frame whit good results 1d 4h 1h 30m 15m all give same signal enter it is on testing for 10 or 20 pibs whit 50 trades no loss

--- 帖子 #2529 ---
Hi There,

I quite like the signals I was getting from this sexy stochastic system.

Found it frustrating to find pairs giving signals.

So I built a very simple scanning script that I would like to share with any one who would like to try it out.

It scans 19 pairs from M1 to D1 time frames - all selected by external parameter.

I set the  default to only report for H1 H4 and D1 time frames.

Save this ex4 file under \expert\script folder and restart your meta.

You can now run the scanner script any time you like and it will alert you to the pairs and time frames that are presenting sexy stoch signals.

Hope you enjoy it as much as I do.

It is obviously better running this at London open and New York Open times.  I use stop orders and set SL and TP and forget about it!

I also include my template file if you wish to use it.

See picture for the Alerts you will get.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Kind Regards

PipThief

ECFOREX

--- 帖子 #2530 ---
Thanks Ecforex, will give it a trial

--- 帖子 #2531 ---
i will try it too i very good soon y give my opinion

--- 帖子 #2532 ---
Hello Ecforex,

First of all thanks for the sricpt and template.

Of course I started testing and I have a question.

I get an alarm on EURCHF. The last bar has not turned th 5 down yet. So I would like to know on which bar the signal given.

Is it on the bar marked with the vertical line?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks again,

Best regards,

FP

--- 帖子 #2533 ---
I am investigating this system.

Is the entry marked with the red line according to rules?

It would not have worked out, but I know nothing work all the time
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Can anyone say something about the hitrate of this system? Say after entry there is a x% of trades reaching at least 20 pips positive.

Thanks, FP

--- 帖子 #2534 ---
knock..knock..

anybody in the thread?

i like stochastic based trading

and i'm longing to find the best kind of stoch

i will read this thread

--- 帖子 #2535 ---
I am all for bringing sexy back

long gold on 5 cross (yellow)

longbringin sexy back

--- 帖子 #2536 ---
gold   --- 5 cross --  on 4H

--- 帖子 #2537 ---
Hi there, I like the sexy system too. I was lucky enough to even chat with boxinglife, the creator of this thread. It's a very simple system, but you must consider price action (candle formation) and support and resistance lines in order to trade this with the odds in your favor. The very first pages of this thraed are all you need to understand the basics. As boxingislife told us, it is better to wait for the perfect set ups and use larger time frames. You can use the 4h or 8H to see the big picture and then trade 15m or 30m with de set ups that match the larger time frame context. Other thing you can do to avoid unnecesary headaches is to set up the stochastics calculations with "close to close price" and never make a trade if there is no cross of the 20-80 levels.

I ony use 2 stochs, the third was optional and it can be set off. Stochs are 5,3,3 red and 15,20,10 blue and this is the 4h for gold. As you can see, the Fast stoch (red) show more relaible behavoir. Hope this help. I will share more of my version but I think I will open a new thread in order to respect the original system and to avoid confussion.

Give to this system a chance, it will teach you a lot about forex, futures and stochs.

--- 帖子 #2538 ---
This is another good example of sexy stochs set ups with the NZDUSD.

I set up the sell limit order on sunday afternoon, My expectation was that fast stoch would cross the slow stoch and make a big correction. As it can be seen, I was right in the price level, but wrong in the tme of the entry. Nevertheless I managed my trade and grabed 60 (or 600, depending if youcount the fractional pips) with the 50% of the position, and after I moved my SL to secured 50 pips (or 500) wiht the rest when I saw price was resting 0.76500 area.

The price reversed and hit the SL. I share the picture I was seen at the moment, so now it can be compare to actual chart and see that the correction happen but next day. And the lesson here is: you can be right in the price level, but wrong in the time. And you can be right in the time but wrong in the price level. But with good trade managment and a bit of luck, you can graab some pips. By the time the correction happend I was worry about my mistake and I let the down swing go. This happens a lot, but it is the bred and butter of trading forex.

Hope this help

--- 帖子 #2539 ---
Looks good

--- 帖子 #2540 ---
I will try this system now. Aug. 7th 2015. I know this system long time ago. but never tried it before.

--- 帖子 #2541 ---
Went short the eur/ usd. On 1 hour chart in at11216 sl 11231. Tp 11901

--- 帖子 #2542 ---
Short Gbpusd on 4H at 14610 ..sl 14622 Tp 14560

Yesterdays trade ..got out on 5.3.3.stoc cross for + 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #2543 ---
Short EurGbp on the 4 hour chart.I also look at the highest vol on the 1 hour..note broken HS retest on D1.

.GL. All

--- 帖子 #2544 ---
Long nzdjpy. 4h chart at 7482

--- 帖子 #2545 ---
Guys,

It's been a while since the last post, but still.

The scanner doesnt work correctly as it keeps giving message of positions without stopping

--- 帖子 #2546 ---
Short USD jpy off 4 hour chart up 30 pips ATM.

--- 帖子 #2547 ---
Bump

--- 帖子 #2548 ---
Short eur USD @1 17.75 using 1/4 @ 75 + 15 min and 30 min stochastic ** snap back.**.quik settings 21,3,5 close.. close , simple

Edit .Out for the day 1200 est chop..

+23 pips 1/2 .....12 pips other 1/2

DD 2 pips

--- 帖子 #2549 ---
Long audusd on snap 15 min

--- 帖子 #2550 ---
May I get template and indicators?

--- 帖子 #2551 ---
hello everyone

are there any updates for the thread

--- 帖子 #2552 ---
greetings! how are you all? and especially to the one who started this thread (@boxingislife).

after reading your first post, i checked on my tools and luckily still in my folder.

im now a fan of your system. and am using it for divergences and for long term trend (swing) for practice purposes.

with your system, am trying to scalp using M5 or M15, but still on the process of making a concrete entry.

having said that, are you still on this system @boxingislife ?

hope to hear from you and hope all is well. regards.

--- 帖子 #2553 ---
Daily Swing with Stochaster

USDJPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2554 ---
GBPJPY DAILY SWING
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2555 ---
EURJPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2556 ---
sharing my BTC set up with stochaster for swing DAILY .

we already have buy entry at the reverse of stoch 5

stoch 20,50,100 nicely moving diagonal up.

pls. read text as shown in image.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

our very own @M.A.C.Doug has an entry long position for this set up.

--- 帖子 #2557 ---
Got great result in this strategy.Thanks

--- 帖子 #2558 ---
Hello there im new to this strategy. Been trying this system for a week on 15 mint and 5 mint chart. Its working really good but where im struggling is idk when the trend is changing. I always take the trades when the stoch reaches oversold or overbought. I wanna know if anyone is still trading this system


===== 附件下载链接 =====

sexy back 1 h.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/20270?d=1169537986
Best Times To Trade FX.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/20593?d=1169821845
Sexy Stochastics Alarm v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/21603?d=1170820208
Sexy Stochastics Alarm v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/21621?d=1170829122
Daily_High_Low.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/22318?d=1171392857
(T_S_R)-Daily Range Calculator V2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/22320?d=1171395126
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/22571
statement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/22572?d=1171557217
boxingislife.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/23417?d=1172254889
boxingislife.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/23418?d=1172254889
boxingislife 1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/23439?d=1172275034
Matrix Multiple Stochastics.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/23527?d=1172427669
boxingislife 1.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/23533?d=1172438275
Multiple stochastics.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/23639?d=1172526659
sexy back 1 h.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/24962?d=1173544369
NonLagMA_v5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/25043?d=1173614331
Heiken_Ashi_Ma.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/25285?d=1173815003
good day sunshine.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/25289?d=1173815991
e_Trailing.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/25354?d=1173861160
_Signal_Bars_v1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/25470?d=1173926298
backtest.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/26228?d=1174515822
backtest.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/26395?d=1174600849
stochastic.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/26773?d=1174904065
Sexy Stochastics - Boxingislife - Melpheos.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/26784?d=1174913144
FFCal_v04.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/26812?d=1174932169
FFCal_v03_Window.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/26813?d=1174932169
FFCal_v04a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/26814?d=1174932832
MA_Crossover_Signal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/26816?d=1174933228
Microsoft Word - Sexy Stochastics1.1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27022?d=1175076609
EJ_Signal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/28428?d=1176273419
Heiken_Ashi_SWAlert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/28429?d=1176273419
MA_CrossoverAlert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/28430?d=1176273452
Heiken_Ashi_SWAlert LC.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/28431?d=1176273452
StochCross_BIL.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/28517?d=1176323199
gpbyen.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29004?d=1177009701
indicators.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29438?d=1177399678
MA_Crossover_Signal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29865?d=1177748731
EA_Stochastic.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29985?d=1177865343
stochastic+adx.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30810?d=1178539940
Boxinglife Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30818?d=1178554237
sexy stochastic.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30819?d=1178554250
sexy.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30839?d=1178564522
StochCandles.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30921?d=1178630396
StochCandles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30935?d=1178635000
StochCandles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30974?d=1178658674
Stochastic_Advisor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31072?d=1178723036
Stochastic_Advisor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31200?d=1178781049
StrategyTester.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31221?d=1178791611
StrategyTester.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31222?d=1178793017
DetailedStatement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31353?d=1178868252
sexy stochs.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31436?d=1178907385
StochCandles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31454?d=1178919642
sexy_stochs.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31466?d=1178942528
FFCal_v05.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31467?d=1178942559
bundle sexyback melpheos.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31472?d=1178967234
StochCandles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31485?d=1178984125
gbpyen.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32260?d=1179501810
Sexy Stochastics Alarm v2 - Nondisc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32293?d=1179518739
Sexy Stochastics Alarm v2.02 - Nondisc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32377?d=1179623372
Sexy Stochastics Alarm v2.02 - Nondisc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32428?d=1179679437
Sexy Stochastics Alarm v2.02 - Nondisc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32443?d=1179687421
stoch.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32508?d=1179733500
eurchf 15 min template.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32666?d=1179841046
Sexy Stochastics 1.2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32715?d=1179860622
Sexy Stochastics BETA 1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32770?d=1179900302
NonLagMA_v7.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32771?d=1179900345
NonLagMA_v7.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32772?d=1179900360
Sexy Stochastics BETA 1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32854?d=1179940752
NonLagMA_v7.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32867?d=1179948239
Sexy Stochastics BETA 1 Rel 1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32912?d=1179986913
gbpyen.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32947?d=1179996868
usdcad.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32997?d=1180019456
usdcad2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32999?d=1180019773
Sexy Stochastics V1.02.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/33045?d=1180046914
euryen daily.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/33120?d=1180086894
Bollinger Squeeze v4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/33212?d=1180174431
new bundle2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/33344?d=1180338636
sexyback melpheos.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/33387?d=1180379631
Stochastic_Advisor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/33811?d=1180713129
Stochastic_Advisor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/33826?d=1180726998
ppm+stoch+ema9 34.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/34710?d=1181423027
gbpusd.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/34795?d=1181501215
gbpyen.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35422?d=1181928382
Boxinglife Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38329?d=1184092220
Boxinglife Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38363?d=1184103001
Boxinglife Stochastic2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38619?d=1184255101
Boxinglife Stochastic2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38638?d=1184271932
temp4.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39199?d=1184705537
stoch examples.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/42583?d=1186570157
StochCrossAlert_MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/42573?d=1186565778
temp6.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44939?d=1187807636
Color Stochastic v1.02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/57107?d=1192811125
sexy stoch.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/60902?d=1193391644
StochEA ver1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/62017?d=1193752418
Stoch6a.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/62328?d=1193835591
Bundle Melpheos.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/72829?d=1197668836
StochV Melpheos Quick Guide.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/74079?d=1198232595
StochV-Melpheos-ACS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/74080?d=1198232595
###QQE_Alert_MTF_v5###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/74204?d=1198278151
QQEA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/74205?d=1198278151
QQE Alert v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/74220?d=1198288258
QQE Alert v3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/74221?d=1198288258
Pop.mqh: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/75366?d=1199106741
StochV-Melpheos-ACS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/75367?d=1199107092
pop.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/75397?d=1199111336
StochV-Melpheos-ACS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/75761?d=1199301979
StochV-Melpheos-ACS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/81728?d=1201187345
MT4-LSAR.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/81729?d=1201187345
StochV Melpheos Quick Guide.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/99923?d=1207155906
FFCal_v05a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100391?d=1207283796
Bands.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100682?d=1207402462
sexystoch melpheos.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/102827?d=1208179420
melpheos.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/103251?d=1208283511
melpheos-2.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/103695?d=1208422561
OnChart_Stochastic.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/115467?d=1211710330
All_Stochastic_v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/116571?d=1212039811
sexy_back2_allsto10.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/116572?d=1212039847
sexy_back2_allsto_allma.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/117523?d=1212340945
All_MA_v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/117524?d=1212340968
All_Stochastic_v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/117525?d=1212340989
stoch_sexy.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/124792?d=1214439958
Stochastic_Standard_4TF_cja.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/135872?d=1217663128
! IN10TION NewsReader v09.0.1 lite.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/135873?d=1217663151
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/136307?d=1217857025
STOCH_Bars_v2c.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/153054?d=1222819034
STOCH_Bars_M#_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/153082?d=1222821601
sexy stochs backtesting.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/233503?d=1239831789
pivots 2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/238795?d=1240821235
pivots 2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/238799?d=1240821733
nonLagMaTrend_Signal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/258800?d=1244731027
Stochastic Color.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/399400?d=1264238195
Stochastic -Color D-Line.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/399401?d=1264238195
Stochastic -Color D-Line-Dots.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/399402?d=1264238210
stoch.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/451742?d=1270500462
sexystockastics 15 min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/456421?d=1271100668
cjc-sexy-stoch-scanner-script.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1314093?d=1384804920
cjc-sexy-stoch.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1314095?d=1384804999
###..@...MTF..stoch.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1659738?d=1429757714
