===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Though I am a long time lurker on this forum, some of you may know me from elsewhere. Here is a system I have been trading. Additional nuances will follow soon. I eagerly welcome all of your comments (and complaints).

Construct a template according to the following settings:
8 EMA (yellow, dotted)
12 EMA (violet)
24 EMA (cornflower blue, hence the name)
72 EMA (khaki)

Apply to H1 (conservative) only and remove the grid for clarity.

System principles
Cornflower is based on the principle that trades should be taken when the same trend presents itself on multiple timeframes. On an hourly chart, the 24 EMA obviously defines the daily trend. The 8 EMA, which is one-third the length, shows the intraday velocity of “fast” money. A 12 EMA shows the trend of the last half-day. Its value is a place at which price will typically find support when there is a dominant trend. To a lesser extent, this also applies to the 24 EMA. A long-term trend will sometimes catch a breather around this area, with big money accumulating on the opportunity to buy or sell at a substantial discount. Finally, the 72 EMA defines the dominant trend in the market. This trend will reassert itself as cumulative memory persuades traders to resume trading in its direction. If the three shorter-term averages are above the 72 EMA, we are in an uptrend and should not go short. The same applies in reverse for a downtrend.

Cornflower can be used in a number of ways by all kinds of traders. When price pulls back to the area between the 12 and 24 EMAs, the opportunity for a short- to medium-term bounce presents itself. We can enter and set a profit target based on a number of criteria, be they support and resistance areas, pivot points, or a set pip amount. Or we can enter a longer-term trade, perhaps exiting when the 12 EMA crosses down below the 24 EMA. The longer-term setups in this system are powerful and can yield hundreds of pips on a single trade that will last for up to two weeks. Cornflower will catch every major move in the market, providing multiple opportunities to take advantage of a big trend and pretend that one is a bank trader.

Basic System Rules

(Note 11/27/08: I no longer take signals from the initial "aggressive" 30M entry.  Use at your own risk.)

There are two kinds of entries using this system: pullback (conservative) and initial (aggressive). The pullback entry, which is the heart of this system, enters the market when conditions are quiet and after price has settled into the area between the 8 and 24 EMAs. The timing of this entry can either be mechanical (using either the 12 or 24 EMA) or discretionary in accordance with the trader’s judgment on whether price is moving back in the direction of the trend.

The initial entry aims to capitalize on the first movement of a new trend, defined by a thrust beyond the 72 EMA that is confirmed by a turnaround in the shorter EMAs. It is more risky because there is always the possibility of a reversal. For this reason, it is probably better to use the M30 chart for this type of entry. Moved up by 30 minutes, one has the opportunity to take a small profit or scratch a trade at or near break-even if a reversal presents itself.

Only the H1 and M30 charts should be used with the Cornflower template. Shorter time periods will lead to whipsaws, whereas longer time periods lag behind the market too much.

The following rules are valid no matter the time of day. The quiet of the Asian session actually provides some excellent opportunities for entry, which is a boon for the trader whose day job makes watching the market during London or New York an impossibility.

Pullback (conservative) entry – use hourly chart
·8, 12, and 24 EMAs are all above (long) or below (short) the 72 EMA
·Price has pulled back to the 12 or 24 EMA (the more aggressive the trend, the more shallow the pullback.
·Enter for 20 pips, or hold depending on trader’s judgment of the strength of the trend.

Initial (aggressive) entry – use M30 chart with identical indicators
·Price has moved with authority above or below the 72 EMA. By “moved with authority,” I mean a candle that has closed near the top of its range.
·8, 12, 24 EMAs are all pointed in the direction of price, and preferably already stacked in a perfect order (8 over 12 over 24 for long, 24 over 12 over 8 for short).
·Enter for 20 pips and hold if the thrust develops into a real trend.

Using hourly and half-hourly charts, 20 pips is a realistic initial profit target, especially if one is trading GBPUSD, GBPJPY, or EURJPY. Even the other major pairs should yield this much on a properly gauged signal. By “major,” I mean EURUSD, USDCHF, AUDUSD, USDJPY, NZDUSD, and USDCAD. With the possible exception of EURGBP, any pair that involves two of the seven major currencies should be tradable with this system. Cornflower is particularly well-suited for entering long positions on the yen crosses (carry trades).

Entries may be timed more precisely with a 5M timeframe. More on this later.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Very clean system Felicia! Thanks for sharing! I noticed when the moving averages pass the 72 EMA, the prices really move with little whipsaw. I know all systems can't prevent the dreadful reversal but I believe your system if used properly can make a lot of profit! I am working on something in my little trading workshop that could compliment this system, still in the blueprint stages. Thanks again!

James

--- 帖子 #3 ---
I like the Idea of MTF Trading

charts would be helpful

good luck

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Super job on the thread level70. Even I can understand it. It might help some be able to trade without buying signals or some super duper EA though.

thxz

--- 帖子 #5 ---
you can post charts

... but not other peoples web-sites

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Excellent system! Looking at GBP/USD today on 4/19/07, this pair is setting up rather nice for an entry. I am looking at the 1hour chart, I like the conservative trading method. Again, great system and looking forward to more of your input!

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Thanks again. Cable is choppy right now, and with the three shorter averages pointing down we don't yet have a signal to go long. There was an initial short signal yesterday on the 30M that could have netted some pips, but it would have gone against you 20 pips before you saw it move back to BE and then into profit. (I did not take it.)

The matter of stop losses is dependent on whether you want to use this for longer term swings or day trading. For swings, 40-50 pips is a good ballpark figure. If I am day trading, I do not like to see it go against me more than 10 when I am leveraged. I can always try again. The best trades go your way rather quickly, even if you are trading longer term:

http://img103.imageshack.us/img103/1...breaks2lb5.gif

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Correct me if I am wrong, I believe the prices are bouncing off the 72 EMA and could possibly continue in an uptrend. I did not look at the 30 minutes but I am going to have to start MTF charting. I usually trade on the 4 hr chart but your system is very clean and precise, so I am playing around in uncharted territory (smile). What signals do you use to exit on the 30min?

Thanks

James

--- 帖子 #9 ---
I like how clean your chart is & no tools I love it

I find I get lost in your the words

tell me if I have it right - I learn slowly
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Jpy 1 hour

Enter
Initial (aggressive) entry

72 Ema trend setter only trade with him at your back

24 Ema is the wall to deside the trade.. got to get over it.

the wall must have the trend setter at its back

8 Ema is the bird dog to - warn of an up coming trade..

12 Ema is the trigger man

When the trigger man & the bird dog go over the wall

& with the trendsetter at their back ....you are in

Pullback (conservative) entry
Sames as the ( Initial (aggressive) entry )

but this time the 12 ema trigger man waits in ambush for price to come back into his line of fire
price touches or passes through & comes back through again
The trigger man always wants to be between price & the wall 24 ema
with the wall 24 ema between him & trendsetter 75ema
when he takes the trade

Exit

you are out when the trigger man & bird dog come back over the wall

or trendsetter comes over the wall after the trigger man & bird dog

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Wow... great way to describe this system! I think I am going to have get a visual of this (smile). Indeed, a great clean system!

--- 帖子 #11 ---
yeah...nice to see a new system. Let's see how it performs.

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Lever, just wanted to drop you a line. I appreciated the professional tone and completeness of the system. Clean, simple and well explained.  Good humour also always helps!

Wish you luck and pips for sharing this.  Thanks.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Thanks Felicia, a promising system, very well written. How long have you been trading it?

--- 帖子 #14 ---
I like how clean your chart is & no tools I love it

I find I get lost in your the words

tell me if I have it right - I learn slowly
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...6&d=1177014063

Usd/Jpy 1 hour

Enter
Initial (aggressive) entry

72 Ema trend setter only trade with him at your back

24 Ema is the wall to deside the trade.. got to get over it.

the wall must have the trend setter at its back

8 Ema is the bird dog to - warn of an up coming trade..

12 Ema is the trigger man

When the trigger man & the bird dog go over the wall

& with the trendsetter at their back ....you are in

Pullback (conservative) entry
Sames as the ( Initial (aggressive) entry )
But this time the 12 ema trigger man waits in ambush
for price to come back into his line of fire
price touches or passes through the trigger man 12 ema space  & comes back through again
The trigger man always wants to be between price & the wall 24 ema
with the wall 24 ema between him & trendsetter 75ema
when he takes the trade

Exit

you are out when the trigger man & bird dog come back over the wall

or trendsetter comes over the wall after the trigger man & bird dog

--- 帖子 #15 ---
So I guess that in a case like this we would wait for the wall to have trend setter at its back and then look for a pull back to trigger man and take an entry from there assuming of course that this up move stays intact.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Does this 30 minute timeframe look promising? The wall almost has trendsetter at its back. So now if I understand this correctly, we want price to come down through trigger man and then enter as price comes back up through trigger man provided that the wall and trendsetter cooperate.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Just doing a quick visual look back I notice that price does not always penetrate or even touch trigger man (only bird dog gets a sniff) so a lot of pullback entries could be missed. Maybe need to have some discresion with this.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
We need to ask the creator of this thread - it is his system

but I might ask the creator, if this might be the rules of battle

If the bird dog 8 ema sniffs price out

and trigger man 12 ema is not to far away from the wall 24 ema
and the price "the Target" cuts back towards the wall the 24 ema from a distances
and them tries to out run the dog 8 ema in the opp. direction from wall 24 ema

with the trend finder 75ema where he should be

then trigger man should do your duty

--- 帖子 #19 ---
I must say I am not normally a big fan of MA crosses

but I think this is pretty good one.

it is sometimes easier to see what is going on in the crosses

if you take out the candles ..& just put the price line in - "The target" which is the red line

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USD/JPY 60 mins

TEB

--- 帖子 #20 ---
James, when the short averages are not in sync with the 72 EMA, there is no signal. If you scroll back and look at the times when the short EMAs turned down with the 72 EMA still up, you'll find little worth trading. Now if price were to move up past 2.0040 with authority, we have a confirmed 72 EMA bounce. But right now we're stuck in a tight range.

On the 30M I am looking for 20 pips. Sometimes I will simply TP there. Or, you can use classic support and resistance. Some would use fibs and pivots, but that's not really my thing because it's essentially voodoo. But hey, if voodoo can make money, by all means. The 30M signals will sometimes turn into full-fledged trends. Whether to hold is a matter of discretion. I personally would look to take a nice profit, then wait to see if we get a bona fide hourly signal.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Bird dog? Trigger man? That's some hilarious stuff there. The chart is spot on. Though if there is a wall in this system, it's the 72 EMA ("trendsetter"--appropriate name), not the 24. Look at how nicely the 72 is supporting cable at the moment. My brain doesn't do well with metaphors, so I will stick to describing the EMAs with respect to their period lengths. I won't discourage use of metaphors, but it might be more difficult to answer your questions if you don't refer to EMAs by length.

As to your later post with the candles omitted, I don't like EMA crosses either unless the EMAs are short. Otherwise there is simply too much of a lag. I couldn't follow which average you were using for a target, but this isn't an EMA cross system. Let's try to stay on topic.

I appreciate all of your compliments. There's still more to come.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
FXHermit, I only use the M30 for "initial" entries (see above). For bounces, one hour chart, using primarily the 12 and 24 EMAs. A slow trend will pull back to the 24, a faster trend will go only as far as the 12 plus or minus a few pips. Again, the metaphors...my brain hurts.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
the target is a 1 sma

I just replaced the candles with the normal price line

its on your chart right beside the candle sign on the tool bar

nice system.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Thanks for the reply! I like the voodoo comment because so many traders I know depend on it (LOL). This is why I enjoy your system, it is logical and easy to understand. I have been lurking on this forum for about 6 months, and soon I will contribute my system as well. I believe your MA system is the best I've seen and I appreciate you taking the time to reveal this piece of art. My system is designed to capture 15-20 pips per trade but I am still trying to master the entry. I use Tom Demark trendlines as a filter and I leave a lot of pips on the table, but my theory is a little of something is better than nothing. Do you use trailing stops with this system?

--- 帖子 #25 ---
I'm also not a big fan of MA's to get entry. You cannot however go wrong with buy the dips in an uptrend and sell the rallies in downtrend. I've normally used 50, 100 and 200 ema's for support/resistance levels but we'll certainly give these a whirl.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
It seems we think alike and I look forward to reading about your system. Traders delude themselves into thinking that tools such as price-derivative indicators, pivot points, and fibonacci retracements give them some kind of control over the market. They are merely tools, and fallible tools at that. As Vantage said, there is no substitute for the time-tested concepts of following trends, buying or selling on pullbacks, and using support and resistance. That is all you need. Conversely, you don't need it all. Compound 10, or even 5 pips a day, and you are well on your way to financial freedom.

Trailing stops can certainly be used with this system. If you take the long-term approach, once you are in profit by a certain number of pips you can place a trailing stop at a price level that would cause the 12 to cross the 24 in the direction opposite to your trade. (That is the long-term exit.) I use Cornflower to enter short-term trades for, yes, 15-20 pips. I just took 17 on the breakout from 2.0040, and I am content not to take another trade today.   However, I encourage the readers of this thread to use the longer-term version of this system, as short-term trading requires more nuance and skill, which can only be gained through experience.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Would anyone be able to programme an alert for when price enters the entry zone? This would be very helpful as I plan to trade this system with a number of charts.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
lever70, thanks a lot for sharing the system. I am not a big fan of MA systems but Cornflower is very simple. I like it. I had read about it but did not try it before up to now.

I have a question. You said you made 17 pips on the breakout from 2.0040 on GBP just now. The up move happened so suddenly. I don't see any entry on my 30 m. chart because the candle closed above 2.060. Are you looking at 15 or 5m. charts as well? Do you enter while the 30 m. bar is being formed? That is very dangerous with the GBP. Please let me know.

Thanks...

--- 帖子 #29 ---
I am still detailing the nuances of this system, which is why my entry is not clear. This was not an initial entry on the M30 chart, but rather a 72 EMA bounce on the 1 hr. Quite often price will consolidate around the 72 EMA. So long as price does not break down below the 72, the trend is still in place, and when price breaks out from the consolidation area around the 72, we have trend resumption and can trade that break. Anticipating the break, I put in an entry order at 43 (40 + spread) about 2 hours prior to the move. I took profit using the M5 chart. I will post regarding short term charts this weekend. I want to emphasize, however, that you do not need the M5 to successfully trade this system.

All 3 short-term averages are moving back up. Eventually we can look for a pullback entry in accordance with the hourly rules. It might take a while, though.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Thanks lever70. I clearly see there were 2 bounces from the 72 EMA. It took off the second time. There is no other way to catch such abrupt moves except by putting advance orders. I am looking forward to hearing about short term charts...

--- 帖子 #31 ---
PORKPIE

Is your pooch, missing a tooth.?

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Something you said struck a serious nerve with me (in a good way)! I definitely can agree with everything you said. We absolutely think identical and I would like to continue communicating with you. I am using Tom Demark trend lines to compliment your system. The trend lines act as a filter for the next entry. If the trend is up, I will ignore minor retracements (This is where Tom Demark trend lines filter reversals) Your system identify everything I need to make my pips and wait for the next signal.

Wow, it's late... going to bed.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Lever,

I cannot agree more with your comments. I like your rational approach to trading. To me that is the only logical way to approach this business. Otherwise you are leaving your decisions in the hands of "unknown / mystical" powers. I am studying your system with attention. I am a guy with a "real" job in the EST time zone, and that is why your comment regarding the effectiveness of this system during the quiet asian session struck a cord on me.

Thanks again.

AC

--- 帖子 #34 ---
I had some one ask me if i was making fun of this system

and I would say not at all.

it is a basic MA crosses

He has added to it the 2nd & better idea " of bounce or break"

Most traders have used some form of this

I don't think I have ever used 8,12,24,72 emas

- have used 5 ema 12ema(13 ema, 8sma) 24 ema(25 ema) 72 ema (75 ema)

and with good M.M. they all work & you will make lots of money.

two tricks I have found that may help

on any "MA bounce or breaks" systems

that give you a better in & keep you out of bad trades

ie getting chopped to death are

1. if you are trading on the 1 hour chart

.. when you get the set up you want

drop down to the 15 min chart

put a sars on it & let the sars be the enter sign

you will get a better price

& miss about 30% of the bad trades.

I like this one

2. if you want to keep it all on one chart

put on a slow stoch at 14,3,3 low/high

and only trade with it

& again it will miss about 25% of the bad trades.

don't do both it will only confuse the issue,

I have tried ... do one or the other

so again I was just having fun ...

what I said was how I first was able to understand

the MA crosses - breaks or bounces.

I was hoping it might help some one

& to be honest I was a little borded

TEB

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Actually Teb, I for one enjoy your humour. Although trading is a serious business so is being human and a little levity is an important part of that. Your insights and contributions to these forums have helped many a trader improve their game plan, it certainly has helped me. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #36 ---
TEB, I appreciate the humorous metaphors.  I, for one, did not get the impression that you were poking fun.  Levity is always a good thing.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
It's late in the day, but GBPJPY, EURJPY, and USDJPY are all signaling long on the 1 hr.  The crosses are volatile.  GBPJPY requires a 100 pip stop if you are trading longer term.  That thing can move 50 pips in the blink of an eye and it's not for the faint of heart.  EURJPY is good for a carry play with a stop of around 70 pips.

GBPUSD, my speciality, has bounced again off the 72 EMA, though I would not enter right before Friday close.  It looks very similar to how AUDUSD did earlier in the day before it took off.

USDCHF is close to a 1 hr long set up but the long-term downtrend argues against it.

The exotic GBPAUD is now signaling short, but it needs a pullback.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Post erased by Kalil, I guess I win some and lose some.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Hello leaver,

thanks for sharing your great system in such a professional way. I like it very much. Can't wait to trade it next week.

Have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Time for a new broker. I use Oanda. You can't beat their spreads and execution. TP and SL always honored. Yes, they widen their spreads at news, but that's not what this system is about.

At the very least, your entry and TP were sound. It's a good setup and has a good chance of working out in the end. If not, that's trading.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
In addition to the two entries I descibed previously, there is another way to enter trades. Price will decline to the level of the 72 EMA, causing the shorter EMAs to turn around. It then finds support at the 72 EMA, consolidating for the better part of a day (if not more), and establishes a trading range. We can anticipate a break of that range back in the direction of the trend, placing an entry order at the top of that range, plus 1 pip, plus the spread. This was how I entered my trade on Friday.

When we are in a swing trade, and we see price starting to stall, we need to anticipate the price level that would cause the 12 EMA to cross back under or over the 24 EMA. We can either calculate this algebraically (a pain without an MT expert indicator--hint hint), or simply draw a trendline once we see the shorter EMAs begin to flatten out. I am a fan of Tom Demark's "TD" trendlines. We draw the trendline from the most recently established significant low or high back in time to the previous significant low or high, and place a stop loss order (NOT a take profit) at that price. Sometimes the EMAs will cross without breaching the trendline, and we simply exit. But violent reversals do present themselves, and we have to be ready:

http://img145.imageshack.us/img145/5...pybreaksr0.gif

Notice how I also drew a trendline on the highs. Declining highs are a warning sign. When price fails to break out from a trendline drawn on them, a reversal may be at hand. Indeed, you could have exited before the lower trendline break when you saw the bull trap and subsequent sell off. But it takes experience to properly judge these conditions.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
I have posted my rulebook.  This is not itself a trading system, but a set of general rules to be followed no matter what system one is trading.  Please see the new thread:

http://forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=26596

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Well, Asian market has opened and the GBP/USD looks to be setting up for a downtrend on the 30 minutes. I really like this system! The only question I have is after the initial break of the 72 EMA, and profit is met, when do you return back in the market? Do I wait for another pullback to the 12 or 24, and if so, how do you measure the strength of the trend (What I am trying to say is I was wondering if you have a way to detect when the movement is running out of gas)?

Thanks

James

--- 帖子 #44 ---
That was a good 30M initial setup. Bar closed at the bottom of its range below the 72 EMA with support from the shorter EMAs. I just woke up and missed that move! I hope you made some pips on it.

Yes, you wait for a pullback to the area between the 12 and 24 EMAs. The strength of trend can be judged by the angles of the EMAs, particularly the 8 and 12. I will post more about this later today.

Edit: In my post above I talked about how declining highs are a sign that the move is perhaps at its end.  This is one instance where an indicator like MACD might be useful, but I do not have a rule formulated on its use.  The 12-24 reverse EMA cross is pretty reliable.  GBPUSD has declined nearly 100 pips since we got it.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
That was a great setup! Made 14 pips minus a 4 pip spread. Overall, a very good profit. I am going to switch to Oanda because I am tired of shady brokers. I really enjoyed reading your writings about compounding. I am actually doing this now. I think I am going to have some breakfast and just enjoy myself today (Profit target made, no need to go back in the markets until tomorrow). Thanks again for such a great system!

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Hi,

thanks for that nice system, i study it the last days back, and it looks great.

The question is no, what is the best for me. My account is now not so big, and i need 1-2 month to spend money there.

So i ask you here, its better for me to plan every day trade 3-4 hours and hope there will come an nice trade, and trade with small SL.

Or is better to try catch the long runs (days) ?, but then i need very big SL.

Please give me ideas.

Thanks

Mosbsie

--- 帖子 #47 ---
After the profit is met on the 30m break of 72 - do you wait for pullback

to the area between 12 and 24 on the 30m chart, or do you go to 1h chart?

With other words, do you trade pullbacks on the 30m?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Hey Pluto,

My understanding is the 30M is used for entry and the pullbacks are on the 1HR. I am still trying to understand it better but I did this during the Asian market and it worked out great. There were several signals to get back in after my initial profit, but I sat them out because I made my target for the day. IMO, I think entry on the 30M and exit on the 1HR is a good system (Let the profit ride).  But I only  trade for 10-20 pips, so usually my TP is activated before the first pullback.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Kalil-jawwad,

thanks for your reply

May the pips be with you.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
A daily or 4-hour system is perfectly acceptable if you want a life.   Even with my hourly system, there's no need to sit in front of the computer all day looking for trades.  Metatrader can send you alerts via email if the price reaches a certain level, and you can also place entry orders.  And between 3-7 pm New York time the market is inactive.  Take a nap.  Feed the birds.  Save the whales while you're at it.

There is nothing wrong with trading longer-term.  It's what the big boys do, and if it works for them, it can work for you too.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
That's the right attitude. If more traders thought this way, that "95%" figure would be much smaller. Have discipline, and have a life too.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
I don't trade pullbacks on the 30M.  The 30M is for a short-term trade of between 10 and 50 pips.  That's not to say that you can't trade pullbacks on the 30M.  It's just riskier.

Experimentation is a good thing.  I have not been trading this system that long, so there is certainly room for it to evolve.  That is why I posted it.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
I want everyone to know that I am actually trading this system and not merely theorizing it.  So, here are some screenshots.  All times GMT -5.  Go Cubbies:

http://img79.imageshack.us/img79/3176/gbpusd1rc1.jpg

http://img79.imageshack.us/img79/7493/gbpusd2if7.jpg

(Those last two from the Asian session.  Sometimes it moves.)

http://img79.imageshack.us/img79/6149/gbpusd3xt4.jpg

http://img102.imageshack.us/img102/7677/gbpjpyuc8.jpg

(The first trade was not a Cornflower entry.  More on that later.)

--- 帖子 #54 ---
HI

Thank you for your system its look great.

I have a question about the M30 system, after the price cross the 72 ema with aouthority do we have to wait that the 24 ema also cross it or we have to enter the trade?

thank you for your time and efforts to make us better tradares

regards,

simon

--- 帖子 #55 ---
If you are taking the M30 entry, you want the shorter EMAs to already be in a perfect order (8 over 12 over 24).  When this is true, it means that price has been building toward a breakout.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
congratulations, they are many indicator compilations out there who ressemble to this method, but none of them are so perfectly fit to work together precisely as Cornflower.

the mix of the 8/12 at market price, to the first closer (famous) 24 resistence what definse the movement at time, as also the sharp 72 for a longer submission...

even Bagovino or Vanessa Fx can't beat that, without talking about of wasting time with the 100 and 200 on long termes...

as you told the major support resistance recognisation or murraymath can be realy helpfull...

thank you for sharing, very nifty

(apologize my english)

--- 帖子 #57 ---
I have been testing the 4HR chart using this wonderful system. Another 20 pips made. The key to successful trading is compounding your account. Some traders continue to fail because they always try to take all the profits off the table. I only take about 10-20 pips but I compound it. When my account increases by $1k, I would increase 1 lot for every $1k made. Attached is how I use this system created by in my opinion, a brilliant trader indeed.

System:

Cornflower System (8,12,24,72) Thank you so much for this!

4HR chart

Zig Zag indicator

MACD (Default Settings)

Entry:

Only trade with the 72 EMA, if prices are long, only take long trades. Do the opposite for shorts.

Use the Zig Zag for another visual indicator to support the 8 EMA. This is only for visual confirmation of pullbacks, etc.

MACD is used to assist with showing how much steam the present trend has.

Enter again when prices pullback to the 12 or 24 and the MACD and Zig Zags are all in agreement.

That is it!

Thanks Felicia!

By the way, another 20 pips made (My wife and I started polishing my golf clubs again)!

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Hi Felicia!

What configuration are you using for zigzag and macd?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #59 ---
If you are trading only hourly, yes, you would wait for the 24 ema to cross the 72 ema. Then you wait for a pullback. You can use the 30M chart for the kind of entry you are describing; see the "initial" rules.

You'll have to ask James, it's his innovation. MACD default is normally 12, 26, 9. On the 4 hr, FF member Philip Nel (edit: NOT VyNNer) has had success with 5, 13, 1. I don't know what ZigZag is.

James, I am really happy to hear that you are having success with my system and that you are making it your own. Good work.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Wow, thanks for the MACD settings, made the change and it looks great on the 4HR. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Lever 70

Thank you for a great system. I was wondering about your method of trading the breakout with the recent situation on the EurUsd. You can see on the H1 chart there is strong support from the 200 ema and trend line. Noting that the 12 +24 Ema are still below the72 Ema, would you recommend placing a buy order above the topside trend line in anticipation, rather than wait for the crossover and buy on the pullback to the 12Ema

--- 帖子 #62 ---
It would not follow the rules of my system. Cornflower breakout entries are identified on the 30M chart according to the rules I set out.

That said, trendlines are a solid tool, and your strategy is certainly one way of trading the breakout. There is nothing wrong with combining my system with other tools; just be aware that you are trading something different and must follow rules of your own devising. You can trade a trendline breakout, exit at a logical place, and then look for a Cornflower pullback.

Though I encourage traders to make this system their own, try to avoid overcomplicating things. We don't need 12 different indicators to validate a trade or exit. At a certain point, you have to take the trade if the setup is there. If you lose, on to the next setup.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Apologies for interrupting an intelligent discussion like this with what must seem a crassly stupid question to you guys, but I'm new to this stuff and trying to get the hang of it. Can I ask is the reason for going long when the price pulls back between the 12 and 24EMAs because the assumption is that it will rise again if the EMAs are pointing in the right direction ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Yes, that's correct.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
hello again,

i would just post now a current short,

i've added the t3 alarm of the (simple system), what you can find here

http://www.forexfactory.com/newreply...ote=1&p=281840

also a zigzag pointer and a shi-silvertrendsig...

Stochastics of 21,9,9 for slow and 13,5,5 for fast movement...

i hope it can help you to clearify entries and exits

here an image, and thank all thus who gave us this possibilities

http://img177.imageshack.us/img177/1130/profitwg1.jpg

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #67 ---
That's not a Cornflower short.  Price is not below the 72 EMA.  In fact, I have no idea what you're doing here whatsoever.

One of the principles of this system is simplicity.  Why all of these superfluous indicators?  An indicator is not going to give you more certainty.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
First and foremost, I would like to apologize to Felicia for altering this wonderful system. For a day or so, I fell back into the "INDICATOR MAN". This system is simplicity trading at it's best and we should respect that. I believe the best way to succeed using this system is to drop the other indicators that are congesting our charts and just listen to the author. I have now taken all my research and knowledge about trading and dedicated my time to become an expert with this system. I have had four back to back profitable trades, I would like to continue that winning streak.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
I fear I may have stoked the flames when I casually mentioned the MACD.  But there's no apology necessary.  There's nothing wrong with altering a system to suit a marked change in trading conditions and/or the trader's personality.  In my most recent post I was simply pointing out the need to keep this system true to its intent.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Thanks Felicia,

Most of us here have an indicator box bulging at the seams in our search for the "Holy Grail". Patience for the right setup with price action is the best indicator.Thanks again for investing your time in us

--- 帖子 #71 ---
There is really not a lot to it. You wait until price has pulled back on the hourly, then look for a resumption of trend on your M5 chart when the market is active. A break of a lazy range or channel is one simple way to do it, perhaps with a stop on the opposite side of the channel. Igor Toschchakov's Beat the Odds in Forex Trading details many setups of this type. Like me, he is adverse to excessive indicators. He posts here as Igrok.

Another method is detailed by Phillip Nel:

http://forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=11854

The system I use is remarkably similar to Phillip's and I recommend you read up on his method.

Aggressive trends pull back to the area between the 5 and 10 EMAs. Philip's is an 10/21 pullback system. Same principle. Gauge the speed of the trend and trade accordingly. Bollinger bands (20,2) are good for this. They widen when velocity speeds up, and contract when price slows down. When price begins to travel on the outer band like a monorail, you have an aggressive trend and should expect few pullbacks. Otherwise, wait for a good price.

Finally, one must always be aware of the previous day's high and low, and areas of support and resistance. S&R is the founding principle of technical analysis. Ignore at your peril.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
http://img72.imageshack.us/img72/7415/steephu1.gif

A sharp selloff like this is subject to a significant pullback, perhaps all the way to the 72 EMA. The best Cornflower swing trades start off slowly and gather steam. Of course, if it starts moving down again with velocity, by all means hop on the train. But remember that the long-term trend is UP.

Edit: posted 1:15 am NY time.  This chart is GMT +2.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
I think the prices will pullback to the 72 as well. Good stuff!

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Did we call that, or what?

http://img242.imageshack.us/img242/3533/steep2ev7.gif

Shorts get whacked as big boys accumulate on the cheap ahead of advance GDP, for which they obviously have less than high hopes.  I took 20 pips on the break downward off the 12 EMA.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
http://img265.imageshack.us/img265/6...titled1sd2.gif

The reversal could be explained because it meet 2 strong support - the daily trend line and last month low.

But how to tell it will hit ma72?

(sorry about the Stoch...it's gone now.)

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Well Well, it was a nifty short of 21 pips before reversal a pull back, it exists persons maybe like me who will prejudge this action as a full revers for a short giong trend, thats why i have add the indicators to prevent this behaviour, and he can judge better the reaction of the market, and if you think that this indis are superflous and give not more certainity, after my experience, i have traded only with this all the time, thank you and sorry, i thought this thread is for optimizing the system, and everyone can add a little idea

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Just on the basis of testing and experience, that is what often happens.  We can't predict, but we can anticipate and trade accordingly.

3 stochastics in one pane?  That will be a 20 pip fine, sir (payable in pounds, of course).

--- 帖子 #78 ---
I still can't follow how you got into this trade. Glad you made out well on it, but it's not recognizable as a trade according to my rules.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Hey everyone,

First post in this thread. I primarily trade the news, but I'd like to start getting into the more technical side of things as well. I'm following a couple different systems, and I really like what I'm reading about this one. Keep up the good work.

I have a question though. Would someone be able to give me an explanation/example or two on exactly what a pullback would look like (ala the conservative entry)? I've been manually backtesting against some charts but I feel like I'm missing something.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
It's a beautiful thing! Another 20 pips for me too! Ending my Friday on a good note.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Hey Quick welcome!

The system is great and very easy to understand. I promise you I will present an example of an entry, pullback, and re-entry. Today is close of markets and my wife and I are taking the kids to the movies, but later on this evening (Eastern Standard Time), I will attach a chart.

Have a great weekend!

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Hey lever70,

Thanks for sharing this system with us!  I use your MA's a bit differently than you, but your ideas are the basis of my entries.  I placed 7 trades last night and today, and here's how they're looking:

Thanks again,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Well, the kids are taking a very long time to get ready for the movies so I figured I would take a few minutes to post a chart example. I hope this will help! Felicia is the master, I am just a crazed stalker of the cornflower (smile)!

--- 帖子 #84 ---
There was also divergence between price and MACD right at the monthly support.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hi guys, here is my 1st trade using this system using 4H time frame.  Short on USD/CHF.  It was a perfect setup price right below the 72EMA and direction confirmed by MACD round top.

+30 pips gained when the trade got stopped out.

Anybody else trading this system in 4H?

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Congrats! What a good way to end the week!

30+ pips good job!

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Hello, Felicia,

Thank you for your sharing. Your system is simple and reliable, just what I am looking for. I am new and just starting to trade real money. The points you make are invaluable and the simplicity of the Cornflower rules is elegant. I am new to the Meta Trader platform, but I can program and have been able to code an indicator (not this one) that works. I'll work on this one and see if I can get it to send an email to a recipient for any of the charts when your Cornflower setup is in place.

Best wishes,

Bruce

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Wow.  Great charts, great trades!   Rock on.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
I am so pleased that forum members are having success trading Cornflower.  Thank you all for taking the time to read and learn about my efforts.

Cornflower can be traded purely off the 1H chart.  But here is my 5 min chart, which I use to time entries:

http://img95.imageshack.us/img95/834/5mingf5.gif

The settings are:

5 EMA (blue, thicker)
10 EMA (dark orchid, thicker)
21 EMA (maroon)
50 EMA (black)
Bollinger Bands (20, 2 in black dotted)
Background color: 214,168,105

Before I discovered Philip Nel's system I just had the 5 and 10 EMAs.  The 21 does a nice job of showing the way price is going.  On the the hourly chart, you would wait for the usual pullback to the 12/24 EMA area, then switch to the M5 and wait for trend resumption as indicated by the 5/10 EMA combo and price movement.
The active trader can trade the pullback to the 10 EMA, so long as it is supported by the 21 EMA, and in the direction indicated by the hourly chart.  Your stop would be a close below the 21 EMA.  You can scalp using this chart, but if it's moving nicely you can certainly get 10-20 pips, if not more.

An aggressive trend will pull back only to the 5 EMA, and will sometimes just ride up the outer BB (as we see here with the reversal on Friday).  You have to know when to trade the pullback and when to ride the rail, which is something that you can gauge only through experience.  I also watch 1 minute candles, but more on that another time.

Again, this 5M method is not at all necessary to trade Cornflower.  Think of it as another tool.  I have attachment capability now, so here's the template for both this and Cornflower hourly.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
When trading off the 5M chart, does that mean you do not use the higher TF as a confirmation?

--- 帖子 #91 ---
No, I said "in the direction indicated by the hourly chart."  I do not like trading against it.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
thank you for the .tmp felicia

Ps: Harvest pips, increase lots, repeat.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Whistle while you work.

http://img402.imageshack.us/img402/8822/eurjpy2zy8.gif

http://img248.imageshack.us/img248/1695/eurjpy1js1.gif

--- 帖子 #94 ---
5M Chart for entry? I have the 1HR chart down but I am confused about the 5M entry. Can you assist me Felicia?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #95 ---
I talked about this in posts 71 and 89.  Sorry if it wasn't clear.  I'll post about it again later today when I have time.

You don't need the 5M.  It just helps with timing the entry a bit better.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
GBP/USD

Price punch through 72EMA. I didnt wait for the candle to close since MACD confirmed double bottom. long @ 1.9965 and closed @ 2.0005.

+40 pips gained

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Again, I want to emphasize that this aspect of my system is completely optional, especially if you are trading longer term. However, short-term traders can benefit by combining the hourly Cornflower with a shorter timeframe.

The idea in using the 5-min chart is simply to time the entry more precisely. It is in keeping with the concept of multiple timeframe trading. When price reaches a key EMA on the H1, we can look to the 5-min to see whether price is resuming the trend. This eliminates some of the guesswork involved as far as whether to enter on the pullback to the 8, 12, 24, or even 72 EMA.

The 5-min chart has different settings than the hourly, which I detailed in post #89 (I also attached a template). On the 5-min, we want the 5 EMA to have crossed over the 10 EMA (and preferably over the 21) to verify a long bias. We obviously want the opposite order for a short bias. If the 5-min bias is counter to trend shown on the H1 chart, we do not trade. Only when the ducks are lined up on both charts do we have a trade possibility. Quack.

The rules for entering on the 5m chart as follows:

1. The 5 ema will have crossed over or under the 10 ema. Price velocity is increasing, and the pair has perhaps broken out of a sleepy trading range. In other words, it is clear from the movement of the price that the hourly trend has resumed.

AND

2. Price pulls back to the area around the 10 ema. We wait until price resumes trend direction a second time, and then we enter. This resumption can be indicated by either a strong close in the direction of the trend, or clear and distinct movement in the direction of the trend.  Sometimes price will only pull back to the 5 ema.  Whether to enter on the 5 or 10 EMA is up to the trader.  Again, experience counts here.

OR

3. We simply hop on the train if price is moving too fast to wait for a pullback. This is the case if nearly the entire body of the 5m candle is coextensive with the outer bollinger band line.

Exit at your discretion. Possible exit signals are a short doji that is floating entirely outside the outer BB, or a 5m candle with a nasty wick pointing opposite to the direction of your trade. Or you can get out at 15-20 pips. Or, hold in accordance with the hourly rules and exit when the 12 crosses the 24 on the hourly chart. Do not exit at a loss if you have 20 pips. Some would quibble with me on this (give the trade a chance, let your winners run, don't stop believing, etc.), but I am not one to let a profit turn into a loss. The best trades never do anyway.

Some might be tempted to take the countertrend trade on a doji or wick.  Don't get cute.  We are trend traders.  Leave the scrounging to others.

A reasonable stop is below the 21 ema. You can always try again. OR, if you are trading longer term, 50 pips for cable, 70 for EURJPY and USDJPY, 100 for GBPJPY and GBPCHF, and perhaps 40 pips for the other pairs. When trading longer term, your lot sizes must be smaller to account for the wider stops. The small trade size is compensated by larger pip gains. Preserve your capital.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
The 5-min addition is for active market times only. Forget about using this for the Asian session, which is active only every once in a while. Without volatility, the 5-min chart is useless.

(Edit: As you can see from my EURJPY chart, Asia was moving last night. When it's active, you obviously can use the 5-min. Sundays appear to be more active than other days. Traders need their crack.)

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Felicia,

Thanks for sharing this system, I've been reading through it with great interest.  I'm currently playing with it on demo, and if it's as good as it seems upon initial study I'll go live with it in the near future.

BTW, what happened to our Cubbies tonight?

--- 帖子 #100 ---
They went back to being the Cubbies.  Never bet against the trend.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Thank you so much for your detail explanation Felicia! I will try the 5M tomorrow during the US session. Thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Hey, nice +65 pip gain on GBPUSD today before the dump....worked well !!

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Sweet, Sejake.  That hourly setup was perfect.  Glad you were out before the news.  I took 20 off that.  What is the EA you have attached to your chart?

--- 帖子 #104 ---
The EA converts the price to a file so I can use it in various third party charting programs.

Regards,

Sejake

--- 帖子 #105 ---
lever70,

I've already thanked you here before and told you that I use your method, but in a different light.  Since it has been so successful for me, I thought I'd share with everyone my way of trading your method.  And if it is deemed inappropriate or irrelevant, then let me know.

I'm not sure if anyone has read Jacko's thread in Journal Factory, but let me be the first to tell you that it is a million units in gold.  Simple, but extremely effective.  Combined with your entries, it is basically Pipsgiving with a fat pip-turkey.

I use Jacko's method to determine the trend:

1) Daily chart

If Price goes from bottom left to top right, the trend is up.  If price goes from top left to bottom right, trend is down.

2) 3-Hour chart (4-hour would work, I'm sure)

If Price goes from bottom left to top right, the trend is up.  If price goes from top left to bottom right, trend is down.

3) 1-Hour chart

If Price goes from bottom left to top right, the trend is up.  If price goes from top left to bottom right, trend is down.

I know what you're thinking... DUH.  That's what I thought, too.

Now, if all three timeframes are in an uptrend, then use your entry method for long entries as usual.  Vice versa for shorts.

My sole issue with your method was its Risk:Reward.  50 pips risked for 20 pips gained means you better be pretty darn accurate and generate a lot of wins.  So, what I do is let the trades run until I look at the hourly chart and it no longer shows the trend I'm in.  This improves the Risk:Reward greatly; especially when you are jumping in a long-term trend.

Basically,  if I'm long and the hourly chart is going from top left to bottom right, then I exit.

Why am I telling you this? Because I am up 667 pips from the beginning of last week.  This represents a 32% increase of my account all in one week and a half's time.

Thanks again and I hope this helps,

Kevin

Here are my current trades:

--- 帖子 #106 ---
The amount of zoom put on a chart totally controls whether it shows an uptrend or downtrend using the method you described.

Look at a current GBP/USD 1HR chart.

Zoom it all the way out- you have a marked uptrend.

Zoom it all the way in- you have a marked downtrend.

As you zoom through it, you go from an uptrend, to a sideways trend, to a downtrend.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
This is why using multiple timeframes is key... I try to include about 100 or so candles in my chart window.

Good luck,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Hello

Nice system

can someone Code an indicator that  alert when  8,12,24 EMA's Cross?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Kharvell, great trading.  Glad to see that this system with the ridiculous name is working for you.

Today we had multiple opportunities for entry on cable.

http://img465.imageshack.us/img465/8...flower4sp3.gif

Every pullback to the 12 EMA was tradable.  If you were using the 5 min you could have timed these nicely.  I suspect we will get a deeper pullback in the next 24+ hours as traders position themselves for NFP; how far is anyone's guess.  There are also two news events that pose event risk, so be on your toes.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
One other thing, I am not risking 50 pips to make 20.  The 50 pip stop is if you are trading longer-term like Kharvell.  When I am looking to make 20 intraday my stop is tight, about 10 pips.  Of course, it is good to let it run past 20 if it clearly wants to.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Kevin, I don't understand "top left to bottom right..." what are you talking about? Looks like you trade the CAD/JPY quite a bit. I have never traded this pair. Will take a look at it.

Regarding R:R

Here is a little program I wrote to help me track my trades, P/L, etc. I offered this also to all of Phil's MACD traders. Use the spinner to adjust SL. I have also incorporated the R/R program into this one. Send me an email if you can use it. Feel free to suggest any improvements as I use it everyday.

To your success,
eric@ericbelen.com

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Do we use the same method for a bounce as we do for a cross?

So would it be a good idea to wait for pulback on the euro/usd  at about 9:00 central time?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
We don't trade crosses.  Crosses merely indicate trend direction. We pullbacks/trend resumptions from key EMAs, or the breakout from the 72 EMA on the 30M chart, or the breakout from a congestion area above or below the 72 EMA.  The longer term exit is the 12 crossing the 24 on the 1 hr chart.

As for EURUSD, I would not enter a position the day before NFP after the peak of the NY session.  In fact, let's make that a rule:

No new positions are to be entered after 10am NY Time on the day before non-farm payroll.  Holding positions is at the trader's discretion, but an exit is recommended if you are in profit.

Expect a lot of choppiness until NFP and perhaps a pullback to the 72 EMA.

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Hi and thanks for sharing!

Don't you wait for candle close? Do you use a moment of price pulling into area, not candle-close?

Then how do you know that it's pullback, not trend changing?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #115 ---
short on USD/CHF @ 1.2152 closed @ 1.2105.  It is still going down - I think it will hit the next stop @.2094 but I am happy with 47 pips.

+47 pips gain

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Could you please explain: how did you entered short if EMA72 showing up-trend? I mean WHY did you used this movement as break EMA72 and not as pull down? Well, why short?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Look at the chart and price action. This is a counter trend on 4H target is 72EMA. The reasons why I took this trade are:

1. Prev candle showing bearish engulfing

2. MACD confirmation round top - short direction

3. R:R is good +50 pips to 72EMA

Once price breaks 74.2 fib, it will likely to continue to 100 as you can see on the chart but I closed my position knowing that the 72EMA is present. I hope this make sense.

Chart correction: Bearish Engulf instead of Bullish

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Now clean. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #119 ---
EUR/USD just broke the 72EMA so here is my next pending trade.  I might let this one stay open over the weekend.

+10 pips so far.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
I'm impressed! Good job!

--- 帖子 #121 ---
who uses the 4hr charts with this system?

Could you explain to me how you use it.

I am a conservative trader and would like to know your oppinions on a good strategy to use with this one.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
I'm getting a bit frustrated with this thread.   I'm glad you had a nice trade, but it has no place here.  Countertrend trades don't conform to my rules at all.  Is it really too much to ask that this thread be confined to the discussion of the system I outlined?

These multiple attempts  to alter this system with indicators, fibs, etc., are contrary to my trading methodology.  I would like people to try following Cornflower as I defined it, on hourly and 30M charts, with discussions of timing entries on 5M charts..  It is a base from which we can work, collaborate, and help improve each others' trading.  If there's an unwillingness to share this common ground, I will go elsewhere.

Sorry if this comes off as a bit prickly.  I just don't see what is so wrong with staying on topic and following the Cornflower rules.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
your system is awesome, but there exist maybe persons like me, who have not enough self confidence, to trust the entries, thats why we may use a little help from here and there adding some indicators, it's nothing against you or misspelling your methods... apologize

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Ithink when there is a system like cornflour, you know one that will work with good consistancy, we have to build that confidence by using the rules of the trade. doing back test will normally buid that confidence.

I see nothing wrong with tayloring a system to ones own style. But maybe that should be done on another thread, as lever started this to educate us on his system. This is not a thread, like many others where they want you to help improve a system. Lever seems to have started this thread to teach us his system.

I like using MA systems and this thread has given me a lot toward understanding them better. Thanks Lever I like it.

One problem I always have is when trading a bounce off of the 24 how do I know when its going to bounce and when its reversing? When trading a MA cross you normally have a low or a high to use as a stop, but on the pullback to the 24 sometimes the placement of stops is not clear to me. How do I place the stops on a 12 or 24 bounce trade?

--- 帖子 #125 ---
I understand where you're coming from, and it is only fairly recently that I myself ditched the indicators.   If I were a purist, I would not even use EMAs, which are still indicators.  I like EMAs because they help me see where price is going.  But to truly gain confidence, I think you need to get rid of all of these other indicators and start learing to trust the entries.  I have given the 5M template to help with timing, but I don't think you'll really need anything else except perhaps a glance at some longer term timeframes to gauge the strength of the dominant, long-term trend.  I also think classical technical analysis is great (support and resistance, anchors, trendlines, chart formations).  But if you put too many "stop lights" on your trades, you will miss some excellent opportunities.

Some of the charts that people post in threads here at FF really crack me up.  All sorts of indicators and lines and stuff...after a while they start to parody themselves.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Exactly.

Of course there is nothing wrong with altering a system to one's own style, and I welcome any helpful suggestions for improvement in this thread. It's just that most of these suggestions to date have been to use this or that indicator, etc., and there have been a couple of trades that simply do not follow the rules. We need to follow rules. And we need to get rid of the crutch of excessive indicators. I say "excessive" because even tools like EMAs and Bollinger Bands, which I use extensively, are indicators. But nothing beats price action and classic TA.

If you guys just can't help yourselves, then pick ONE indicator and throw it on the chart. I am not an ideologue, and if someone happens upon something interesting it is certainly worth a look. But price is the only indicator that matters in the end. If it's going up, it's going up even if the MACD(3,54,16) has not crossed above the zero line and the Ichimoku cloud cover is portending rain.

You're welcome. I'm glad you've found this system informative.

As far as knowing when it's going to bounce, a 5M chart comes in very handy and I've given some pointers on how to use it. Basically, you want to see that the trend is resuming. A short-term chart allows you to see this much sooner than the hourly.

We're not trading MA crosses. The placement of stops all depends on how long you plan to hold the trade. If you are going for a sustained move in the direction of the trend, I recommend the following:

GBPUSD, EURUSD, USDCHF: 50 pips

USDJPY, EURJPY: 70 pips

GBPJPY, GBPCHF: 100 pips

AUDUSD, NZDUSD, USDCAD, and most other pairs that exhibit lower volativity: 40 pips.

If you are going for a short term trade, use the 5M to time entries precisely such that the trade won't go against you more than 10 pips. You should try to make 20 pips, but get out sooner if it seems as if the trend might be reversing. Don't let a profit turn into a loss, ever.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
If you are trading ONLY on the hourly chart, it is not necessary to wait for the candle close, and doing so will prevent you from entering at a discount. You can put an entry order at the 12 or 24 EMA, depending on the angles of the shorter EMAs. If the angle is steep, go for the 12 EMA. If it's shallow, go for the space between the 12 and 24 EMAs, or just the 24 EMA.

Pullback vs. trend changing: the 5M helps with this. Please see my previous posts on how to use it.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Thanks I got this one now, and I think Ive been told this before, just take me some time to get things to sink in.

Now I bleieve that MAs give us a probability of where price is headed because of seeing what has happened in past history. so we are trading the higher probability.

Also I am noticing that when the MAs do change directions and cross that price often comes back to the MA it that was just crossed. simular to when a trendline or a high or low is broken it often comes back and retest.

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Lever70,

Thanks for sharing your system.  I still am working on getting the timing down, so I am still leaving pips on the table.  I use pivot points as well, which does help with the timing.  However, as with all things, it will just take some more experience with the system to be able to get the most out of it.

I have put up a 4HR chart (or sometimes the daily) to give myself another perspective on the trend.  I initiate the trade from the 1HR chart (using the 30M for another perspective.)   I haven't used the 5M yet, but intend to start working it in to the trades.

Thanks again for sharing and the time invested in helping others to be successful.

Clansman

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Both my H4 Triple Screen is showing Bullish GBPUSD. And so is H1 CornFlower so I took a long GBPUSD unfortunately at 1.9945 (with a small lot)... Will wait for it to work out.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
London was closed today and it wasn't the best day to trade Cable.    Unfortunately the 30M signaled an initial short several candles ago.  That doesn't mean you  get out; 9945 was a valid 24 EMA entry and price is hanging around the 72 EMA.  London session will tell the tale of the tape.  Sentiment should be bullish for Cable with the weak NFP and BOE later this week.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I was unfortunate to not have gotten filled on my limit buy at 1.9925 by just 1 pip - otherwise it would be a good profit by now (GBPUSD trading 1.9958/62)..

I am still + on my long Long GBPUSD; have TP at 70. will move it depending on how the market is reacting.. seems that the market is shorting usd again..

--- 帖子 #133 ---
How did you get that short signal?

--- 帖子 #134 ---
I switched to the 15M instead of the 30M.  The 8ema crossed the 12ema at my central pivot point, then both crossed the 24ema.  Went short on the GBP/USD at 1.9940.  TP at 1.9920 after price passed my S1 pivot.

The 15M seems to work well for my eyes.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
We're looking for a candle that closes with authority over or under the 72 EMA on the 30M chart:

http://img300.imageshack.us/img300/5...flower5zv7.gif

The one I was referring to is indicated by the first arrow. This would not have been a good one to take because it came late in the NY session. These "initial" signals are riskier and are not meant to be long-term trades. They are generally good for 20 pips, but will sometimes develop into full-blown trends.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Nothing wrong with that.  Just be aware that you're exposing yourself to more whipsaws.  I would restrict pullback entries to the 24 EMA.

Um, "Clansman" is not the best choice of name.  I mean, dude!

--- 帖子 #137 ---
End of day report. I will try to start doing this every day to maintain interest in this system. All traders should be aware of orange and red colored news announcements when they trade. A major economic release or statement can completely alter the market picture.

"Long" and "short" indicate the current bias. Traders should look for pullbacks to the 12/24 EMA area and/or use 5M to time entries in the direction of the trend.

Major USD Pairs

EURUSD - SHORT. At 8 EMA.

GBPUSD - SHORT. Aggressive start to trend. Pullback (PB) may be shallow here.

USDCHF - LONG. Short uptrend, look to 8/12 EMA area for entry.

USDCAD - NEUTRAL. Has switched to LONG on the 30M, but the downtrend has been strong. However, the pair is bouncing off 30-year lows, which correspond with its natural floor at 1.10. We're not going to see 1.00 before the Fed or BoC intervenes to lower the loonie.

AUDUSD - LONG. Has bounced off 12 EMA. This pair is very high. Be careful.

NZDUSD - NEUTRAL. Has been in aggressive uptrend along with AUDUSD.

USDJPY - NEUTRAL. 30M is switching to long.

Yen Crosses

GBPJPY - weak SHORT. I do not like trading against the carry, but the chart doesn't lie. Is hanging around the 24 EMA. If it goes above 238.75 it is neutral. Start looking for an initial long on the 30M or an authoritative resumption of the downtrend.

EURJPY - weak SHORT. Above 162.60 it's neutral. Very similar picture to GBPJPY.

AUDJPY - LONG. Bounced off 24 EMA.

NZDJPY - NEUTRAL. Has gone to sleep.

CADJPY - NEUTRAL.

CHFJPY - attractive SHORT at 12 EMA.

Other Crosses

AUDNZD - LONG but a very wicky chart with little movement.

EURAUD - aggressive SHORT. PB to 8/12 is shortable.

EURCAD - SHORT - any PB to 24 is shortable.

EURCHF - LONG. Look for 24 PBs.

GBPCHF - LONG. An overlooked pair with good volatility.

GBPCAD - SHORT. Not for the faint of heart. Use 100 pip stops.

Happy happy, trade trade.

-f

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Felicia,

why are GBP/JPY and EUR/JPY "weak" shorts?

We've seen ranging since last week, than strong down trend. Pullback to area between 12 and 24 EMA, not exactly shallow, but not deep either.

So I took it. I'm talking about EUR/JPY 1HR, conservative short entry.

How did you come up with 162.60 for eur/jpy (and accordingly price for gbp/jpy), that makes these pairs "neutral" to your system?

thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Yes, there was a strong downtrend, but the pullback has been steep, especially on GBPJPY (about a 60-degree angle).  This often happens when there is a sharp move up or down.  I like to see pullbacks that are curved as opposed to angled.

The prices for the two pairs I cited are simply a few pips above the recent highs.  If they move above those figures there is a high probability that they will retrace all the way to the 72 EMA, i.e., enough that we would get a long signal on the 30M.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
He mentioned weak because shorting these pairs is trading against the carry traders. Carry traders have loads and loads of money, they will protect their positions better than banks - they may even be banks themselves.

Trade with the Carry Traders. Once we smell the unwinding, go with them.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Yes, for that reason too.  I do not take shorts on JPY pairs.  At least not yet.

--- 帖子 #142 ---
The name Clansman refers to my Highland heritage, not to be confused with the Klan from the South.  I am a descendant of Rob Roy (either a hero or a freebooter, depending on who's version of history one chooses to believe.)  I prefer to wear a kilt to a function,...not a sheet.

Thanks again for sharing this great system.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Ah, I get it now.  Kilts are always welcomed attire at my party.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
oh how I wish I was a carry trader. I like the idea of having loads and loads of money!

joke aside, BurgerKing, thank you for the tip. It's something I didn't know but sure will keep in mind.

Now, I don't mean to litter the thread with phylosophical off-topic discussion, but if all traders big and small follow this principle, that would mean GBP/JPY and similar pairs would go up FOREVER, right? Carry traders defending it, no one smart would go against it, that means most of the time we would only have LONG trades, hence price would go up and up...

Felicia, you're right. Pull back was sharp indeed. I'm still novice trader, so I'm not familiar with all the "moods" and behaviors of certain currencies, but now I remember you said JPY might go +/- 50,100 PIPs just like that.

I guess I was lucky this time. It started towards the loss, was about -14, now I'm good about +20. Cross your fingers for me

thanks,

Shone

--- 帖子 #145 ---
You mean philosophical?  Sorry to be annoying on the spelling, but I am an academic philosopher by training.  Can't let that one go by.

This is indeed a very interesting topic.  In fact, the Yen carry trade phenomenon is fairly recent.  Japan had interest rates at zero for years before currency traders decided that the carry trade was the hot thing.  It is all going to end in tears before too long.  Japan's economy is awakening from its long slumber slowly but surely.  When people wake up to this fact, the yen will increase, slowly at first, and then with great acceleration.  It should not be of great concern to short-term players.  But there are billions tied up in these speculative trades...there is going to be a lot of money lost (and made).  Until then, however, play the carry.  Cornflower will have you out of any long well before any bloodbath.

Looks like you're doing A-OK.     Like I said, the chart doesn't lie.  We can philosophize all we like, but a signal is a signal, and you were right to take it.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
[quote=lever70;1435968]You mean philosophical? Sorry to be annoying on the spelling, but I am an academic philosopher by training. Can't let that one go by.

and guess what I am?

non-American.

To be exact, recently I became American, but the point is - English is my second language. So you'll have to forgive me.

(but I appreciate whenever someone corrects me)

back to topic...

you and BurgerKing got me worried so I followed my trade with tight TS. Final result: +26 PIP

Not bad for a start.

Thank you for sharing,

Shone

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Hi Fellicia..thank you for your system. I have a couple questions, I have read the complete thread twice so I hope I am not asking something that has already been answered. Please forgive me if this is the case.

1. You talk about multiple time frame trading all showing the same trend...you are verifying this thru the 4 EMA's right on the one hour chart? The dominant 3 day trend being the 72 hour Khaki colored line? This is how you trade with the dominant trend or are you looking at daily weekly and monthly trends?

Thank you in advance for your help...Joe

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Yes, that's all correct.  Sometimes I'll look at the 4H and daily charts because it's good to be aware of the longer term trend.  But the hourly is sufficient to trade on its own.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Carry trades appear to be back in play and the dollar is rallying on the back of FOMC, especially against the Euro and Pound.  Changes in bias from yesterday:

Long:

CADJPY

CHFJPY

Neutral

GBPUSD - leaning short

USDCAD

EURAUD - has gone to sleep ahead of AUD employment data

EURCHF - zzzzzzzzzzz

Short

NZDUSD - is this the start of a correction?

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Hi all, I just wanted to share my backtest results with you on this system. I did this on the 1 hour only with pullbacks to at least the 12EMA as an entry. For an exit I waited until the 12EMA actually touched the 24EMA. Once in I stayed in until the exit and didn't reenter at pullbacks which may give you better results. Many timies getting out using your own discretion would have given you more pips. I tested this from April 2nd until May 7th. YThere were 8 trades, 4 wins and 4 losses for a total pip profit of 399. All 4 loosers could have taken a 50 pip profit as well.  Looks like this is a very good system. I believe with trader discretion this could have easily been 550 - 600 pips. Thank you Felicia...you go!!

PS I forgot to mention that this is only on the Cable as this is the only pair I trade and that this is only the second time I have ever backtested anything. Has anyone else backtested this?

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Felicia,

please take a look at attached chart. Which one of the following is compliant to Cornflower rules:

A) we have nice pullback on 1H and market is signaling conservative entry. Go LONG NOW!

B) We have a pullback but 24EMA is bellow 72EMA. Wait for 24EMA to go above and if the price is still between 8EMA and 24EMA, then go LONG.

C) This is not a good setup for Cornflower, just forget it.

Also regarding your yesterday post...

You said CHF/JPY is potential LONG. Why?

You were right (why am I not surprised?), but where did you see that long? I assume market was aproximately at the point indicated by white arrow at the time of your post. And just few candles before we had a nice SHORT signal, according to Cornflower. True, daily chart shows strong uptrend, but if we're looking on 1H and strictly reading your signals/rules...

Am I missing something (again!?!?!)?

Thanks a lot

Shone

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Thanks for the backtest work.    My own backtesting is all visual; it's nice to see actual pip numbers.  The trades that were losers after being 50-pip winners should have been closed out at break even at the very least.  I would never let a trade turn into a loser after being ahead that much.

Cable is the currency I trade the most.  It is volatile enough that nice pip gains are possible in a relatively short time frame, but are not coronary-inducing like GBPJPY (which I do trade sometimes) and GBPCHF (never traded it).  When I developed this system, it appeared to work on just about every pair except the EURGBP, whose tight daily range makes this system a poor choice.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
I will continue to backtest maybe from the beginning of the year and will share the results with you all.  I need to do this for my own confidence...I recommend it to everyone.  How nice it is when you can take a trade knowing the odds are in your favor!!  Love the 5 minute idea.

Felicia is this the system that has worked for you the best and the only one you trade?

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Here is the 30M chart of CHFJPY:

http://img526.imageshack.us/img526/4...flower6tp3.gif

At the time I posted, around 7pm NY time, it had just signaled an initial long entry, with an authoritative close over the 72 EMA.  Always look at the 30M as well as the hourly.  These 30M signals generate optional intraday trades, preferably timed in conjunction with the 5M.  The long-term holds come from the hourly.  If anything, when you see the 30M signal to go long, you should definitely not take the short on the hourly.

The hourly never signaled long because of (B).  The 24 EMA must have crossed above the 72 EMA.  This would have kept you out of a bad trade, with JPY very strong today on news that BoJ governor Fukui is looking to shift to a more aggressive interest rate policy.  Also, the short EMAs had all turned up on the hourly.  All of these signs pointed to the pair going up, or at least sideways.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
I used to countertrend trade using certain candle patterns in conjunction with indicators. It only worked part of the time, and going against the trend drove me batsh*t after a while. It is partly why I have grown so distrustful of indicators. So now I only trend trade, and Cornflower is what I trade the great bulk of the time, timing my entries with the 5M. There are some discretionary nuances to my trading that I haven't shared, only because they are not easily systematized, and I don't want to confuse all of you. Nothing I have omitted is essential to trading the system profitably.

I have mentioned previously that sometimes I use a 1M chart. I am a scalper at heart, and the Guppy multiple moving average system is one of the best entry systems out there for short-term trading. I have developed my own way of using it:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...34&postcount=3

Guppy can be used with or without Cornflower, but I always prefer to trade with the dominant trend. This is purely optional, for the ADHD-afflicted like myself.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Thank you Felicia, just to confirm these MA's are all Exponential at the close, and what have you seen as a good pip goal per trade?  I can delete this post after your reply if you would like in case it doesn't belong here.  Thank you again...

PS  Are you self taught or did you have someone mentor you on all these techniques...you seem like a very knowledgeable trader...are you full time?

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Yes, they're all EMAs on the close.  Pip goal depends on time of day and market velocity.  I am content with only a few pips if the market is slow.  If it's really chugging along I can get 20+ on the guppy.  Average is 10-15.

I am kinda sorta full time.  I am a part-time college prof, which gives me the luxury of being able to watch the market almost whenever I want.  Hopefully I can quit that gig by this time next year, if not sooner.  I am essentially self-taught, much like all of us here.  I did belong to a live trading room for a time, where I learned a great deal from some very kind, intelligent traders.

Guppy was originated by Australian trader Daryl Guppy and taught to me by a trader who has 55 years of experience in the markets.  That's longer than most of our EMAs.     The stories he has are fascinating.  In short, he thought it was the best entry system he had ever seen.  I modified it with different colors to create the crocodile jaw opening and added the 200 EMA as a trend filter.  Now he is using my version.  Cornflower and the "5/10" (my 5-min) are of my own devising, though they are really nothing original from a conceptual standpoint.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
this method me seems magnificent, wonderful. to be able to only apply to hour table (1H)?

best regards

eagle

italy

--- 帖子 #159 ---
??????

felicia to be able you to answer?

thanks

marcello i

taly

--- 帖子 #160 ---
This is a excelent system I have done well with it this week and look forward to gaining more confidence in it as I use it more and more.

thx lever70

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Hi. I'm new here. Wanted to say that the cornflower system got my attention a couple of weeks back. I've been reading the threads. I'm a year behind (still reading previous post). Looks simple to use--great for me--but I need a little help on the entry, the timing. Appreciate your help.

Thanks, Felicia, for posting the cornflower. Hopefully the trend can be my friend. I had a habit of going against the trend since I try to look for tops and bottoms.

Have a good day.

James "stickers"

--- 帖子 #162 ---
to be able to only apply to hour table (1H)?

or possible to work also with 5min, 15min, etc…?

best regards

eagle

italy

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Hourly and 30M. Please read the rules in the first post.  I do not recommend using Cornflower on 5M.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
hello, for the method to 1M SCALPING, what to use in order to exit?

best regards

--- 帖子 #165 ---
I don't want to discuss scalping in this particular thread. Let's please stay on topic. The guppy, when used in conjunction with Cornflower, is intended as an alternative timing system to the 5M template (see posts 71 and 89). Although it can be used to scalp, that isn't what this system is about. If you want to use it that way, you'll have to determine your own exit criteria. But scalpers are only looking for a few pips. When you have them, you exit. That's it. And that's the last I will say about scalping here.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
The "other" James here did a nice job of depicting entries in post #83.  I think if you re-read the rules while looking at the chart you will be more clear on entries.  I have some entry examples that I thought I posted with charts, but obviously didn't.  I will get to it over the weekend.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
It is always great when someone shares a system that works. Also great to see it work on charts. Thanks for sharing. Best of luck and success to everyone.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Goodevening, Felicia. Thanks for replying. Hope everything is well with you.

Please look at the diagram and check to see if you think I'm understanding it correctly. I copied your 5m from post#89 and placed comments on it. And by "supported" by 21, you mean it is under both the 8 and 12, and in an upward direction on the 1-hr chart.

James "stickers"

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Beautifully done, James.  In fact, those are the exact places I would enter.  There's also the final short entry before the trend reverses.  One thing, you mean to say the 24 EMA supports the 8 and the 12 on the hourly.  The 21 EMA is on the 5-min chart only, but it serves the same function for the 5 and 10 EMAs.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Thank you. I'll be trying it next week. I'll let you know how I do or should I say how friendly the market will be to me.

Hope you have a Good week.

James "stickers"

--- 帖子 #171 ---
"You will have a chance at a profitable transaction."

Good to know.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
I'm looking at EurUsd 1-hr. and waiting for it to retrace to 12-24 EMA before I switch to 5m chart for a buy.

I'm grateful for life and all the chances I get.

Hope you have a great day.

James "stickers"

--- 帖子 #173 ---
What's the basis for grading on this forum ? When I started following this thread it was rated 5 star. Suddenly it's 4, who decides and on what basis ?

--- 帖子 #174 ---
My sentiments exactly!     5-star or bust, yo.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Hi.  It's back to Five-Star...the way it should be.  I think it's the last vote that was made.  I'm guessing only because I just voted Five-Star and now it shows 5-star.

Hope you have a good day.

James "stickers"

--- 帖子 #176 ---
You the man!

I think the thread was downvoted because I annoyed some folks with my prickly proffy personality. Whatever...that's who I am. 4-star, 5-star, all the matters is that we have consistently profitable trades.

Right now I am up 5 on USDCAD (short). I am going to play this one longer-term because the setup is sweet; another test of 1.10 looks probable. Also, I need some sleep and am not in the mood to check the market every 5 seconds today.

I don't think I'll have time for the nightly review...it's just too much to do. Perhaps a weekly review is more feasible.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
you're pips in!

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Hi Felicia,

I live in GMT so I missed a lot of this move (got up late) but it's going to be worth staying up all night if you're going to offer advice of this quality on a regular basis. When you get time it would be extremely helpful if you would explain why this one seemed so right for a longer term trade.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #179 ---
I did one for today for my own purposes, so here it is. I am particularly interested in EURUSD, GBPUSD, GBPJPY, and USDCAD. All of these pairs appear to be moving back in the direction of the long-term trend. Please don't construe anything I say as trading advice, etc etc.

Major pairs
GBPUSD and EURUSD – Finally broke out to upside after initial weak reaction to US CPI. These are great examples of how the major trend tends to reassert itself with authority. Appears to be an aggressive long with shallow pullbacks. Buy in 8/12 area.

USDCHF – resumption of downtrend, looks like a good short in 8/12 area.

USDCAD – Went lower as I expected. A short on a 12/24 EMA pullback.

AUDUSD – broke out to upside. A buy in the 12/24 EMA area.

NZDUSD – This pair has seen its uptrend weaken lately but has risen today on the dollar selling. Wait for pullback and be vigilant as it approaches the highs.

Yen
USDJPY -- Initial short signaled. Wait for follow through before trading.

EURJPY – Making new highs again, ho-hum. Buy in 12/24 area.

GBPJPY – Shot up today. But in 12/24 area.

AUDJPY – Back over 100 but looks anemic. Other pairs look more lucrative.

CADJPY – An overlooked pair that moves well. Strength of CAD should be taken advantage of. Buy in 12 EMA area.

CHFJPY – the weakest of the carry trades, is now trending back up.

NZDJPY – Is sitting on the short EMAs right now, but the jitteriness in the market over kiwi would make me think twice about trading this pair.

Other crosses
AUDNZD – Blah.

EURAUD – Emerging long

EURCAD – Short @ 24 EMA

GBPCHF – in good short position now at 24 EMA

EURCHF – moving opposite to GBPCHF, has bounced off 24 EMA

--- 帖子 #180 ---
It just had the right stuff.  The best longer term entries gradually but steadily move in their intended direction.  Movements that occur at steep angles can pull back just as steeply and then reverse.  The angle of the EMAs, with the steady downard movement, made this look as visually appealing as possible.  It's something you get a feel for when you have traded a system for a while.

I won't be making calls regularly, so get your sleep!     But I will try and alert the board when something looks particularly good.  Just make sure you are subscribed to the thread for instant email updates.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
That was Great!!!  If you keep this up, the rating meter will burst.  I dont think it  can handle a 10-star rating.  I was reviewing the cadusd and you know what I feel like....I feel like you caught a nice wave and started surfing it.

You sure watch alot of pairs.  Anyway, you take care and don't forget to get some rest.

Thanks, again, Felicia.

James "stickers"

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Hi Felicia, is the Cornflower system similar to a system from Dr. Alexander Elder.  I have heard alot of great things about him...I hear he is a genius.  Have you ever heard of him?  He wrote a book called trading for a Living I think.

Also how often do you follow the news with all the different pairs you trade and how does that impact your decisions to enter a trade or not?

Thank you in advace for your efforts.....Joe

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Elder's books are excellent. I suppose there is a passing resemblance between the systems in that I wait for the 5m to match up with the hourly. But again, I stress that this is not necessary. You can trade the hourly by itself.

News plays a big role in my trading. I do not take a new position right before a red-colored announcement. Even the orange-colored ones can move the market on a substantial deviation from consensus. News is only a factor for GBP, USD, AUD, CAD, and occasionally NZD. JPY news doesn't really impact the market much, and EUR news doesn't impact it at all. GBP and USD are the two currencies most affected by news.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hi felicia,

Great thread. I was wondering if you could list the generic conditions of price action that gives the higher potential for trades to  backfire? I want to be clear in my thought processes on trade entry and want to have every possible scenario covered.

Thanks

Pete

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Good question.  I would say the following:

1)  Flattening EMAs are never a good sign.  It means price action is stalling.  You want a well-oiled Jaguar, not a Dodge Dart.

2) A chart whose EMAs fit the criteria, yet whose pattern is sloppy and ill-defined.  You want nice, steady movement.

3) Long wicks all over the place.  Wicks pointing against the direction of your trade is a good thing; it indicates that price successfully repelled an area of potential supply, with ample buyers stepping in.  Long wicks in both directions means that the market is undecided as to what the price should be, so you have traders buying and selling and scalping and generally passing the crack pipe.  Crack is wack.

4) A strong candle close that causes the 8 and 12 EMAs to point opposite the direction of your trade.  Stay out.

5) Short EMAs stacked opposite to the direction of the 72 EMA.  Stay out.

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Terrible day for this method., but all systems have bad days.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Not so terrible........

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hi, I'm approximating that the eurusd price will pullback to the cornflower blue line at around 1.3540-50. If you don't mind looking at the setup if setup is "sweet" for a short or just ok. And because of that strong force, the price may not pullback all the way to the cornflower blue. This is base on your explanation, if I interpret it correctly. I had to re-read your statements 10x or more. I keep coming back to your threads and use it as a reference until I can remember it.

Hope to hear your comment. And it is greatly appreciated  Thank you, Felicia.

You have a good evening.

James "stickers"

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I want to say this system is indeed a precious tool for traders, just had some bad runs yesterday. Glad you catched a good one

Felicia i voted 5 stars for this thread some time ago, because the idea of making MA's S&R is a precious thing we can take advantage.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Hey Miguel, yep not all roses. Was stopped out for small eurjpy short  yesterday but re-entered on 30 min cross (long) and so far am up a bit  ....hopefully it turns out ok.

Regards,

Sejake

--- 帖子 #191 ---
I thought this graph is like a masterpiece. I don't think it happens very often. This is a chart(H1) of usdcad -- May 17th to 21st, 2007. First pullback, it touches 24 ema(point A). Second pullback, it touches 12 ema(point B). Third pullback before falling, it touches 24 ema(point C).

Thought I'd share it.

James "stickers"

--- 帖子 #192 ---
From what I've seen, this Cornflower system has great potential to earn consistent profits on a daily basis.  What makes it really good is that it is so simple.

If you don't mind my asking you Felicia, what is your highest record of profitable trades using this system before encountering a loss?

--- 帖子 #193 ---
I have only been trading the system for the last couple of months, so I don't have that kind of track record.  Properly gauged entries have usually been profitable for me.   It helps if you use the 5m template in conjunction with Cornflower proper.  That way you are not going short when the pair looks like it's going up.

I recently discovered something.  If the 5m is too much to deal with, but you want to time your entries better, pull up a 15m chart and put just the 8 and 24 EMAs on it.  When they cross, and the cross is in line with the hourly, enter.  The 15 minute crosses look very promising.

My 100th post.  Hurrah!

--- 帖子 #194 ---
This week so far has been ridiculously quiet.  When there is no major news, the FX market goes to sleep as the big money stays on the sidelines.  Not until Thursday do we have any potential market-moving news, so expect another day of little movement.  I've only made about 20 pips this week, but 10 a day will still make you rich (see my Rules PDF).

GBPUSD may be trying to go back up, but there has not been a definitive break of the hourly trendline and there is resistance at 1.9780 to contend with.  Major support is the trendline on the daily around 1.9500.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Hi lever 70, I'm impressing about your system. I had read it carefully a lot of time.

I am conservative. This morning, I use your system to trade EUR/USD on the hourly chart. Price retrace above 24 EMA. I enter a trade after trend line breaks confirm by stochastic cross down, rsi turns down below 40% and MACD histogramme diminish. I got 10 pips then close because Macd is not crossing down to its signal convincely.

Can you give me the way you enter a trade with more details. Do you confirm your trade with an indicator like stochastic, RSI or MACD? OR, you enter a trade when price retrace to 12 EMA or 24 EMA ?

I would like to hear from you about the entry point.

Excuse me for my English. I come from Cambodia

I thank you in advance.

God bless you.

Sri loba

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Nice trade. Your identification of support at around 1.3436 was more significant than any single indicator on your chart. As I have said repeatedly, I don't use these indicators, and having three of them on your chart is not going to give you any more certainty than having none. They do nothing except trace a line in accordance with a mathematical formula derived from price. When they appear to predict a move, it is merely coincidental.

What I do do is time my entries in accordance with a 5m or 15m chart. See posts 71, 89, 97, and 193.

Indicators are a crutch. Kick them to the curb.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Hi Felicio,

I was pleased to read this because as a brand new trader I was beginning to wonder whether I just lacked the bottle to get in there. Your rules of trading are a real eye opener and have given me a new perspective on trading. In particular the effect of compounding a small daily gain is a revelation and something which I feel may be in my grasp when I know litttle more than I know now.

A word of advice please. If I am to follow the path of the small daily gain is the best tactic to monitor as many pairs as possible or to focus on one or two pairs and gain a better understanding of their movement.

(BTW I would like to follow my messages with with one of those clever lttle quotes that make me look more intelligent than I really am. The trouble is I'm not intelligent enough to work out how to do it. Is it something that's you do manually every time you come on or is it done automatically for you and if so how ?

--- 帖子 #198 ---
I have been using the 15M chart for a while now (see post #134) using all 4 of the ema's on the chart.  I tried using the 8/24 cross tonight.   I went short on the EUR/USD and GBP/USD.  Made 23 pips on the EUR and 12 pips on the GBP.  I went long on the USD/CHF, but my timing was off, and I ended up taking a 7 pip loss on that trade.  The 8/24 cross looks like a good combination for the 15M chart.

Thanks again for this great system.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Well , I see after I took my pips and left, the EUR and GBP turned around and made two good runs.  The Cornflower 15M charts with the 8/24 cross gave clear entry signals for both currencies.  One would have made a bit over 150 pips by trading those runs.

Trades are like buses,...if you miss one, there is always another one coming.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Hi folks.  I've been very busy with non-trading committments and haven't been able to focus on the market.  How's everyone's trading going?

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Definitely focus on only one or two pairs.  This way you will learn their "personality."  I like GBPUSD, but EURUSD and USDCHF are good too.  If you are going to follow two pairs, I suggest that one be a non-dollar pair that does not involve the Yen.  This way you will have trading opportunities in non-correlated markets.  EURCHF, EURCAD, EURAUD, and GBPCHF (volatile) are all good choices.  I do not recommend EURGBP (moves too little).

--- 帖子 #202 ---
felicia,  I just came across this threat and the cornflower system.  it looks like a pretty good one. I'll check it out and keep you posted.  Thanks for sharing.   Bob

--- 帖子 #203 ---
I have been following your thread for some time now and I have to agree with Kharvall.......this system combined with Jacko's trend system is a powerful combination.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Good to hear from you, Felicia   A little trading and lots of patience - waiting for another go signal.  gbp 9-0 vote sure made market move one way--watching for it to pullback.

Have a good holiday and a great week.

James "stickers"

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Some very nice 30 min entries tonight...

Hope everyone caught some.......

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Hi felicia,

Thank you very much for this wonderful system. It's very simple and easy to use. I'll try it and see if I can earn some pips.

Thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #207 ---
whats ur story for today on this pair w ur strat. ?

kevin

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Hi Felicia,

Please tell me if I am doing the right thing here.http://i169.photobucket.com/albums/u...cornflower.jpg

--- 帖子 #209 ---
A nice 30 min entry today on GBPJPY.....

--- 帖子 #210 ---
How is CF being used with what Jacko is doing?  Curious.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Don't get hung up on the cross.  The cross will inevitably lag the price action.  We don't trade crosses; we trade price movement.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Indeed! Rock on.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
For the next 2 weeks, I will only be able to post sporadically. Please keep exchanging trades and ideas with one another.

The current market environment is murky...a lot of uncertainty with recent China news and the Yen carry pairs threatening to unwind. Cable has done nothing for a week. We need a good NFP number for market direction.

The only currency that has a strong trend is CAD, versus both the dollar and euro. Don't think these pairs can't go lower. They can, and probably will.

Edit: For some reason, GBPCHF is in a nice downtrend and is well-positioned for a short entry. It's as volatile as GBPJPY, so a tight stop will not do. USDCHF is looking good too.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
thanks felicia for your response. but i just encircled the cross to give it more emphasis but I waited for the right moment before I placed my buy.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
hello felicia,

I like to use this system on the eur/usd but I can't find the exact spot on where to enter. As I looked at the charts today, price just penetrated the 72 ema and seems like going back up again. What should I do here guys.

edit: i placed a sell at the gpb/usd today

--- 帖子 #216 ---
EURUSD looked lousy for an entry. It was basically trendless.

In the beginning of this thread I posted regarding different kinds of entries. Somehow that post got deleted. So here we go again:

http://img297.imageshack.us/img297/8...examplebd0.jpg

#1: On December 5th, price thrusts down below the 72 EMA and a new downtrend begins. Price pulls back all the way to the 24 EMA, providing an opportunity for a short entry. Price then declines 60 pips, providing ample opportunities for profit-taking. Then on December 6th and 7th, price pulls back to the 12, 24, and 72 EMAs in turn. A new trend is sometimes risky to trade because traders are still deciding whether a new trend exists. So long as this indecisiveness is apparent, the previous trend will try to reassert itself. However, if one were to trade the first 12 EMA pullback, there is still a 30 pip decline before price ascends to touch the 72 EMA.
Notice how the shorter EMAs don’t unravel, even though price retraces all the way up to the 72 EMA. You can assume that a trend is still intact until the shorter EMAs turn around in the other direction. When that does happen, you should switch to a 30M timeframe and wait for an initial signal in the direction of the shorter EMAs. If they had turned around here, you would not want to have entered short. As it happened, price bounced off the 72 EMA and started moving down again. Once the 8 and 12 EMAs dip below the 24 EMA, we know that it is safe to enter short.
#2: December 7th gives up an example of a 12 EMA bounce. There are two opportunities for short entries for at least 20 pips.
#3 December 8th gives an example of why one should be out of the market before non-farm payroll. GBPUSD shoots up over 100 pips on the NFP announcement. Once the announcement hits, however, we have a clear entry to go long and an opportunity for at least a 20 pip profit before a violent retracement takes cable lower again.
#4 December 10th gives a nice example of a 24 EMA entry. But it also gives us an example of volatility. If you had placed an entry order at the 24 EMA, you would have been dismayed to see price going nearly 30 pips against you before turning around. This demonstrates the importance of risk control and money management. Cornflower is not a system that allows you to trade at 200:1 margin on every trade. You must allow you positions time and space to work. This is true of any system that takes its signals from longer term charts. We will discuss entry timing techniques later in this document.
#5 and #6 are examples of a slow uptrend. When price is slowly moving in one direction it pays to wait for a 24 EMA pullback. There are three such pullbakcs here.
#7 shows price finding support after a steep selloff. The 72 EMA represents the average of three days of price activity, and price very often finds support here.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
thank you very much felicia for your time and patience. I really appreciate your nice and intelligent response.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
EurJpy 1 hr entry working well today....G/L all.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Entered E/J again on bounce off 30 min chart.....pretty choppy so will be ready to pull the plug if it looks hinky.....

+33 taken on earlier 1 hr short...

G/L

--- 帖子 #220 ---
That's just great! Why the 89 EMA, though? People like to use that because it's a fib number. In my experience, it's just a number that fibs.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
hi felicia,

what will be the difference if 89 ema is used instead of the 71 ema?

--- 帖子 #222 ---
http://i169.photobucket.com/albums/u...la/newcorn.jpg

Hi Felecia,

I placed a sell at gbp/usd. Tell me if I am doing the right entry. I think the trend will continue down.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Hi Felicia,

Thank you for your system, it is teaching me patience through these interesting times. With so few  trading opportunities I have had the time to read all the different systems looking for the magic one that will make my fortune. I keep coming back to basics and raw price action, so I hope when you get the time you will continue to offer more of your trading  wisdom.

All the best.

Oz

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Hi All

just discovered this thread by accident. Looks very impressive and easily understandable. But first thing first I need to read all pages before asking any stupid questions.

cheers

--- 帖子 #225 ---
I don't think there is a perfect EMA/SMA etc. but have been using the 89 itself for a long time now and find it just fits well a lot of the time.

Not much difference from the 72 most times....89 is familiar territory for me, I actually forgot I changed it.

Sejake

--- 帖子 #226 ---
I agree with Peter. Your sense of humor is very nice to see!

THANKS!

FXS

BTW: Thanks for sharing on the GMMA thread. Do you have a fav?

--- 帖子 #227 ---
It's the day before NFP.  If you're trading a USD pair, you should be flat.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
hello everyone.

looking at this setup, what should i do? im sorry if this is stupid question. but im trying my best understand this system better.

let say we ignore the NFP, how should i react to this setup?

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #229 ---
There's no setup here.   24 has not crossed above 72.   NFP or not, do nothing.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
hi felicia,

i'm sorry if I am asking stupid questions but I'm new at this.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
I wasn't recommending the use of the fib(bing) 89 ema.  I was only asking why Sejake used that instead of my 72 ema.  As he said, there is not much of a difference.  Stick with the 72, because it represents exactly 3 days of price activity.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
thanks felicia for your patience on me.. thank you thank you

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Thought I'd roll the dice on this 30 minute entry last night and it worked out well for +37.

Out now for news.

Happy Trades

--- 帖子 #234 ---
thankyou very much felicia.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Hi felicia,

I go long on gbp/usd today, am I doing the right thing here? the set-up  looks ok.  I am very sorry for asking many questions, I am not quite familiar with the system yet.

http://i169.photobucket.com/albums/u...owerupdate.jpg

--- 帖子 #236 ---
the above setup earned 20 pips.. thanks for this wonderful system Felicia. You rock..

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Nice work on the 20 pips Buangcla !

I took the 30 minute entry on Euro last night which worked well for +35.

Hope everyone has had a profitable start to the week.

Good Trades......

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Hi buangcla,

Can I ask what the green indicator on your chart is and why you use it

Cheers

--- 帖子 #239 ---
That setup was perfect.  It does not get much better.

There were cornflower trades on almost every major pair today.  I hope everyone is banking pips.  That's all for now.  Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Shanghai stock market slammed with a 9% decline today.  Don't panic, but watch your longs carefully:

http://www.dailyfx.com/story/tophead...962142184.html

--- 帖子 #241 ---
A: a line drawn at a 30 degree angle:

http://img514.imageshack.us/img514/5...y060407zz5.gif

--- 帖子 #242 ---
That indicator is called FX_Sniper's_LSMA, I think it's just a moving average altered to monitor the current trend. I use it to support the EMA's although it is not quite necessary, I just want to be sure.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Thanks Sejake,

You too man, nice job.   I love this thread, the people are so nice.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Here is a question I received in a PM:

The trend is still in tact when the EMAs are still in a perfect order. When the 8 crosses the 12, the trend has paused. When the 12 has crossed the 24, the trend may be ending. It is OK to enter on a pullback so long as these conditions don't exist.

As far as exits go, the 12/24 cross is a firm exit. Otherwise, it's up to the trader. You can use classical support and resistance. You can measure the average daily range of the pair to determine where the move might run out of steam. You might perhaps have a daily pip quota you shoot for, exiting when you have reached it. Others use fibonacci and pivot points. It is up to you to find exit criteria that make sense.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #245 ---
http://i169.photobucket.com/albums/u...updatecorn.jpg

Another perfect setup on the GBP/USD, earned another 20 pips today. Oh Felicia you are a God. Thank you

--- 帖子 #246 ---
EurCan worked well overnight for +54 pips......

Dang, I'm racking up quite the number of cornflower trades!

--- 帖子 #247 ---
dang looks like your in for a winning streak, good job

happy trading and mabuhay..

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Thx lots for sharing your method....

just learned cornflower method 1hr before the downfall of GBP/JPY!!

15M chart to make entry...short@ 242.46

2HR chart to closed entry...closed 241.56(10pips + 2hrs chart of 72EMA)

managed to grab 90pips....

thx lots....

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Somebody jinxed me.....  (just kiddin).    Was stopped out of a small USDCAN long 30min entry..... stop just a bit 2 tight....   Of course now its back where I entered earlier.....

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Naughty trade, my friend.  The 15 minute crosses are only to be taken when they accord with the hourly picture.  I'm glad it worked out for you, but more often than not, they don't.

I'm assuming you took the 30M long entry.  Your stop should be at least below the entry candle.  This was a risky one to take.  USDCAD has been in a massive downtrend.

On the hourly, USDCAD is now hovering above the 72 EMA.  No longs are valid until the shorter EMAs cross above it.  The 30M paints a different picture.  Be warned: the USDCAD has been the most trending pair in the market.  Trade long at your own risk.  If anything, we should be waiting for the next short setup.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Surely not! But I am glad the system is working for you. It certainly is for me.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Hi Lever70,

I have been lurking on this thread for a little while reading and learning, wanted to ask a question about euro/usd right now at 3:26am gmt, the euro seemed to bounce off the 24ema on the 1hr chart at the 01:00gmt candle, does this constitute and entry as all ema are pointing in the right direction, and looking at price we had a bullish engulfing candle.

Just asking as to clarify whether i am seeing things how they should be.

Cheers

Geoff

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Yes.  And you don't actually have to wait for the bounce, especially in a strong trend like this.  You could have simply placed an entry order at the 24 EMA.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
http://img61.imageshack.us/img61/904...a060507uw4.gif

http://img528.imageshack.us/img528/9...a060507my8.gif

Two examples of how a move counter to the trend can stop cold in the 72 EMA area.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Hi Lever70,

Thanks for the prompt reply,

Another question, regarding the usd/cad, on the 1hr chart the downtrend looks to be resuming,but price has gone past the ema's by a way now and on the 30min it was definitely closed thru the 72ema with authority but it seems also to me to be too far past now, so if that is true the right course of action would be to wait for a retracement to the 1hr ema's (pullback trade)???

Reason i ask is my gut tells me that is the best thing to do, as i feel it has gone to far past to hop on now.

cheers

geoff

--- 帖子 #256 ---
This is another example of a countertrend move stopping around the 72 EMA:

http://img61.imageshack.us/img61/460...a060507sg3.gif

This is when it would be good to use the 5M chart to look for a short setup. You can wait for a pullback on the H1, but as you might not get one. The 5M can help you get in on the trend if you are too late to enter on the hourly. See posts 71, 89, and 97.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
I see it now

The 2:30gmt candle on the 5min chart pulled back to the 21ema and then off it went,

excellent.

cheers

geoff

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Now you're really living.

It's also bouncing off the 21 EMA as I type this.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
I continue to be amazed at how many people are studying this system and trading it with success.  I think the last 6+ weeks of posts and trades show that trading need not be complicated.  Identify a trend, wait for a good entry point, and trade.  Hold until the trend is no longer in place, and then on to the next trade.

I would like everyone to have a look at Kharvell's trading journal, which has now become a laboratory for the Cornflower method as combined with Jacko's trend-following techniques.  Kevin started using Cornflower in April and has had some amazing success using the method.  He uses low leverage and trades multiple positions in different pairs, as well as multiple entries on the same pair when a new pullback presents itself.  His trading exemplifies how I think Cornflower ought to be traded from a longer-term perspective:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=19102&page=21

The only difference between his and my way of trading Cornflower is that he does not take entries that are out of sync with the long-term trend as exemplified by a daily chart, whereas I will take such entries.  For instance, he did not trade EURUSD and GBPUSD in May because the downtrend in the hourlies did not accord with the uptrend in the dailies.  This is perfectly valid, and one can expect much larger gains when the hourly is in sync with the daily.  Study and learn from his trades.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Hi Felicia ... Great system .. starting to work for me now ...

One question ...

I'm entering on 5 minute charts confirming the 30 min or 1 hour cornflower entry ...

But which time-frame should I use for exit?

Quite often the 12/24 cross happens on the 5 min charts ... but the 30min and/or 1 hour charts still show a healthy trade in play ..

Regards,

Gary W.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
I do not use the Cornflower settings on a 5M chart. I use 5, 10, and 21 EMAs, so I would not be looking at the 12-24 EMA cross. See posts 71, 89, 97.

When to exit depends on how you are using Cornflower. If you are trading longer-term, use trailing stops. One possible method: when you are up 30 pips, move the stop to break even. When you are up 50 pips, move the stop to 20 pips. Keep trailing up and make the trail tighter the more pips you have. And there is the 12-24 hourly cross, as well as the 30M entry,which can be used to exit the hourly trade taken in the opposite direction.

If you're using Cornflower primarily to set up short-term trades, your entry has to be precise and your exit should be gauged by an estimation of how far the move will go. This differs for each pair and you should study each pair's past behavior and "personality." You should be aware of the pip value of the average daily range, for instance. Currency pairs have a strong tendency to, in the words of Igrok, "complete" their ADR in a given trading day. Thus you can exit when the ADR has been reached.

You should always be aware of support and resistance levels. These can be used to exit.

You can also simply exit when you have acquired a set number of pips for the day. The problem with this method is that it does not compensate for losing days. When the move is strong, you will want to stay in past your quota so as to compensate for days where a pip is as rare as a white pigeon.

Finally, you can exit when you get a 5M wick so nasty, it could impale you like an ice pick. This indicates exhaustion.

Also, pay attention to correlations between pairs. When a correlated pair starts moving aggressively in the opposite direction to your trade, you might take this as an exit signal.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Hi Felicia once again ... Thanks for quick response ....

My mistake (using the same colour bars on the 5 min) ... I am using 5,10 and 21 EMA ... and should have said I sometimes see a 5/10 or 10/21 cross on the 5 min chart even though the 30 min and 1 hour EMAs still line up as a healthy trade.

Your point about trailing stops is probably what I do need to look at carefully ..

Thanks ..

Gary W.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
[quote=lever70;1459325]

You should always be aware of support and resistance levels. These can be used to exit.

Hi Felicio,

Could you give me some advice on S/R levels please. I understand the importance of not entering too close to these, but I have been using a forex website who quote daily, 4 hourly and hourly S/R levels. The hourly S/R levels are invariably so close to the current price as to inhibit entry. Is it safe to just use the daily levels ?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
http://i169.photobucket.com/albums/u...cla/oanda2.jpg

This setup on the AUD/USD looks promising, I go long here today..

Happy trading everyone.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
[quote=bundubill;1459393]
Back to school:

http://www.babypips.com/school/suppo...esistance.html

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Felicia,

"I recently discovered something. If the 5m is too much to deal with, but you want to time your entries better, pull up a 15m chart and put just the 8 and 24 EMAs on it. When they cross, and the cross is in line with the hourly, enter. The 15 minute crosses look very promising."

Do you still recommend this entry option?
Would it make sense to use it as a TP target when it goes in the opposite direction?

Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Word of advice: if you're using Oanda's platform for analysis, don't forget to turn off weekend data, as this will screw up your indicators, as seen on the left side of the chart.

Tools --> User Preferences.  At the bottom the of "Chart" tab, there's boxes for "Ignore weekend data" and "Hide weekend data".  I have those checked and defined the weekend as 17:00 Friday to 17:00 Sunday (I'm in EDT).

After changing those settings, go to Tools --> Save Current Layout.  This step might not be necessary, but I like to make sure anyway.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
I am having difficulties saving the 5 min template and I’m asking for some help.  It shows that it is saving but when I close MT4 and re-open and try to load the template it’s not there.

Any suggestion that would help to make this work for me would be greatly appreciated.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Lerner,

Not sure if you have noticed but if you save your template in the folder inside Experts you may a problem loading it.. When you save it in your MT4 provider, make sure you put it in the Template folder that you will see along with the Expert folder etc..

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #270 ---
It worked like a charm! thank you.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Can someone tell me if the usd/jpy pair is in a downtrend?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #272 ---
I think it may be in a retracement phase, I am currently short from 121.29 with a TP 119.93 and my SL is currently at BE.......

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Johnedoe,

I appreciate your response... Thanks

--- 帖子 #274 ---
I don't recommend it as trading advice, just my perception of what's happening at this time....I have been wrong before

--- 帖子 #275 ---
I think the daily is still up but the 4 and 1 hr is down

--- 帖子 #276 ---
The 8-24 cross on the 15m is an entry that I still consider experimental.  I think it needs a filter, but I have not had a chance to do testing.  I think the result would be a different system altogether.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
I am looking at GBP/USD and would like to think that a buy is in play now, could someone please help me with analyzing that pair.  Thanks

--- 帖子 #278 ---
No buy. EMAs are flat. In fact, we recently got the 12-24 exit.

Please, everyone, read the rules thoroughly and study the system. I won't be answering questions of this type from here on out.

Edit:  I am putting together a PDF for newbies.  Stay tuned.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
i find that entry with 5ema & 10ema crossing 21ema@5M (even better with 72ema) chart is quiet nice to make an entry but on 1 condition that is MUST refer to 1hr chart for either long or short if one is trading on long term......

for example:

my previous entry,

15M chart to make entry...short@ 242.46

exit

2HR chart to closed entry...closed 241.56(10pips + 2hrs chart of 72EMA)

should have wait for signal from 1hr chart with 8ema crossing 12ema...

which the profit number will still be running....

it will be a well learn lesson....

thx felicia for the advice of using 5M chart for point of entry....

today managed to grab 49pips from GBP/JPY

5M chart to make entry...short @241.19

closed @240.70

(daily target reach...as 5M chart 5,10,21 crossing 72 & 1hr chart 8,12,24 is way down below 72....not goin to take the risk... & it went back up to 240.93 now)

Never greed & never regret cuz tomorrow is another day!!

--- 帖子 #280 ---
will it go higher? any comments on this?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #281 ---
(resubmitted message with proper, corrected templates)

Many of you have been asking about exits. Felicia never stops working.

I am unveiling, on a TEST basis, revised Cornflower templates that include profit bands. These bands are drawn at set distances from the 72 EMA and vary for each currency pair. They are based on my knowledge of 8 pairs and can serve as approximate profit targets. Mind you, they are unscientific. But what is in technical analysis?

For each pair, there is a P1 and a P2. P1 is the likely limit of an average move, defined by a trend that tends to pull back to the area shy of the 24 EMA before continuing its trend. P2 is the target for an agressive move that pulls back only to the 8/12 EMA area. P2 moves are not as common.

The 72 EMA excursion values for each pair are as follows:

Template CF50

EURUSD, USDCHF, USDJPY, AND USDCAD: P1 = 50; P2 = 75 (edit: correction)

Template CF70

GBPUSD, EURJPY, and EURAUD: P1 = 70; P2 = 100

Template CF100

GBPJPY: P1 = 100; P2 = 150

Surely bands could be devised for other pairs.

Please note: pairs will not always reach these targets, especially in weak ranging markets. Use your discretion.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
thanks buddha for your wonderful advice. Actually I just recently used Oanda as the basis of my analysis and I'm not quite familiar with it yet. Thanks for your information. I really appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Thanks in advance..... great service you are doing....

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hi Felicia,

I just earned 20 pips yesterday from my trade in AUD/USD. Although it's kinda risky to move your stop loss down, but I'm sure that the trend is in place so I go for it so hit my take profit. Thank you for this system. You certainly rock.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Thanks in advance, It would really help us a lot. Can't wait to read it.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
So where was a entry point on cable today using cornflour system. It never really gave a pullback to the 12 even?

--- 帖子 #287 ---
There should be some good entries on the Cornflower System tonight because I believe we are at the beginning stages of a carry trade meltdown.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
But it did pull back to the 8, albeit barely.  There was also a clear entry signal on the 30M, and you could have waited for a PB there too if you were nervous about entering.  And remember what I have said about using 5M charts.

This was a fundamental move (which I unfortunately slept through).  You have to be aware of news, even if you do not trade announcements.  Look at today's news and you'll see what I am talking about.  It could have given you confidence to enter.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
u can to use multiple time frame to give more confidence of where the market is heading...plus like what felicia say...NEWS....very important...

myself use 5M, 15M, 30M & 1HR...

my connection is slow so...cant afford to use more timeframe....

i too slept thru....haha...

Never greed & never regret cuz tomorrow is another day!

--- 帖子 #290 ---
People keep talking and talking and talking about this, but it never seems to materialize.  But I do think it will happen.  When?  Who knows.  The only thing we can (and should do) is watch the charts and trade accordingly.  Crystal Ball 2.0 is prone to bugs.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Felicia,

I've been employing your "brainstorm" with positive results so far on a demo account.

One quick question if I may in view of your last post. If the carry trades do trend down for a while, it would seem a great opportunity to jump on board, but you mentioned previously that you do not take JPY short trades. Is that simply because of the power of the carry trade trend?

Thanks for taking the time to share a well-thought-out method of trading!

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Looks like the dollar is gaining strength and everything Ive heard is that the dollar will loose big time.

Of course with the US housing market who knows. (and everything else)

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Yes. If you look at most of the short entries on GBPJPY, they don't have a lot of staying power. But if we get a pullback here, then a good short setup that is confirmed by the 5M action, we might have an entry. Today's move was powerful.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Just wondering if in your bag of tricks you have a settings for a daily system. The method looks good on longer time frames as well.

Thanks

Oz

--- 帖子 #295 ---
I don't. I think dailies are tough to trade because of the dynamic nature of the foreign exchange market. Trends reverse quickly, only to reverse again. You have to be very patient. That's not to say I've given up on the idea. But I think it would be a very different system from Cornflower.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
when 5M & 15M (even better plus 30M) showing same direction with with cornflower indicator showing signal...then most probably its goin down in between 100 to 200pips....but must watch out for fib retracement area & support level

short GBP/JPY @ 239.75

closed @ 237.90...(fib retracement 50% @ 237.79)

goin out for aa drink now.....hehe...

cheers to all!!(especially felicia)...

--- 帖子 #297 ---
forget to upload image.....hehe...

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Nice charts.  Multiple timeframe confirmation is a key part of successful trading and I'm glad you've caught on to the concept.  But for the love of Pete, chill out on the indicators!

--- 帖子 #299 ---
So, who had fun with pips today?  I finally gave in and had a blast shorting the GBPJPY.

GBPUSD has moved 300 pips in two days.  I would expect a retracement Monday on such a big move.  However, if it keeps going down, trade it.  We have EURCAD and USDCAD as examples.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Really.  Get rid of those oscillators and you can have twice as many charts!

--- 帖子 #301 ---
I wrote an indicator that will probably help with Cornflower and all other trend trading systems. It's called ToR 1.02, it uses ADX to tell you if you are in a trending or ranging market.

I started it's own thread here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=33342

--- 帖子 #302 ---
That's great.  But I don't use indicators.  This means I don't use indicators.  In other words, I don't use indicators.

Kapisch?

--- 帖子 #303 ---
lever70 I dont think this is the first 3 times your said you dont use indicators.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Ya think?

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Please some one help about Cornflower Hourly System.  Here i will use Open EMA or Close EMA

Construct a template according to the following settings:
8 EMA (yellow, dotted)
12 EMA (violet)
24 EMA (cornflower blue, hence the name)
72 EMA (khaki)

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Close EMA.  The only thing an Open EMA does is lag the indicator one bar.  Trust me... I've tested it a few times in the past.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
What is an open/close EMA?  Never heard of an EMA referred to in those terms.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
An EMA on the opening price vs. an EMA on the closing price.  We only use the EMA on the close.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
It appears on the hourly like price is trying to make contact with the 72.

then maybe a continuation of the down move?

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Which pair?

--- 帖子 #311 ---
My Bad Cable!

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Can't tell. The market is news-starved. UK CPI is tomorrow and that will likely determine the direction for tomorrow's cable trading.

Apart from the RBNZ intervention bomb, it was a slow day. The CAD pairs look like they might want to resume their downtrend. And then there is NZDUSD. I think it will drop further on the heels of central bank intervention. At any rate, don't be long NZD.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Man, what a boring day.  I coulda had a V-8!

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Hi Felicia and all traders

I know that you hate indicators, but please look at the stochastic 5,3,3 how precise it draw the end of the pullback (its not the holly grail but...). It can be very helpful timing the entry and also the exit (overbought and oversold area). I attached chart for example

hope it help for someone somewhere.

Regards,

Simon

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Simon, I used to use this very same setting on the hourly.  I also used a 8,3,3 on the 5-min.  There were times when it appeared to presage a change in direction.  But in the end, I decided that it was no more helpful than looking at candle patterns and support and resistance levels to determine where a given move might end.

The reason why I have come to dislike indicators is because they are (a)pseudo-scientific, and (b) hope-inducing.  You can change the settings all you like and you will find one that appears to forecast price.  Then you try and use it in real time and it doesn't work nearly as well as you thought it would.  Hence the never-ending search for the perfect indicator that will work all of the time.  There is no such thing.  Only price is reliable as an indicator of market direction.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
i miss ff so much.....(jz came back from holiday)...

gonna make my pips start running again!!

--- 帖子 #317 ---
http://whyfiles.org/193prion/images/bse_cow_vert.jpg

Welcome back.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
moo(in thai) mean dis....:

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Hmmm... I read your thread last week and went out and had a beer to think about it. I decided: Excellent thread - Good system. So I told a couple of my trading buddies to check it out and one them wrote an EA. If you are interested in checking it out and maybe pitching in a few tweaks let me know. We can post it and run from there... your name is Felicia?

Cow teats and EA's (that work): the gifts that keep on giving.

Joe

--- 帖子 #320 ---
felicia, I have to congratulate you.  Not only is your system simple, but you've managed to keep this thread heading in the same direction from the start. Very few do, and the result turns out to be junk.

You politely consider options, but remain true to the system.  You are among the elite.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Sure, I'd love to see what you guys have come up with. I have some ideas on how to improve Cornflower that could be easily programmed, so please keep me posted.

That is a high compliment. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
[quote=lever70;1466409]Sure, I'd love to see what you guys have come up with. I have some ideas on how to improve Cornflower that could be easily programmed, so please keep me posted.

-Great.

Out of respect for the thread, would you want to minimize discussion about the EA here? Let me know that before proceeding with that aspect of the design process.

We can pretty much program anything into the EA that we want, right now we're designing the code for the slope of the moving averages - the first version just takes every pullback... and that ain't good.

Joe

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Hello Felicia

First of all thank you very much for your efforts.

I have 2 questions

1 How do you know when the price makes an "innocent pullback" or it reverse against you?

2. I noticed that when the price pullback to one of the levels (8,12,24) it stays there for neno second  and it can make all the 20 pips in minutes how do you catch it?

Regards,

Simon

--- 帖子 #324 ---
[quote=jsmanuse;1466559]
I say we start a new Cornflower EA thread.  That way we can keep discussions about the system and EA discrete.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
It has to do with the strength of the trend, which you can gauge by the slope of the EMAs and the speed with which price pulls away from them.  a good, healthy trend will not reverse against you by more than 25-30 pips after you enter (if that).  I am working on a MTF addition to Cornflower that addresses this very problem, so stay tuned.  I will be posting the info w/ pics later.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Has anyone tried using the profit bands I described in post 281? They work.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Check it out:

http://img527.imageshack.us/img527/6465/multicfub9.jpg

I will leave it to you guys to articulate what I am doing here. I think it's pretty straightforward.

I am using FXSniper's EMAs, which change color as the price rises above or falls below the EMA. I have included his indicator and the template to use with it.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Very nice setup.

Doesn't get much easier to see than this!

Thanks for all of your work and dedication to

helping us newbies!

FXS

--- 帖子 #329 ---
[quote=lever70;1466999]
Great. We'll look over there to discuss things with  you.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
We're thinking along the same lines... ! I set up the charts the same way, except they were 30m, 1h, 4h, and daily. You can see important s/r as well as larger trend strength with those time frames. How much weight are you inclined to give to the larger trend? It seems that it's not always relevant to the objectives of this system. Thanks again for posting your system Felicia.

Joe

--- 帖子 #331 ---
________________________________________________________

I just wanted to thank you for giving so much of your knowledge to all that read this thread. I am a newbie. However, one day soon, I will be like you and will also give back.

One question, I notice above your use of the 5mTF-what are your settings-is it cornflower 5-10 or just the cornflower.tp. Thanks so much!!

Amado

--- 帖子 #332 ---
We're trading swings, so yes, we do not necessarily need the 4H and daily to be in alignment.  It takes a while for a move to manifest itself on the 4H and especially the daily.  But of course, if the swing is aligned with the long-term trend, we can expect bigger gains.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
You're very welcome. The 5M pictured is using the standard CF EMAs of 8-12-24-72. We're looking for alignment across all 4 charts. I will post more about this new way of using Cornflower this weekend.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Is this chart set up in MT4 and how can I place 4 timeframes in one page as shown here.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Open up your H1, M30, M15, and M5 charts, and then select "tile vertically" from the window menu.  Presto.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hello -f,

I have been experimenting with the 8-24 cross on the 15M and 5M charts.  So far the results have been mixed (though more profitable than not.)  Some of the nonprofitable trades were the result of my not waiting for a solid direction to form on the 1H chart. Some were due to whipsawing and hitting my stop (increasing the stop eliminated a good portion of that problem.

Using all four ema's across 1H, 30M, 15M, and 5M TF's makes good sense and is a natural evolution of Cornflower.  Thank you for your time and effort in the continued development of this great thread.

Regards,

Clansman

--- 帖子 #337 ---
well...cornflower method been great on GBP/JPY...

i try enter the market with 5M, too much of noise...which most of the time it will bounce at 21EMA(15M)...which i'm still holding my short@240... market is at 244 now..

been hedging these few days(+200pips) & looking for a divergence instead of a retracement...probably next week...

i'll still be using 5M with comfirmation of 15M crosses to place an order.

couldn't try out your new method just yet...gotta wait till i get a nice charting software cuz the one i am using now cant support....probably next month

Happy Weekend!!

--- 帖子 #338 ---
First of all, thanks to Lever70 for u'r great system  i just want to sharing my experience using u'r cornflower system ...

i'm just a collage kid, so i use a micro lot coz i'm new to forex (about 2 months). a week ago, i learned a lot from this thread & kharvell's trades that using u'r system as well ... start to use it on thursday 14th June ....

using multiple charts of cornflower system i've learnt, i started to open position on thursday 14th June, and the next day which is friday 15th June , i added a profitable positions. so total positions is 10 trades in 2 day ... And the results :
in 2 days
8 Win, 2 loss ...

Total loss    = -65 pips (closed)

Total profit  = +974 pips.  (still open)

Total P/L     = +909 pips in 2 days ...

Thx  Felicia & all traders who helped a lot so far in this thread

here's my trades screenshot :

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Is this whole  thread not a rip-off of Phillip Nel's 4hr MACD strategy,which I might add is a highly successful strategy!

No wonder Daily FX made Phillip an offer of switching his strategy to their forum,because FF allows others to bastardise a genuinely  wonderful system. : Like the 50+- 4hr MACD,this is just a rip-off of Phillip's system.Shame on you Lever 70!!

--- 帖子 #340 ---
You have a lot of nerve coming into this thread and disrupting a productive discussion without a shred of evidence to support your claim. I don't use MACD or any indicators. How could this possibly be a rip off? It is an EMA retracement system.

I have used a 5M system in conjunction with Cornflower that is similar to what Phillip does on a 5M chart, but I developed it on my own before I even encountered his thread.

Shame on YOU. It is people like you that make internet forums a frustrating experience. You contribute nothing, and aim only to destroy. Go back to your cave and stay there.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Felicia,I apologise for my STUPID post. I was reprimanded for my ignorance. I'm sorry for wasting your time and energy for even answering my post! I hope you'll allow me to add something of value to your thread,and I promise I won't post unless it DOES add value.As it turned out ,great minds think alike.You and Phillip stumbled upon something successful,something similar,but unique.Philip,to his credit aven made a 'get out of jail' posting for yours truly. I wish you both well, please forgive me and I hope you and Phillip and everyone else on this forum continue o share your expertise. Once again,I apologise for being so 'quick on the draw' probably cos I've been ripped off too many times in the past.

--- 帖子 #342 ---
I have answered this in my 4 Hour MACD system on page 344 post 5155.

Lots of pips next week to you all.

Phillip Nel

--- 帖子 #343 ---
I can move past it.  It's just frustrating when people do not appear to appreciate all the time that people put into developing their system threads.  But I accept your apology.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
MooMoo, I don't know why you hung around short for so long, and in a carry pair no less. The carry pairs abruptly resumed their uptrend, as they tend to do. This is why I'm usually wary of going short on JPY pairs. You should have been out when the trend reversed:

http://img443.imageshack.us/img443/5168/outeb8.gif

I hope you did not go short after the short EMAs flipped over.

You need to get out of this trade. The likelihood of seeing 240 again this week is nil. You can wait to see if it retraces back to the 24 EMA, but if it starts moving up again, get out, take the loss, and learn from the experience.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Nicely done!

--- 帖子 #346 ---
On the doji matter-- Both Felicia and Phillip Nell are people of integrity!!

I wish there was a way to stop the Doji's of the world that " shoot first, ask questions later" To doji's credit there was an apology issued and graciously accepted by felicia. Hopefully we can continue learning and share so we can all become better traders.

Amado

--- 帖子 #347 ---
hm...did tot of gettin out but not in losses...already lock my losses with double lot of long.....still earning from daily swap & long...

probably it will took a long time for it to go down to 240 but i'm not worried cuz my broker allow the trade to be open as long as there is still a usable margin available & its just 1 mini lot...

doesn't matter where it sway, i'm alwiz hedging on this pair & trade with mini lot only....

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Hi Felicia,

I have just finished reading through your thread....it has motivated me to continue with my trading rather than throw in the towel. I have worked hard to achieve success but like many others have had mediocre results.

The lessons that I have learnt here is to take smaller profits, your charts show clearly using simple EMA’s, which way the market is moving with strength, you are correct in saying that most traders use far too many indicators and this causes uncertainty in their
minds.

I believe that your teaching of using the principle of compounding is a valuable one particularly for the younger traders who believe that every trade has to achieve maximum pips to make real money…..the key is to take small regular pips, in theory you can double your investment every week by just taking 20 pips per day from the market.

There is just one question…. because we are using actual price rather than a lagging indicator, once the smaller MA’s start to change direction and separate, do you then enter the trade on the first candle to close above the 72 EMA, I imagine this to be correct otherwise valuable pips would be lost waiting for the MA’s to cross the 72EMA?

Best Regards,

Glenn

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Hoping to see more of this change in use- I gather we stay in the trade until all colors change to opposite color or our predetermined tp?

Amado

--- 帖子 #350 ---
That might be too long, depending on where you entered and how far the countertrend move has gone.  You can use the profit bands, the 12-24 cross on the hourly, support and resistance, and the completion of the pair's average daily range (which would mean you would be in and out several times in a strong trend).  Flattening EMAs on the hourlies are also a good exit signal.  You want to try the anticipate the trend has likely exhausted itself.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
hi felicia,

can u post more charts example please?

--- 帖子 #352 ---
But that would be over-leveraging yourself. You don't want to go crazy with the leverage.

Taking small pip gains daily is not for everyone. Some prefer to hold trades for larger pip gains so long as the trend is still in place. It's all a matter of one's style.

Yes, that would be a good place to enter on the hourly, or the other charts for that matter.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
What would you like an example of?

--- 帖子 #354 ---
the multi timeframe trade using fxsniper's ma that u posted earlier.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Felicia, sorry if i post my current trades here ... i just want to share my trades using u'r Cornflower System to everyone here ...

if u don't mind, i'll keep update my positons with the reason why i entered the trade & why i closed my trades ... btw thx for teaching all of us ...

today, i opened 5 positions ... the reason i buy all this pair because EMA 24 has crossed Ema 72 on 1H chart & 30M chart...

here's my current positions :

--- 帖子 #356 ---
I have been playing around with the 5M chart using an 8 and 24 EMA... looks as if it may have possibilities, its a lot cleaner and easier to read than the 5/10/21/50.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
hi guys,

i am new to cornflower thread. did some reading over the weekend. does this look like a good oppurtunity to go long. as pointed by the arrow.i am on the H1 chart your answers will be appreciated as i am trying to understand the system.

thankyou.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Hi BIL2205,

i just wanna ask u, why do u sell on that trade ? because when i see that chart the Ema 24 is above Ema 72 and that means it's a Long Trade, am i right ???

--- 帖子 #359 ---
sorry about that , it is a previous trade still open on my demo account .should have closed it before posting  to avoid confusion. i am new to forex and am trying out diff strategies to see which one suits me best. so my question still remains if ignoring the SELL on my chart , according to cornflower system , is it a good position to go long. thanks.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Oh, sorry about that then  btw Good Luck with u'r trading

--- 帖子 #361 ---
I'm having trouble following what you are doing here.  I don't advocate hedging, but if it works for you, who am I to say?

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Here is what you don't want:

http://img256.imageshack.us/img256/5...admultipi4.jpg

5M is not aligned with the other charts. EMAs on 15m and 30m are flatterning out. This is a no trade. If the 5M were to turn green with some authority, we might have an entry.

Better:

http://img261.imageshack.us/img261/2...multicfmd7.jpg

We would want the 5M to turn green here. This is a solid trend that is simply pulling back at the moment. You will see when it's clear cut. The candles start moving above the EMAs with authority and you can enter. Again, I think it's pretty intuitive.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Please post your trades.  I would like more people to do this, actually.  I am a bit exhausted, and the recent negative posts have frankly bummed me out.  I'm therefore going to take a break from posting for a few days.  In the interim, please discuss amongst yourselves.  This is the only way the thread can continue to be educational; I can't do it all.

Best to all for now.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
thanks again for the charts above. it explains a lot. and give me a clearer view on this mtf approach. thanks.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Thx Felicia, then i'll keep post my trades here. Hope with my trade that using u'r method can help a lot of people here to learn something  ...

btw, Have a great Weekend Felicia ...

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Ok, due to a flat on 15M & 30M Charts so i closed my USD JPY position for +9 pips.

Maybe i'll close some trades tomorrow because if we look on the 15M & 30M, it's near time to exit the trade. i'll keep post my results ...

btw, Here's My Current Trades :

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Congratulations to Felicia and the posters on this thread for a really good approach to the market! I feel that I am learning a lot from all of you.

I entered EURJPY this morning at 165.50, when the 5, 15, and 30 min prices crossed the lower averages. I'm going to try to post the charts and would appreciate your opinions. The average marked in bold is a 120 period and seems to be useful, especially in the lower minute charts. Thank you all!

--Tony

I also want to add that I'm targeting 166, just below the previous high.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Felicia,

Don't let the negative vibes get you down.

I've been trading for a few years and have always had problems with trading retracements.

I've learned more from your thread in a week about this method of trading than I was ever able to on my own.

Attached are some results for this week . . . up over 400 pips on a demo account as I work out the nuances of your system.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Thank you for posting your impressive results. It really is a solid method

that will no doubt continue to yield good results and grow in popularity.

FXS

--- 帖子 #370 ---
I'm a noobie in FX, and have been studying various threads since March.

Having followed this thread from the beginning,  loaded up MT4 with the templates, studied the charts, read and re read my notes....I took the plunge this morning on Cable.

Seeing a pullback starting on the H1, with 20 mins left of the hour, I anticipated the price would go back to the 12ema and duly placed a limit buy order at that level - 1.9843. The order was filled (I had placed a stop @ 20 pips) and the price went on up after first touching the 24ema. I exited this evening @ 35pips gain....

Felicia - thankyou for sharing this approach - I like its simplicity and it has helped to clear my head which was becoming overwhelmed with multifarious indicators,etc. I do recognise the need to be aware of trendlines and S/R which can help set short term targets.

Don't let the negative posts get you down - people who want to be successful at FOREX appreciate your time.

Enjoy your break and relax in the meantime.

.....B

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Hi Everyone:

I closed out EURJPY for 12 pips at 19:18 gmt.  Reason was that USDJPY was staying close to its low, and EURUSD seemed to be having strong resistance at 1.3420/30.  Since it was a slow part of the day, I thought it was best to get out before a break to the downside made me so very, very sad!

Thanks again to Felicia!  I appreciate your hard work on our behalf.  - Tony

--- 帖子 #372 ---
I have a bad trade this week ... but don't worry, be happy  today i add more positions on GU because there's no sign ema 8 & 12 crossed ema 24 ... btw here's my closed trades :

Closed Trades :

EUR CHF = -17 pips (ema 8 & 12 Crossed ema 24 on 1H chart)
CHF JPY = -10 + 5 = -5 pips (ema 8 & 12 Crossed ema 24 1H chart)
EUR JPY = -27 + 39 = +12 pips (ema 8 & 12 Crossed ema 24 1H chart)
GBP JPY = -8 + 117 = +109 pips (Due to a flat 15M & 30M)

P/L This week : +108 pips

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Hai yen44x,

Wow, u'r results is amazing, this week +400 pips   do u trade every cross on H1 ? or only with Daily Trend ?

Congratulations yen44x

(i hope i can be like u someday , a pro trader )

--- 帖子 #374 ---
MizZu,

Thanks for the kind words. The markets have a way of keeping us humble, so we'll see how I'm doing at the end of the week.

In regard to trading style, I'm primarily using the 1-hour chart and strictly trading retracements to the 12 & 24 EMA per the Cornflower system. Felicia's post 362 was a big help in visualizing what to look for.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #375 ---
MizZu,

Just to elaborate a little more on what I'm doing . . . I'm just trying to follow the Cornflower system as closely as possible . . . nothing more, nothing less.

I tend to look at possible trades twice a day: around 10 a.m. EST, when prices seem to have a tendency to retrace and offer some entry points before resuming the trend, and then again around 4 to 7 pm EST, as Felicia suggested, when trading slows down.

I've attached a chart to show you one of this week's trades. My Long entry is highlighted. It's nothing fancy . . . just following the rules as I understand them.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
From what you have posted it still looks like you are booking profit for this week.
If you posted charts that went bad they can be looked at by this thread for analysis.

We are only mid-week and early in Euro session. There are a few pair that look like they are asking to be bought.

Plenty of time to trade.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
about u'r trading time,i wonder what time  10am EST if convert to GMT ?

Correct me if i'm wrong, so on 1H charts before u entry for another positions u always wait for the pullback to ema 8 & ema 12 when trading slow down ? coz u said before that the price will resuming the trend after that ...

Thx for u'r explanations yen4xx ...

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Ok thanks pip_hunter, good idea. next time i'll post the charts , i hope we can analyse it  on this thread in order to get more experience & sharing strategy to other member about why we entry / exit that trade ..

thx once again

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Ok

--- 帖子 #380 ---
MizZu,

I believe 10 am EST converts to 1500 (3 pm) GMT. Someone can correct me if I'm wrong.

The other time I look at the markets is 000 to 300 GMT, when trading is fairly slow.

Just to clarify, I wait for a pullback to at least the 12 EMA, but never open a trade based on pullback to just the 8 EMA.

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
FYI: http://timeanddate.com/

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Hei yen44x, thx 4 u'r help

Ok, today some of my trades got stopped out for total - 103 pips  maybe i should learn a lot from this thread ... but it's ok for me, since there's a lot of nice people here who always help me

P/L This week : +5 pips :

btw, here's my current trades :

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Hai Pip_Hunter,

Thx for time and date converter  ...

Domo Arigato ..

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Anytime...

--- 帖子 #385 ---
I tried downloading this and what I see is a screen with candles and no indicators.  Can someone please help me... thanks

--- 帖子 #386 ---
The attached is what I get when I load the template can someone please tell me if I need to adjust any setting in order to see my screen looking like Lever

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Lerner

You also need to use Lever70 "cornflower color template".

It's included as an attachment earlier in this thread.

Hope this helps.....

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Hi lerner, when u firs t click on trading systems in forex factory, u get a list of all the systems, there u look for cornflower. next to it u will see a paper clip sign like an attatchment( next to the 5 stars) .click on that and u will see all the attatchments for this thread . there u can look for the downloads and indicators. good luck

--- 帖子 #389 ---
I can't seem to download the new template.

The downloader says that the file is unknown then tries to find it but can't.

Any suggestions as to what I might do to fix it?

--- 帖子 #390 ---
agtmiller

right click on the file and choose save target as-then save it in the template file in your platform. you should be able to access

A

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Ok, last morning i closed my AUD JPY only for +17 pips. So total  P/L this week = +22 pips ...

Maybe i'll close some of my trades tomorrow due to flat on 30M ... So , here's my current trades :

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Working with this system and have only losses

just example today now price is on the 8 and 12 MA area. Loosing

The same had in tuesday on eurjpy.

USdJpy is now also almost loss

--- 帖子 #393 ---
what timeframes are you using?

--- 帖子 #394 ---
1H

and M30 sometimes

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Right now here is forming also 8 and 12 ma soon cross 24

So it means Long but i know i enter long as soon as they cross and it will be also loss

BTW i dont want to blame something I just want help maybe i do something incorrect?

--- 帖子 #396 ---
And here for sure what you will do here???

Price is inside 8 and 12 but what???

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Today is a bad day to trade, yesterday too. I am out the market these days.

You need to know that, maybe can help an adx indicator such us Tor 1.2 for example.

I think that this is a good system, but you need first to know if the pairs is in trend or sideway.

Coyan

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Where to find this indicator Tor and also how to know is it sideways or trending?

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Look at multiple timeframes, for example daily, 4hr, and 1hr

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Look here, read the thread.

I like the indicator in post 28

http://www.forex-tsd.com/indicators-...g-ranging.html

Coyan

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Hi,

I like this Guppy template as it identifies trend/sideways more visually at a glance. Copy and paste in the /templates folder and apply to your charts.

Guppy was referred to in Lever70's post somewhere as useful template for M1 scalping but it is well applicable to any time frames, H1, M30, M5...

As a regular routine, I first view H1 charts of various pairs and pick a few with clear up or down trends and then go to cornflower charts to seek the entry timing.

Play with it.

Akira

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Ok, here's my closed positions :
GBP USD, NZD USD, AUD USD ... i  closed my positions due to flat on 15M & 30M ... now, i'm waiting GBP CHF to entry (pullback on ema's 8 & 12 )... P/L this week = +206 pips ...

--- 帖子 #403 ---
MizZu,

Way to go!

--- 帖子 #404 ---
This is a nice method, but experienced traders know that more is needed. You need to have targets, defined stop losses and other features in order to be considered roboust. You will have 1000 pips one week and -1000 weeks others. If you guys seek a robust and strong system look at Philip thread, it's  much hard then this, that's why it is worth.

Nevertheless thank you Felicia you have some nice points here.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
As an experienced trader, I respectfully disagree. I'm not at all certain that a system has to be harder just to be successful. It would be good to keep in mind that many FF readers are newer traders, and a harder system might just be a recipe for disaster for an inexperienced trader. (That's not a knock on Philip's system, which I think is quite sound, but just a general observation.)

I would also like to point out that if you read the entire thread, you will see that suggestions on targets and stop losses are presented. I'm not sure what you mean by "other features", so it's hard to comment on that.

May I suggest you actually read the entire thread and demo the system before offering a critique. You may be pleasantly surprised.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Can't agree more.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
well said

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Thank you for helping me.

I am a little bit confused with this template so you mean you apply it only for determine trend?

And what is the rule of this lots of MAs??

And also thanks for another man for helping me yesterday he knows

--- 帖子 #409 ---
sory for this dumb question. i am new for mt4 platform how to use the fxsniper ema? --> sorry lever please ignore this question. btw thanks for sharing this great system.

thanks lever.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
My pleasure. Go see post #155 for more on Guppy by Lever70.

Also post #21 in this page:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...?t=5933&page=2

Lever70 details M5 entry timing in posts 89 and 97. Look into these posts as well. A 5-10 template is provided there - very useful.

Akira

--- 帖子 #411 ---
This week is very tough for my trading ... Today i got stopped by very BIG Movement on my GBP CHF for = -69 pips. And i closed EUR GBP for = +31 pips this morning due to FLAT on 15M & 30M ... Hope Next week will be better ...

Happy Weekend everyone ....

this week = +168 pips ...

--- 帖子 #412 ---
MizZu,

Don't be so hard on yourself.  Most traders would gladly settle for 168 pips in a week. That's an outstanding week of trading.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
If you are +1 over at the end you are ahead.

How many trades did you take this week?

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Thx for u'r kind words yen44x ... hope next week we can get more pips than this week  btw how's u'r trading ? keep up a good work yen44x

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Exactly.  A profit is a profit... if you didn't lose anything for the week, what's to worry about?

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Thx pip_Hunter ... Here's my trade This week :

Total Trade Closed :19
Total Loss Trade :  7
Total Win Trade : 12

This Week: +168 pips

How about u'r trading pip_Hunter this week ? hope u get a lot of pips using this  strategy

--- 帖子 #417 ---
I just started looking at this system this last week. No screen shots but around 80 pips on demo. eur.chf, eur.usd and usd.jpy. And I booked 15 pips from the gbp.usd earlier this week (live account) and of course it was the only time that it was in the chop (6.20.07) I entered on dip exited on the drop when it closed just below the 12ma.  My rule is "always exit when it closes above or below the MA I have determined."

As far as the demo trades, I only booked half because I was watching it to see how it played out with no stops and targets.

I plan to back test all weekend and apply a 2 unit test.

Unit one will target 10-20 pips depending on previous high/low. Once 1st target is hit, I will close 1 and move the 2nd to break even and use a MA as second exit. That MA hasn't been determined yet.  I am also thinking about using a MA as stop loss instead of a pre-set.

I know some reading this may say that's to tight.  I agree, but once I earn the pips, they are mine. Not the markets to play with.  I get up way to early and spend to much time back testing to consider it anybody elses.

As my confidence in the system increases, I will increase units and MA's for stops.

I have already back tested other systems like this, but were more of the MA cross based.  So overall I am pretty comfortable with it and the learning curve has already been established. The back testing is going to be more for understanding the personality of the currencies than anything else.

I left the cross based systems because of the unreliability over the long run, but now I am back because the only things you really need are S&R and price action.

PH

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Hi Felicia,

Glad you're taking some time away from this thread - I've started a few that became busy and know how time-consuming it can be to keep up.

My question is:

Is it okay to ambush a trade in progress or better to wait for a pullback (which may or may not occur)? I'm in the Chicago area and need to sleep during the European/London opens when many good things start to happen. I missed a lulu this morning on eurusd that was well under way by the time I got to the computer...

I'm really enjoying your method - keep up the great work.

Lou G

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Hey MizZu,

I ended the week with 481 pips on the demo account, with a win pct. of about 60%. A summary of the closed trades is attached.

As I experiment with the demo account, I've been placing 2 entries for each trade, one with a fairly small target of 20-30 pips, and the other with a larger target of 40-60 pips.

Now I'm looking forward to next week to see if it was just beginner's luck.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
If I may, I would suggest you spend a good time reading all the posts in the threads of lever70, Phillip Nel, Kharvell if you haven't still done so. They are all based on the same principle - trend following and enter at retrace. Though it may take you a week or a month, you will still save a lot, literally a lot, of time that those guys have spent before coming up with their rules/style. That could be several years, actually. Paper trade forward and settle with the style most comfortable and profitable for you. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Hey all, newbie here. Just finished reading all 28 pages. Whew. And now its friday at like 7:45 EST so no demoing for tonight. I love the system, thank you so much felicia for sharing it. Its simple, its easy, and its.. right!

My problem with almost every system I've tried has been missing the entrys because I'm just not at the PC when they happen. So I end up getting in late, making less money than I should, and often getting in at the end of the run.

Guess theres nothing I can do about that except wake up earlier, go to bed later, and stay glued to the laptop.

Anyway, just wanted to say hi and thanks :]

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Wow, that's amazing trades u've got yen44x ... +481 pips in this week is very impresive  i'm still experiment too in order to get trading style that best suited to me ...

Correct me if i'm wrong, u always placing 2 entries for each trade, 1st entries TP = 20 -30 pips and 2nd entries TP =40-60 pips .Is that mean for each trade u use 1 lot in 1st trade & 1 lot in 2nd trade OR 1/2 lot in 1st trade & 1/2 lot in 2nd trade ? and how about SL for each trade ? is it 50+spread ? or u have u'r own rules about SL ?

Great thx ...

Keep up a good work yen44x

--- 帖子 #423 ---
You have  2 days to back test with no market interuption.... Clock started when New York closed.  Get busy...

PH.

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Since it's a demo account, I'm just using 1 mini-lot for each trade. I used two targets this week to see how often I reached the first target but missed the higher target. This week, though, both targets were always hit on the winning trades. I'll probably continue to experiment with that for a while to see if there's any value in having a lower first target.

I'm still working on stop loss placement. What I did this week was to use the 72-EMA reading on the 30-min chart as a stop loss. That usually meant a stop loss of 25 to 50 pips, which seemed to work well, and then I would adjust it as the trade moved in my favor to reduce potential risk.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Hi Yen44x,

Was your step set up to touch the 72ema or close below?

PH

--- 帖子 #426 ---
well done yen44x  about SL, this week i used that Ema's 72 on 30M too  maybe i'll experiment again about TP next week , hope get more better pips ...

we'll discuss it later ...

Happy Weekend ...

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hi MizZu_X7,

Did you wait for a close below 72 to exit or a touch of the 72?

Thanks,

PH

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Doing some backtesting and I'm noticing that I'm missing a bunch of entries by waiting for pullbacks on the 1H chart. Am I misunderstanding something?

Picture 1:

8, 12, 24 cross above the 72.. no pullback into the 8-12 zone until point B. Lots of missed pips (shouldn't have cut the scale out of my picture, oh well.)

Then another pullback at point C, which is a fine trigger between the 12 and 24.

Out of all of them at the cross at point D.

But point A... where do you get in?

--- 帖子 #429 ---
And now the same area on the 30m chart...

We dont play pullbacks on the 30m, so coming in a little before point A is fine, or at point A.

B is confusing me. Strong trendline at 72ema, would you consider B as a rather large amount of support for the trend and buy or would you sit out?

8ema crosses 12 at point C so we're closing trades there.But then it comes back up. Buy or sit out?

8ema crosses 12 at point D, closing all trades.

Something tells me I'm missing some fundamental stuff here.

Edit: and I missed that between B and C theres signals all over the place... and nothing really comes of it.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
For example, i place my SL 20pt below ema's 72 on 30M chart , if today the price hit ema's 72 on 30M but didn't hit SL, then i'll closed my trades tomorrow. but if the price didn't hit SL & didn't hit ema's 72 on 30M, then i'll still in trade tomorrow ....

Here's Example on 30M GBP USD :

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Pip Hunter,

MizZu and I seem to have adopted similar strategies on the stop loss. I've been placing the stop 10 to 20 pips below the 72EMA on the 30-min chart.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
I didn't develop the system, so perhaps Felicia will want to reply to this when she returns, but the whole point of a trend retracement system is to allow a trend to develop and then take advantage of the inevitable pullback.

If any of us could consistently predict when "point A" would develop on any chart, we'd have the holy grail. Since we usually can't do that, the Cornflower system allows us to do the next best thing: Recognize that a trend has developed, and then enter at the pullback. The adage in trading is "buy the dips and sell the rallies". The Cornflower system gives you a predictable way to put that into action.

Did you lose some potential pips my missing the entry at "point A"? Yes, but it appears to me that both your "point B" and "point C" entries offered nice pip potential and definitely would have been winnable trades.

In regard to your next post (#429), I may have missed it, but I didn't see where Felicia ever suggested closing a trade when the 8 EMA crossed the 12 EMA on the 30 min chart.

Good luck in your trading.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Crap, that means I'm confusing all the different systems.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Not necessarily . . . You recognized the important elements of the 60-min chart, i.e. the entries at point B & C.

In regard to the other nuances, my suggestion would be to go back to the first post, click on Lever70 (Felicia's handle), and it will give you the option to read all her posts. That will allow you to review the highlights of the system very quickly.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Ok, Thank you.  From what you are telling me the actual stop is 20 or so pips below the 72 ema on the 30 minute time frame. If it closes below you exit and the set stop below that is the fail safe?  Is that correct?

Thanks,

PH

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Not exactly. I may not have been clear in my first post. I will usually set my stop 10-20 pips below the 72 EMA on the 30-min chart. Once that's done, I'm don't often look at the charts again for several hours. So, I'm not concerned about where the candle closes. When I return to the charts, if my stop has been hit, that trade's history. If it's moved up but has not hit my target, I'll adjust the stop loss again so it continues 10-20 pips below the 72 EMA, thereby reducing my potential loss.

Most importantly, keep in mind that these are NOT Felicia's rules. She may return and say that I'm dumber than rocks.  At this point, I'm just experimenting on a demo account and that stop loss method worked well this week.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
relooking at point A on the hourly chart (sorry to make you jump back a page) it looks like there is indeed a single candle between 8 and 12... but not by much.

I cant decide if I would have taken it there or not. Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #438 ---
That alright,  I just wanted feed back from the group. In my opinion, stops are always an area of "Art over Science".

Since you are off to a good start I am just interested in the brushes you are using.

PH

--- 帖子 #439 ---
What does a single candle between 8 & 12 signify to you?  Unless I'm totally misunderstanding your question, it has nothing to do with this system as far as I know.

Just looking at the chart, there's no trend in place at Point A, no retracement to between the 12 & 24 EMA, and therefore no trigger for a trade entry.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Euphoricism,

Here's the GBP-USD 60-min chart from this week that might help.

There's a definite trend established that offers several opportunities to enter at a pullback to between the 12 & 24 EMA, all of which appear to be winnable trades.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Hei yen44x,

nice setup there on 60M chart ... i missed some trades on GU this week, i should learn a lot from u again about entry (pullback between EMA's 12 & 24 )... btw thx for u'r chart, that's cool

Happy weekend ...

--- 帖子 #442 ---
I have applied Fibbonacci numbers to Felicia's system and have been very pleased. The system interacts beautifully with the Fibo numbers 5 13 21 55 89 144. Thanks Felicia and Thanks Leneordo Fibbonacci. Viva Italia!

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Irish,

In what fashion do you apply Fib numbers? For example are using simple retracement from previous hi/lo's? Or are they bands? Just curious. Thanks for your time.

Joe

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Thanks yen44x so much for your example. It's very helpful!

--- 帖子 #445 ---
I mainlly trade the Cable. If you look at a weekly 60m chart you can see that price when trending almost always pulls back to a fibo moving average--the consistency is remarkable. I monitor my trades on a 10m chart--again the 5ema is a great guide while in a trade. I use the fib numbers with price support and resistance . I have found this to be quite accurate. Also it seems to work in any time frame.  However keep in mind that this is a trend-following system.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
I have been reluctant to post to the thread for fear of complicating Felicia's elegant system - so in the spirit of not wanting to add something irrelavant, the example below shows something i've been using to identify potential entry points. I first mark the 1h chart with the significant red vertical bar to indicate the retracement close that i'm watching... during a trend. Then I mark the same line on the shorter time frames. The horizontal bar shows the opening price of the following bar on the 1h chart. I then mark that on the shorter time frames. I have found that this shows important information about support or resistance developing around the key MA's.

In the example I chose, the trend for AUDCAD is up so i'm inclined to pass on the sells. I'd be waiting for a long entry, however this is simply my personal trade strategy. Hope this is useful to the system.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Hi, Felicia. Hi, everyone. Hope everyone is doing fine. Just giving everyone a heads-up on Eurusd. Not quite sure on long term trend but hopefully we get some points.

Hope you have a good day.

James "stickers"

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Hi all, and let me add my thanks to Felicia for a great system, and ongoing patience in giving help to everyone.

Now I have something to contribute: have a look at GBP/CHF - a beautiful Cornflower trade just setting up on the hourly, with a pull-back to the 24 ema and a nice steep downtrend from Friday. Yes, I know it is against the carries, but there is a double top from Friday's high on the daily, and a weekly pin-bar (see James 16 thread for first flagging this) suggesting a move down. Sorry, I haven't figured out how to post charts, but it is pretty straightforward. Oh, and a shooting star on the 15 minute chart, and also the 4 hourly shows a downtrend. Anyway, I'm short at 2.4596.

Now we'll see - hope I don't end up with too much egg on my face!

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Eggs on the face are delicious. Trust me I know!

FXS

--- 帖子 #450 ---
These are swiss eggs too - especially delicious. The Swissy is doing the same - turned around very neatly at the 60 min 24 ema!

--- 帖子 #451 ---
aargh i need to stop confusing my systems. Done so much reading over the last week everything is jumbling together. Thanks for the graph yen, helped tons

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Nicely done, its done exactly as you said.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
I'm failing at my stop/losses. I guess I'm moving them to BE too early. Got stopped out of the euro/usd at BE just before it took off. Any tips for a newbie?

--- 帖子 #454 ---
GBP/CHF and USD/CHF have both pulled back almost to 24 ema, with longer MAs showing a nice strong downtrend still in place - could take another short entry at this point.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Euphoricism - I'm been wrestling with this one for a couple of years now. Bottom line: there is no easy answer, and no way you will avoid getting stopped out (short of not setting stops - DON'T try it!). I have decided that I either have to go for a short nippy trade, or a good long one - I have found that moving stops to breakeven mostly just stops me getting any profit, so when I'm feeling nervous about the market, I just prefer to take a small profit and run! Good advice I think is, especially while you are learning (and that is definitely still me), set modest profit goals and don't mess with your stops. But other people will maybe advise differently, and in the end it is up to you to work out your own comfort zone.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
owch.... I took the short too, so dont feel too bad.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Short on GBP/CHF is still looking good, Euphoricism! I got out of one position at a profit, re-entered at the next test of 24 ema, and am currently in profit. TP level not hit - maybe I was too greedy? but that is a lovely downtrend on the hourly, and the 4 hourly, and it is a descending triangle in a downtrend, and looks like it is just wanting to fall down the hole. Could be another bounce up before it goes, though - stop-running or what ever - but I am expecting a new low sometime today - TP before 2.4500, just to be safe.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
If you were awakened by a lot of noise in the middle of last night, that was me getting my *@% kicked due to Long positions on EUR/JPY & GBP/JPY.  Ouch!

On a brighter note, one Short position on GBP/CHF reached the 40-pip target & the second position is currently up 39 pips with a limit of 2.4515. Short positions on EUR/CHF & USD/CHF are also up currently , but the night is young.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
What a difference a few hours makes . . . my *@% is feeling much better now.

I closed out 1 position on USD-CHF at +20 pips & the other at +30, 1 position on EUR-CHF at +20 pips, and 1 position on GBP-CHF at +50 pips. All these were Short trades.

Here's the GBP-CHF chart:

--- 帖子 #460 ---
do u think gbp/chf will go down further?

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Based on the Cornflower System as I understand it, everything is still pointing south.

I have a new Short trade ready to go if there's a slight pullback to 2.4531.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
looks like there is strong up move right now.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Why didn't you tell me that 15 minutes ago?

Oh well, time will tell.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
hopefully it will comeback down around 12-24 area...

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Well, reached my TP (short) on this - all exit on limit around 2.4515 (2 microlot positions on Oanda and 2 minilot positions with CMC). Now, because I have not been doing so well lately, I want to pat myself on the back for 2 well-considered entries and also setting the TP and SL right - as you all know, not easy to get it all right! (got 53, 40 & 30 pips on 3 Oanda trades, including last night, and 80 & 50 on 2 CMC trades (1 entry from last night, and another on one of today's bounces) - my accounts are now looking a bit healthier).

My biggest problem is going for cowboy trades and throwing out the rules, so now I resolve to wait for another good set-up for a short (expect another retracement rally, started but not yet run out of steam) in context of overall downtrend, which still looks like the longer-term (well, M/T) trend.

I agree with you, Yen, about your entry/exit levels.

Good luck to you all!

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Very nice trading Starfire!

In regard to my perhaps ill-timed re-entry on GBP-CHF, it brings to mind that Felicia mentions the value of entering trades "during the quiet of the Asian session."

Since this is a demo account, I ignored that advice, but obviously it has value.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Hi there

I have been studying Conflower for a while now, but am still sketchy on some of the details.

Right now there seems to be a good setup on the H4 EURJPY. the price has rebounded nicely of the 72. Hower in all the lower timeframes, M30 etc the price is well below the 72

Does this mean the long trade should not be taken.?

many thanks

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Glad to see the thread active in my absence. It looks like there are some good discussions going on. Keep it up. I may not return until next week as I tend to some personal business. But I wish you all well.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
I have some questions re: the pullback trade on the H1 timeframe. Perhaps (in the absence of the author) someone will help me out.

Reference is made to a pullback "between the 12/24 emas". What about pullbacks past the 24 (or even past the 72). Are these still tradable?

When the retracement does come, are we entering after a closed candle past the 12/24 or at the actual cross of price/ema?

Please excuse me if these questions have already been answered. I actually have read this entire thread but sometimes my mind is like a steel watchacallit

--- 帖子 #470 ---
The answer is in post #1 of this tread.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...00&postcount=1

--- 帖子 #471 ---
I'll just refer to Felicia's posts since she created the system. She addresses pullbacks to the 72 EMA in these posts:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...0&postcount=29

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...5&postcount=41

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hello Felicia,

I've been reading this thread with growing interest over the last few days.  I have also been reading Jacko's and Kharvell's trading journal threads, both of which seem to dovetail nicely with Cornflower (or vice-versa?).  I really like the simplicity I see here and I look forward to incorporating this method into my trading.

Kharvell's Thread:  (The Cornflower part starts on page 21, post #302)
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=19102&page=21

Jacko's Thread: (the first page is about all you need...great stuff!)
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=27286

I think anyone here who finds the Cornflower method appealing to their style of trading will benefit from reading the two journals I've mentioned above.  In particular, after reading Jacko's method, I became even more interested in Cornflower because I believe the method you've outlined here has the potential to enable smaller traders to steadily hone their trading skills and increase their equity base so they can progress towards a longer-term trend trading methodology such as Jacko's.  At least that's MY personal goal...

So, thank you very much for sharing your expertise and insights and for sharing Cornflower with us!

--- 帖子 #473 ---
i've testing this system but still got some confusion. please see the picture Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

can anyone suggest what to do if the chart is like this?

thanks

--- 帖子 #474 ---
If you went Short, celebrate.

If you went Long, curse.

Or, wait for the 8, 12, & 24 EMA's to cross the 72 EMA, & then look for a pullback per the rules of the system.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
well u are correct. it is going down. right after i post that. o my god....

i am missing such a good trade..

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Hai eskelapa-forex,

Don't worry about that, there's plenty of chance to get on trade ... just be patient, wait for pullback then enter the trade and don't forget to use cornflower entry criteria

Happy Investing ...

--- 帖子 #477 ---
lol..

thanks..

--- 帖子 #478 ---
I think this is a very good system, worth-trying.. Thnks for sharing!

Leo2006

--- 帖子 #479 ---
I thinks its time for me to have a new demo account.

I'm going to get this, eventually! Setting SLs is killing me. I always seem to get stopped right before it takes off.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
I made +65 pips on a long Eur/Jpy trade today.  I had my charts setup for Cornflower but I actually took the signal based on what looked to be a good entry for a long position trade with an inverted hammer candle forming on the day chart.  When I saw that, I started looking down into the lower timeframes and saw literally EVERY ONE showing a solid upward trend with current upward price action.  I mention it here because its another example of #1. The value of trading WITH the trend... and #2. The value of using multiple time frames to confirm price action and the overall trend direction.

I also took +13 pips on a Usd/Jpy Short and that trade WAS a true Cornflower pullback exactly to the 12 EMA on the H1 chart.  This setup was also confirmed by a spinning top candle at 12:00 noon EST.  The M30 chart had a near identical setup with pullback to the 24 EMA line.  I entered short at 122.50 and the move was over in about 10 minutes.  The move went for +20 pips and I exited manually for +13 pips after retracement began.  My charts are posted below.

I was very pleased to have some good results today and I look forward to posting more as I go along.  The trend definitely IS your friend...just gotta find the right place to get onboard.  Cornflower seems to be a winner where that is concerned!  Today is my first day of trading Cornflower (and keeping Jacko's method in mind as well) and I'm up +78 pips for the day.  Thanks Felicia!

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Congrats, Pipskateer!

What is it that you have at the top right corner of your chart? A set of indicator values, price, etc. Looks interesting. I know the bottom right one...

RisingSun

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Hi Pipskateer,

Well done on your trades,its a great system.

Would you mind posting the indicator for the different time zones please.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Thanks guys!

I've zipped together all the indicators I'm using on my charts which now also includes the latest Forex Factory Calendar indy and an Auto Pivot indicator that draws day/week/monthly pivot lines.  I rearranged things a bit and you or someone else may like this setup, so I'm putting my template on here too.  Feel free to use it if you like.  Here's what it looks like now...

http://www.creations4christ.com/forex/gbpjpy-cf.gif

The pic looks a bit scrunched up due to resizing, but I have things spread out so it's actually nice and readable.  Enjoy!

I booked +8 pips on a Aud/Usd trade today and I have two others still in the works.  One Gbp/Jpy that is about +15 pips and a Gbp/Usd trade that is about -8 pips and hasn't really gone anywhere all day...   Overall, not too bad.  I missed a couple of better trades early this morning during the London session if I had been in front of the PC.

Well, back to the fun!  Enjoy the indicators and many PIPS TO YOU!!

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Thank you. Goodluck

--- 帖子 #485 ---
AUD/JPY provided a nice Cornflower trade at the start of today's Asian session.

I opened a Long trade at 104.22 with 2 lots. The first lot reached its target of 104.47 for a 25-pip gain. The stop loss on the 2nd lot is now at breakeven, with a TP of 104.62.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
The 2nd lot of the AUD/JPY Long trade just reached the target price, for a total of 65 pips on the two lots.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
thanks pipskateer for the templates. can u tell me how to change the local time since my local time is GMT+7. i already try to modify the clock v1.1 but it is not showing like the one on ur template..

please advise. thanks

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Good Job

--- 帖子 #489 ---
I opened the trade last night around .8478 and closed the trade this morning at second yellow line (.8491)

Not knowing the future, I chose to close because of previous S&R. IF price wouldn't have expanded so fast I would have kept in the trade, but I have found that rapid expansions retrace quicker.

At the time of this post I would still be in the trade, but that's 20/20 vision for you

When I closed this trade I entered the eur.usd trade using GMA method for + pips.

PH.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
From the posting rules:

"All charts posted should be 600x600 or less. Larger charts will stretch the thread horizontally, making it difficult to read".

In addition, may I point out that charts with black background and dark-colored EMAs  do not show up well. Light backgrounds with darker EMAs are MUCH easier to see.

I'm looking forward to the author's return. Some of the system rules are not entirely clear to me (though I'm ending the month in black numbers for the first time since I began trading live due to the Cornflower method) and I'm hoping Felicia will clarify them in a definitive way.

This is an excellent thread and thanks to all who continue to keep it alive.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Lou G,

I've been posting with a black background, but I agree it has not been very legible. I'll try a lighter background. Thanks for the hint.

One slight correction, though. Postings can now be as large as 700 x 1000.

Like you, this has been a profitable system for me so far, so I'm looking forward to Felicia's return also.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Hi Eskelapa,

You just have to keep playing with the first three settings on the inputs, Broker TZ, Local Tz, and DST.  I am in EST and so is my MT4 demo broker (Tradex).  My settings are:

Broker TZ:  -4.0

Local Tz:  -4.0

DST: True

Hope that helps...I don't have any documentation on the indy, sorry.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Here's my trades for the week using Cornflower and Jacko's overall trend-following philosophy:

8 Wins / 0 Losers

Eur/Usd:  +52 pips

Eur/Chf:  +58 pips

Eur/Chf:  +18 pips

Eur/Jpy:  +65 pips

Gbp/Usd:  +15 pips

Gbp/Jpy:  +70 pips

Usd/Jpy:  +13 pips

Aud/Usd:  +8 pips

TOTAL:     +299 pips

I'm tickled "cornflower"!!

--- 帖子 #494 ---
I wasn't aware of the change in posting rules for charts - thanks. As far as the lighter background thing; they're not only easier to read but some folks like to print the sample charts for offline reference - saves the black ink cartridge for those who do this.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Seems like the Jacko/Cornflower hybrid has been pretty good to some people around here. Can we see some Jacko trend charts, to get an idea of how linear the daily trend needs to be and over what time period?

Thanks.

P.S. Not trying to hijack the thread w/ Jacko's stuff, but am finding the Jacko combo adds a new dimension to Lever's system.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Hello Tdion,

After reading the Cornflower thread that led me over to Kharvell's thread, I eventually found Jacko's thread from that one.  When I was done with all of that reading, I had the deepest impression that Cornflower would dovetail very nicely with Jacko's overarching trading principles.  It seems to me that Cornflower is a very nice method of getting a visual representation of what Jacko does...trading WITH the trend and finding a good spot to get in.  Jacko doesn't like EMA's or anything more than a 50% fibo line, support/resistance lines, trading at round numbers in price action, and buying the dips in the major trends.  However, I like what I SEE with Cornflower and will use it along side all the other tools that work for ME...

I don't recall seeing any charts posted in Jacko's thread from what I recall, so I don't know what one would look like other than just a nice, smooth uptrend/downtrend on a Day/Week/Month chart.  I prefer the nice, steady looking trend lines of about 30-60 degrees.  But remember Jacko's definition of trends:

---------------------------------------------------------------------

DETERMINE THE TIME FRAME THAT YOU WANT TO TRADE.

1. If the graph on the chart starts in the bottom left hand corner and ends in the top right hand corner, the market is going UP.

2. If the graph on the chart starts in the top left hand corner and ends in the bottom right hand corner, the market is going DOWN.

3. If you are still confused, print it off and show it to a 5 year old...they will get it right EVERY time...LOL

The trend is the BEST friend you will ever have in the Forex market.

When you trade with the trend, even if you make a mistake, the market will get you out of your problem....If you make a mistake and you are fighting the trend ...YOU ARE STUFFED, BIG TIME !!!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

I have personally been doing my trades with Jacko's trading principles in my head as I use and apply Cornflower.  Also, I'm not strictly using Cornflower only on the 30M and 1H charts.  I also use it on higher timeframes and will take trades from those as well, so long as there are multiple time-frames providing confluence.  Also, if you identify a trade entry on the higher TF's, the lower TF's can help you dial it in a bit so you can maybe avoid having to suffer a drawdown until the trade goes your way.

I generally will look at a pair from the Monthly chart downward to get the long term bias for the pair.  Then as I move downward to shorter TF's, I try to find a Cornflower setup, usually in 1H or 30M if I can, but will also take a CF signal on the H4 or daily chart.  Someday, I hope to be trading from the Weekly and Monthly charts with longer term positions, but not until I gain a bit more confidence in what I'm doing and how I'm reading the signals.  So far, so good, but its very early in the process...

--- 帖子 #497 ---
[quote=tdion;1481131]Seems like the Jacko/Cornflower hybrid has been pretty good to some people around here. Can we see some Jacko trend charts, to get an idea of how linear the daily trend needs to be and over what time period?
quote]

Hi Tdion,

Jacko explains it pretty well, but I personally use the same template on the 4hr and really not even that. I use trendlines starting on the monthly and this is how it goes.
Monthly - Dotted line (red)
Weekly - Solid (red)
Daily - Yellow
4hr - Blue

I then look for support and resistance areas.  What I have done and seems to work well is during my back tests of different ideas is, I go back at least 2 years of data.  While I am doing my tests, I place an infinity parallel line at major areas of S&R and leave them be.

Sometimes price will hit those months later, well be on your one or two monitors and you will be the wiser.

Or if you use a different chart service for testing and trading, just jot down the S&R numbers and then place them on your chart. Many times they are whole numbers.

I feel more comfortable and profitable going in the direction of the Red lines. I will still trade the blue and yellow if they are going in opposite direction, but I will be less tolerant of trade if it goes against the Reds.

Hope that helped,
PH

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Thank you for your help. it is working now my place is gmt+7

DST : false but i don't know my broker TZ

does anybody here know what the TZ for liteforex?

--- 帖子 #499 ---
G'day all.

Great thread! Thanks Lever and all contributors for the knowledge shared. In the spirit of sharing I have attached version-1 of my mt4 indicator which plots all 4 ma's on a chart. Apologies if someone has already contributed a similar one. This one includes ma color change feature.

Cheers ... rjb (Australia)

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Another GREAT week for Cornflower and Fibonnacci. I substituted  fibo emas 8 13 21 55 and 144.  They worked great with my Cable trades  all week.  I am now looking at fibo emas 233 and 377 to see if they catch retracements. Check out cable and the fibo emas!

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Dear Sir,

I have been reading, with great attention and interest, your posts regarding your Cornflower system. However, I am hopelessly lost in the details of what a "proper" setup might look like . . . both "long" and "short."

I am particularly annoyed with myself because I consider myself to be reasonably intelligent young man.

Specifically, I am having great difficulty recognizing a good setup from a poor one. I realize that trendline agreement between the various time-frames is important. Additionally, I do understand the concept of the EMA's to price. However, I am snowed under with what a typical LONG and SHORT setup might look like.

Any advice or JPG's that illustrates the point would be greatly appreciated. Again, many thanks for your dedication and obvious expertise!

Kevin K

Cal -USA

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Hi Kevin,

I'll give it a whirl for you.  Sounds like you and I learn in similar ways.  I can get a pretty good handle on the concepts and have it pretty straight in my mind, but I also need to have the visual frame of reference to solidify my thinking.

These charts are on the H1 timeframe and represent Cornflower setups as described in Lever70's first post in this thread where price has pulled back against the prevailing trend and has touched or entered the area between the 12 and 24 EMA's.

I think the text of Lever70's first post actually says that price should pullback BETWEEN the 12/24 EMA's.  So, someone please correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it was said later in the thread that a "touch" of the 12 EMA was also acceptable.  Either way, the signals I've shown here were good trades.

http://www.creations4christ.com/forex/cf-long.gif

http://www.creations4christ.com/forex/cf-short.gif

Once a Cornflower trade signal is identified, I think the difference between a good setup and a poor one has more to do with whether the trade you see forming IS or IS NOT confirmed by the higher and lower timeframes immediately surrounding H1.  I also prefer taking H1 trades that are in the direction of the prevailing longer term trend from at least on the Day chart.  It also helps if the M30 and M15 charts are headed the same way.  If you are working with a nice, steady trend on the H1, then the surrounding timeframes should provide a confluence correlation with the H1.  I don't like working with trends that are too steep or too shallow, somewhere between a 60 degree to 30 degree slope works best for me.

I also rely a lot on candle formations around the Cornflower signal points.  I notice a lot of hammers, dojis, and spinning tops that seem to form where these signals occur.  Just more confluence of indicators to point the way...

Best wishes on your trading!

--- 帖子 #503 ---
I-37, been using the 233 for sometime now and it works very well on most timeframes. Attached is a 4 hr EuroUSd pic that captured some very nice turns and trends.

Sejake

--- 帖子 #504 ---
I just realized that I had described and posted charts for only ONE type of Cornflower entry....the conservative PULLBACK entry.  There is also a more aggressive entry called the INITIAL entry.  This involves a signal from the M30 chart where price action moves across the 72 EMA and a candle closes "with authority" (meaning the close was near the top or bottom of its range).  Also, the 8/12/24 lines should already be stacked in correct order prior to crossing the 72 EMA following price action.

Here is a chart with an example.

http://www.creations4christ.com/fore...al%20short.gif

--- 帖子 #505 ---
I haven't read through the entire thread yet so forgive me if this question may already have been asked, but what type of ema's are we using? What I mean is that there is an option when setting an ema on our charts to apply the Close, Open, High, or Low to it. Which one do we apply?

--- 帖子 #506 ---
The first post in this thread will answer your questions - the posts on this page will show you the entry points (thanks to Pipskateer).

--- 帖子 #507 ---
It's easy enough to find out....when your broker platform comes back online during market hours, just find out what time it is currently in the GMT zone and compare it with the time on the current H1 bar that opened on your broker platform.  That should tell you the difference between your broker's time and GMT.  Glad you got it working!

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Good strategy PH...always helps to know where those major S/R levels are...

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Hi Rjb,

Thanks for sharing your indicator.  I think if they are used as "tools", indicators can be a very good thing to help us trade.  It seems when we begin to rely on a particular indicator to do our trading for us is when we begin to get into trouble.

Having said that, I would like to suggest a couple things that you might consider adding to your indy for enhancements.

#1.  Would be nice if there could be an arrow drawn UP or DOWN on the chart for when a "PULLBACK" trade signals on the H1 chart with either a touch or cross of the 12 EMA.  Also, you could have another signal from the M30 chart for a Cornflower "INITIAL" entry at the close of a candle crossing the 72 EMA.

#2.  Also have the option of having audible/pop-up alerts and email alerts  for these signals with on/off toggle ability.

I think those additions would be helpful.  Thanks again for sharing your work!

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hi Pipskateer,

Price always remembers where it's been.

PH

--- 帖子 #511 ---
I think you may have misunderstood my question, because the first post of this thread does not give the answer to the question I have asked. My question was: Do we we set the ema(s) at Close, Open, High, or Low? In case you didn't know, whenever you place an ema on the chart then you have to use one of these options (there are actually more options with some charts, but these are the main ones). If you do not use the drop down box (when choosing an ema) then it will automatically give you what is currently set there. In my case, the current setting in my drop down box on my chart for the ema is the "Close" setting. Am I suppose to leave it there or do I change it to one of the other ema settings?

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Which thread are you talking about? Philip has more than one thread...

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Here you go:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=308

--- 帖子 #514 ---
great chart/explanation, ...When is the exact entry?? At the close of the candle that the arrow is pointing to??  Or is there a wait and see on the very next candle??  Can you clarify?

thanks

generalz

--- 帖子 #515 ---
yen44x,

Thanks so much for the answer... that was exactly what I was looking for!

--- 帖子 #516 ---
hello felicia nice thread here, i'll try this method for 1 month then i'll go live with it , thanks for sharing this method

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Thank you Pipskateer for your charts with the big, colourful arrows pointing out how an entry setup looks. It makes it very clear to me now. I'm new to cornflower so I'll demo for a bit to see if it's for me or not

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Sure seems that way doesn't it...like it has a "mind" of its own.  Of course, we know that Fibo's and other levels of S/R work because so many traders (esp the BIG money traders...) use them.  Just makes sense to go with the flow, eh?

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Hi Generalz,

This is just my non-professional opinion, but for me, a "touch" of the 12 EMA line is enough for an entry signal (although it's a less conservative approach) PROVIDED THAT.....

#1.  The CF signal points to the direction of the prevailing overall trend on the H1 and higher charts.

#2.  The lower charts (at least M30) also support the direction of the H1 move, which I find they usually do if the H1 chart already has a nice steady ongoing trend at the time of the signal.

I think the more conservative approach would be to wait for the candle which made the signal to close.  This will also give you the opportunity to see if that particular candle turns out to be an exhaustion or reversal candle, such as a doji, hammer, or spinning top which would give you even more confidence that price was going to move ahead in the direction you want it to go.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Cool!  Glad they helped!

--- 帖子 #521 ---
I was going over the charts earlier and found this setup in progress, left over from the close of trading on Friday...  I don't trade Fridays after about noon or so EST, so I didn't see it until today.  Considering the weekend break, I'd wait for more confirmation that price was going to move UP before taking a position, but this signal  meets the CF criteria.  Note the final hammer candle with the very long wick.  Also, you can see that price had deflected off the Daily R2 resistance level pivot point, came back down to the Daily R1 and then bounced back up, making the previous R1 a SUPPORT level now.   These are good indications of where price might be headed when trading reopens, but I would have preferred an entry closer to the 166.50 area.  Also, the higher TF charts support a long entry and several of the lower TF's do too.  We'll see where it goes...

http://www.creations4christ.com/fore...0cf%20long.gif

--- 帖子 #522 ---
What want to know is WHERE do I get those Excellent arrows? Those I can see and look great, they would make a nice arrow indicator for forex dummies like me.

kevin

--- 帖子 #523 ---
what charting platform are you using?

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Hi Kevin,

The arrows are standard 3D objects from my Paint Shop Pro 7 graphics package...they're not part of the charting.  I add them onto the .gif after I capture it from MT4.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Hey John,

I have several MT4 demo's, this one was from FXDD.  However, I have them all set up with my standard indicators.  See my post #483 in this thread for a zip file containing my template and all the indicators I use.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
hi pipskateer. yeah i think it is a good idea to put an alert when there is cornflower signal like u mention. so please if somebody can make it would be great.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Hello all,

It's truly gratifying to see this thread moving forward. You are all doing an amazing job, both in trading the system and helping each other out. It is what I had hoped to see when I originally created the thread.

I will be answering all of your questions and PMs in the coming week as I return from hibernation.  Many pips to all of you.

Best,

Felicia

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Welcome Back!

This thread is not just moving forward, but gaining strength as it goes.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
I'm truly astonished. My demo is up 240 pips in nearly 4 hours of trading. Using 20 pip targets watching 10 currency pairs and 6 currency futures.

Is it always this good?

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Wow!  Good for YOU Jafar00!   On which pairs did you make your pips?  I haven't seen much going on during the last 12 hours or so....   Maybe my eyes are just buggin' out from staring at the screen...

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Hi there Felicia!  Nothing but good stuff here at FF!!

--- 帖子 #532 ---
The market analysis methodology exposed by the cornflower system is a revelation to me. It has not yet transformed my trading results but it most certainly has transformed my perception of price action. I see the cornflower system as an analysis framework within which to view the market action. I am so grateful to lever70 (and you other contributors) for the quantum leap in my FX education. In the spirit of sharing, I have attached a mt4 EXPERT (not an indicator so put it in the experts folder) which will alert when a predefined ma is touched. The default ma is 12 but you can set it to anything. Upon ma touch, a sound (news.wav in sounds folder) will be played and an arrow drawn on the chart. I consider myself an average fx trader but a gun mt4 programmer so I am only too happy to enhance the EA with sensible features.

My mt4 setup comprises 2 profiles:

1. A Master profile with 10 pairs in tabs on H1 timeframe

2. A Detail_View profile with 4 mini windows on H1, M30, M15, M5

Using function key F5 in mt4, I can switch from Master to Detail_View and back again for any pair. This gives me a full screen H1 chart + 4 mini windows when needed with a single keypress.

Cheers

rjb

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Nice Trade using this system today . i opened 5 positions this morning, not moved my SL yet, maybe later . Hope this week much better than last week

Thx to Felicia, yen44x ,kevin & all traders here who always help each other ...

Here's My Current Trades :

--- 帖子 #534 ---
MizZu,

Very impressive . . . super trading!

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Thx to u  i just using my old trading style = Follow the trend & Be patient ...

Keep up a good work too Yen44x, can't wait to see u'r trades result this week ...

Domo Arigato Gozaimasu ...

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Excellent results MizZu!  Just to confirm, are these all Cornflower trades?

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Yup, that's right ... all these trade based on cornflower method ... entry when the price pullback to EMA's 12 on H1 chart

Happy Investing Pipskateer ....

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Awesome Rjb!  Thanks for this....giving it a try now!  I missed several signals last night and I think this will help me a lot and keep me from staring at the screens all the time.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Thanks, Rjb!

--- 帖子 #540 ---
An excellent summation...fits my perspective too!

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Good job and...

Do you use false filters?

No every pullback are a good entry, you know.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Hi RJB,

thank's a lot for the EA,

I have it running on a lot of pairs (15) to test it, but I get a bit confused regarding which sound alarm which fits which pair???

Is it possible to make a "alert notice" on the screen also, saying which pair the alert is regarding..? An email function would also be lovely.

Thanks in advance buddy,

PipCruiser

--- 帖子 #543 ---
This system is very easy and it's been working for me, I don't know why some people like to complicate it and make it seem very hard.

Anyways, just wanted to say Thanks to Felicia

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Thank you sir! Wanted you to know how grateful I am for the information and super postings! Having a group of folks who don't mind answering the "obvious" or very basic question is appreciated. I am very new to all of this and deisre to master it (to the fullest extent possible.)

Do you think that "paper trading" Cornflower for a few weeks would be beneficial? (just to see if I can make a go of it.) Probably gonna have to take my licks, and rather have them be on-paper! Any suggestions or pitfalls to look-out for?

Well, here's hoping that you will ALL continue to propser! And, oh yes, I hope that you won't mind answering a few more questions (as I stumble and bumble my way through what might seem obvious to all of you.)

Kindest Regards,

Kev-K

--- 帖子 #545 ---
maybe add an 18 ema for scaling in. after a trend reversal on an HRLY chart, followed by a good run up/down for several hours, the mkt often tests the 18 ema area and tends to hold for further continuation.

maybe scaling in @  touch of 12, 18, then 24.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Is that a signal going on to get into G/J Long now?

Hehe.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
eur/usd, gbp/usd, usd/chf, usd/jpy, eur/jpy, gbp/jpy, aud/usd, nzd/usd, usd/cad, eur/chf, 6e(euro), 6a(aud), 6b(gbp), 6c(cad), 6j(jpy), 6s(chf)

I just took multiple entries based on 20 pip targets.

Attached is what my platform looked like today. All green

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Hi Kev-K,

I'm so glad you have found my posts and those of others to be helpful.  That is exactly why I come to Forex Factory because they do a TOP NOTCH JOB of making sure this place doesn't lose it's purpose (as well as making sure the furniture doesn't get torn up in bar room brawls!   )

Yes, I think paper trading is an excellent idea for beginners and pros alike anytime you are trying out a new system.  At the very least, you can also just work with a free demo account and take your "licks" there.  Either way, I think there are folks here with MUCH more experience than myself who would tell you not to try ANY system with LIVE funds until you know it front and back in demo/paper trading!  And then...just when you feel that overwhelming urge to "GO LIVE"...sit back and demo trade for another 6 months MINIMUM!

I think this is a very simple system to learn and that is a definite PLUS!  In our quest to make Cornflower "better", I hope we do not forget the "simplicity" that it holds, which I feel is one of its best features.   I've seen a lot of criticism about MA systems (mainly "crossovers", which Cornflower is NOT), but I have to say that I really think Lever70 has got it goin' ON with this one!

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Congrats Jafar00!  I could sure use a few more GREEN DAYS like THAT!

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Too much whipsaw for me...   Looks like it could be a reversal to Long, but it's already recently reversed Short, so......????   I'd stay out until we get a good solid signal, just my 2 cents...

--- 帖子 #551 ---
No problem...

Attached is version-2 which includes an optional Alert.

Its just a ma-touch expert and is not intended to implement Dave's (lever70)  guidelines.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Thx 200,

No, i'm not using any false filter yet ... because i'm still newbie here, i don't know how to filter bad trades with indicator,  so i stick with original cornflower method. My only filter is follow the Daily Trend, so if there any chance to go against the Daily Trend, i won't take it . Hope u understand

Happy Investing ...

--- 帖子 #553 ---
woahh thanks rjb. this is the one that i am looking for...

for mizzu nice trade... all green... very2 nice

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Hehe up +45pips now on g/j long

Anyway it didn't go short since yesterday because,

1. The 24EMA did not go below the 72EMA to signal a short. It was just hovering above the 72EMA for such a long period. (1hour chart). I didn't take the 30min signal.

2. Price did not close below 246.00 convincely. It was building a base there.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Thank's rbj,

very nice of you to make this ver. 2.

Happy trading,

PipCruiser

--- 帖子 #556 ---
The daily trend is the indicator.

How do you define a trend up, down and range?

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Flat day across all pairs so far...

CHFJPY appears to have rotated !

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Great work MizZu - I've been following yours and yen44's progress. You both are a great help and as far as I can see, excellent traders. May you continue your success! -Joe

--- 帖子 #559 ---
I took 2 trades during the early part of the Asian session, 1 winner & 1 loser.

First, the bad  : AUD/CAD Long. I thought this was a trade with good potential . . . but someone forgot to tell all the other traders apparently. :surprised I may have tried to jump on board a developing trend too early, or it might just have been the whims of trading.

Now, the good : GBP/USD Long. I entered at 2.0163 when price retraced, and set a very modest target of 20 pips on 1 lot & 30 pips on the 2nd lot in anticipation of price stalling, at least temporarily, at 2.0200. As it turned out, the market did retreat just below 2.0200, but went high enough to reach my targets.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Still catching up on all of your posts. In the meantime, this is an ideal setup:

http://img528.imageshack.us/img528/8466/eurchfpd5.jpg

--- 帖子 #561 ---
thnx for the EA. it is the first time and i think it would help me much along the way im learning more about forex. thnx to u guys.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
btw @mizzu:

ur journal is truly showing that ur a pro trader. keep it up

u give inspirations to us newbies

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Now I'm no expert, mate, but re your attempted trade on AUD/CAD yesterday.   Before you entered the trade, the price had been moving sideways for a while.  I would have probably have drawn a resistance line across the top of them and waited for the price to pierce that before entering a trade.  I know it's not strictly according to the rules (although I could be wrong), but it just seemed the most sensible thing to do.   Sorry if I'm out of order, mate, but it's just my opinion.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
You very well could be right.  My purpose in sharing losses  publicly as well as wins is in the hope that other traders will analyze the trade and perhaps learn something from it that can be applied to their own trading.

Would I take the same trade again? Probably so. The pair was trending up before moving into the sideways pattern or channel. A channel is usually considered a continuation pattern, and the breakout will be in the direction of the trend more often than not.

My thinking was that the trade fit the parameters of a Cornflower trade, and responding to the signal has resulted in a lot more winners than losers for me lately.  As it turned out, price ended up testing  the 72 EMA before resuming the trend, and I was stopped out.

Oh well, enough self-analysis for one day.

Long live the Cornflower System. I've been trading for 6 years and feel like I've just discovered the "missing link", so thanks Felicia!

--- 帖子 #565 ---
My apologies in advance for trying everyone's patience with yet more Newbie questions that may have been answered somewhere in the previous 540 posts but missed by me.

On a 60 min chart and presuming an uptrend

1. If a pullback causes the 12 EMA to cross below the 24 EMA is it advisable to wait for them to cross back before taking a Long trade.

2. In the above situation but with price showing no signs of returning back to the uptrend and the shorter EMAs all having reversed, is it necessary to wait for price to break below the 72EMA before considering a Short trade.

3. Again, using 60 min chart and presuming an uptrend, what is the trigger for a Long trade. Do I have to wait for price to break back above the 12 EMA and if so, do I wait for the candle to close or is it just discretionary ie. guessing and hoping if there is no additional signal such as price hitting strong support or a reversal candle signal.

Thanks to everyone here for giving up their valuable time to help others. Until I saw this system, my trading has been just the "Triumph of Hope over Experience" Hopefully thanks to Cornflower this will now change.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Pipskateer, you have done an amazing job with your charts.  Way to go!

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Yes. Paper trade the system. You will get a feel for the nuances of how to trade it without risking any money. There is a rhythm to the market that can be discerned through every day trading, even if it is only on demo. Better to figure this out on demo than with real money.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
1) Yes - the EMAs must be all aligned in the same direction.  If not, it's a no trade.

2) Yes - the 72 EMA is what determines the trend.  Above = long, below = short.

3) You can enter at the 12 EMA.  You do not need to wait for a break.  If you have a job, for instance, you can simply put an entry order there.  Traders who can actively watch the market should use the MTF cornflower (60m, 30m, 15m, and 5m).  Remember money manegement.  Do not over-leverage yourself if you can't actively watch what is going on.  Trade smaller, but aim bigger.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
I'm still surprised there has been no discussion at all of the profit bands I recommended in post #281. Is anyone using these for profit taking?

--- 帖子 #570 ---
EUR-JPY offered a Long opportunity today on the Cornflower System. Lot #1 just closed out at 20 pips profit and Lot #2 is still open.

I'm finding that Felicia's suggestion to take a look at the markets during the quiet of the early Asian session is working out quite well.

Here's the EUR/JPY chart:

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hi Yen44x,

Why did you choose that bar to open your trade?

Terryed

--- 帖子 #572 ---
There was no real method to the madness on that trade other than I figured that trading during the U.S. session would be light with the holiday, so I waited an hour or so into the Asian session to look at the charts.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
thanks for reply Yen,

It's just that the bar before was a new high, did you

consider that?

Terry

--- 帖子 #574 ---
My charts show a slightly higher high on the 3rd, but either way, I actually didn't consider it. (Not that it's not important . . . just trying to be honest). In retrospect, though, EUR/JPY has been establishing new highs for a couple of months now.

I'm currently trading the Cornflower System on a demo account, so I'm just basically taking every signal I recognize on a few currencies I've chosen to test it out with.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
It seems to me that UJ is giving a long signal around 122.66 in both 1H and 30M TF following Cornflower system.

Happy pips to all,

Hani

--- 帖子 #576 ---
g/j long signal now at 246.84

noticed the long wick on H1.........setting up a run to the highs for today and tomolo.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
NZD/USD is executing Cornflower perfectly!

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Closed for 40pips

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Great call, but what system were you using. Was it Cornflower or something else.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Mostly cornflower.......

And some risk taking......

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Currently on short usd/chf @ 1.2136

Targeting 40pips down.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
can u clarify more on this? i dont think it's the original cornflower..

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Can short usd/chf again here @ 1.2185

Long gbp/usd @ 2.0115

Long eur/usd @ 1.3595

Target 20pips for e/u and 40pips each for usd/chf and gbp/usd.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Your intuition may be 100% correct, but within the context of the Cornflower System, aren't the EMA's pointed in the wrong direction on all of these trades?

--- 帖子 #585 ---
yup! definitely agreed with yen44x

--- 帖子 #586 ---
The 8, 12, 24 EMAs has not crossed the 72EMA. The EMAs must be below 72EMA for trend to establish. Usually I think this kind of price action is a trap to trap traders. This kind of price action usually tends do some retracement back.

Not forgetting NFP is less than 24 hours away. Im not using intuition. I am just following the rules of the system.

However I do know I could be wrong. No probelm, just close the losing trade and follow the trend to gain back.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
pls look at the closed H1 candle in usd/chf and eur/usd chart.

A LONG SHADOW / WICK

I guess this is an action taken to flush out those weak e/u longs and weak usd/chf shorts.

If the current H1 candle closes above the 72EMA for e/u, I guess we could pretty much go long for the rest of the day and hopefully tommorrow.

This is my opinion only. You can have yours.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
I just loaded the templates in my IBFX. I will check them out. Thanks a lot for your continuos support! It's really appreciated...

--- 帖子 #589 ---
I absolutely respect your opinion, and wish you well on your trade.

The only intent of my question was in regard to whether these trades were actually based on Cornflower System signal rules.

My understanding was that the EMA's on a 60 MIN chart should be pointed in the same direction as the trade per Felicia's posts:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=568
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...8&postcount=20

--- 帖子 #590 ---
let's wait what will felicia say about this.. i mean should we apply candle pattern into cornflower or not.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Thanks Felicia,

I just hope I can keep up with everyone here in doing as great a job at the trading console!  Thanks for sharing Cornflower with us!

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Hi Yen44x,

I think you'd be hard pressed to find a situation where there was a Cornflower pullback signal without at least some reversal of the 12/24 EMA lines direction.  This one just happened to also be a strong pullback well below even the 72 EMA.  The danger with this trade was that it could have represented a full reversal had it continued.  IMHO, a safer entry would have been to wait until the close of the NEXT 1H candle which turned out to be an inverted hammer which strongly signaled shortside exhaustion and the move upwards.  Glad he made the 40 pips though, that's what counts!

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Indeed. At the end of the day, all of our discussions are just a way to sharpen our trading skills hopefully. It's what ends up in the pip "account" that really counts, and henrycarol deposited 40 pips, so good for him.

My main point was that in this case, on the GBP/USD trade for example, the 12 EMA had crossed the 24 EMA, which would be a signal to close a Long trade per the Cornflower method rather than open one. In addition, all of the EMA's were heading in the wrong direction for a Long signal, and had been for almost 24 hours.

In regard to being "hard pressed" to find a Cornflower signal without some reversal of the 12/24 EMA's, take a look at the GBP/USD uptrend from 6/27 to about 7/3. There are numerous opportunities to enter Long without any reversals on the 60 MIN chart.

I usually don't comment on other's trades, because I've made more than my share of boneheaded trades.  It takes courage to post trades on FF, because it inevitably invites criticism, so I applaud all who do so. My only point was that it didn't seem to conform to the Cornflower System on any time frame, and I was curious if I had totally missed something.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
You are correct here.  My mistake...I thought you were commenting on his previous G/J trade where the EMA's had NOT crossed over, but were only in a pullback position when he took the entry.  I see now after looking at your quote it was the G/U trade.

Maybe "hard pressed" isn't the most appropriate term.  However, without doing a backtest or count, I think more often than not, the 8, 12, and sometimes the 24 EMA's will dip or slightly reverse with price action.

After checking the correct trade in question, I agree.    And you're not alone in the bonehead trade boat either!

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Agreed! I think we're essentially saying the same thing . . . the EMA's will often flatten or dip as price pulls back, which is what leads to a Cornflower trade signal.

BTW, I'm suffering absolute "arrow envy" as I look at your charts.  Very nice.

This thread is attracting some great contributors, and I appreciate that Felicia's system has remained consistent from the first post on.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
What I like about this system is that we are all puritans, not wanting to change a system that clearly works with it's simplicity and near naked charts.

A question

Do any of you use limit orders set on MA levels to catch entries when looking at multiple currency pairs?

I did so this morning with g/u, 6b and e/u with the orders placed to sell on a 12ema touch. So far going good with each trade +10 or so.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
You should close these trades immediately while you have profit. We should not be trading USD in the hours before NFP! Also, we have GBP news in less than 30 minutes. You must pay attention to the news calendar.

As for limit orders, yes, I have done this, and it's perfectly valid. The angle of the EMAs should determine whether your entry order is placed at the 12 or 24 EMA. The steeper the angle, the shallower the pullback.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
CAD employment in 3 hours. Stay out of CAD. I am not trading at all right now.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Hey there Kev-K ... re paper-trading cornflower.

I have written a program which facilitates paper-trading a currency pair using historical M5 data exported from metatrader. You can pack 1 months trading into 2 evenings. Although I use mt4 data, the paper-trading charts use amibroker... pm me if you would like a copy! I have learned a lot from this thread so I am sharing some tools with you guys here.

Cheers

rjb

--- 帖子 #600 ---
This sounds like a very nice backtesting tool. However, I don't think it can replace paper trading, which allows you to get a feel for what it would be like to trade a system in real time.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I started off this week with a big thud. I placed Long trades on EUR/CHF, USD/JPY & EUR/JPY during the Monday Asian session, and all 3 trades were losers.  That's the first time that's happened to me on the Cornflower System, so it may have been faulty trade analysis or simply the end of the trend that was in place.

On a brighter note, I placed a NZD/JPY trade during yesterday's Asian session that returned some pips, so upward and onward.

On a way brighter note, I've been Short GBP/JPY since 7/6 at 247.97, so up over 200 pips on my real-money account as this is written.  This was not based on a Cornflower trade, but could have been this morning on a 30 MIN "Initial Entry" trade setup.

Here's the NZD/JPY trade chart:

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Here's the GBP/JPY trade that was possible this morning per the 30 MIN "Initial Entry" rules.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I'm suprised there werent hardly any posts after the NY session on a day like yesterday. Either people were too sad to post after getting their pockets emptied or haven't stopped danicng around after having their pockets filled.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Hi, as far as I can see, there is a clear signal to go long in EURUSD. But, there is the yesterday's peak in Euro vs. USD. What you experienced traders do in such a case?

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Has anyone got a handle on what SL to use for smaller moves.  I am trading on the one hour charts and do well when I can watch the chart movement.  I take between 10 an 20 pips per trade.  I stop my trades out manually.  Someone was using TP 20, SL 10 is this good to use??

Anyone have a suggestion for these smaller moves SL settings??

FYI: I think it has been fairly well established that in letting your profit run the SL of 50 works.

generalz

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Thanks all the posters, this has been the great thread.

This had changed the concept of looking towards the MAs.

people are always talking of ma crossovers . This thread shows how to look at the price action in real . and how MAs are acting as support/resistance.

I am very new to forex.

Hope you seniors will advice what direction can be taken in a situation expressed  by the attached chart.

Thanks a lot to lever to contribute such a great set upl

--- 帖子 #607 ---
this is cable chart for the same time.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
I don't know much yet but in this case I would take no position. Look at message #362 by lever70. But I can be wrong.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Correct. That's a no trade.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
anybody have an indicator that can alert when moving averages are touched? i am looking for one that can allow input for 3-5 avgs and the type of avg calc.

thx.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
It shouldn't be a big deal to write one. At least for me as a coder. And Im 90% sure there already is such an indicator. If not, tell me and I could try to fix some time to write one for you.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
That would be great for me with 18 forex charts and futures up, I sometimes miss some great entries.

Perhaps an indicator that has a choice of which MA touch to alert?

I could then go and look at the chart and decide if it's worth it to enter. Such an alert can't be too hard to do although I'm not a real programmer (just a little basic C)

A couple bad days here on cornflower for me but more than made up for by the great days. Rock On Cornflower!

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Do you know a place explaining how to write the indicator codes?

Thnx!

--- 帖子 #614 ---
It has already been done - look back in this thread, the indicator is called Cornflower EA.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Oh Yes. Silly me. I guess the name of it confused me. If it's an indicator not an EA as such it should work. I generally distrust EAs so I ignored it.

Page 37 if anyone else is looking.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
thx. here is one that i have but it does not offer the full functionality that i am looking for. it only lets you choose 1 period for an EMA.

I would like 3-5, and to be able to choose the type (ema, sma, wma, etc...)

also- Since a pullback after a long run could take several hours or more, a beep control to be triggered within X amount of pips from the MA would be helpful. that way you could be pre-alerted to a potential touch of the MA.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
TH fx_ninja

--- 帖子 #618 ---
I clicked on the link cornflowerEA.mq4, but it will not open. I need to know the program to open it. Can someone help me out? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Sorry for my question (am still a newbie): after I've download the signal in my platform, how do  use it? The instruction doesn't appear in my EA but I have the coded signal in my MetaEditor.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Just click on insert in your platform, then indicator, then custom--find cornflowerEA and click on that

babypip

ps the cornflowerEa should be left in the expert folder and  opened with navigator-it will alert you to an ema touch

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Since its an ea, you need to place it in your "experts" folder. It won't work if you place it in the "indicators" folder. Simply do it from my computer, go to your C drive and find your trading platform in the program files folder. Hope that helps. By the way, you can select a few options and if you know a bit about the hard code, you can customize it a bit. It's very useful, although i don't use it.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Hello to all. Attached is a MT4 custom indicator file. Very basic functionality is implemented in this version. I named it the MA Proximity Sensor (MAP Sensor). It's a simple indicator that will alert you by playing the sound alert2.wav once the price reaches (or the price change occures) in definable distance from a moving average. The period and type of the MA can also be set. Price used for the MA computing is always the CLOSE price.

In this first version of MAP Sensor the alert is played even if the price breaks through the MA. So it will keep beeping while the price jumps around the MA +/- the pips distance.

If anybody needs more than one MA to be monitored by the MAP Sensor, simply drag more of it on the chart and configure each.

Usage:

1) copy indicator files into MetaTrader_folder\experts\indicators and start Meta Trader

2) open a chart of your choice

3) in the Navigator window find Custom indicators and scroll down to MA_ProximitySensor and drag it on the chart

4) click the Input tab. The variables meaning is:

exMaPeriod - the length of the MA period
exMaType  - a textual (string) variable, which can be one of these: ema, sma, smma, lwma lower-case. In a case of any other string the fallback MA type is ema
exMaVisible - whether to draw (true) the MA or not (false)
alertPipsDistance - the distance in which the sensor starts beeping

Any ideas are appreciated. I'll be unreachable from tomorrow till the end of July.

May the PIP be with you

ptaczek

--- 帖子 #623 ---
My first trade as per the cornflower set up is here.

See attached chart . Pl give your feed back if i took the entry correctly.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Hello Guys,

Is it a good entry(short)?

I'm a bit confused about that

1. Pullback

Or

2. 8, 12, and 24 EMAs are crossed the 72 EMA.

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
what is your time frame???

what is your pair???

--- 帖子 #626 ---
4hr TF

USD/JPY

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
You answered H4; however, the time frame you showed for USD/JPY is H1, which is the correct time frame from which to trade.

The trend appears to have reversed DOWN. Now, you need to wait for a pullback up to the 8EMA (if price is moving fast), or the 12-24EMA, which has not happened yet. When it does, you can SELL.

The same applies to you, Onlooker. I'm basing both replies on the current charts. USD/CHF had a possible SELL setup yesterday between 6-7pm (New York time). The trend was DOWN and the price reversed up and hit the intersection of the 8, 12, and 24EMAs. It's not a trade I would have taken even though it worked out. Why? Because the EMAs had not yet lined up correctly. They had all intersected and it wasn't until the following hour that they did line up correctly.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
thx. u r the man!

--- 帖子 #629 ---
I have been following this thread very closely and would like to say how enjoyable it is to see support coming from so many traders for each other's benefit. I am familiar with the use of multiple time frames to take the Cf trades that occur during trending markets but in spite of looking at multiple time frames, I've always felt like these entries still carry more risk than I'd like. I have also studied Jacko's thread extensively and very much agree with all of his points, as well as many of Trader888's points. The one minor contradiction I see with the objectives of those 2 trader's approaches and the Cf system is simply the profit objective. Keeping that in mind but employing the most significant guide of the long term trend as the major filter, I have been using fractals (also known as swing points or TD points).

Before anyone goes crazy thinking this is another indicator... it's not. All it does is identify key market events - when a higher high and higher close is followed by a lower high and lower close or vice versa - These prices, while seemingly obvious, are not so easy to notice at a glance. This indicator will alert a trader to these key prices. On the chart I have attached, I show a classic (or so I believe) Cf trade that I took this morning. It shows the swing point and the entry point.

I welcome your feedback. I'm only offering this because I think it supports this system in a very unintrusive way and suggests better places to be entering the moves. I employ other criteria for the actual trade but I believe that this can be very helpful. In addition, if you set the indicator for the time frame (1h) you can switch it to a shorter time frame and it will give the swing point for the given time frame.

You will also notice that I have employed the fine template made by Pipskateer. Thank you sir for that!

Sorry if the image isn't clear. I had a problem with getting good resolution...

Joe

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Yes, H1. Sorry for the typo

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Thank you jsmanuse. Looks promising.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Just wanted to say that this is a great system, make use of it people

Thank you lever70

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Joe, I wonder if we can get the Fractal with sound?

Also I wonder if there is one for higher TF ? 1h or even 4 h?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
hb,

I copied this from "Taters" in another thread (the guy who posted the Fractal mq4)

//---- input parameters

/************************************************** ***********************

For current timeframe set to zero.Otherwise set the "Timeframe" value to the number of minutes contained in the TF you wish to see.

PERIOD_M1 1

PERIOD_M5 5

PERIOD_M15 15

PERIOD_M30 30

PERIOD_H1 60

PERIOD_H4 240

PERIOD_D1 1440

PERIOD_W1 10080

PERIOD_MN1 43200

/************************************************** ***********************

As far as sound is concerned, I'm using a 1h time frame so a setup is quite apparent - especially when there is a decent swing point setup coming. Since swings are not confirmed until a close, there's no rush to enter a trade based on how I'm trading. I tried using the cornflower ea that is available on this thread and couldn't really make effective use of it - there are sounds available there when price reaches the selected ma's. My suggestion is to observe the validity (or lack thereof) of these points in the current Cf setup and see if they enhance your selection of trades, before adding bells and whistles... but that's just my humble opinion. Best -Joe

--- 帖子 #635 ---
I did figure out how can I change the "indicator" to a higher TF.  I still wonder if I can get a sound attached to it?

I like to try to use it with the CF...looks promising but I think it " repaints" or something ? ...did you notice that after appears then dissapears? I'm preety sure I had a fractal when I entered here ( see the chart )but now is not there anymore...looks that it turned out good anyway...but I wonder what is your experience with the fractal...

Thank you

--- 帖子 #636 ---
maybe we should test it on lower timeframe like m1 and m5

--- 帖子 #637 ---
I haven't seen that. The points don't change... so I have no idea why they'd disappear. Also, I think I'm a bit of a techtard... how do you guys get your charts to display with a good resolution when you post?

--- 帖子 #638 ---
hehey, in metatrader, just click 'File' tab and select 'Save As Picture' from the dropdown menu. then select 'Active chart (as is)' or 'Active chart'.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Correct me if I'm wrong, but you couldn't possibly have had a fractal where you said because the next candle did not yet close. If that next candle were to drop below the previous candle, the previous candle would not show a fractal.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Just my opinion, but much earlier in the thread, Felicia showed a very effective way to use the multiple time frames. Keeping in mind that closes (and thus swing points) on a larger time frame tend to carry more weight I'm not inclined to agree with getting too nit picky about using this tool in short time frames. After all, the 1h should confirm your observations in a shorter time frame. My inclination is to always be trading in the direction of the long term trend so I'd avoid looking too much at anything below the 1h swing points- however the 1h swing points ARE visible on the shorter time frames.

-Joe

--- 帖子 #641 ---
hehe.. actually, i dont mean that we shld trade CF with fractals on lower timeframe. it's just my response to the one who said that this fractals indicator appears and then just gone. to look at higher timeframe may take a little while to wait for it to appear. so im suggesting to test it on lower timeframe.

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Also you can download for free "Screen Hunter" . Here is one place where you can download it http://www.download.com/3000-2192-10063246.html

After you download it, open it

make the selections as you wish

select the folder to where you want the pictures to be stored ( mine is right there on desktop called...sceen capture ...)

select "stand by" ( it will stay by till you close the computer)

then anytime you want to capture something from any software or internet etc, you just click F8 and the pic gets saved instantly. Very easy

--- 帖子 #643 ---
A google search reveals that this system has spread across different forex forums in many different languages.    Amazingly, most of the discussions are faithful to the original system.  I have discovered that one such forum has started a free chatroom where people are trading cornflower live:

http://www.rebatefx.com/chat/flashchat.php

It seems like a good place.  Check it out and meet one another in real time.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hi Lever70,

As an experienced trader, I can say that Cornflower is by far the best system I've ever come across for the average trader.  In fact, it's too good to be spread in bits and pieces over many posts in a forum.

I can see than many traders still don't fully comprehend the system.  Have you considered creating a PDF with the entire system condensed into one place?

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Thank you for the compliment, RJF. Yes, I've been meaning to do this for quite some time, but just have not found the time yet. It's going to happen, though.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
hi lever, i'm so disappointed that this system was late me to know.. i use cornflower few days ago and it gave me a positive outcome in my first trial on his system

enter at euro/jpy buy @ 167.95 ( 5 lots- mini )

exit at 168.50

i enter during the 8ema approached 12 emas pointing each other toward to 72 emas...

thanks lever.. now i'm gonna stick on this post and give some contribution on my future trading results...( sorry for my bad english, i came from the native land of philippines.. leader of the 12 tribes

--- 帖子 #647 ---
That would be appreciated, of course whenever you find the time

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Here's what I recommend for every Cornflower trader, especially novices:Go back and read every one of lever70s posts. Never even look for a trade before a major news release or speaker, or on Fridays after 11am (NY Eastern time). When you find a suitable trade on the H1 chart:Initiate your trade when the price retraces to the 8EMA (if the price is moving up/down quickly) or between the 12-24EMA (which covers most cases). Set your Stop Loss at exactly 10 pips. Set your profit Limit at 20 pips (10-15 pips if the pair historically does not move very far).  Walk away from your computer and let Cornflower do the rest. Exception: If proper money management enables you to trade more than one lot, take your profit on half of your lots, move your Stop Loss to break-even on the other half. Then go for the ride, trailing your Stop(s) as you go.

The benefits of sticking to this practice religiously:You'll become one of the most disciplined traders in the industry. You'll eliminate all of the emotions that cause most traders to lose money. You don't have to worry if your stop loss gets hit and then the price moves again in your favor for what might have been a profitable trade. Cornflower will give you many more profitable trades than losses. By setting a 10-pip Stop Loss, you will eliminate the possibility of watching the price go against you and holding on hoping for it to reverse in your favor. This is probably the major cause of major losses in trading. By setting a 10-pip Stop Loss, you'll never have to worry about spikes. You don't have to worry that you 'only' gained 10-20 pips whereas the price eventually moved up/down for a 100 pip gain. Remember the story of the Turtle and the Hare - the Turtle wins the race - not the rabbit. You will avoid the temptation of trying to make as much money or as many pips as you can. The idea is to gradually increase your account balance like the pros do. Not adhering to #4 and #6 will eventually cost you dearly due to fear and greed. You'll discover that trading can be a relaxing, enjoyable and rewarding experience without taking too much time away from your other important activities (like family).  PS. You can quote me in your upcoming book, lever70.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
If you use this system properly and be patient, you can make a lot of green pips, I use the H1, H4, and Daily charts

here's a screenshot of my latest trades using cornflower + jacko

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Wow , Nice pips there Karmostaji

Love to see u'r journal , i have some experiment too in this Cornflower Method , So far so good

Keep Up a Good Work & have a nice day

--- 帖子 #651 ---
RJF,

In your trading plan of the Cornflower system you say to, "Set your Stop Loss at  exactly 10 pips." Does that include the spread? Or is it 10 pips + spread?

--- 帖子 #652 ---
The 10-pip Stop Loss includes the spread. The idea is that you will never lose more than 10 pips on any trade. Common sense dictates that, with this approach, you should only trade currency pairs with a maximum 5-pip spread. Following the Cornflower rules, a good trade will rarely move against you more than two or three pips.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Thnx babypip & jsmanuse! Sorry to reply so late (due to computer problem). Your advises are very useful but I can't retrieve the EA anyway due to problem of scripts.

I think the best way, at the moment, is to trade this system LIVE (depending on my time of course)!

--- 帖子 #654 ---
When he is in front of his chart, he can also press Alt+Print buttons (at the same time) front his keyboard, go to Start --> All Programs --> Accessories à and chose the program: MS Paint. Paste the copy of the screenshot there and your screenshot will appear. He can also select one part of his screenshot by using a symbol on the left side (the square dot symbol). Then click on File--> New, a window will appear and answer --> No. Then paste the file in the next blank page and save the file in a folder (ie: image folder).

He should also host his image in a site specified for this, like Photobucket (http://photobucket.com/) and then copy and paste his url link starting by IMG from this site into this forum.

That’s it!... Easy isn't it?

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Thanks for the promo lever70

Everybody is welcome in the chatroom. The more the merrier and we can all benefit from realtime cornflower analysis, bouncing our trading ideas off each other.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Hi Jarfar00

How do I access the chatroom. When I click the link it just asks for you to log in. There is no where to register.

Thanks,

Chris

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Go to http://www.rebatefx.com/chat

Click on 'register' (to the right of 'Username')

--- 帖子 #658 ---
I always consider support and resistance. If I feel that a potential long (or short) Cornflower trade is headed too close to resistance (or support), I will either pass on the trade or set my limit for a smaller number of pips.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Hi Felicia,

I've been hovering in the sidelines for a while now as for some reason I have until just now been unable to post.  Want to thank you for this great system...have been following it faithfully since I forst spotted it a couple of months ago.  My charts have been cleared of all indicators and I now no longer go blank when I sit down to watch the market.  I have enjoyed many, many successful trades and only the occasional loss of the suggested 10 pips.

Thanks too to all members who have shared their thoughts, charts and help.

Best wishes and happy pipping to all

Happy, very happy

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Hi everyone,

There was a great trade at 7pm US time for 60 pips.  I follow felicia's system faithfully and have learned the hard way never to try and predict what the market is or isn't going to do.  At 7pm the trend was angled perfectly, between 30 and 60 degrees, and the market pulled back to between the 12 and the 24 Ema's.  Have also found that there is almost always a good trade at some point during the Asian market especially Monday trading.

I place a breakeven at 15 pips, take 80% off the table when I reach 20 pips and then let the 20% run on until the cross over of the 8 and the 12 Ema's in the opposite direction.  This info was shared by a good member almost at the beginning of this thread.

If another trade appears I trade again with the same system even though I may still have a trade of 20% in the system.  Should mention that I almost always wait for the market to reach the 24 Ema unless the angle of the trend is steep.  This was another little gem that was shared earlier by a generous member.  I also never risk more than 2% of my capital.  It's a very relaxing sytem.  Thanks again Felicia, it's an amazing little/big pip winner.

I'm all finished for the day.  Time for family.

Happy pipping to all,

Happy

--- 帖子 #661 ---
[quote=Happy;1504087]Hi everyone,

There was a great trade at 7pm US time for 60 pips.

What pair(s) are you trading...?

Thanks,

Joe

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Felicia,

your sistem is beautifull, thank you for sharing it here

I create an indicator just for showing the ema's position on TF 5, 15, 30 minute and 1 hour

I don't know if it good, but it helped me when I had 10 pair two watch

here it is:

gray line = price close

Yellow line = ema 8

MediumOrchid line = ema 12

SlateBlue line = ema 24

Khaki line = ema 72

http://img54.imageshack.us/img54/985...nflowerdr1.gif

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Metto,the indicator will split to 4 (TF M5, TF M15, TF M30, TF H1)?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
yes it does

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Hi jsmanuse,

Sorry took so long to get back to you.  I traded the GBP/USD at 7pm UST.  There was also another good one at 6am US time.  Taking 20 pips is a good number and once the order is placed and stop loss and profit is in place then it's good to walk away and enjoy a cuppa, less stressful.  Take a look at the AUD/USD also a very good currency to trade.

Good luck

Happy

--- 帖子 #666 ---
http://www.rebatefx.com/chat.php is the proper URL. Then click "register here" at the top of the chat window. World clocks are on top and FF news window under the chat. Use that URL if you think the extra tools are useful.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
sorted, thanks very much

chris

--- 帖子 #668 ---
metto,

what are the lines between your ma's on the chart?

chris

--- 帖子 #669 ---
an ema too, example:ema 28,32,...,68, interval 4,

it's just an accessories (it's make my chart more delicious )

you really don't need that

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Great indicator metto, How can I make it display one time frame per window (Im not great with code) I just want to stack 2 windows one with the 1 hour and the other @15 mins.

Thanks

Mart

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Thanks Happy,

Normally I don't take trades on Sunday at market open... I've been faked out almost every time. However, that was before I started using the Cornflower... I'll take a trade on any pair, but what I like to see is a lot of green if they're bullish (so I don't see red ;( and red if they're bearish so I can see green! I really liked RJF's post about setting a limit order, stoploss and profit target of 20 pips. The only thing I'm still mulling over is the advisability of trading pairs that have larger spreads. Obviously, it won't pay to put a 10 pip stop on GBPJPY.. with a 9 pip spread. Anyway, best of luck to you and your continued success.

Joe

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Hello,

It has been a while since I posted here but continue to be a student of CF method. Thank you Felicia and the rest of the contributors.  I registered today and would like to find out when is the best time to log in and chat with some of you?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Hi Joe,

I agree about some of the spreads.  My spread is only 1 pip for all the major currencies and I only trade when they return to the 24 Ema.  I have found that there are plenty of trades between the AUD/USD and the GBP/USD to keep me busy.  I too place a 10-20 pip loss, mostly 10 pips and take a 20 pip profit unless it's a new trend, then I remain for the ride arter taking 80% off the table at 20 pips.

Good luck

Happy

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Hi Moneda,

It seems to me that the activity begins here around 6am gmt.  There is also a live chat-live trade forum around the same time for Cornflower traders.  If you check back a few posts you'll see all the info to take you there.

Good luck

Happy.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Great post here.  Everyone, read this.  I think Happy's method can be duplicated with great success.  Good work!

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Great work. This can be a very useful tool for those of us trading MTF Cornflower.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Thanks Felicia.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Sorry for newbie Q but....

Can anybody tell did the rules were changed for this strategy? Or in the first post is the correct rules?

thanks

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Just for information.............I wouldn't even consider trying to trade, whatever the system I was using, unless I had the full complement of Pivot Points on the chart.   They've proved time and again how useful they are for providing Resistance lines, Support lines, trade entry signals and trade exit signals.

For what it's worth...........

Cheers

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Sorry for newbie Q but....

Can anybody tell did the rules were changed for this strategy? Or in the first post is the correct rules?

thanks

hello,you will do well to read the rules on the first page first,then click on lever to view all his posts in this thread and read those too.The rules have not changed much but there are things you can learn if you do as stated above.If you please you could then read the entire thread,its worth it.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Hi Happy,

I forgot to ask if you are using limit or market orders. If you are entering at market, do you watch the entire asian or london sessions etc.?

Curious,

Joe

--- 帖子 #682 ---
jasmunse,

In post 322,you talked about producing an EA that could trade cornflower.You agreed with lever to start a thread on it.I have seen no such thread since.I have  been waiting for you to post the EA.Whats happening man?

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Don't you think it would be better if the 1st page is updated regularly (like they do in other threads) cause it's time consuming to read the 40 pages here (mainly when you have another job).

--- 帖子 #684 ---
its better to enter on usd/jpy?..or i'm late to take that?.. all ema's on the down trend..again thanks lever for this system... more power to you!!!

--- 帖子 #685 ---
There has been slow progress. The person I am working with has had a lot of connectivity problems and so is unable to test results. Other than that, there is nothing to report. Sorry you've had to wait so long... do you have any experience with programming EA's? Perhaps you'll give it a go while you're waiting. Thanks for asking.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
I wish,but i am not good with them.perhaps someone else here does.I remember tradegiel somewhere around the beginning of this thread said something leaving him a message if you want an EA written.Maybe he could help.

--- 帖子 #687 ---
I have attached a jpg of my oanda demo.

Using the Cornflower 1hour method and dialed down to the 15min GMMA for entry, using and initial stops at 30 and then eased back to 50 pips and only moved them once new S&R was made.

I am actually trading this same set up live but didn't enter as early as my demo.

Edit: I am using a 1:1 pip value or 10k lot size in demo, but I think the account info shows that already.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Alright,hopefully lever will post a PDF summary soon.He promised that

--- 帖子 #689 ---
She

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Piphunter,

Do you use Pivots for S/R levels, or do you have other levels that you use for S/R? Also, as a newbie, would you mind explaining just a little how to use the S/R for entering?

Thanks so much,

Jennifer

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Jennifer,

No pivots -

I draw my lines from where price Previously stalled and retreated or advanced. Today's gbp.usd 2.0640ish area for example. Just do search here on the forum or search Yahoo for examplese.

I use Monthly, daily and 4hr lines and also the EMA's you see on the chart.

Jacko's thread is excellent to read as well.

After reading his post is when I started to compound my entries. Also picked up the book he suggested "How legendary Traders Made Millions" Good read and half way through.

I use (S&R) rarely for entering but will do it if it looks good.

In my previous post I stated I use the Cflower(1hr) method GMMA(15min) to buy/sell. That combo is for the majors only.

For other currency I just use CFlower and NO GMMA.

Hope that helps.

PH

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Thanks much for your help, Piphunter. That clears it up quite a bit. I'll also check into Jacko's thread, and do some more research on S/R.

Jennifer

--- 帖子 #693 ---
That is really all you need to collect a lot of pips.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Hi Joe,

Again sorry for the delay.  I live on the other side of the world and only watch the UK and Asian markets.  Mostly I set the alarms and enter using a market order because I can then decide exactly where I want to enter and make any necessary stop loss/breakeven/profit adjustments.  I always place a 10 pip stop plus spread from the 24 Ema.  My spread is only 1 pip for all major currencies.  If I get stopped out then I have only lost 10 + spread pips and can then decide if I should re-enter where I was stopped out if the market is still looking good. If the market moves too fast and I miss the entry point by a pip or two then I still enter because I then place a breakeven at 15 pips profit from where I should have entered - at the 24 Ema. Almost always the 20+ pip profit is reached and if not then I have lost nothing or only 11 pips max.  I still take 80% off the table at 20 pips and let the remaining 20% run on especially if it's a new trend.  My computer is on all the time with alarms set for where I expect the market to return to for a good entry.  I don't watch it all the time only when the bells ring.  A quick check of the charts will tell me if I have a few spare hours to wander away for a while.  Hope that helps.

Good luck trading today.

Happy.

Hi Happy,

I forgot to ask if you are using limit or market orders. If you are entering at market, do you watch the entire asian or london sessions etc.?

Curious,

Joe

--- 帖子 #695 ---
where are u trading w/ 1 pip spreads?

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Hi All,

There were 2 great trades with the USD/JPN last evening/morning (24th July) at 10-12:00 gmt -1 hr for 44 pips and again at 16:00 hrs gmt -1 hr for 100 pips...still going but not for much longer I think.  Just sharing.

Happy pip hunting.

Happy.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Thnx maymurph! Hope lever will keep his words.

P.S: Abt lever70, the number 70, does it mean he's 70 y.o.? or is it born in 1970? or none of these possibilities... but not important, just curious!

--- 帖子 #698 ---
The meaning of the number 70 is open to discussion.  However, I do think it's about time that folks out there realized that lever70 is, in actual fact, a LADY!!

Get it?  Got it?  Good.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
this system make me a big pips especially if 8,12,24 ema's below/over 72 ema's... good job to the creator of this system

--- 帖子 #700 ---
hey guys,

I have sent a Pm to tradiegel about an EA that can implement this method but he has not responded yet.

However i ll like advice on EAs.I m looking for a good one to try and trade on my demo and perhaps later try it live.Do you know of a good one in this forum or elsewhere.I think there will be a good one around.

thanks

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Thanks to everyone who has joined in the chat room. Your input is making all of our Cornflower trading a more interactive, and profitable experience.

Due to the popularity of the chatroom, my server has been unstable so I've been forced to do a planned upgrade of the chat software sooner rather than later. It should be back up no later than 6PM EST (just over an hour from this post)

Because this is a major software upgrade I can't guarantee the user database will survive it so you might need to re-register for the chat again. Thanks for your understanding while I make the room a better place to chat "Cornflowerness" with each other.

http://www.rebatefx.com/chat.php

Update: At 5:30 EST the upgrade is done. You are welcome to come back and share Cornflower trades.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Ooh!!!.. sorry, I didn't know that!.. still new here!

--- 帖子 #703 ---
About my handle: "lever" is short for leverage, and "70" does in fact denote the year of my birth: 1970. All mysteries revealed.

Well, most.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
And an excellent year to be born in too!!

G-Man

--- 帖子 #705 ---
I know that many of you would like me to produce a PDF detailing the system. I hope to produce such a document by this time next week. Due to time constraints, it will not be as detailed as I would like. But it will have the rules, some pictures, and remarks on the nuances of trading Cornflower. As others have remarked, there is no substitute for reading this thread. The collaborative effort of many posters has even helped me in the trading of my own system.

Cornflower has not really changed all that much in three months. Post #1 is still valid. There are my posts about how to use the 5/10 impulse entry, and also the 1-minute Guppy Multiple Moving Average. These could both stand alone apart from Cornflower as feasible entry systems; I simply don't take trades counter to what the H1 or 30M CF charts tell me. There is also the multi-timeframe 60/30/15/5 setup, which gives you the luxury of waiting for the most high-probability opportunity. Some go even further and do not take trades that are counter to the prevailing daily trend. But everything follows from that first post. I have always tried to discourage posters from using any indicators other than the EMAs, sometimes rather sternly. Indicators look good on paper, but lag the market and they will cause you to lose money or miss profitable opportunities. The EMAs are closely correlated to the actual price action.

Money management is important. If you are going for larger pip gains that correspond to the profit bands and/or support and resistance levels, you should not leverage yourself more than 10:1. It's also perfectly valid to use CF for short-term pip bagging. If you are going for 20 pip gains, 50:1 with a 10 pip stop is the most you can risk. But you can't walk away from the screen. You must must be vigilant about taking small losses when the trade does not work out. Once you are up 10 pips, make sure you exit that trade with at least 2 pips of profit. By contrast, when going for larger gains you have to be prepared to let the trade go against you before it goes your way. GBPJPY, for example, can easily go against you 50 pips before you see 150 pips of profit. On the whole, do not over-leverage yourself, wait for the right opportunity, and make some pips.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Hmmm... that's the same year my wife was born, and she does exercise leverage over me.

hehe, sorry is that off topic? Joe

OOOOPS I was wrrrrroooooong! Its '75, so now there will be some heavy levarage... yikes! Guess she'll have to be lever75

--- 帖子 #707 ---
lever,could you post the exit rules for the guppy method.You did not include that in the previous posts.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Hi all,

2 good trades already today.....23:00 + 1 for gmt and another still happening..started at 3:00 + 1 gmt.  Both hit the 24 Ema and the settled down to the real business of making money.  The first one made 23 pips and the 2nd one at last look was 32 pips ahead.

All done for the day though I'm sure there will be more setting up soon.  Just sharing.

Happy.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
It was stated early in the thread that she would not mix the 2 threads.
You can find them by clicking here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...highlight=GMMA

That should take care of all your questions.

Thanks,
PH

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Can anyone tell me where to find the post that felicia mentions on the impulse info for the 5 and 10 min charts....can't seem to spot it.

Thanks

Happy

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Oooh!!!... it's my fault, now the mystery about your age is disclosed!

... lol!

Surprising to learn there are not a lot of changes from the first pages after so many posts (with ppl constantly looking to improve the system) and also nice to know you'll be producing a PDF detailing the system.

Thnx and keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #712 ---
happy,

start with post 89 at http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...8&postcount=89 and go on.

there is a first mentioning of it i think also in the post 71 at http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...9&postcount=71

--- 帖子 #713 ---
What a great week for cornflower trading! A bit of a carry unwind there. Thanks to Cornflower I and the others trading in the chat room were able to catch it as it happened.

It all started when aud/usd took out our stops and left us with heads scratching. In a way, the aud/usd move was a warning. Within a couple of hours a definite trend had developed on most pairs and we spent the rest of the week enjoying beautiful, multiple entries, mostly from 12 and 24 ema pullbacks.

Good on ya Lever70

--- 帖子 #714 ---
I agree fully with jafar.

I have been trading cornflower all week (in demo) in the chatroom with the others. The results of this excellent method speak for themselves.

Thanks Lever70

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Hallo All,

This is the updated version of MTF Cornflower Viewer Indicator.

I add the ability to :

- choose TF from M5 to D1

- set how many bar to display for each TF

- choose ma period, ma type and ma price

and i change the price close line to candle.

if you don't want to display the M5 section, just set the M5.HowManyBars to 0 on Input Variable

this updated version has not been tested alive.

please pm me if there is a bug

http://img53.imageshack.us/img53/987...aviewerft1.png

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Thanks eula44....just what I needed.

Happy.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Metto,

That is one of the best indicators I've seen yet!  Thank you so much for making those changes!!  I have only placed it on my charts during the weekend without a live price feed, but no bugs in just setting it up.  WoW!  Adding the candles was VERY nice!!

The only thing I can think of that might make it even more useful would be to have the option of displaying the two other upper time frames, W1 and MN.  That would pretty much make it 100% versatile for all trading styles which include watching MA's.  It looks like the max number of TF's you should probably display is about 4 or 5, depending on the number of bars you want to see.  So, if you want to display the W1 and MN, you should probably disable any two of the others by putting "0" for the "HowManyBars" input.

One observation/questions about the view...  Is there any way to make the view box width static so that when you change the zoom in/zoom out on your main chart the width of the MA view boxes in the indicator window below remains constant?   If not, no biggie, the indy is GREAT!!!!   Just my suggestions to enhance and improve.  Again, THANK YOU!!

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Great indicator thanks

the label on the 4hr tf is not showing

Felicia, would the inputs remain the same on the higher TFs?

-----------------------------------

babypips

--- 帖子 #719 ---
sorry. i dont see where to sign up for the room.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
it is supposed to load a java chat module if your computer is installed with java runtime environment. no need to sign up. just fill in your name and click 'Connect' button when it is loaded.

u can also connect to the chatroom using any irc client.

this is what jafar told me yesterday

Server: irc.everywherechat.com port 7000
Room: Forex_Chat

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Sorry about that

I did do an emergency chat upgrade earlier in the week and it only made the previous troubles worse, so I did another emergency upgrade and moved it offsite completely and changed to what I think everyone will agree is a better solution with no lag which is important when we are calling out our cornflower entries.

Hope to see you all there for the fun next week. And remember not to get tempted to enter any new trades on Sunday night open unless you are feeling reckless and use small volume.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
hehe.. im very sure it was a right decision to use irc. a lot better  it is much easier to access as well. good job jafar!

--- 帖子 #723 ---
I am new to Cornflower and very excited about learning it.   It is the first time

since I started more than 6 months ago that something looks clear to me!!

Thanks Felicia for this system.   I do have a question.....I don't understand how to join the chat room.   What url do I use?   and how do I find the name of the chat room?   I've just tried it but dont get very far.   Please help.

Thanks a million (pips that is)

trademeister

--- 帖子 #724 ---
http://www.rebatefx.com/chat.php

--- 帖子 #725 ---
hello!

can anybody please help me!

how to i set up the different timeframes in metatrade ( 5 minutes, 15 minutes,  30 minutes und 1 hourly ) for one curreny so that i can only see these four windows on my pc?

can i also save this and make this for more curreny?

i have tried it but it doesn´t really work

please look at the screenshot - for any advice i would be very happy - thanks

sweety 78901

p.s. sorry for my english

--- 帖子 #726 ---
If you want to set up multiple chart timeframes like that, you need to save each currency as a separate "profile". Then switch profiles when you want to see another chart. It's time consuming but it can be done.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
sweety 78901,

1. go to menu [on the top of your screen], click "window", then click "tile horizontally" or " tile vertically" from the drop-down sub-menu; all different time frame windows which are currently open for this currency pair, will appear in smaller size tiled next to each other in the main window.

2. minimize the small time frame windows, which you don't need to be tiled up [by clicking on the leftmost square in the top right of the small window; it has an underscore "_" displayed on it]; now you should have only m5, m15, m30 and h1 left open.

3. repeat the step 1 and you will have only these four time frames tiled in the main window the way you wanted it.

4. if you want to shift these 4 small windows around to change the order of their appearance in the main window, you need to drag their corresponding tabs [located at the bottom of the main screen] to position tabs from left to right, which will yield the counterclock-wise position of the small windows starting from the left top corner of the main window; then repeat step 1 to achieve desired positioning of the small windows.

5. go to menu [on the top of your screen], click "file", then click "profiles" from the drop-down sub-menu, then choose "save as"; in the pop-up dialog box type the name for this currency profile [for example, eur usd] and click ok. you should have this name appear at the bottom center of the main window.

6. repreat steps 1 through 5 for all currency pairs which you trade, and you will be able to flip through them by  clicking  f5 button on your keyboard to go to the next, and shft+f5 to go to the previous profile; you can also click on the profile name in the center bottom of the main window, and click on the profile names directly from the drop-up window which will appear; you will also be able to rename, save and delete profiles directly from there.

7. when you are done close the mt4 platform and open it again - this saves all the changes you have made.

i did not mean to insult you by sending such a detailed manual, just want you to set everything up error-free. however, in order to become fluent and proficient with the platform, i suggest you to experiment with mt4, push all the buttons and see what everything is and what it all does [while demo-trading of course ].

best wishes and good luck...

--- 帖子 #728 ---
thank you very much for your help - now i´ve got it

best wishes

sweety78901

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Elementary Cornflower, as I understand it!

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1186009046

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Kev-K has shown us why waiting for the 24 EMA is often a good thing. Almost every entry was proftable. One thing: you would have been in before that last arrow, with the pair going against you by a sizeable amount before it went in your favor. That's trading.

Once a given pair hits the +2 profit band, further entry attempts are risky. Use the shorter timeframes for confirmation.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
If building wealth (freedom for family, friends, and self) takes time; I am inclined to wait for the 24-EMA to bend my way as well.  And so, I will surely miss some very good trades . . . however, I will reach my goal (albeit a tad more slowly.)

My secondary and tertiary entry "arrows" were for illustrative purposes (I have learned my lesson in FOREX the hard way . . . never going to be stupid, eager, or greedy again!)

And yes, I am eagerly awaiting the arrival of your Cornflower PDF!  Can't thank you enough for a beautifully simple "system" based on price movement!

Oh yes, when you have a moment . . . would you please expand upon your "profit band" observation/comment.  Thank you!

Kevin

California-USA

+++++++++++++++++++++

Kev-K has shown us why waiting for the 24 EMA is often a good thing. Almost every entry was proftable. One thing: you would have been in before that last arrow, with the pair going against you by a sizeable amount before it went in your favor. That's trading.

Once a given pair hits the +2 profit band, further entry attempts are risky. Use the shorter timeframes for confirmation.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Felicia,

I would like your opinion on a small quirk I'm trying to deal with. I'm creating a new Cornflower EA just as an alert, not for auto-trading, based on the angles of the ema's, the closeness of the price to the indivdual ema's and the spacing of the ema's to generate the alerts. As I'm sure you know, calculating the angle of MA's on MT4 is a very subjective thing. Because of the scaling the platform does to allow you to see all of the candles, you don't get a true representation of the actual angle of an MA. (See first chart below.) If you check the "Scale fix One to One" in the chart properties, then you can see something very close to the true angle. (Second chart below.)

Here's what I would like your opinion on. I've written a routine that calculates the angle pretty accurately. But what angle do we want? Do we want the true angle of the MA's based on scaling 1:1? Do we want angles based on what we're seeing on the screen even though the angle that's displayed is correct for what your seeing, it's not the true angle based on price. As an example, it's entirely possible to look at your chart and see the 72ema at something like 10 degrees. Then turn on "Scale fix One to One" and the angle changes to 30 degrees. Both are correct for what you're 'seeing', but that's two different angles for the same data. Which to use?

I can write it either way. It can be written so that the angles that you 'see' are what's calculated. Or I can write it so that the angle that's calculated and displayed is the 'true' angle based on 1:1 scaling, but not based on what you may be observing.

I posed this question to jafar00 over on the chat room, he suggested that I give the option for both, and suggested I ask you.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Lever70,

As I study your system, I am impressed by all the work that you have done to bring it this far ... Thanks!   Now, on to the question -

In post #281 of this thread, you said "The 72 EMA excursion values for each pair are as follows:", and you go on to describe the P1 and P2 values for a variety of currency pairs.

What does  "72 EMA excursion" mean?  I don't want to guess/assume what you intended with this info.  Thanks

--- 帖子 #734 ---
After reading a "Lever70" posting about "good" cornflower setups, I started to look closely at this pairing. It seems to be, might be, perhaps is the case . . . that we may be seeing a new (deja vu) long trend developing in this pair (similar to the "good" mid-June setups referenced in her posting.)

Wanted to get some thoughts, ideas, etc. about this VERY early pattern (zoom in to both time frames.)  Time will tell.

PS: won't hurt my feelings to be worng (or even be slammed!)

Regards, Kev-K
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1186080007

--- 帖子 #735 ---
I'm starting to see a swing back upwards on the dailies, so I think you're on the right track. This is why it's always good to pull back sometimes and check longer time frames just to get a clearer over-all picture. I think it's been said that taking the time to glance at a longer time frame to confirm your trades can do something like increase your profitable trade count by like 20-30%? I think it's in the Spudfyre thread.

Edit: It was indeed Spudfyre, though talking about his own personal trading strategy; but I feel that the concept of looking at multiple time frames holds, just the same.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...12&postcount=4

--- 帖子 #736 ---
If you have profits, take them now.  If you are not in the market, stay out until after NFP.

53 pips banked on GBPUSD move, which was a trade of the break:

http://img358.imageshack.us/img358/1...02aug07jr7.gif

I outlined this entry on page 3 of this thread, and it hasn't been discussed since.  When the market is choppy, it is the most reliable way to enter, provided the EMAs are lined up.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Verticality is your friend. You want that chart close to twice as tall as it is wide. The wider the chart is, the less steep the angles will appear.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
When EMA's flatten . . . TL's from recent high/low to most recent significant high/low . . . breakout in which direction can be expected ???

Lever, any advice gratefully accepted.

K

--- 帖子 #739 ---
It simply means the distance a given pair can be expected to travel from the value of the 72 EMA, measured in pips. For GBPUSD, for example, P1 is 70 pips from the value of the 72 EMA at the time of entry.

This is something I have been meaning to comment on. If you use the profit bands, it is safer to use the targets that are evident at the time you enter the market. While it is true that the bands move with price, you are better off taking your profit based on what the values of P1 and/or P2 are at the time you enter the trade, instead of revising your targets upward as the trade moves in your favor. Chances are the market will pull back to the 12 EMA, and you can enter again at a lower price after you have taken your band-based profits.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
I also think Kev-K is on the right track, and have noticed the same pattern myself. But remember, we don't need to speculate on what the market might do. All we need to do is use CF to gauge what the market is doing, and then trade accordingly. Neat, eh? As traders, we are kings (and queens) of convenience.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
It depends on the position of the shorter EMAs. When they reverse, but are still below or hovering near the 72 EMA, there's a higher probability of the reversal continuing. Again, no guessing needed. Just trade wherever it goes.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Looking at the trading range on your pre-NFP trade above (from p.3 explanation) . . . it looks like the break should have been lower?  Yet, you made lovely PIPS to the upside!

I've never been the swiftest canoe on the lake . . . any help?

Promise last question!  ;-)  And congrats on 53 PIPS!

K

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Someone has been kind enough to collect all of the many posts detailing CF into one document.  I am currently doing some light editing and will post the document by the end of the week.  This should be considered a DRAFT document, as the author has requested that I include my own comments and reflections.  As I am going on vacation for the next 10 days, I will not be able to complete this part right away.  Nevertheless, I will post the document because many of you have requested a manual, and after 50 pages of posts, its time has certainly come.  The document is of remarkable quality and has my full endorsement.

After I post the document, I will not be able to answer any further PMs or questions until the 13th of August.  Best wishes to you all.

Felicia

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Actually, the correct thread is:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=27574

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Well, I cheated.  I used the shorter timeframe charts to anticipate the break. Trading the break in orthodox fashion, you would have scored "only" 40 pips. If you trade a system for a while, patterns repeat, allowing you to grasp nuances that are not possible from simply reading posts. There's no substitute for live trading.

Edit:  Notice how the shorter EMAs turned upward.  This goes along with what I said above re probabilities.  Cable repelled the P2 band and hovered near the 72 EMA for quite awhile without heading back down.  So I anticipated a long.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
The PDF can be downloaded from http://www.sendspace.com/file/t2rc19 (it's too big to upload here).  Enjoy and have a good week of trading.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Thanks for the great effort Lever70!

I've taken the liberty of uploading it to my forum in case anyone has a problem with the sendspace link.

You can get it here..
http://www.rebatefx.com/forum/showth...pid=975#pid975

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Hi lever70,

Possible to upload it on different website other than sendspace??? Spendspace always message me that the upload size for my country is full and don't allow me to download any thing at all.

Sorry for the convenient.

Regards

--- 帖子 #749 ---
try this http://mihd.net/z5ugcn

u should click 'Request Download Link' on top left of the box.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Very nice work BStar and HIGHLY appreciated as well.

If I may make one suggestion here,  can the Charts be changed to White background instead of the Black as that really sucks down the ink if you want to print the document out.

Can they be changed in Adobe on my copy??   I can't figure that out yet..

Once again thank you for your effort,

Tom

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Hi,

Really appreciate your help!! Thanks a lot.

Also, thanks lever70 for his contribution and sharing. This is a very well explained and informative piece of work.

Regards

--- 帖子 #752 ---
I'm glad you like it and that Felicia found it helpful. I am looking forward to her comments.

The only thing I think could work would be inversing the colors (with Photoshop for example). Don't know if that would still look good though.

As I aswell didn't want to put my printer through this, I took the file to a copy shop and made a high-quality printout. It looks great and I think it is well worth it.

Hey - this is my first post on FF.

BStar

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Thanks for taking the time to put this together. Welcome to FF as well

--- 帖子 #754 ---
A quick reference for Cornflower.  Nice work BStar.

Thank you for the time and effort you have put into this work.

Regards,

Clansman

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Hello jafaroo,

Thanks for uploading the Cornflower draft file to www.rebatefx.com as above.  I attempted to download from 'sendspace' and received a huge warning from my computer security to close 'sendspace' down immediately for serious security reasons.

Good luck and thanks......Happy.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Hi BStar,  White charts would indeed be great if they can be changed in any way.  Any advice would be welcome as Adobe won't allow any changes this end.  I'd like to add my thanks too for all your hard work in putting all this together for us.....I would also like to thank Felicia for posting all this work in the first place and helping us all to trade successfully and often.

Good luck

Happy.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Hi BStar,

Just spotted this post.  It answers my above question about black and white background.  Will also do as you have recommended.  Many thanks.

Happy.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Thanks for a nice set up. I have read thru this thread now (it took quite long time) and i find this set up to be very good... if i do understand it correctly.

Please correct me if i am wrong now... but i need to get this clear for me before i try this system out.

It's about the conservative entry...

I trade the 1H chart. Don't like lower compression than 1H... to much whipsaws...

And as i can understand this system i will let the crossover happen. I.e All the Ma (8, 12, 24) shall cross the 72.

When this happens we have a new trend. (the 72 ema decide the trend direction).

Then i wait for the price to move to 12 ema and/or the 24 ema depending on my descration. right?

Ok... so let's say i wait for the price to move to the 24 ema... shall i then enter a trade agordingly to the trend of 72Ema?

Shall i not wait until the move back to 24 ema has made a crossover of 12 ema - 24 ema? And then enter the trade when the cross is movning back in the trend direction??

And let's say i have understod this correct (as i describe it above) what do i need the 8 ema for? Is it ONLY a heads up for the upcoming cross of 12/24 ema?

/ JoLi

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Hi Joli

When you have a steeply rising price, it will usually retace to the 8ema, rather than the 12/24. You would trade off the 8 or else miss some very good setups.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
So by that you mean that i shall not wait for any crossover at all. I.e 8 ema / 12 ema.

I shall just enter in the direction of the 72 ema when price hits 8 ema?

/ JoLi

--- 帖子 #761 ---
With all the various 'systems' out there it is great to find something that works well and is profitable.

Best of trading to all

--- 帖子 #762 ---
I've been watching this thread with great interest, and finally decided to try it out on demo.

The following 2 examples are on the 30m charts, and I hope I've interpreted the rules correctly for this TF.

Both trades open on (or just above) a pivot line, with the specific targets arrowed.

GBP/USD targets are obvious, but with such a strong upward trend, and the price standing well away from the 8ema, it seemed prudent to let it run.  The result was around 118 pips or so, which was encouraging.

EUR/USD also provided a strong run up, which I allowed to pass my target, and I probably would have let it run further, except for that nasty upper shadow on my eventual exit candle.  Candlesticks RULE!!   The result was a 36 pip profit.

Please feel free to point out any errors in judgement on my part, folks.  This has turned out to be a fantastic system, as well as a lively and interesting thread.

To Felicia...many thanks indeed for sharing this with us.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Great trading, Eyevoltage, i'm watch & learn this system for month, but can't make cute entry, while try to entry with watching the chart, make me fear, cause i can't make good decision !

I saw you have pivot in your chart, may let me know how to put it at my MT4 ? & how can we know the pivot level ?

I'm sure this CF system is very good, cause i saw many of this system follower present their profit result here ! I would thanks to Felicia, for his good system ! http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif Hi Felicia, I just sign for this forum because of your very atttracting system !

I also need your advice, Felicia, how to make entry decision, like yesterday,  at 8 August around 7:00 am GMT to 9:00 am GMT, i'm very confuse http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon5.gif to make a short for GBPUSD or to long, cause i catch your system idea is to :

1. watch the longer TF; i watch 1H TF, and saw GU was down trend

2. entry to short while the price was retrace / pullback to 12 / 24 EMA,

the deeper the pullback, will make more profitable http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon5.gif

I also want to ask Eyevoltage, seems you make good decision even, not sitck on the CF rule !? Can your share more your trading style ? Seems you have the good breakout formula http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

WS168

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Hi WS, and thanks for your comments.

As I said in my post, I really was hoping that I was "sticking to the CF rules", but of course, if I wasn't, I needed to be told. On reflection, maybe I could have entered both trades a little earlier, but I'm one of those people who believe that Pivot Lines have an important place on one's charts. I just needed to see a "healthy" cross of a Pivot Line in both cases before I was happy to enter the trade. Sometimes, a break-out can look a fantastic prospect, but if it comes to a sudden halt and you don't use Pivot Lines, then you'll never know what the reason was!

For the benefit of anybody who wants it, I'm posting the indicator below. WS168, just enter it into your MT4/experts/indicator file, and then open up your MT4 platform and look for it in your indicator list.

Thanks again.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Hope you don't mind, but I thought this chart would help any newbie out there who's a bit confused concerning exits.   I took this trade below the black arrow as the price crossed the 72ema.  Seeing as how it was just under the Pivot Point, and well above the M2 line, it was a good R/R situation.  However, the thing that concerned me as the trade developed was the long lower shadows on the preceding candle, as well as the one I was involved in.  A sure sign that the Bears were fighting back!    I got out of the trade as the next candle kicked in, and I'm glad I did, seeing as this next candle turned out to be a spinning top, and definitely not good for the nerves!  As I type this, the price continues to move sideways above the S1 line, so it'll be interesting to see which way it eventually goes.   Exits can be S/R lines, MA crosses, breakouts of Trend lines etc., but sometimes it really does pay to take notice of the actual candlestick.  It can give you so much valuable info, trust me!

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Hello again.

I'm attaching a 5m chart of USD/JPY from this morning of what I see as possible scalping trades.  I know Felicia mentioned how one can scalp the Cornflower on 5m, so I was wondering if the more experienced amongst you could confirm (or not, as the case may be) that these trades would have been within the Cornflower rules.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Very good Eyevoltage ! I saw now the price at 118.76 !!!

Thanks for your pivot indicator, already download.

I saw more light at this CF system + pivot

If i may ask about the pivot :

1. why mine MT4 doesn't shown the pivot line M1, M2 ?

2. I use MT4 with GMT +2 for default time, so the closed price at previous day, not shown similary with your, how can i solve this ?

About the candle stick, i saw different candle at some platform, cause sometime broker widen their spread, what broker platform / server do you refer for the best tick price ?

TQ very much ! http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

--- 帖子 #768 ---
May you explain what is scalping trades that you mean, sorry i new and don't understand.

WS168

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Hi WS168.

Glad you like the Pivot indicator.   Yours isn't showing the M1, M2 etc., because you have to set it up.  Right click on the chart and select Indicator List.  Highlight MultiPivotV2 and click Edit.  In the resulting window, scroll down until you see "Mid Pivots".   It will say "False" at the side, so double click where it says "False" and you'll get the alternative "True" dropping down underneath it.  Click on "True" and then close the window.  When you get back to your chart, you should see the Mid-point lines quite clearly.

Sorry, but I can't help you with your GMT+2 question.  I have no idea how you'd get around that, as I'm in the UK, which is at present GMT+1.  Perhaps somebody from outside the UK can help you on that.

It would be impossible for me to answer your question about broker prices etc., as they all differ, and there's so many of them!  People on this forum who are more familiar with different brokers than I am would be the best to ask.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Sorry, mate.  I meant to reply to this in the last post!

Scalping is merely getting in and out of trades in a matter of minutes, with hopefully a small profit, as opposed to entering a trade, and then sitting back and letting it go for sometimes hours at a time!!

Some traders don't like scalping, yet others love it.  It all depends on one's mentality and whether or not one fancies sitting at the screen hopping in and out of trades, one after the other.

When people say they're scalping, they're usually using 1m or 5m charts and never anything over that.  It's fast and furious sometimes, and either fun or a right pain in the ass, depending on which way you look at it!!

I wouldn't recommend it until you're a bit more experienced, mate.  OK?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #771 ---
did anyone long position in gbp here?

--- 帖子 #772 ---
I got advice from some broker at 2 GMT; Price will down till around 2.0155

--- 帖子 #773 ---
what the name of broker company?

--- 帖子 #774 ---
One pivot indicator I use has an option to change the time. I have it set to 0 and it seems to be about right, but the variance would depend on how much movement there is/was at the extremes of the day.

Here it is.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #775 ---
TQ G-Man, already solve my GMT +2 pivot problem.

Actually Pivot Indicator from Eyevoltage also can shift GMT timezone.

Anyway thanks to your help G-Man

Also want to thank Forexfactory for this very good forum !

Very much nice people here, who will give hand and help others !

Cheerhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Hi Pipskateer

I saw your MACD bar indi very attractive, sometimes i'm need to put at my chart, then i'm no need to view several window with different TF, may you let know where to download that ? If no mention, i also want to show 'time / clock' cause sometimes i need to know the GMT or other time session, to watch news.

I would very thank http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon10.gif, if you would let know the link or share that indi.

cheer,

WS168

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Hi WS.

I have to apologize for not being able to respond to your GMT+2 shift request.   I have to hold my hand up and say I never realized it could be done on that Pivot indicator I gave you.  My only excuse is that because I live in the GMT zone, I've never had to bother with it, so it went unnoticed whenever I was editing MultiPivotV2.

Anyway, I'm really glad you managed to sort it out, mate, and again, my apologies.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Thats not your responsible, don't mention !

I myself should seek and learn more about this, its my responsible !

I can understand, you no need to change your GMT time.

Btw, how about your trading yesterday for USDJPY, with what stragegy & how you exit to TF ? Please share to us ! http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

Cheer

WS168

--- 帖子 #779 ---
is there any or can there be EA for this method

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Hi again, WS.

Thanks for understanding, my friend.

Re yesterday's trading..........I read earlier in this thread that Felicia (Cornflower's creator) was at heart a scalper, so I decided to try a bit of scalping with Cornflower on the 5m chart.  You can see the results below.  Of course, it helped having a really good trending market yesterday.  If it was like that every day, we'd all be millionaires in no time at all!!

I didn't open my first trade until the first candle under the correct sequence of MA's, and my target was the Pivot Point, which, as you can see, it hit with no problem at all.   17 pips profit after spread.

I then waited for the next opportunity......a candle to find resistance at, or pierce, the 10 ema.  If you look at how the price is coming down between the first yellow arrow and the 2nd yellow arrow, and see how it relates to the blue Pivot Point, it seems to take the shape of a descending triangle, so I didn't enter the trade until it had passed through the Pivot Point, reducing my profit to 9 points.   I exited the trade after the spinning top, which is always a good place to exit!!

I entered the third trade as the candle passed back through the 10ema and ended up with 13 pips profit, as I exited at the opening of the "long" candle.  Gotta be quick at this game, it seems!

The last trade was straightforward, and yielded 14 pips profit.

All profits quoted after the spread was taken away, leaving a total of 53 pips, which I'd rate as pretty good, seeing as it only took around an hour and three quarters to achieve.

I'd say it's a pretty good method if you have the time to sit and wait for each opportunity to come along.   However, it doesn't suit everyone, but I have to say I enjoyed the experience.   If nothing else, I've proved to myself that it can be done, which improves one's confidence no end.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Hi again, WS.

Thanks for understanding, my friend.

Re yesterday's trading..........I read earlier in this thread that Felicia (Cornflower's creator) was at heart a scalper, so I decided to try a bit of scalping with Cornflower on the 5m chart. You can see the results below. Of course, it helped having a really good trending market yesterday. If it was like that every day, we'd all be millionaires in no time at all!!

I didn't open my first trade until the first candle under the correct sequence of MA's, and my target was the Pivot Point, which, as you can see, it hit with no problem at all. 17 pips profit after spread.

I then waited for the next opportunity......a candle to find resistance at, or pierce, the 10 ema. If you look at how the price is coming down between the first yellow arrow and the 2nd yellow arrow, and see how it relates to the blue Pivot Point, it seems to take the shape of a descending triangle, so I didn't enter the trade until it had passed through the Pivot Point, reducing my profit to 9 points. I exited the trade after the spinning top, which is always a good place to exit!!

I entered the third trade as the candle passed back through the 10ema and ended up with 13 pips profit, as I exited at the opening of the "long" candle. Gotta be quick at this game, it seems!

The last trade was straightforward, and yielded 14 pips profit.

All profits quoted after the spread was taken away, leaving a total of 53 pips, which I'd rate as pretty good, seeing as it only took around an hour and three quarters to achieve.

I'd say it's a pretty good method if you have the time to sit and wait for each opportunity to come along. However, it doesn't suit everyone, but I have to say I enjoyed the experience. If nothing else, I've proved to myself that it can be done, which improves one's confidence no end.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
I have absolutely NO idea why my last post was issued twice.

Gremlins, perhaps?

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Good stuff Eyevoltage,

I started playing with Cornflower on the 5 minute this morning and also using Felicia's GUPPY on a 1 minute chart. Both charts give me the go ahead, I place the trade. Picked up AUD/JPY for 15 pips and GBP/JPY for 16.

Since my daily goal is 10 pips....I think I'll go to the golf course.

Thanks for the charts.

Have a great weekend.

MG

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Enough is enough for one day.  Your daily goal times 3?   Nice one, son.

Enjoy your weekend also.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Eyevoltage.

I am new to MT4.... where do I find MultiPivotV2. I searched GOOG and only came up with your post.

Thanks... Mike G

--- 帖子 #786 ---
MultiPivotV2 attached

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Hello,

while backtesting CF to train my eye, I noticed many times the situation showed on screenshots I took from the backtesting platform.

When Im analyzing offline chart I can see many CF entry points i.e. a pullback to 24ema. Notice the perfect alignment of all three shorter emas.

http://www.cntrade.cz/files/forex/co...r/eurusd_a.gif
[offline chart analyse showing the CornFlower entry point as I understand it]

But in the real-time at the moment when the price is pulling back to the 24ema, the ema is almost always flat at the most recent candle or two and the 8 and 12 emas are almost always pointing the opposite direction. Also an intersection of a candle and 24ema often never occures in real-time, because the moving average is following the price movement and is also pulling back a little.

http://www.cntrade.cz/files/forex/co...r/eurusd_b.gif
[backtest situation showing the same CornFlower entry point at the moment of pullback]

By ignoring this fact and focusing on the direction of the 8, 12 and 24 emas of previous 3-4 candles I was able to take the profit consistently.

pta.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Thanks Orion

--- 帖子 #789 ---
That was a nice statement made regarding the moving averages in real time.  There are some who would not regard that little important fact.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
I have been reading this thread for a few days and did a trade following the method outlined and made 11 pips in AUD/JPY off the 30 min chart. I used a position size based off risk and so 4 lots were used. I could have made more profit if I set my limit with all 4 lots.. But as the author of this thread has stated a profit is a profit. I'm still a little perplexed by the 5min set up.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
What perplexes you about the 5m set-up?

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hey Eyevoltage..

30Min on Cornflower...enter on the 5min. today. Shorted for 19 pip on CAD/JPY and 13 on CHF/JPY in 2 hours starting around 1900 gmt, 1400 lcl.

My daily is 10 pips but it just kept going like the "Energizer Bunny" so I kept taking. Sorry for not following the 10 pip rule Felicia

Felicia.....you are the BOMB (that's a good thing) ....thanks for a great system.

Mike G

--- 帖子 #793 ---
I have not figured how to use it for entry. I've been using 30/60 min charts and when looking at the 5 it gets a little overwhelming for me. Anyway most USD/CAD gave a 30 min signal and I missed it but I will be looking at the 1 hr to see if a trend change shall occur.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
The usd.cad trade is higher risk as of late. Sure you might banks some pips, but look at the recent history on the 1h and 4h. There are others that are a lot cleaner.

Just adding my 2 pips,

PH

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Took 17 off USD/CAD and now in USD/CHF looking for 10.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Got my ten and now done for the day..

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Why are you attaching my post to your scalp trade?

I was simply pointing out that there were other trades available during the time posted with less risk that would have produced significant results.

If you would have paid attention to the rules, you would still be in the this trade and up 70+ pips per unit traded.

Thanks,

PH

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Sorry dude, that trade was conducted while I was at work and so a 20 pip limit was set.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Not sure about this posting on forums.. If your offended sorry as this was not my intent.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Not what I meant?

Your trade had nothing to do with my post and if you think it didn't, you aren't reading what I posted.

Thank you,

PH

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Ok, I got it.. pip_hunter.. New here and so I'll just watch you guys from the sidelines.. I felt the risk was worth a stab and yes I may have taken 70 points, but I'm very happy with 27 for this da.

Have a nice day..

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Nice system.  It's a typical MA pullback system, and if done right will get results.

But, I must say, you'll never succeed in the long run taking only 10 pips...?  Why take 10 when you can let it run and make 100?  Age-old wisdom says "let your winners run, cut your losses" ... you're cutting your winners by getting out at 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Your incorrect with this line of thinking IMO

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Hi All,

I read this thread everyday and I too thought like JoshDance when I got into trading. BUT, after running across LEVER70's Trade Rules, (author of this sytem and thread) it really opened my eyes to componding. Don't get me wrong, if I am in a trade and it's running like a scared jack rabbit, I'm not getting out till it pivots.

I would like to share One rule from Felicia's rule book:

RULE: Always stick to a small daily profit target

Again, small daily wins are the key to success. This may be the second most important rule after rule #1. The chain of events that justify this rule generally follows this chronological pattern: 1. After a string of losses, you calm down, screw you head back on, and finally start to see the market clearly. You make one or two trades and meet your daily target. 2. Relieved that you have been able to do this, you start to see good trades regularly. You take some of these trades for wins, and you realize that your target is well within your reach, several times a day. 3. At this point, trading starts to seem easy and you are making money left and right. Overconfidence and greed sets in. Long before this happens, you may have already been overtrading. 4. You begin to lose and eventually give back all of your profits. At this point, one of two things happens:

You stop trading and assess what happened (which is, in fact, what led this author to write this rulebook). Having calmed yourself down, eaten a nice meal, etc., you return to step one above. You finish the week in profit, only to realize that you would havemade the same amount of money all along if you had only stuck to your small daily target! Think about the time that you could have spent doing other things! You get desperate and lose even more money, so much that you are FORCED to stop and assess what happened. If you are a beginning trader, that this will happen at least once. In fact, it will probably happen multiple times. Ah, you say "oh, not me!" Yes, you too.  If you end up making the same money overtrading as you do when trading minimally for a small profit target, why overtrade? If we always acted with our heads, this question would never arise. The compounding that can be realized by fulfilling and sticking to a small daily target is mind-boggling.

For example, let’s say you have $2,000 in your account. You resolve not to lose either 5% of your equity or 20 pips on every single trade that you make. In other words, a 20 pip loss would mean a decrease in equity of 5%. And this would be a worst-case scenario; ideally you would exit much earlier. To size your position, you would first divide your account size by the risk percentage (.05) to get the capital amount to be risked. Then you take that number and divide it by the maximum pip loss. The result, which you always round down to a whole number, is the dollar amount per pip that you are allowed to trade, regardless of the leverage offered by your broker.

To illustrate: $2,000 * .05 = $100 / 20 = $5 per pip. $5 per pip means that you can trade 5 mini-lots. Only a mini account will give you the flexibility to trade the exact number of lots appropriate to your account size, and some brokers are less flexible than others. Now, for the compounding realized by fulfilling a 5 pip daily target: After two months of trading (40 days), your original $2,000 has become $3,170. At this point, you are now trading $7 lots. After six months, you account is now worth $9,300, more than 4 times its original size. You are trading $24 lots. After a year, you have $46,945 to trade with. Your account has increased twentyfold, and you are trading $114 lots. After 18 months, your account is up to $233,035. You are trading $568 lots. Holy crap! Now, you will have had to pay taxes once by this point, decreasing the overall amount. But you get the picture. After a mere 18 months, you have earned enough money to quit your job and live off your trading income.

The high leverage offered to forex traders is what makes this kind of compounding possible. In no other market can you trade for this little, yet walk away with so much. What’s more, if your greed gets the best of you and you screw it all up (which I have done), it does not take all that much time to recover your losses. This is why forex is the best market for the small trader, as opposed to equities or even futures, where the leverage is much less. Keep your goals realistic, stay disciplined, and financial freedom is within your grasp.

Something to think about!!

MG

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Very nice post.. Home runs do not win the games for it could be the little base hits. Why do posters on forums boast about the zillions of pips they make? Funny....ooppps moving to the sidelines...

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Amen to that greed will kill your account,nothing that everlast grows fast!!!!!

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Thanks Matrixxdg.  Terrific post - one that should be printed-out and placed where it can be seen and reviewed every day.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Hi All,

I wish I could say I came up with this straight forward truth about trading, but I didn't. We owe it all to Felicia (Lever70). If you have not read the entire 20++ page rulebook she wrote, get it here.

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...6&d=1177166291

Happy Trading....slow but sure and retire early.

MG

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Most people who post their trade results in this forum do so with the intent of sharing the experience to help others,and learn from others, like yourself.   Sometimes they share a bad trade in order to get feed back on what they did wrong and how to correct the errors made.  Other times they share good trades which resulted in a goodly number of pips being banked.

I look to learn from others results both positive and negative and their methods.  If someone has banked 70 plus pips on a trade,...I want to know how they did it.  If it is a setup I am not familiar with, then I want to examine it and see if integrating a system might better my trading style.

I started trading commodities part time in 2001, but I never really enjoyed trading in that venue.  When I discovered forex in 2003, I switched and went full time in the Forex market in late 2004.  My philosophy has always been to take small profits and when able increase the amount of lots traded. (Slow but steady.)

I have been following this thread since Lever started it.  I have back tested it, then and forward tested it until I was satisfied it fit my style of trading.  Once I have decided which currency pair to trade for the day, I use the four TF Cornflower system to decide when to enter the trade.

I live on the West Coast of the U.S. and trade both the Asian and London sessions.  This morning during the London session, I determined that the GBP/JPY was going to continue on it's South bound journey.  Using Cornflower I placed a sell at 236.72.  The run started to end at 236.20.  By the time I decided it was ending, I closed with a profit of 40 pips (my initial goal was only 20 pips.)

Upon preparing to trade the Asian session this afternoon, I was surprised to find the GBP/JPY had dropped to 234.12.  While I was happy with the 40 pip profit from the earlier trade, my first thought was, is there anything I could have done to have banked some of the 220 pips I left on the table.  After careful thought (and several cups of coffee) I saw where I could improve my results.

Firstly, when I closed the trade, it was quite apparent that price had begun an upward climb on the 5M chart.  Instead of closing the trade, I should have noticed my option to use my trading station's close and reverse option and banked some of the pips on the retracement (it finally topped out at 237.14.)

Second, I had focused my attention on the 5M chart ONLY (a habit left over from my scalping days.)  Because price was choppy on the 5M chart, I decided another trade would not be viable.  If I had looked at the H, 30M, and 15M charts, I would have seen the trend was intact and my choppy 5M chart was only price taking a breather.

Third,  If I had looked at the other charts, I could have placed another sell order with a trailing stop and gone to bed secure in the knowledge that I had already banked pips for the day, and the trade was covered by the stop. An observation I will not miss again.

I decided to share this trade not to boast of my 40 pip profit, but to share my mistakes in analyzing the charts.  Hopefully it will prevent someone else from missing an opportunity like the one I missed today.

The venerable Peter Bain has said trading the Forex Market is like going to war.  It's you against the other guy, and he more than likely has more experience, is better informed,....and wants your lunch!  I am happy I banked those 40 pips and that my errors in evaluating the market only cost me unrealized profits (for those interested, I now trade 25 lots at $.84 per lot, or approximately $21.00 per pip) and not the hard earned money in the trading account.

Trading the Forex is a great business.  However, it is terribly unforgiving of any ignorance, carelessness or neglect, (the same mantra I have when I fly an aircraft).  Learning from other people's mistakes and successes will help to shorten the learning curve.

While the object of trading is to make money,....It's not how much money you make,....but what you do with the money after you make it that counts. Family, Passion, and Live Well.

Clansman

--- 帖子 #810 ---
If I may suggest...

In a ranging market, small, frequent targets are fine, but in a clear trending market as we have now, you can afford to extend your targets to S&R levels and take a few more pips. Yesterday I took 288 pips with 2 trades on aud/usd and nzd/usd still open and floating +363 between them. All Cornflower goodness!

So, if the volume is there with a nice, strong move, and a clear CF trend, why not go for 30 or 40 instead of 20?

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Very nice post Clansman. You are so right. I have the same problem breaking my 5 min chart habit from the equities world. My makeup as a trader is such that when I have money on the table, it's hard to walk away and protect my stops, but I'm getting better. Thanks for the post.

Good job...from a MacGregor Clansman to you.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
OK All...... How does one protect there profit when letting a trade on a 30 min chart run overnight. I usually wait until I have bagged 10 pips or so and then move my stop to one pip under breakeven. (if it reverses, I have at least enough for a cup of coffe  )

If I am away from the computer, (ie. sleep, work, etc) how do I keep taking the profits. Do I use a trailing stop? I think the that would be dangerous because I am not sure where to set the stop. To tight, I make nothing, to loose I go in the red. Red makes me a an unhappy camper.

Thoughts anyone?

MG

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Limit hit on EUR/CHF off 30 min signal for 20. Looking at GBP/USD, USD/CAD

--- 帖子 #814 ---
12 hit on usd/cad done for the day..

--- 帖子 #815 ---
I just use a limit and take it off the table. I'm not greedy and I'm happy with a 10 pip move. Just me though. Today I entered a trade minutes before going to work and when I got home tgt was hit. Sure the pair might run 100 pips but you can get in on a p/b if you wish.

I'm beginning to think the JPY pairs might be heading for 30 min signals. Anyone else noticing this?

--- 帖子 #816 ---
I just took 52 on AUD/JPY and 36 on GBP/JPY. They have been going down almost every day for last week or so starting between 13:30 and 14:30 EST.

Not sure why...if any one can shed light on that I would like to know. No news releases.... Asian market not open yet. But....if all I squeek out is my 10 pips a day, I'm happy. But if I have a couple of runners, I let them run till they get tired.

MG

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Felicia, a million pips to you for your insights that you have so generously shared!  Not only is Cornflower one of the most astute observations about the workings of the forex marketplace, but your Rules for trading are simply astounding.  You have given us all a most powerful tool for trading with Cornflower.  Yes, one must be aware of Support, Resistance and the Weekly Trendline, but Cornflower is where it's at!  I look forward to the continued insights and additions that will continue to be added to this thread as the year goes on.

One thing I've noticed and may be of help is that there are many occasions where you look at the hourly and it's trending so fast that there isn't the slightest hint of a pullback to even the 8 EMA.  You then drop to the 30M chart and again, no pullbacks.  Not only are there no pullbacks, but there's DISTANCE between the high or low of the bar and the 8 EMA.  Drop to the 15M and it's still a runaway Piptrain.  No pullbacks in sight, how to take advantage of this moneymaker?  Well, I've found that in these times there is no reason to not be making money in an obvious market move.  Just drop down to the 5M and 1M charts in those circumstances and play those timeframes Cornflower style exactly the same as if they were the 1H chart.  What I'm saying is that there is always a timeframe to play Cornflower on in a trending market.  Just find the one that has shown a couple pullbacks to the 12/24 area and then wait for the next opportunity to get in.  You have to keep a vigilant eye on your stops, as always, but as long as you do, you've got an 80% chance of winning which is HUGE.

Hope this helps.  Let me know if I wasn't clear...

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Thank you for that last paragraph, mate.  Although Cornflower is a wonderful system (Thank you again, Felicia), I've always been a bit unsure as to how to use the different TF's.  I'm sure that Felicia said to play the pull-backs on the 1H, but only break-outs on the 30min charts.   That's fair enough, but I've looked at 1H, 30min, 15min and 5min charts, and like you said, there always seems to be opportunities to play pull-back trades on at least ONE of those charts, and sometimes ALL of them.   A couple of days ago, I was trying a scalping method on the 5min, and it was remarkably successful.  I was trying out small trend lines here and there, and I found that they narrowed down the entry points for me in a lot of cases.   Basically, my thoughts are that Felicia has provided a wonderful method that each of us can utilise in our own different ways, while still respecting the essential fundamentals that she developed.

Any other thoughts on this out there, I wonder?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Thanks Matrixxdg.

I understand, it is especially frustrating when your stop is hit and price then turns around and proceeds to move another 20 to 30 pips before finally stalling out.  I prefer to keep my stop line in my head while I am trading (I find it allows for more flexibility when price starts to fluctuate.)    If there is a strong trend and price is moving well, I keep a 30 pip margin in my head.    If it is ranging, I use 20 pips on either side of the channel.   I follow the 5M and 15M charts when it is ranging.   I use pivot points and support and resistance lines, and I watch carefully around those areas (it is amazing how often a Cornflower pullback happens around those areas.)

If I have a trade that is in the positive and I am going to be away from the computer, I set my stop half way between where price is and my break even point, assuring some profit.   When I use a trailing stop, I set it anywhere between 30 pips and 100 pips behind price (depends on the particular currency and the movement at the time.)   If I am sure price will continue on a trend, but I can't gauge where it might retrace to before continuing, I will set a higher trailing stop.    Unfortunately, trading is part art and part science....more art than science.

I hope the above is useful.

BTW,....I am MacGregor as well!!!

Clansman

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Nice work Bunton.  32 pips between the EUR/CHF and USD/CAD.  Sounds like you had a good day.

Clansman

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Looks like you guys are doing well. And I am pleased that the Rules document has been revisited. I'll have more comments soon. Just wanted to comment on this post:

This is on the money. Systems should be altered to each trader's personality and goals. So long as you are trading in a manner true to the system, it is perfectly acceptable. The important thing is that you follow a system in spirit, if not necessarily to the letter.

I'm glad you're all finding Cornflower to be of continued use. I will try to log into the chatroom from time to time, though my time has been compromised in the last few weeks.

Felicia

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Felicia, thank you for your effects in providing some awesome info. I've been learning your system for a few days and getting nice results. I'm just not sure about the 5m charts right now...

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Clansman, thank you for your kind words!!

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Thanks for the info. I'm starting to pull it all together, the channel thing I need to get better at. Thanks for the input.

Long live Culloden and Rob Roy's fighting spirit.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
USA/CHF might be setting up on 1 hr chart. Would it be wise to see it get past last high are wait for deeper P/B?

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Hey Bunton, I would make sure it hit the 24 ema (cornflower) on the M30 before I entered. Other times it passed the 12 and then reversed it didn't do much.

My 2 pips...

MG

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Matrixxdg, thanks for your reply. I left it alone and now even think the 30m might try to trigger it short. We shall see as some news events coming today.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
I tried a couple of scalps today on Cable, and I thought I'd show you how I avoided what could have been a bad trade.  Pretty basic stuff, but then there's a lot of new people coming on all the time, isn't there?

I got in for a nice scalp of 26 pips where you can see the labels.  I exited this trade sharpish after the long lower shadow gave an indication that the bears where fighting back.  Sure enough, the price started rising rapidly, and I was waiting for it to stall at any of the MA lines.  In the meantime, I drew a trend line from the first black arrow to see if it would prove to show resistance to the rising price.  Obviously, it didn't, and the price didn't stop until it hit the 50sma.  Now, of course, my trend line had the potential to be a support, so I waited to see what would happen.  I watched the price drop through 3 MA's until it came to a grinding halt at my trend line, where the second black arrow is pointing. The next candlestick proved to be a hammer, just above the M1 line indicating a reversal and so it proved.   A simple trend line saved me a lot of grief.   Magic, eh?

--- 帖子 #829 ---
that's a nice scalp eyevoltage!  I don't know what the Hourly, the 30M and the 15M looked like at the time, but I would recommend to anyone trying to do this type of 5M Cornflower scalping to make sure the higher time frames have a nice orderly line-up of the EMA's agreeing with the direction of your trade.  Never trade against the higher time frames, only with them!!

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Thanks, mate, and you're spot on with the advice.  The MA's on the 1H, 30min and the 15min charts were all neatly in order and heading in same direction AT THE TIME OF MY TRADE.   It was only after the price stalled at my trendline, that things started going haywire.  So that was a good time to stop trading, until things settled down again.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Eyevoltage nice chart and info. I've just got home from work and made 10 points short on USD/CHF. I was looking for more and once it hit 20 pips I put stop at 10 and was kicked out fast.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
I've been hesitant and afraid to short the JPY pairs. I'll need to start trading what I see and not what I think. I've been thinking they would reverse anytime. A big move missed but a learning point for me.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Well I won’t be able to trade tomorrow and so my first week trading the CF sys has taken 8 trades with 8 wins. All signals from 30/60m charts. Thus far I’m very impressed with the system and it might be beginners luck. Each position was sized according to risk of 2% per trade. I did not overtrade and tried not to make something happen. In the past I would force trades and get my butt kicked in the process.

Sure I left a lot on the table and had a few move 100 pips, but since I work many trades were set up with OCO orders and a tgt based on where I thought resistance might be. I still have a long way to go with the 5m charts as they mess with my head for some reason. I thank you guys/gals for posting here and helping a hard head learn sumfin..

Good Trading All

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Did my first 5min trade for 9 pips on AUD/JPY.. Price broke a channel and the ema's started down in proper order.

http://img401.imageshack.us/img401/9...djpytt1.th.png

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Spot on, mate, and congrats on your other trades.  You're cottoning on fast!   One of the main reasons I like the Cornflower is that there's no indicators, other than MA's, plus I like to use Pivot Points and Trend lines.   The MA's give you direction AND support/resistance.   I'm never without pivots on my charts, as they give you targets and again, support/resistance.  Trend lines complete the set as far as I'm concerned, keeping you in good trades and preventing you entering bad trades.   Indicators have their place, but not in Cornflower.  It's been proved time and time again how good it is WITHOUT indicators, so why buck the trend?

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
eyevoltage, thanks you for your encouragement. My biggest problem has been having 15million indicators all turned on at once..hehe this would have me deep in the woods surrounded by the pip monster. Anyway I do like the simplicity of this and being a hard head I need to try to keep things simple. Your posts have helped me out a lot and I thank you..

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Hey Bunton,......Eight for eight!!  That's a good week my friend!  When I started trading the Forex, I only did four to five trades per week.

The biggest problem for me when I switched from commodities to the forex  venue was the perceived speed of the live charts (I had traded commodities using paper charts and called the broker once a week to place my trades.)  If the 5M charts are giving you a little trouble, switch to 1M charts and observe them for awhile.  When you switch back to the 5M for trading, they will seem slower and will appear clearer to your eye.

Don't worry about the 100 pip moves at this time.  You banked the profit from eight trades!  As your trading account grows, you will be able to increase the number of lots you trade.  Imagine the profit if you had been able to make those same trades with twice the number of lots.  Slow and steady will increase the account (and the number of lots you trade.)  Before you know it, you will be able to go full time and kick the day job (if you like.)  I started with 1 lot per trade.  Over a period of time, I increased the number of lots to 25 per trade.

The Cornflower system is one of the best I have seen.  It does a fantastic job of showing a trader when to enter and exit a trade (I have thanked Lever both in this forum and in PM's for sharing the Cornflower system.)  Keep your discipline and don't force the trades and you will be successful in this business.

Trade well.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Now that would blow my mind to be able to trade 25 lots. Heck 10 pips might then be worth $250. in profit. If I could do that I could then move to Ecuador and trade full time. Well I guess all things are possible if ya believe. I just want to trade well and if I can get consistent the profits will come. I don’t have a large account and it is now just over 4K as I’ve messed up chasing rabbit’s hehe…. I was buying at the exact high and selling at the exact low.. I thought a FOREX monster got into my PC and plagued me with some stupid soup.. My biggest screw up was not checking my orders and when I woke up I learned I was in a position and down 300.00… So 25 lots sounds great to me.. What amount of income would I need to trade that?

--- 帖子 #839 ---
In forex trading like everything else, you have to pay your dues (sometimes quite literally if you are not careful.)  I crashed my first forex account and did serious damage to the second before I developed the style that worked for me.

While I can't tell you what will work for you,....I can share what I did on my road to surviving the forex market.

My first goal was to be consistent in my trading (seven successful trades out of ten was my goal.)  Next I had to decide how much risk I was willing to live with, as well as, a nonemotional, mechanical, way to increase the number of lots in my trades. I did that by setting up an excel spread sheet with the following headings; # Lots, Stop pips, Margin, Total Margin Required, Trade Profit, Draw, To Account, Balance.   Once the formulas are tied in, you can see the potential risk for your trades.  There are only three places you can make changes in the formulas, Beginning Balance, # Lots, and Draw.  All columns with the exception of the # Lots column (which is a straight number) are in dollars .  I'll dig up an example and post it soon.

When a change is made in the the # Lots column, all columns with the exception of the Draw column are changed.

The Total Margin Required column is the combined total of the Stop Pips and Margin columns.

The Stop Pips column is the number of pips your stop is set to in dollars. It is the most important in my mind. It tells you in dollars how much you will be risking for the number of lots you want to trade.  I prefer to look at dollars vs percentages when evaluating my risk (i.e. $1,000.00 is more sobering to me than say 2%.)   I also use my balance  in determining the number of lots to trade.  The spread sheet holds forty-four trades with increasing lots as you move down the page.  If I experience a loss, I look to the balance on the spread sheet that is the closest amount below my actual account and place my next trade using the # of lots indicated.

The draw column is the amount you pull from the account to pay yourself.

I have one sheet for the EUR/USD and GBP/USD (since those currencies are in even dollars) and one for GBP/JPY, USD/CHF, USD/JPY, which are approximately $0.85 per pip.

I decided to setup a corporation for my trading account.  Some people had said to me that a corporation is a lot of extra paper work for just one person.  However, I preferred the benefits of a corporation.  The corporation pays me biweekly and takes my taxes out of my check just like any other paycheck.  The company has different tax advantages than I do as an individual.  The most important reason in my mind, for setting up a corporation is....it's cleaner.  Everything is documented and above board.

If my ramblings have not answered your question,..I hope they have at least pointed you to the road best suited to you.

Trade well...live well.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Clansman....

Sounds like a very clean way of tracking your trades.

I like the idea about incorporating also.

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Clansman, your awesome… I would love to see the excel program. I have not yet figured how to work excel with the math and everything. I was thinking of starting a daily logbook. I thought it might be of some benefit to create a written history of what I’m doing both right and wrong. I was thinking this logbook could be reviewed to help me with my trading. I’ve learned it is easy to get a screen picture of my charts and I can print then out and place in the log. I plan on gathering my thoughts as to why I took the trade, date time, stop, tgt, and how it went.

I’m thinking this logbook might serve me well with history and charts of why I’m doing what I do. Not sure if others do this but I can see the benefit in staying disciplined in running a log.

Clansman, you sure seem to have your ducks in a row. That is great. You treat your trading as a business (Corp). I’m all ears to learn from people who have done what I wish too… Sure most will tell me my chances are small of making it and others will judge one for how they represent themselves in cyber space, but the fact is the opportunity presents itself for those who have the desire and discipline to go after it. Being new to this I know the road is unsure and uneven, but anything worth having is worth working for..

Thank you Sir for your great idea!!

--- 帖子 #842 ---
If one is going to be successful in this business,....You had better keep good notes.  On more than one occasion, I have missed on a trade and when I reviewed my notes, I found the answer staring me in the face.

Don't listen to the naysayers........Just remember this simple statement:

Critics are like eunuchs....They know how it is done....They have seen it done a million times....But they can't do it themselves.

Trade well...Live well.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
I have attached the Risk Worksheet.  It is actually two worksheets.  One for the EUR/USD and GBP/USD.  The second covers the GBP/JPY, USD/CHF, and the USD/JPY.  The second page of both sheets gives my formula explanations.  I have not protected the cells, so if you are not familiar with Excel, I suggest making a copy before working with the sheets.

Trade well...Live well.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
The file didn't upload the first time (probably operator head space.)  So hopefully it goes up this time.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
HI Clansman ! Dont want to steal ur show

But i can add that i found an great Spreadsheet which is very vers useful for me !

its made by Que and could be also usable for bunton!

It has DDE functions and lots of work was put in there ! its realy awesome

Hope its good to offer more choices

u can find it here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=1528166

just btw .. i also LOVE the incorporating idea

Have a great end of Trading week and a even greater weekend everyone !

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Clansman, for some reason when I open your file I get a bunch of code. How would I import this into excel?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #847 ---
I was able to make 20 pips on GBP/USD off a 30 min signal. Now I need to go to work.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
My ride is a little late here was the set up

http://img413.imageshack.us/img413/8...usd1np7.th.png

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Forex Factory doesn't support xls files, so I had to convert it to an xlm file.  When you are in your excel program go to Data, then XML and try the import option.  That should work (I hope.)

Trade well...Live well.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Hello AidanPryde,

Don't worry you are not stealing my show.  My worksheet is something I developed to help me ascertain my risks when increasing the number of lots to trade.  I posted it to help explain how I decide when to increase lots.

It is always good to offer more choices.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
I was wondering if this huge storm heading toward the Gulf would have any impact in the FOREX markets? Many oil platforms may be at risk of destruction and so how would this market react to this?

--- 帖子 #852 ---
I would be looking at Canada and the Loonie.  Since Canada produces a sweet crude, anything that affects oil production in the Gulf has the potential to put Canada in a better position (even if only in the short term.)  I would suggest watching the USD/CAD pair.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
reading and studying cornflower trading system

am i on the right page???

on the 1hour chart you decide trend and then you take trades that direction

determining TREND:

the 12/24ema`s below the 72ema= short entries

the 12/24ema`s above the 72ema= long entries

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Scouting for signals in EUR/JPY off 1hr chart out of consolidation range
EUR/CHF off 30 min

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Noticing the pairs I’m watching has been traveling in a sideways range. Unless I see bull power we shall sit on our hands and do nothing. EUR/USD might attempt to resume trend, but we shall see.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Well I'm going to sit out and wait. I just don't like the chart action and so I'll let those with deep pockets determine what shall happen. Being a cherry and all I'll watch from the bleachers.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Hello Farmhand,

When the 8/12/24ema's are stacked under the 72ema you are in a downtrend.  When they are stacked over the 72ema you are in an uptrend.

On some of the TF's, I will draw a Tom DeMark trend line to confirm the trend.  I also check the Daily long term trend.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Clansman, I just put USD/CAD in my charts and will watch for a while. The chart sure looks ugly..

--- 帖子 #859 ---
The London session opens at midnight ET.  Things should start to straighten out then.  If not tonight, then by Monday night we will see a direction for the charts.

Regarding the USD/CAD, there is a fight brewing between the Canadian government and the Province of Alberta (where the oil is squeezed from the sand) over control of the environment.  That has the potential for affecting the price of oil and the markets.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
I caught 2 nice moves one in AUD/JPY for 21 and EUR/JPY for 4 done for the day.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Well this CF system is awesome and thus far we have 14/0 in trades with signals from 30/60 min charts. I might not be setting the world on fire with amount of pips won, but consistancy might be important to trading. I've yet to trade the 5 min chart but once and did not feel right. I would say 95% of trades taken were off the 72mm signal line. If a signal hit and the chart action looked strong the trigger was pulled.

Well please don't think of this as bragging as this is not my intent. I'm a newby and so I've been excited to have found something that makes sense to me. I will chill out as most posts on this forum over the last week has come from me.

I owe the author of this thread a huge thanks!!!

I wish all much success and great trading!!!

bunton

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Please keep posting. I think most of us are interested in what other's are doing with CF.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Great work Bunton!  Slow and Steady increases the account.  Don't worry about the large runs (those will come in time if you so decide).....20 pips here and 20 pips there...adds up fairly quickly.

Keep posting,...it's always good to hear how someone is doing.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Hello friends,

I have been reading the first few pages of this thread and sounds interesting.  I am sorry to say that I did not quite get the entry and exit criteria (with the metaphors introduced by a respectable member) I got even more confused!

Can I please request one of you to kindly give me the simplest entry and exit criteria based on the EMA positions?  Is this similar to the 5/12/18/28 EMAs thingy?

From the charts I was not sure how some of you were entering /exiting the trade.  To state it simply, may I state it here and may be one of you could confirm /correct me:

Go Long when:

a)  8,12,24 EMAs are above 72 EMA.

b)  All three EMAs (8,12,24) are showing the same direction in their trends.

c)  Price is between 12 & 24 EMAs.

Reverse for Shorts...

TP could be 20 pips?

SL could be 10-15 pips?

Again, apologies for posting something that dumb here but I could not resist asking this ... esp. since reading 50 pages would take a while and the first few pages seemed like everyone here was all-knowing and I was the only stupid person around .

Thanks,

-A.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Great Job George....keep posting.  I'm Jealous.

MG

--- 帖子 #866 ---
apume, I think you got it but it might be worth your time to read Lever's pdf file. It will not take long to read it. You can save the pdf file to your desktop and continue to review it. She even has charts in it with great examples.

Not sure if this is correct or not but I have 6 pairs on my screens and how some of then act determines what I do when getting a signal. I also like looking at short term s/r areas. She did mention that in the pdf. Really take the time to read.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Mike, just beginners luck. My dog woke me up late last night and so I flipped on the pc and liked what I saw in AUD/JPY. I was joking with my wife and said my dog can wake me up anytime when she thinks the market is getting ready to move..hehe

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Thanks Bunton, I will go through all the pages and look for that pdf.  I haven't chanced upon it yet.

Regards,

-A.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Hi

I am very new to forex a have been watching this thread and it looks like this is where I want to be. With the meaning of whipsaws explained to me clearely by the market I think now I have adopted a bad habit which is fear, which replaced my greed. However I have evry reason to believe that cornflower is the answer to all my questions concerning this big market.

Just a few question I'd like some clearity on then I guess I'm my way to removing that fear which is preying on me day in and day out. Like I said I very new so please excuse my questions if they are that out in the open.

On the first chart there're few pullbacks then the tend resumed, now my question is: what do I do if price doesn't pullback to 12 and 24 EMA's do I leave alone? Because as you can see where I marked it didn't go as far but it resumed and moved enough for profit taking.

On the second chart, do I leave it alone and wait untill it starts getting the pullbacks? If you don't mind I'd like to full understand if this case is which one would say I wait untill price moves with authority above/below 72 EMA

Hopefully I was on the right track, but if I'm please feel free to puul me back.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Back again. I am watching this chart but somehow it looks like it hasn't decided yet, what do you think?

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Looking over my pairs I notice a sideways range and so this tells me to do nothing today and await for the market to make a move.

I've also placed any 30min signals on hold until the next TF gives direction.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
I could be wrong as we all view the playing field with different perspectives, but it has been a fact for me in the past that when I look for something my mind plays tricks and lets me see what isn't as if it is. This always cost me money in the past when trading equities.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I didn't take that trade, I also thought as much, just look at how bad the chart looks, I hope it wasn't fear keeping me out, as I am still new.Thanks again bunton, and you were right if you it's not too much to ask I was hoping you could help me follow this baby, I just want to see how am I doing so far. May the pips be with you.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
FX_Lane, I would rather not do this as you would not benefit. Study the CF and follow the plan. you might alter things to your taking and style. I just don't think following leads from forums teaches you how to trade. In fact 100 people could take the exact entry using a system and get very different results. Some would win and some would lose. Point is find what you are comfortable and run with it.

Since I'm talking about systems most newby's (ME) will not give a system enough time to run through different conditions. They might make a few bad trades and think the system is no good. It is not the system probably but market conditions. Next they jump into another system and the cycle repeats over and over again. This has a negative effect on capital and happens more often then we think..

As for not trading it has been said that cash is a position and nothing wrong with staying in cash if you see things don't look right with your pairs. We don't need to trade everyday and it happens I was off from work today and did not take a single trade. This tells me I might be learning discipline. If we as traders can exercise a little discipline we might be better off in the long run...

FX_Lane, great job on having the disipline to stay out..

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Clansman, I'm liking the chart action in usd/cad. We might be seeing a change in character..

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Well said!

--- 帖子 #877 ---
I see it has passed through my M2 pivot point at midnight (ET) last night and is currently testing the CPP (central pivot point.)  That's a 70 pip rise, and we still don't know which direction it is going to take when it breaks out of the Bear flag on the Daily chart.

Cornflower suggests it is going to keep going up.  The 8 and 12 ema"s are running a little close on the 15M and 5M for me, so I'll wait to take an entry.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Hi.... again....

This is third time i have read thru this thread.... but a stil don't get it. I stil don't understand when to enter a trade.

It seems to be very discrationary.... to say at least.... almost like the EMA's just showing the direction and "go-with-the-flow-when-ever-you-want".

I have read about bouncing of the 24 ema etc. But when? Shall i take position before the candle is closed? Seems strange to me anyway...

I'm intresteed in the conservative entry...

So i need the price to move into the area of 12 and 24 ema. But then what? Shall i just take a long position no matter what (if 8, 12 and 24 ema is over 72 ema) or shall i wait for the candle to close... and if it closes... then what...

As you can see i really don't understand how to trade this system. I do like that it's not mechanical, but there must be able to get more clear entry rules?

i.e: What to wait for berfore the correct sets up?

What to wait for when there is time to take the position.

Please some one... help me out here or do i really need to abandon this system?

I really would like to try this system out....

/ JoLi

P.S. I can't find the .pdf-file that Bunton speaks of... the only one i have seen is the .pdf-doc at http://forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=26596 but there's no chart's to explain there.... DS

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Here is an example as I interrupt the CF. we have USD/CAD it flagged a buy signal (aggressive) off the chart on the left. Now if you did not buy off the 30min chart you do nothing. The 1hr chart still does not have the proper EMA’s set up. Once the 24ema gets above the 72ema we now have a qualified uptrend and one can look to get long on a pullback. As for exact place to do so is up to the trader. So I think yes this system is discretionary. You decide if and when you get in based off the latest info you have on your charts. Can it be set up mechanically? Not sure as I would not do it.

http://img206.imageshack.us/img206/7...dcadkj5.th.png

JoLi, not sure where I found the PDF's but they are in the thread.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Jolimoney,

You can find the link to the PDF document that BStar compiled on the Cornflower system (complete with charts) in post #746 or another link in post #747.  They are on page 50 of this thread.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Hi ya Bunton,

thanks for these excellent words of wisdom, you've given me an answer to something i couldn't work out that has been destroying my confidence and my money....A HUGE thanks for putting this on here!!!!

Adrian

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hello mate, and first of all, well done for actually having the nerve to admit to all and sundry that you've been through this thread 3 times yet the method still mystifies you. A lot of newbies out there wouldn't have had the balls to do that, mate, quite honestly, and they'd have moved on to something else by now. So give yourself a pat on the back!

As for the method itself......the best thing about Cornflower is that, once you understand the simple rules, you can adapt it to your own way of trading. It's so versatile, I kid you not. The original rules basically say to trade pull-backs on the 1H charts and break-outs on the 30m charts, which gives you a good start. You can trade pull-backs after price has touched 24ema, 12ema or 8ema, depending on how fast and strong the trend is. A strong trend often gives the price no time to retrace to the 12ema, never mind the 24ema, before it's off again on its travels. So at time likes that, you have to be really on the ball to spot a pull-back to the 8ema. However, when the trade is a bit more pedestrian, then a nice pull-back to the 12 or the 24 is just the ticket to prepare you for entering what could be a nice trade.

On the 30min chart, watch for what looks like a trend change. The 8, 12 and 24, will all show signs of reversing, and when they do and cross the 72, that's your break-out, and a clear opportunity for a nice long or short trade, depending on direction.

I know that Felicia doesn't recommend this, but you CAN do all this on the 15min charts as well, but if she doesn't recommend it, then you can be sure that there's a good reason. However, by her own admission, it CAN be scalped on the 5min and the 1min charts, and I've proved that to myself just lately by joining in the action. Fast and furious, but a lot of fun!

Anyway, mate, just thought I'd offer you my own view on all this, but in the end, it's down to you and you alone how you handle it. It's a great system.....stick with it, adapt to it, and you'll never regret it, I promise.

Nevertheless, PLEASE read the pdf we've all been on about. It's an artform in itself!   Also, try and study as many charts as possible that people have posted, and try working out WHY they did what they did.   Best of luck, mate.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #883 ---
You can see by using the 1hr chart and having some patience you would have avoided a bad trade in USD/CAD..

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Bunton,

I'm glad I waited on trading the USD/CAD.  Shortly after updating my daily pivots last night at midnight ET, I watched the ema's line up for a downtrend.

Thanks again Lever,.....it's a great system.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Clansman..... eyevoltage..... Thanks

Really good info. I will go back to the post and indeed read the .pdf-files over and over again til i know every bit of this system.

Shall i wait for a close of the candle or just go go go as soon it toches the 24ema? I have allways learned and traded at close of the candle.

Regards / JoLi

--- 帖子 #886 ---
I've studied pdf file over the weekend and now to the charts.

This is my first paper trade on $JPY using the 1h chart to get a feel for it. Waiting for a pullback in between the 12 and 24MA. I was hoping for a touch of the 24MA but it came 2pips short. If I do understand this system correctly one could have put a entry order on the 24MA (buy limit order at 114.84).

Therefor I entered with market order (buy @ 114.88)) on the move away from 24MA in the direction of the move (upwards). I've closed the trade for 20pips profit.

I hope I am on the right track but that is how I understand it.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Today did not go very well and so we took a -25 pips on AUD/JPY. Ya can't win then all.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
My AUD/JPY trade was entered @ 92.54 and went down since entry. I used the 5 min chart and the problem was that price was not above the 50 ma. The pair took off after I got stopped out. It is tempting to chase the price but I did not do this. Amazing how I managed to take a hit when the price went up near 100 pips.. Well lesson learned was ensure ma's are in proper order before pulling the trigger. My thinking was correct but timing was off by about 10 minutes.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Hello again, mate.

My thoughts on this one is that it's always best to wait to see what the next candle is going to do.   You may get the price heading towards the 12 or the 24ema and sometimes it'll come to a grinding halt right on the MA, with the next candle showing signs of a definite reversal, which is what you want.  Other times, the next candle could carry merrily on in the same direction, crossing towards the 72ema.   At times like that, you have to wait for the price to come back across the 24ema before entering the trade.  Of course, nothing is guaranteed, but if it's gone into the 24-72 zone and reversed, then it's starting to look likely that it's going to provide a nice little trade.

Really, it's all about one's own judgement.  Watch the candles and try and read what they're tellling you.  With the Cornflower system, you don't need any indicators other than the candles, the MA's and (for me, at least) pivot points, with the odd trend line thrown in now and again.   Pivot points stop me from entering trades with bad Risk/Reward Ratios, but at the same time, give me clear targets to work towards.

Works for me, mate, and it'll work for you, once you've got a routine established.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Nice trade, me old mate.  I didn't know you were into this system, but it's a nice surprise to see the familiar looking charts popping up on the thread!!

Good luck, pal.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Wow when I miss them I sure miss them.. I could kick myself in the ****

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Hello pipskateer,

I have sent you an email through the forum's email system but just to make sure that my communication reaches you, here is my question (pasting my email):

"I came across one of your charts posted by you on CF thread. It has all the cool stuff right on the chart like - R1, R2, etc., timings at different markets, ADR, MACD, STR, EMA, etc. (in flat lines) and some other stuff.

I use MT4 as well and would really love to format my charts in that manner, could you please tell me how I can do that?

You can email me at apurvam [AT] gmail [DOT] com

Thanks,

-Apurva."

I will be expecting a reply from you .

Thanks again,

-Apurva.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Hi everyone !

Am trying today for the first time to trade life;

on a day like today ; GBP /US and EU/USD are in between the 12/24, but the EMA's are flattening out , do we trade or not?

would appreciate very much some help,

Thanks to all of you for your posts till now,

Vanupips

--- 帖子 #894 ---
http://img250.imageshack.us/img250/8215/36652352mj4.jpg

thanx to lever70 for a wonderfull system...

cheers.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Thanx again Eyevoltage!

I think i'm starting to understand this system. The system will tell you were the price most probably will go. If all MA's is over 72 ema there is more potential to a long trade....

Then one wait, wait and wait until the price takes a breather, and if it goes all the way back to 24ema there is a big oppuruoity (price goes to 12 ema i slightly less big opputonity) to take a position with a good price.

Wait until the next candle close to see were the price might go. If it goes against the trend.... then ofcourse don't trade.... if it goes with the trend then it is a go go go.

To spice things up a little one can use the 30 min chart to pin point the entry. One could also use the 5min chart to pin point the entry even more.

/ JoLi

--- 帖子 #896 ---
I went long on the AUD/JPY at 94.30.  Used a trailing stop of 50 pips and was finally stopped out at 95.50 for a 120 pip run.  Price has pulled back on the 5M and 15M charts, and just barely touching the 8ema on the 30M.  I am waiting to see if price will continue in the same direction and try to penetrate my M4 pivot, or if it is going to work its way back down.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Awesome job I just could not get a pullback on the 1 hr chart.. Man 120 pips is just great...

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Hello mate.

It looks as if you're getting there. However, just a couple of comments. Waiting for the next candle to close is up to you, mate. Some do and some don't. It's purely a matter of choice. The purists will tell you that waiting is the correct thing to do, but others will say no, get on board ASAP! My advice is to judge each case on its merits, and act accordingly. If the signals all look right to you, and you're feeling confident about the trade, then go for it. Otherwise, stay out and watch, entering only when you feel at ease with your decision. What is right or wrong to YOU is the only thing that matters when it comes right down to it.

Your end comments regarding using smaller TF's to pin-point entries is spot on. You're further along than you think, mate!

I'd like to suggest that you study all the charts you can get hold of, mate, so you can see where other people succeeded or failed. Go back to the "Trading Systems" page, scroll down to where "Cornflower 1hr method" is, and you'll see a little paper-clip. Click on that, and a new window will open with all the attachments that people have submitted since the thread began. LOADS of charts, I promise you! Study them and learn.

Take care, mate, and keep on keepin' on.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Really nice trade, mate. Can I ask you why you entered the trade at that particular point?  Was it because it seemed like a strong trend?  On my chart, it was right on the M3 line, so I'm wondering if you deliberately entered there, and targeted the M4 line?

Whatever the reasons, it was a nice profitible trade, and that's the main thing!

Well done, mate.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
http://img211.imageshack.us/img211/5945/68855568xq2.jpg

went long @ 1.3562

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Thanks Eyevoltage.

When I redid my daily pivots and analysis for this session, I noticed the main trend on the Daily chart was down with a smaller upward trend (possible Bear flag) and I had Histogram divergence, coupled with this pair coming off its lowest price in one year.  The Hourly chart had an up trend with MACD, price, and ema's pointed up, along with a pull back to the 8ema.  On the 15M chart, the trend was up while price was flat on the M3.  The 8 and 12 ema's were pointed down and I had a spinning top on the 24ema.

Price moved down from my M3 to half way between my M3 and CPP.  It then reversed and headed for the M3 where it stayed for awhile.   I waited to enter until price had convincingly penetrated the M3.  The ema's on the Hourly, 30M, 15M, and the 5M were also headed up (the 5M was not as clean as I would have liked, but it wasn't that much of a negative.)

When it did start moving, price went through my R1 and banged up against my M4.  I moved the trailing stop by hand as I went (I wanted to keep as much as possible.)  In hindsight, I should have probably closed the trade when it hit the M4.  Price action was running out of momentum.  Closing at the M4 would have given a profit of 170 pips.  But hey......hindsight is 20/20, and I'm happy with the 120 pips.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Great trade Clansman...I was with you and got out with 98 pips on the same pair.

You gota love this business. The market Goddess gave back a little and still let me get some sleep.

MG

--- 帖子 #903 ---
EUR/JPY is setting up nice on the M30 for a long.

I'll keep you posted

MG

--- 帖子 #904 ---
This is so so so off topic. And i'm truly sorry for that, but my quest for knowledge is much stronger than the will to be on topic :

Anyway.... I searched for Dr. Alexander Elder at google and ended up at his page. But please recommand me wich books to begin with.

Ok.... let's go back to topic....

/ JoLi

--- 帖子 #905 ---
I will see how it acts off the 24ema. I was wondering if this trend might be expired looking at that candle wick on the 1 hr chart? But for now it is still up

--- 帖子 #906 ---
I'm looking at a possible 30 min signal on USD/CAD but it needs more work.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Seems to be bouncing now I should change to 5 min chart?

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Looking at the 5m chart EUR/JPY is in a downtrend

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Here is a 5m chart of EUR/JPY. With CF system do we wait for all EMA's to get back into proper order? Or do we buy a channel break? I'm trying to get this 5m chart stuff..

Thanks

http://img46.imageshack.us/img46/4467/eurjpyil0.th.png

--- 帖子 #910 ---
OK looking now at GBP/USD for a channel break off 5m chart. EMA's about all converged.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Seems as if upper channel acting as Resistance a break above might be a bull thing I recon.
http://img513.imageshack.us/img513/1...usd1cb5.th.png

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Hello Clansman,

Very informative trade here!

As a noobie, can I request you to educate me and others on what analysis do you do in any of your sessions and how do you do it?

If you have already posted this info somewhere else, my apologies.. but please give me a link to it.  I have come across lots of e-books and tutorials on TA but nothing that is practical and coming from a live trader like you... so sincere requests if you could list up somethings that you generally do, platform you use, and where you get all your data from like the weekly, monthly, yearly S/R, etc.

Awaiting your guidance,

-A.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Hello Apume,

Out of respect for Lever, I am a bit hesitant to discuss other trading ideas on the Cornflower thread.  That being said, I believe I can state how I blend the Cornflower system into my trading psyche.

First I would recommend you read the following threads here on the forum;

Jacko's Forex house of pleasure and pain.  The first page really gives you his system in a nutshell, however I highly recommend reading the entire thread.

Second read Phillip Nel's 5Min Intraday System.

How I trade.  When I am deciding which pairs to trade, I put up three charts; Daily, Hourly, and 15M.  Each chart has the four Cornflower ema's 8,12,24, and 72 (weighted more heavily towards the most recent price action.)  I also have a MACD with the standard default settings of 12,26,9.  Before we go any farther,  Let me make one thing clear about the MACD...I use the MACD for divergence only.  It is a lagging indicator and cannot be used to make entry decisions.   OK,....now that I have that out of the way, here's how I analyze the charts.  I start with the Daily.  First I look at the trend and the Cornflower trend to see the long term direction.  Next I look for divergence between price action and MACD, and the Histogram.  Divergence in the MACD or its Histogram may indicate a new direction for price.  I also look to see if there are any telltale candle patterns such as a new high or low, double top or bottom, head and shoulders, triangle, etc..  After finishing the Daily, I move to the Hourly chart.  I then go through the same procedure I did on the Daily chart.  After finishing the Hourly chart, I move to the 15M chart.  I do the same on the 15M chart as I did on the Daily and the Hourly charts.  However, I also take into consideration where price is in relation to my pivot points on the 15M chart.  I do this with all the pairs I follow.  When I am watching for a trade opportunity, I watch the 5M and 15M charts, since a retracement will start with the lower TF charts.  Once I see a retracement starting on the 5M and 15M charts, I then begin paying more attention to the 30M chart.  Depending on how it looks, I will either trade off the 30M chart or wait for the retracement on the Hourly chart.  Once you develop the feel for the Cornflower system, I believe you will find it to be a very solid trading system.

While I cannot tell you what will work for you, I hope the above is useful in your search for your own way.  One last thing,....trading the Forex is part art, part science,........and its more art than science.

Good luck on your learning curve,...may it be swift and profitable.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Sometimes patience and a little begging gets her to respond better than the sight of the Claymore! Though the Claymore looks cooler.

As one MacGregor to another,....Ard Choille!

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Good evening everyone!

This is my first post here, so please go easy.  I couldn't help but notice the simple logic of this method, and I've been trading it manually for a little while now.  I didn't notice (although I could have missed it) that anyone posted an EA for this system.  I hope I'm not in the wrong thread, but I thought I would give it a go and see what people thought.  I am by no means a programmer, and I had extensive help with this.  I was wondering if someone could back test it and maybe we can compare notes later on.  I find this system very intriguing, as I also like to play the 1 hr timeframe for my personal style.  I haven't specified any currency pairs this might work best with in the code since I am still just feeling this one out.

Hope this reaches everyone with an open mind, and a fist full of pips..cheers!

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Hey Bunton,

Did you notice the USD/CAD dropped 129 pips last night after the London open?  We discussed it, but I went with the AUD/JPY instead.  I'll be watching it tonight to see if it is thinking about a repeat performance.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Clansman, I did see that and missed my signal today. Wow what I move. I've been playing the JPY pairs today trying to build my skills using the 5m charts. For this I'm in demo mode and made 45 points, but I would panic when price got over the BB Band. I'm thinking it might be best if I just use the 5 min for entry and then move to a higher TF.. What ya think?

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Hello Clansman,

Sincerely appreciate your effort to describe the details of your approach... see the thing is that by profession I am an engineer, so somehow until things are described in steps or in some details - they do not go into my head!  So really, thanks!  I have already read a good part of Phillip Nel's 5 min system... so I could make some sense out of your advice  ... yet to read Jacko's system.

While I certainly do not doubt the CF system, I have been playing with it for about 2-3 days now and some times it has given me demo pips and some times taken away from me.  So I got confused as to what is wrong about my thought process and really wanted to know how others go about the exercise... agreed that its an art and more of art than science!

I am sure this methodology suggested by you will benefit me going forwards and other newbies around here as well... but it sounds like you keep watching the charts most of the time, so if I may ask are you a day trader or do you have a day job?

Also, I have a question about GBP/USD ... I kinda saw the long term (daily) trend of the cable this morning (I am on west coast - CA) and decided to go long (demo) ... ever since then it is ranging ... and as I write this, it still is.

I do not think I entered at a very bad point - but if I may ask you and others around here ... what would you suggest as a worth time during the 24 hours to sit and focus on trades for someone on the west coast?  From my readings and understanding, it seems that sometime 11 pm to 1 am is one window and another one is from 6 am to 9 am in the morning.  If anyone could kindly clarify that - I'd appreciate it .

Thanks Clansman & Lever and others, all I can say is - what a community!

Look forward to learning more and more and more ...

-A.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Hey Bunton,

I use the Cornflower 8,12,24,and 72 ema's on my 5M chart.  Retracements start to happen on the lower time frame charts.  I use the 15M charts for trade entries and exits (less whipsaws.)  I use the 5M charts to clarify any rapid price action on the 15M charts.  One of the things I look for is a consistency of the ema's between the Hourly, 30M, 15M, and 5M charts.  I also use my pivot points to see where price is on the charts (pivot points are like working with a topo map...it lets you see the terrain in advance.)

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
When I started trading, I had a day job (one that required I work a 12 hour day and be on call 24/7 to handle any client problems) and was only able to do one trade a day.  I now trade full time.  Yes I am a day trader now, however, I have been looking into switching into long term trades.

I live on the West Coast as well.  I trade the Asian and London sessions.  Tokyo opens at 1600 PT and London at 0000 PT.  The Asian session is not as volatile as the London session.  There is action around the London session opening most days (usually around 2300 PT to 0100 PT.)  Another active time is between 0500 PT and 0900 PT.

The markets are going to be a little squirrelly now (I have attached a couple of links from the forum that give analysis on what is expected in the markets.)

http://www.forexfactory.com/news.php?do=news&id=43992

http://www.forexfactory.com/news.php?do=news&id=4397

http://www.forexfactory.com/news.php?do=news&id=44009

These are located on the Forex Factory calendar page.

I hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Many thanks indeed for your most interesting and informative reply to my query regarding your AUD/JPY trade yesterday.

I hope you don't mind, but I've saved your reply, along with your equally interesting response to Apuma, to a separate file so that I can peruse it at my leisure.

Thanks again, mate.  Honestly, the kindness and willingness to help the less knowledgeable on these forums sometimes takes my breath away.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Clansman, thank you sir..

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Thanks a ton maite!

Really appreciate your responses

BTW, I got ma first major demo pipfall (like rainfall, snowfall, etc.) ... as I write this, I am +77 pips on EUR/USD.

I am thinking that I will let it remain with an SL of (Price - 25) over the weekend and see what happens as the new week starts.  How has the week been for others around here?

Thanks everyone, have a great weekend!

-A.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Hi ya everyone,

I was wondering if there was a template for this method that i could load onto MT4 or if someone could please load one up for me it would be much appreciated thank you..

Adrian

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Hello buddy,

While there may be other templates for CF around, here is what I use... feel free to load it to MT4 and play around with it...

Enjoy!

-A.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
apume, that is awesome. I only took one trade  late last night in USD/CAD for 27. WOW those JPY pairs have been on fire.. I'm in caution mode on the JPY's right now. Daily shows retrace and not sure if another leg down is looming. Anyone care to comment on the JPY pairs?

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Hi ya Apume,

Brilliant thanks for that ....

Just wondering do you add any thing else to the chart when you trade or do you leave it nice and simple like that and trade only from that information on the chart? also would you change the time frame on that chart to a 15min etc.. before you trade from that or stick to the 1 hour only for every thing?

BIG thanks,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Hmmm... looked at it and you are right!  They are just going crazy... from the little reading that I have done ... I can notice one thing which is - the downtrends are big and sudden whereas the uptrends are gradual and taking some effort!

Someone had suggested that during this kind of behavior it is better to trade the trend which shows a stronger behavior (downtrend in this case).  Experts out there - any comments?  Folks who are good at fundamentals - any comments?

I still think that as best practice dictates, we can make some pips out of the daily trends and going to shorter TFs... what say guys?

-A.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Maite,

Go up a few posts and follow Clansman's advice - that sounds very logical and promising.

Although I should not be polluting this thread with my experiments ... for this particular EUR/USD trade that I took - I looked at the daily, 4H, 1H, 30M, 15M and 5M charts... Long'ed at a pullback and put a big enough SL and let it run through the night... the morning was demo-happy!

I should tell you one thing though - like most experts leave their computer (or so it seems to me) and are confident that CF will work - I was watching the price action like every hour or so and for quite some time the price was just dilly dallying around a certain point during Asian session... before and during the London session the EUR/USD shot up! So while you may be seeing the price go down a bit, go up a bit and do that salsa dance - it could be readying up for some acrobatics!

Although I see the EUR/USD coming down, I still have the urge to wait it out over the weekend and see what happens to it, which I should not be doing even if its a demo account - but sometimes, I break rules .

More ranting when I gain/lose some more pips

Take care,

-A.

PS: To answer your question - I do look at all possible TFs leaving the chart clean like that for all of them.  The only one additional thing that I sometimes put in is the Zigzag indicator which kinda gives you some visual direction of the trend flow, but that is not prescribed by CF.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hi ya Apume,

Thank you very much once again for your help and advice ,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Your welcome eyevoltage.

Anything I say on this forum becomes public property.  If you want to save a post for your own use, go ahead,...after all, it belongs to you.

As the man said...."Cast your bread upon the waters, and it will come back a thousand fold."  Most people don't understand...he wasn't talking about soggy bread.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
I am learning too... so chip in and we all will together grow our learning.  To be honest with you... I started into FX with the intention of earning money (am sure others do so too)... but as I started reading more about the "life" that a pair has, its movements, its habits, its quirks, its choices, its everything - I got more interested in the math, in the context of the pair and in the beauty of the game more than anything else...

I haven't earned any real money... only gained and lost some demo pips, but nevertheless, I am intrigued by the liveliness of these supposedly non-living currency pairs!

Lets get into the world of these pairs, understand them and then I am sure - they will certainly be friendlier to you than ever before .

Take care buddy, have a good weekend!

-A.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Well said!

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Hi,

I realy enjoyed going through this excellent thread  with all the valuable inputs. Thank you Lever for sharing your strategy.

Just wanted to add my small input which I use with this setup just to give me exit and re-enter points to gain the most of a trend.

I added the "Signal Line" indecator. I enter with the rules of the CF on the Hour and keep an eye on the "Signal Line" on the 30min for any change in direction. When in a Long trade, I'll TP and exit at the change in direction on the signal line on 30min (color change should stay for at least one candle).

I'll wait until price bounces from any EMA and "re-enter" again.

Chart with explanation attached.

http://i6.photobucket.com/albums/y23...g?t=1188057928

Happy pipping.

TS

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Hello

I am newbie and am thru page 15 reading ur thread. I think this is the system that i'm going to learn till i'm good enough at it. No more looking or trying evry system that i came across out there.

Sorry English is not my mother tongue. Good work and keep up the good work

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Welcome arhemsi,

That is wise of you to settle on a system and study it until you are comfortable trading with it.  Once you have mastered one system and made it part of you, then you can add or take away from it as suits your trading style.

Lever70's Cornflower system is very good system for trending and ranging markets.  It is simple and very clean in its approach to trading.

Good luck with your studies.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Nice to see everybody taking benefit of this strategy.i shall like to learn it too.

Going thru this thread i have found things  very jumbled up.The things whichi have been able to make out is as follows

1) if all ema's cross 72ema  down take short and if they cross above take long  (though i am not still clear of exit when to exit or where to place tp limit)

2)if trend is up and price line falls to 12 or 24ema  take long too  or vice versa in case of short but here too exit strategy maybe seeing when peice has reached to 8ema is exit.

signal line indicator looks great( to trendspider) does it alone encompasses all aspects of this strategy ?

I certainly like to learn  if anybody can summarize in one post  i will be obliged

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Slow weekend... kind of bored, so I'll stop lurking and come out of the bushes and I'll try taking a crack at this question...

This system doesn't react to EMA crosses.  It reacts to price action in relation to EMAs and uses EMA position to dictate trend.  While it's true that short EMAs crossing up through the 72 EMA would signal the beginning of an uptrend, nothing is done unless price action confirms a bullish move (i.e. a strong bull candle on the 30 min chart piercing the 72 EMA with the other EMAs above the 72 EMA would be an aggressive buy signal)

As I interpret it, there is no "indicator" that encompasses this system.  In fact, this system is an indicator free system that is controlled by price action and trend, with all signals being based on price action alone.  I have no idea what the "signal line indicator" is, so I could be wrong, but you really don't need an indicator to make this system work for you.

If you're still not getting this, I suggest you reread the posts again... slowly... (especially the ones written by Felicia) because I think they are VERY clearly written.

That aside, I'd like to thank Felicia for reintroducing me to a slightly more "purist" method of trading.  It's been years since I've started trading and somewhere along the way, I found a path that led me away from my "purist" trading methods and started relying on indicators to make decisions for me.  After finding this thread, I've regained my interest in watching price bars and am going back to my old ways.  Cheers!

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Hello mansaf6,

I would suggest downloading the PDF document BStar compiled from the writings on this thread.  It does an excellent job of explaining the Cornflower system (complete with charts.)  The Document can be found on page 50 in Lever70's post #746, and jafar00's post #747.  I have linked the page below.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=26205&page=50

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Hope all is well with everyone. I'm looking at a possible CF trying to forum on USD/CAD.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
All is well in Cornflowerland!  How can it not be?  We have a system that works in ANY market condition.  Especially if you take a fundamental picture analysis and combine it with a long-term technical view and don't trade against the 1H Cornflower trend (unless playing the 30 min Initial approach).  By following the entry rules of this system, making pips is easy!  With practice and discretion, you can even begin to take many more than the 20 pips prescribed to beginners.  Do your due diligence by reading all you can about the world economy, get a feel for the marketplace, and then just play Cornflower.  It's that easy.

With Cornflower I can play any pair, at any time, in any global market condition.  What's not to like?

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Hi mate,

Thanks for your CF2 EA, i just download,

But i'm not understand how to change and use all the parameter,

could you explain at here ?

If i not change the parameter default value, i will see the optimization result, but when i change it, the result disapear while i run the test !

I'm very interested of your EA and want to try the result at strategy tester.

If, i may give some input for your EA, may you show up the in & out signal at the chart, then we will sure where the EA enter and exit, this is also usefull for test the EA.

I'm never use EA before http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon10.gif

Thanks a ton Mate ! http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

WS168

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hi mate,

May let me know, actually what indicator you use at this ?

and what's mean for each parameter ? can i change the parameter value ?

Actually i already attach to my chart, but i quest only for know the short term direction, am i right mate?

WS168

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Hey Clansman thanks for the heads up on the 15m chart. It has been working well for me as of late. In fact I have been using it for entry in accordance to CF 1 hr pull backs..!!

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Cool.....I'm glad I was able to be of help.  Keep rolling in those pips my friend.  The better you get,....the closer your dreams get.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
very nice.

can anyone turn this into an indicator that just shows color in a separate window so it doesnt have to be overlayed on the price graph? thx in advance.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Hi FX Ninja. This is just a Linear Regression Line with 10 periods on the close.

My Charting package allows me to put it down below.

MG

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Hi fx_ninja. The nature of the system requires that the EMAs be on the price graph. How would you know the price has pulled back to the 12ema if the EMAs are on a separate window? Sure, a separate window would show the trend, but you wouldn't know where to enter.

The best advice for trading Cornflower is Patience. One of the people in my chatroom sometimes doesn't take a CF trade for days, just waiting for the perfect setup, then he goes and takes several hundred pips in one go at the end of the week, then goes off grinning like a Cheshire Cat to count his money.

This week it was the jpy pairs. Friday was a bit of a CF goldmine. I took 225 pips myself on u/j, e/j and g/j. I could have got more, but I wasn't quick enough to grab entries on the other jpy pairs.

To maximise profit is simple. Just wait for the properly stacked EMAs at 30-60 degrees to show up, then just trade the pullbacks.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Good morning,

I have been loving this system for a while now, and I've tried some tweaking of my own.  I know that some people use the 30 min charts, but that is a little choppy for my trading style.  I have recently switched to a system where I use EMAs at 18 and 72, and I  buy/sell when the 18 crosses the 72;  much like the original Corn Flower but a little faster to respond than the 24 EMA obviously.  I know this may cause more false positives, but I'm looking for long runners of 100+ before I jump the gun and close it out.  I have been using a trailing stop and stop loss that is pretty loose so I don't have to watch it all day.  I also turned this into an EA and I'm just testing it out now. I mainly use the EA to open, but I am usually around enough to make a judgement call on whether or not I just want to tuck tail and take profit before a call drops back to my trailing stop. ...Just my two cents, I welcome any suggestions to maximize this system.

Question:  Are there any pairs that you tend to stay away from?  It could be because they run sideways alot, or whatever reason, I'm just trying to get a feel from experience.

Trade smart, thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
more perfect setups

http://img294.imageshack.us/img294/4355/92336730nx8.jpg

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Keep posting 'em, mate.  We don't see enough chart examples on here, for some strange reason.   They're very useful for those who aren't quite sure what constitutes a good entry signal.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Hello folks, I'd like some input on sumfin I've been playing with. On the 15M charts using the CF with 8-24EMA I've been playing with a Channel band. It seems to have a look about it I like. Place a 24EMA (High), and 24 EMA (Low). One could use the 24 EMA High as a trigger and 24 EMA low as stop. I have not tried this but would like members input as too what you think?

Thanks

edit: this extra 24 H/L band is in conjunction with the normal CF 8/24 on chart already..

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Here is a chart example showing trigger line for both long/short. We only take trades in direction of the 1hr chart. What I like is that it defines your r/r. Notice how we used prior resistance as target. Another important thing I'm seeing is one needs to use caution anytime price fails to make a higher high and stalls.

The channel is a look back over last 24 bars. The short signal would not be taken as it is not in order of the 1hr chart. I just wanted to show what it might look like.

http://img214.imageshack.us/img214/2554/expnx8.png

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Hi WS168, Can you please send me the CF2 EA...I must have missed it here on the forum.

Thanks...MG

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Tried the channel thing on GBP/USD. It did pop over 13 pips and thing stopped me out for 5.

http://img212.imageshack.us/img212/3...e992007or0.png

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Hi Matrixxdg here is the link from slade15342   http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=915

Any way i will also put my download here.

I will very appreciated while Someone can explain how to test this EA, thanks for advance.

WS168

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Hi WS168,

I will give it a try on my MT4 platform. I recently subscribed to a really nice, inexpensive charting package, about $50.00 per month. They have some very easy code to use if you want to create custom indicators.

Well my first attempt seems to be working. I created 2 indicators that show when the 8ema crosses the 72 on a BUY and also when the 72 crosses the 8ema going SHORT.

I then attached an alert to the chart that notifies me when the cross happens either way.

I'll let you all know how it works.

Interested in the Charting Package, send me a PM and I'll let you know.... I don't make anything on the deal, just want to pass on some quality products when I find them.

I don't want to get in trouble you know, so PM me.

Mike G

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Hi Slade15342,

I am very interested in what you set your Trailing Stop to? I usually use ATR on a 15M chart X2 to set my Stop Loss, but have been hesitant to use a trailing stop for fear of being stopped out before I get going. I usually set a TP of 10-15 pips, but have been leaving allot of pips on the table lately.

Any input would be appreciated by YOU or for that matter ANYONE.

Thanks in advance.

Mike G

--- 帖子 #959 ---
slade15342, can you tell us how to use this EA?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
It seems like this thread has been quiet for relatively long time now in terms of particular successes with the Cornflower system. Is there any reason for that?

Also, what has happened to Lever70? She hasn't made a post on this thread since August 15th ... 4 weeks ago! Could there be trouble in Cornflower land??

--- 帖子 #961 ---
I would say not. I guess it is not just necessary to post every trade trying to impress someone. This system is what it is and works for me. I guess the more posts a thread gets the better the system must be?

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Lever70's day job is as a college prof.  I would suspect preparing for the new semester is part of the reason for no posts.

As for the system,...it works!  By the way, I've been looking at using this system for position trades on the 4H chart.  Has anybody else looked at using Cornflower on that TF?

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Hello everyone.  I have been lurking around the forum for quite a long time reading and learning.  I really like and actually understand this method (Thanks Lever70!).  I do however have one question for everyone who has been trading this way.  I don't really see much discussion of which currency pairs everyone is watching for setups.  In the initial post Lever said :

"With the possible exception of EURGBP, any pair that involves two of the seven major currencies should be tradable with this system."

Is everyone finding this to be the case?  Why not the EUR/GBP?  I was just wondering which pairs everyone is trading.

I sit in front of a PC most of the day for work so this method is a good one for me as I can watch the charts.  Just want to know which pairs to set up and watch.

Thanks to everybody for all the great input and ideas and I hope to be able to contribute as I start to demo trade this system.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
The EUR/GBP has very little movement.

I personally like the AUD/JPY and the GBP/JPY.  Both will move quite a bit, however, their spreads are greater (7 pips and 9 pips respectively with my broker,) which seems to turn some traders off.  The EUR/USD, GBP/USD. USD/CAD, USD/CHF, and the USD/JPY are all good candidates for Cornflower.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Ahhh...makes sense.  I haven't picked a broker yet as I am still demo trading (strat-builder-fx demo and oanda demo) but will probably go with oanda once I do begin trading live and they have decent spreads.  Thanks for the reply.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Yes me. Still looking.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
I have recalibrated the EMAs according to the blue notes on a 4H chart. I have also attached a picture for clarification.

Any thoughts?

The example shows an impressive 900 pips on GJ

Regards

bullrock

--- 帖子 #968 ---
I live on the West Coast of the States and trade the London and Asian sessions (needless to say,...I don't get much sleep) and lately I've been considering switching to position trading.

Thanks for posting your recalibrations for the 4H TF.  I will be looking at them over the weekend, and will post (or PM if you prefer) any questions or thoughts.

Have a good weekend all.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
You are not alone. I also treat this as a 24 business.  . Well based on this we should have only 3/4 trades a month. Have a look at it.

I have included a template for the 4H settings.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Thanks for posting your template.

I took a cursory look at the chart.  It  appears you are using the RSI as confirmation to enter.  Are you also using it for your exit strategy?

The same (or greater profit) with less time on the charts is definitely a goal worth pursuing.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
I do all sorts of funny things with RSI. Pattern recognition, trendlines, support resistance, divergence... Yes I do use for exit and I use it for additional entries or for reentries...

--- 帖子 #972 ---
But its the full stochastics that you can see on the screen I use it for catching overboght/oversold levels. So for instance I have a cornflower setup for entry but the stoch is way out of sync i do not buy or sell i wait until it cools down or just enter with a small position

--- 帖子 #973 ---
The triangles are the possible entries supported by the stochs. and the 30EMA. I would buy when the price bounces back from the 30EMA or the 15EMA and the stoch approaches the oversold level. Ellipse is the exit...

--- 帖子 #974 ---
The other half was missing..

--- 帖子 #975 ---
What settings do you use for your stoch. thanks

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Hi All,

I have been using the cornflower for awhile and doing very well. I have the ability to trade during the day and was looking for a Intraday type style.

Well here is what I have been using for the past 2 weeks with great success and thought I would share.

I am using the cornflower setup on a 10 minute chart with the following criteria:

Set up a 10M chart with the Cornflower EMA’s

On your chart, set an alert to signal when the 24 ema crosses the 8 ema AND a second alert when the 8 ema crosses the 72 ema. This covers all of your bases.

For a successful trade, make sure the 8, 12, 24 ema’s are moving in the direction of the move with about a 20% angle or more. The more aggressive the angle of the ema’s the better the possibility of a successful trade and no reversal.

Also, the candle has to be moving UP or DOWN aggressively. The crossing of the 8ema and the 24ema will happen almost immediately at the beginning of the new move.

I ride the move until I see the first close of a red candle on the BUY or a green candle on the SELL, then I get out. Or, I use the RENKO chart to determine when the move has stopped.(Not allot of charting packages have RENKO, mine does, and I love it)

I know this is not how cornflower was originally designed by Lever70, but it's working for me for intraday trading.

MG

http://www.tradecore.us/images/audjpy.gif

--- 帖子 #977 ---
bullrock.

I have attached 2 4H charts.  The first is with your ema calculations based on a week period, and the second is with ema's calculated on a 24 hr period.  My goal was to see if we could pick up moves earlier.

My ema settings are 2, 3, 6, and 18.  At first blush, it appears to give earlier entries.  After looking at the charts for awhile this weekend, I am thinking maybe the 3ema should be changed to a value of 4 to give a bit more separation from the 2ema.

When looking at the charts, please note the vertical line is set at 0000 hours ET on 10 September.  The white arrows indicate entries I would not hesitate to take.  The blue arrows are what I would consider a little more aggressive entries.

Please note the 2 and 10 ema's are yellow on my charts, however, they do not appear to be that color on my preview.

Let me know what you think.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Matrixxdg,

I'm a bit confused on the exit.  On your sell move, why did you wait until the fifth green candle to exit?  On the buy move, the second red candle is a spinning top.  Was that part of your reasoning for exiting the buy move?

Are the horizontal lines your pivot points? If so, then that would explain the exits.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Yes the horizontal lines are my pivot points. I have been using the RENKO chart set at .01 for my exits with really good success.

MG

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Great trades, Matrixxdg!

I tested RENKO (downloaded from FXDD MT4 indicator list - see attached) on my MT4 chart with papamter set at standad 40 but it doesn't give any meaningful info and it's in a separate window. On your chart RENKO looks like draw the S/R lines on the main window and the papamter set is rather small at 0.1 - maybe we are talking about a different animal?

Can you, or anyone on this forum, clarify?

Thanks in advance. RS

--- 帖子 #981 ---
bullrock,

After using the 4H TF charts with your ema settings side-by-side with mine, it became painfully obvious that my settings were to close together (gave me a headache looking at the chart.)

In my early days, I used a half dozen indicators (instead of price action and trend) to make my trading decisions.  I eventually settled on using the MACD (for divergence and histogram divergence) and an MA or two.

I used two MACD settings for this chart.  The first is 12/100/9 from TKimble's thread "12_100_9 Trending System."  For the second, I used 5/13/1 from cornelius2's thread "Trading in 8 pairs."  Laying the 5/13/1 over the 12/100/9 allows me to pick up the histogram divergence quickly.  What I didn't expect was the 12/100/9 to cross before the 10ema crossed the 15ema (it does it on all currency pairs I follow.)   I realize the MACD is not part of the Cornflower system, however, I use the divergence to help plan my entries and exits along with pivot points.

I would like to hear your thoughts on this.

Regards,

Clansman

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=42329

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=45176

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Hi everyone. Clansman is right; the start of a new term is always a very busy time for me, and I have not been paying much attention to the thread or the markets in general. There's nothing wrong with Cornflower. The system is sound and has continued to yield consistent profits. I will try and chime in more frequently. However, I have not felt a need to post regularly of late because of the excellent contributions that many of you continue to make. Please keep up your good work.

One thing: please try and avoid sending me PMs. It is hard enough to keep up with the thread, and there really isn't anything that can't be shared publicly.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Hi lever,

The point of my previous post was to point out how nobody lately - for a while now - has talked about their successes with the Cornflower. I see a lot of posts of people trying to make the Cornflower better (by using various indicators, ect.), but very, very few posts of late telling of any successes they've had with the CF system. I had found that odd because I figured people would be happily posting their successes, instead of posting of ways to make the CF work better.

I'm not making any allegations that the CF doesn't work, I'm just curious for the reasons I've stated.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
I know you weren't. CF continues to work. We've had a number of choppy days in the markets recently, but all you have to do is look at the current GBPUSD chart to confirm the continued viability of the system. I can only speculate as to why others are not posting about successes. I myself have not been trading, so there's my reason.

The key to trading CF successfully is the elimination of guesswork. If you can't tell for sure that the entry fits the pullback rules, stay out. The best signals occur when the 3 shorter averages fan out unambiguously. Just wait until price pulls back to the short EMAs, and then enter.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
What's going on with all the talk about indicators recently?  Have you guys not been having success with the original CF setups?

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Hi,

Thought I would share my thoughts with you all. I started learning to trade

almost a year ago.  Reading lots of books and learning from anything and everything available on the net.   I love FF and all the wonderful people that have shared their knowledge on the forum.

Mostly, I was confused and almost gave up a few months ago.  I just couldnt get on the right side of trades (except by accident!!) and didnt know how to use multiple time frames.   ANyway, I learned on FF NOT TO GIVE UP NO MATTER WHAT.    Finally I found this system (and Phillip Nell's too) which are similar.    I LOVE CF.   I don't know what happened, but I began to see more clearly just what was going on.

My quest has also been for true simpliticy-- price action and MAs.   Everything you need to know is in CF  if you just learn to read it and trust it.    I learned too the value of patience , and waiting for the set up.   It pays off.   Thank you Felicia and everyone who added to this thread from   which I have learned so much.   One day soon, I hope to tell my real money success here.  For now, I know I am on the right track and will hone my skills.         Thank you again and again.

trademeister

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Hi Quickdraw,

I don't know why traders are not posting their successes with cf on this thread. I do know however, that this system is succesful . Take a look at this chat room http://www.rebatefx.com/chat.php I personally trade alongside these guys most days using only the cf system.

Hope this helps.

by the way, thanks lever70 for a great system.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Hello All,

I have attached the 1H, 30M, 15M, and 5M charts for a trade made today.  Went long at 231.50 and TP at 233.62 on 5 lots.  The white arrows mark the entry point and the blue arrows the TP on all four TF's.

The MACD is there strictly for divergence and histogram divergence which I use along with pivot points to make my entries and TP.

Trading is part art and part science,...more art than science.  The CF system helps perfect the artist in the trader.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Nice work, bullrock.  I have never traded off 4H charts because you can't time entry points with the precision that I am used to.  That doesn't mean it's not worth looking into.  Looking at these EMA values, it seems that the pullbacks are not as deep or predictable, so it may be difficult to pinpoint exactly where to enter.  The other thing is that the longer your timeframe, the wider your stop must be.   I am guessing somewhere in the neighborhood of 100 pips on GBP pairs and perhaps 70 pips on others.  If you look back in time, you will see that these pairs will go a considerable distance against you before netting delicious profits.  And also, when trading longer timeframes, you must absolutely hold for the gains of several hundred pips.  Otherwise you can't make up for the big losses.  Patience pays.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
lever70, what do you think of the nice spread of the EMA's on many pairs? I think this means a possible strong trend with chances to buy on some dips?

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Clansman, nice job.. I'm not familiar with macd.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Of all the indicators out there, the MACD is closest to price because it is a function of the distance between moving averages.  My beef with it is its tendency to lag price action.  However, Alexander Elder has made a good case for the power of MACD divergences on longer-term charts.  Though I am averse to indicators, if something shows promise I will not dismiss it out of hand.

Phillip Nel has a very nice 4H system based on the 5-13-1 MACD.  I suggest reading up on it.  There might be a way to combine his insights with Cornflower into something that is tradeable.  However, I am not sure what you're doing with the other MACD.  It appears to mimic the action of the shorter moving averages on the chart.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Trying CF with a demo account has not gone well for me. I went for the 5 pips per day using 5% risk per trade. Most losses were because trying to force a set-up and not waiting for price on the hourly chart to pullback into the CF-zone.. Now because of the risk and my lack of experience my demo account is 1/2 of what it was.

Nothing wrong with the CF but this operator needs his head space and timing checked out. I've just not been doing well with a 5min chart for some reason. I'm sure glad I was in demo mode and will continue my test but will be using fewer lots per trade.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
That is exactly what it means.

The best trends are indicated by a nice liftoff or descent of the short EMAs from the 72 EMA.  If the angle of separation is not clearly visible, then we have stagnant price action, and a lower-probability setup.  I do not take trades unless the short EMAs have clearly separated from the 72 EMA.  When we get the inevitable pullback, we should have a clearly identifiable trend in place.  These are the only conditions under which we should take a CF trade.  NOT when the short EMAs have yet to cross over the 72 EMA, or when they have kinda sorta crossed.  Don't guess and don't force trades.  Wait for the best entries.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
The 5 min entry was not intended for beginning traders.  Shorter TF trading can be very difficult.  You have to act fast and be prepared to bail quickly if your trade does not work out.  And risking 5% is simply too much.  I would stick to the 1H timeframe.  I have always insisted that you can trade the original hourly system on its own because the EMAs act as indicators of different time frames.  I am glad you are doing this on demo.  Take smaller positions, but hold for bigger gains.  This means wider stops also, but I think you will have greater success this way.  Read through the PDF again, clear your head, and give it another go.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Lever70, thanks for your encouragement. I was getting ready to smash my PC. It was like everything I was going long on would crash and everything I'd sell short would break out. Now another learning point as I reviewed my trades the market was in a chop.. I learned this action can chop out my account real fast.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Oh I'm a thinking we might see some P/B's into the CF/Zone tonight on several pairs..

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Thanks bunton.  It's not too often I get a trade that runs that long.  It sure feels good when they do.

MACD stands for Moving Average Convergence / Divergence.  It shows the difference between a fast and slow ema (set to close.)  It also has an ema which is the signal line.  The standard settings are 12 (fast ema,) 26 (slow ema.) and 9 (signal line.)  Another component is the histogram.  It is there to help show when the MACD and signal lines are crossing.

MACD is designed to show trend changes, however, it is really too slow to be used in forex trading.  I use it for divergence and histogram divergence.  For example, divergence happens when price action makes a new high and MACD is heading the other direction.  This indicates that there is the possibility that the upward trend is slowing down and maybe turning.

I posted a link for Answers.com.  Click on the link and type MACD in the search window, and it will give you more detailed information.

http://www.answers.com/

Regards,

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Clansman, great link and explanation of the macd.. thanks for posting it. I have herd about a macd but never set it up on my charts. I swing trade equities and don't use any indicators or moving averages. But this is all done from a daily chart and so working with anything less then a daily has been a challenge for me.

Tonight I've done 3 trades AUD/JPY closes with a profit. Current open trades are EUR/USD long and USD/CHF short. They did not pull back as much as I'd like but the 5 min chart was telling me a trend my be resuming. We shall see what happens

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
My initial reason for using the 12/100/9 MACD was to see how those settings performed.  I like to run multiple scenarios at the same time (a habit that made my old team mates cringe.)  What I discovered was it actually crossed over before the shorter ema's did on the chart.  I am still testing it to determine if it is helpful to my style of trading.  I'll let you know the results.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
bunton,

I'm glad to hear you closed a profitable trade and have two more on the way.  Looking at the charts I posted earlier today, you will see the trend does start on the 5M chart and builds from there.  I used the 5M, 15M, and the 30M charts to confirm my position on the 1H chart.

Good luck with your trades tonight.

Remember,...the early bird may catch the worm,....but it's the second mouse that gets the cheese!

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Clansmen, thanks for your kind words. I've got limits set on both at 15 points and then should this happen I'll move the rest to B/E. I wish not too push me luck!! lol

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Your welcome.  Let us know how your trades went.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Clansmen, my target got hit in the overnight and USD/CHF still open. I just entered EUR/USD long again in a P/B as per CF-Zone.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Cool...sounds like your back on the horse.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Thank you Felicia for sharing CF. I'm in the process of opening an live account as I have been paper trading this for the last two months, mostly EUR/USD. Feels like I've taken a cram semester in learning forex since the end of April when I was laid off my job and took a part time position...which allowed me the time to cram.

Not until I found CF did I feel like I found a home with forex, even after trying Phillip Nels system before I found CF.

Thanks to everyone who has posted here for it has definitely shortened my learning curve.

The only indicator I use with this is the stochs just for overbought/sold area but the main thing that has really helped me is learning to read the ins and outs of the candlesticks and S/R, not to mention patience.

My plan now is to be successful at this and quit my part time job, then be able to get back to my art, writing, and maybe even some golf.  With everyones help here I see it happening.  OK,OK enough of the testimonial, if I have anything I can contribute to help anyone I will definitely do so. To be honest though, the simplicity is what attracted me to CF so adding anything to CF kind of defeats its beauty.

BTW Clansman I absolutely love your quote...when people ask me about forex that's how I describe it.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
I've been noticing sumfin with this pattern that appears time and time again. I think it might be worth studying. Notice the red circles on my chart. This price action tells me price has been rejected 2 times and failed to get back to prior highs the 3rd. One could simply beware of double tops or other ta chart patterns.

Price did offer a CF trade off the 24ema. I took this trade and my limit was missed by a few pips because it never got back too the prior top. Be cautious anytime price stalls at highs. Sumfin I contemplating is setting my limit just under highs.. Not sure if this helps but just wanted too post it..

http://img406.imageshack.us/img406/6221/eurusdsc2.png

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
I guess we are all too busy making money

In reality, the system needs no additions to work. All you need to do is develop the patience, and the willpower to trade only strong setups and avoid the weak ones or making trades, just to be in the market.

In recent weeks, I have discovered 2 nice pairs to trade CF with.

First is GBP/NZD. Despite the usually horrendous spread of around 30-35 pips at most brokers that even carry this pair, the results can be enormous.

Use a 100pip stop, targets 300-500 pips, move stop to break even at +70-+80, trail 120pips or greater. This is a fantastic pair to trade and in my opinion, the only way to trade NZD.

The second pair is GBP/CAD. With a much nicer spread of 10 pips, this one can also pick up a great number of pips. Also, with CAD being such a nice trending currency, you can pick up long runs using Cornflower. Anywhere from 100-300 pips per day is possible with this pair.

Try both pairs on demo for a couple of weeks to get a feel for them. I think you will agree they are quite remarkable.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
jafar00, wrote>>>> "In reality, the system needs no additions to work. All you need to do is develop the patience, and the willpower to trade only strong setups and avoid the weak ones or making trades, just to be in the market."<<<<<

I'm doing a study of what I think might be a higher probability trade with the CF. It is simple. Just take the first P/B into the zone. It seems this gives a higher probability. Once it founders and flops around the probability is reduced.

I'm long AUD/JPY out of the CF it is up 20 points as of typing this. My target is shy of last high..

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
I'm thinking GBP/USD is in a first P/B for a short. Only thing I don't like the action of the ema's. I'll let this one go but will watch it..

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Me CF trade on AUD/JPY has met my target and so I closed it with a nice little profit. As per my chart above even though EUR/USD is a CF set up I don't like the lower highs and so passed on the signal.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
http://img119.imageshack.us/img119/3862/audjpyur0.png

We had 2 signals in AUD/JPY. The 99.09 area was the first zone that needed to get breached for da bulls. Price did break through and this trade would have booked some nice gains.

The next set up shows that the bull task is to bust through 99.65. Bear task is to take it under 99.09. Caution needs to be in place for a stall prior to highs. In this example the highest probability setup was the first P/B into the zone. The 2nd setup is valid and this is the one I took as I missed the first one.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
I'm thinking NZD/USD may be worth keeping an eye on too see if we get a trend resumption. It is currently in the CF Zone..

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Somebody had posted the cf value for the 4H time frame. Cant find it now? would anybody post them again please? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
The ema's are 10, 15, 30, and 90.  Bullrock calculated these figures.  I have been forward testing them and they appear to have very good potential.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Thanks,...welcome to the dance.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Well,...it not only looks like you got back on the horse,...but you are starting to gallop.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Well Clansmen not sure about that but this week has been better since i stopped forcing the trades and trading purely off a 5m chart. Like Lever said, 5m charts are for the more experienced traders. I closed out my last trade in NZD/USD for a little profit and so I'm done for the day. It seems like most pairs I watch all the ema's are converging and so I'll keep an eye on things..

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Ending the day on a profit is always a good way to end the day!

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hi lever,

You've done a great job in introducing the Cornflower trading system to this forum.

I'm very new to trading. Only two months familiarity with MetaTrader4.

If you have the time available, could you create a PDF document that describes in very simple language how the CF system works? A simple step-by-step reference guide with illustrated chart examples would be very helpful for newbies such as myself.

Please let me know what you think.

Keep up your excellent work.

Regards,

David

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Hi lever,

Maybe you can share with us the s/l and p/t you use on 1 H chart?

would be a big help , even something approximate,

thank you very much,

Vanupips

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Protraderfx and Vanupips, welcome to Cornflowerland.     There's already a PDF that will answer your questions:

http://www.divshare.com/download/2049791-011

This is a permanent link.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hi Jafar00 could you please tell me which brokers/platform have these pairs

With many thanks

David-T

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
I use FxEgypt. Most brokers carry at least one of them, but you have to look around to find them, and with 1/2 decent spreads as they can vary a lot.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Has anyone tried scalping with the Cornflower system using a one minute chart? You can set a 10 pip stop and go for a target of 10 - 20 pips. Or set a 15 pip stop and go for 15 - 20 pips.

One minute scalping with the CF certainly seems do-able. (Or is it "doable"? It's times like these I wish I'd stayed awake in English class...)

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
If you read thru this thread you will see that Lever70 mention scalping. She also says that she will never ever talk about sclaping anymore in this thread.

But you will see this once you read the thread.

/ JoLi

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
hey all

it's my first time to read this thread

do u recommend the Cornflower method in trading

if so tell me plz to begine studying it

and thx

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Hi lever,

I did read carefully all those post, but the only advise you give regarding S/L is that the cross of 12/24 is a sure sign to back out ,and that one should go for a 20 pips profit, and then hold on longer depending on how trade is moving. I understand that there is no fixed rule and it depends on trader, trade, experience... but as you have the most experience from all of us it would help to know what your average s/l and t/p are .

thanks

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Felicia, this is an excellent system.  THANK YOU.

Have you tried this system on the e-minis? If so, on which time frame?

Do you need to modify the ema periods?

regards,

Unicorn.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
I have integrated the Cornflower system into my trading methodology.  It works for my style of trading.  Whether you will find it beneficial or not is dependent on you.  I would suggest reading Lever70's rules for trading, as well as the PDF compiled by Bstar.  Since the PDF is based in part on postings in this thread, it will save you some time in learning the system.  Then read the thread.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Hey Quickdraw.

In answer to your scalping question, I have been watching and demo-ing both 1m and 5m charts with Cornflower and found them to be very much "do-able"!

The MA's are different from the longer TF's, but I have found that they lend themselves very nicely to scalping. Felicia, by her own admission, likes scalping, but says that Cornflower is intended primarily to be used with the 30m chart (trading breakouts), and the 1H chart (trading pull-backs). At least, that's how I've interpreted her instructions.

To be honest, I've been using both the above ways of trading on the 1m and the 5m charts, usually aiming for around 10 pips at a time, or aiming for the next Pivot line. As with most trading, it's not just taking any trade that comes along, but watching for what could be identified as a high-probability trades. In other words, stick to the basic Cornflower rules, even on these smaller TF's and you'll soon spot the opportunities if you have the patience. These results, by the way, are from trading Cable, as I've found it to be ideal for this type of trading. Even on a quiet day, Cable usually supplies some nice scalping trades.

Anyway, the only way you're going to find out if it's for you, is to jump in and try it, mate. Best of luck.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
i just longed eur/usd at 1.4100 and shorted usd/chf at 1.1719

time now is 0909 GMT

20 pips stop open target.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
If you have a strong entry, it should never even get near a 15 pip stop loss. I generally use 15 pips, or depending on price action, above/below a res/supp level determined by my own appraisal.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
In post 97, I wrote the following:  "if you are trading longer term, 50 pips for cable, 70 for EURJPY and USDJPY, 100 for GBPJPY and GBPCHF, and perhaps 40 pips for the other pairs. When trading longer term, your lot sizes must be smaller to account for the wider stops. The small trade size is compensated by larger pip gains. Preserve your capital."

Though they may seem like large stops, you can't have large gains without attendant risk.  And position-sizing and money management are very important.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Hello everyone,

I have been reading this thread for a while, and trading this method. I also use phil neal?? macd signal to help me filter good trades from bad. I just did 65 pips from cad/jpy and 45 pips from usd/cad, the news just accelerated the move!

i usually place a few trades after noram close, once things settle down, but beware of placing jpy nzd pairs as i often find u get big position trade movements to knock out your stops, just hold onto your buttocks sometimes!!! Most of my trading is when i get up GMT. I hit my pip target, then off i go to live. If the wife wants a new sofa, i will trade the extra few pips till i get that. Mostly, I compund my account, only taking very little from it. Remember, its not how many pips you get, its the pips value.

I trade for a living so am able to watch my screens throughout the day, thus i dont put limits on, and usually stops of no more than 50. if you get hit on a 50 stop, your either braindead or very unlucky. i use the cornflower method as prescribed by our leader, the hon. vagrant, on a 1 hour chart. i also use a macd (5.13.1). Enter a trade only if a) cornflower rules met, b) macd close higher/lower. Perfect long set up on a pullback is macd below 0.15 -0.30, curved with maybe 5 bars then a higher close, loads of pips as you catch the start of the move, not just a little pullback. Works perfectly with cornflower. For a riskier trade, look for a slight pullback as per cornflower and a continuation on macd, not as many pips but better than a kick in the balls.

Anyway, just did another 30 pips on eur/usd, oh, life is sweet xxxhttp://forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hi lever,

Thanks for the kind welcome to Cornflowerland and thanks for the link to the PDF file.

Protraderfx

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Awesome simply awesome.

What more could you need.

a touch and bounce off of the 72, if you needed more its also the M2 pivot area, Oh yeah and look at that wick, a great indication which direction its headed.

Wish I could say I caught it all, but I got my pips and was happy.

thx lever70

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Hey, Lever, ... I believe I hold the copyright to the word, "Cornflowerland".

I charge 5 pips per use of the word.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Hi shinny,

Very interesting mod. I know quite a few people use some indicators on this system - in some cases they are very helpful. In this case, would you be willing to post a chart to show an example of the ideal entry signal? Also, I'm not sure your description of the pb macd range is accurate. Even at the extremes my macd settings rarely exceed even .0060 or -.0060...yet you have said that for a long you'll wait for a pb of around .15-.30. Does that mean .0015 - .0030? Perhaps an illustration will save lots of typing... thanks in advance for your help.

EDIT- I think I figured out what you're referreing to shinny. Its the range of the retracement measured using the cursor... correct? A chart would still help... hehe.

Joe

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Hi Joe, Yes you have it. Look at Philip Nel's thread on macd entry, i think combining that with the cornflower is as near  to perfection as you will get. I dont normally trade too much on a monday, but had 70 pips of nzd/usd and 35 pips of eurchf and 25 pips of euraud today. Not a bad day!

The age old saying of buy dips and sell rallies fith perfectly with this system and my style. The MACD just helps with confirmation of a resumption in the trend after a dip or rally. I scan the hourly charts, looking for a reversal, then use 5 and 15 minute charts to time my entry (i find the 15 min better). If timed right, you rarely get more than 15 pips against you, and i dont think I have had more than 20, which is nice.

How do I post a chart??

Cheers and long live the pips!!!

Shinny

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
God damn! Congratulations on maybe the easiest to understand system out there with the minimum of clutter. I too hate using indicators as I feel they control my judgment, which isn't a great thing to happen

Anyhow, thank you 1,000 times. To show my appreciation I sat and read the WHOLE thread (even eating my dinner reading!) which has taken a gob-smacking 6 hours. Well worth the time investment.

Thanks everybody for the constant input.

Bluefrog

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Hi Shinny,

I was wondering if you are using MT4 and if so where could i find the MACD indicator which you use with the CF system if it is a different one to the standard in MT4....

Thanks in advance,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Hello

Had a signal to go long USD/CHF in the last hour so that is what I have open now ... to say the least, this is a great system. I went from $8k to $17k trading only cornflower... then went back to $10k when I seemingly got "bored with making money" and tried other strategies.

Stick to what works, period.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Hey lifegauge,how long did it take you to do that $8k-$17k with cornflower?

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
do u trade on real account ?

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Thanks for the tip on the MACD shinny. It functions quite well as a guide after the pb's. Excellent! I have another question, if you would be so kind. Do you also have a stop/take profit strategy that is influenced by the MACD? Are you using certified Cornflower profit taking and money management? That would help.

By the way posting charts is fairly simple.

First: right click on your chart and from the menu select "save as picture"

Second: select "active chart (as is)" then click on "save"

Third: select the paper clip symbol in the menu above this active window and a new window will open that has a couple of "browse buttons" which permit you to find the file on your drive. I think the last step is fairly self explanatory. Hope that helps...

OOOps - I just realized you might not be using MT4.. so the first steps might not help you...

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Hi Joe, I use good old s/r to determine when to jump off. Also, when MACD goes neutral (ie 0 line), its usually a good time to get off as price quite often changes direction or stalls, unless there are no barriers in the way of further price trend continuation. A lower/higher close on the smaller time frames builds up to a lower/higher close on the higher time frames, so discretion is paramount. I use good money management ie, 90% of good money management is getting in the trade at the right time, so my stops are quite tight. TP when the move runs out of steam.

I do use mt4 for charting, so will post asap.

good luck, shinny

I have another question, if you would be so kind. Do you also have a stop/take profit strategy that is influenced by the MACD? Are you using certified Cornflower profit taking and money management? That would help.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Frankly, it took me somewhere around 5 trading days...

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Yes, it was (unbelievably) a real account. So you can imagine the pain I felt when it went from $17 to $10. In less than half the time it took me to get from $8 to $17.

My point is, stick to what works and don't change the system. Like what Lever70 said somewhere ... if you took the right trade, it goes your way almost immediately. A little trick I had was to take half my bets off the table if/when the trade goes my way within the first 30 mins to 1 hour, and let the other half of my position ride. If prices came back down I may enter with another full position and do the same thing ... take half off if the trade goes my way within the first 30 mins to 1 hour.

I'm not even sure if this makes sense but to me it sure did, and that's what I'm going to do after I take a few days break off trading. It sure stinks to make 100% return and only to lose 50% to get back to where you were before.

Oh, and another mistake I made was when I attempted to modify this system or use another system to trade, I even doubled my position sizes. Big mistake, too early for that.

Thanks lever70 for sharing your ideas.

---

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Who here most of the time uses multiple time frames for confirmation to enter a Cornflower trade? If so, what time frames do you use for confirmation?

I'm considering ONLY taking a trade if several time frames line up correctly. I'd really like to know if others here are doing the same thing and if you have noticed it working out better than just taking a trade without looking at the other time frames.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Firstly, thanks Lever. Your system is great.

Quickdraw, I have 2 charts up on one screen. The 1 hour and the 5 minute. Firstly I will look at the currency pair using naked candles from monthly down drawing in support and res, and trendlines as I go to get a good idea of whats what. I then have cornflower up on 1hr amd 5 min, and don't take a trade unless they are aligned. I have them horizontally across my screen, easier to see.

Nice trade Lifeguageon the $/Swissy.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Thanks Lever70 for sharing your idea, and I will try the Cornflower Hourly System

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Quickdraw,

I use the 1H, 30M, 15M, and the 5M TF's when making my entries.  On page 66, post # 988, I have attached the charts for a GBP/JPY trade.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Someone tell me if this could be another setup on the USD/CHF?

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Hi Lifegauge. I see where you're coming from, but I'm going to leave it. I prefer to see the mavs turning up for a long call. The lower timeframes are flat, and its in an over all downtrend.

This is just my 2 cents worth.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
I had an order in for  a short on the E/$ but pulled it before. The hourly had all the mavs in a row, and the 5 min was stacked nicely. I was waiting for a drop below 1.4140 as an entry. It turned up on the 5 min so I'm looking for something else. To go long I'd like to see it break the downtrend line from the recent high.

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Thanks, good call there.

Reminds me how important it is to look at the lower time frames and see everything lined up before taking the trade.

Remember, if its a good trade it goes your way very quickly!

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
At first look this spike may be a better entry if it is rejected by the 24ema on the hourly. However, it looks like the 5 minute time frame for EUR/USD is a little flat so ... beware?

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Yeah. A rejection and the mavs turned down would be good. Its at the bottom of its channel, and if it breaks down would be a nice head and shoulders pattern.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Lifeguage, after your call on the swissy, I had a look at it and am watching it closely.Its just bounced off support horizontally and a trendline from yesterday on hourly chart. It needs to break the downtrendline, then I'll enter (if it does) using cornflower.C.O.T data supports this.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
hello, isnt ur fibonacci drawn wrongly? arent u supposed to drag it low to high(up trend) and vice versa?

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Well it has taken a while around work and life but I've managed to read the entire thread and pdf.

Thanks a heap Lever70 for sharing this.  I like the simplicity and sound principle this system is based on.  I will be using my simulator to manually backtest as many years worth of data as I can fit into 48 straight hours over the weekend!   Then it's into "live" demo trading.

I look forward to joining the chat room as time permits too.

One question I do have.  Being in Australia I mostly plan to trade the London session during my evenings.  However I will have time occasionally to trade the Australian/Asian session during the day.  You mention this system providing some strong set ups during the Asian session.  Are there any particular pairs that work well during the Asian session and any that should be avoided?

Cheers,

PKFFW

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Hi mates, i have been reading through this thread and have found it intersting, and have actually made sweet 35pips from the last usd/chf rally.Now my problem is i tried downloading the pdf file on the thread but i error message while trying to read it saying it is corrupt, also i read about using macd with the the cornflower set up, i will like to learn more about this. pls i will appreciate it of you mate can be of help. Thanks for your help in advance.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
I'm thinking of going short the cable (GBP/USD) but am waiting for some confirmation for the pair to break its channel. Might be worth waiting for this even if we had to give up some pips, I think.

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
On the other pair, USD/CHF... I am looking for a possible long again? It has started forming a new channel so maybe it's a better setup.

Need some comments...

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
I went short the cable at 2.0309 but am now out at the res line you drew.Cornflower says down, but....it is in an uptrend. My gut says short, but I'm willing to pay for confirmation.I made some on the swissy long,and had another long order in but pulled it. reason being it is in a downtrend and I'd like to see a retest of the 72 on hourly.

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
I've been looking throughout this thread for various examples of using multiple time frames in our decision to enter a trade (such as the above example). It seems like a really good idea, but the problem is that when the multiple time frames are aligned, will the price have move up too much to be touching the 12 or 24 ema? Therefore it seems that we would rarely - if ever - will be able to enter a true CF trade.

If, for example on a buy trade, the time frames are aligned and the price dips back down to the 12 or 24 ema, then wouldn't at least 1 or more of the time frames be pointing downward and be out of alignment? By using the idea of trading when multiple time frames are aligned, then we would not be able to take the trade if it dips back to touch the 12 or 24 ema. I've see here on this thread to wait until the time frames are aligned and then enter when the 5 min chart is pointing upwards (as in a buy trade). However, at that point when the 5 min chart is pointing upwards then it most likely is not touching the 12 or 24 ema anymore. Isn't that true?

It's a "Catch-22" situation. We'd like to buy when the various multiple time frames are pointing upward, but when they are pointing upward then that most likely means the price has already moved up and away from the 12 and 24 ema. Do you guys see the dilemma?

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Well I've gone through data on the gbp/usd from 1/1/01 to 1/1/03 so far.....2 years!

I wont bother posting any specific details since being a manual backtest my results will differ significantly from what someone else may get.  Further to that, I believe that with practice and more experience the results would be even better than what I achieved.

Suffice to say I have found this system to be very solid.  A high % win rate and with proper MM will generate good returns.

The only thing I think worth mentioning is to beware when the market is ranging.  I did find a period where I had a number of losing trades in a row.  Far more than any other period.  Upon closer inspection I realised the 4 hour chart was showing a ranging market for the entire period.  Having said that, it still would have been a profitable period had I been more diligent in closing out any trade that had gone at least 15 pips into profit before turning around for a loss.  I forgot about that tip a few times during my testing.

Once again thanks to Lever70 for sharing this great idea.

Cheers,

PKFFW

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
72 pages worth of reading today... No time to digest.  Interesting how people have come in, become successful and intelligent about the system and then just disappeared out of the forum. I wionder why??

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Because they're bad, bad people.  That's why.  :

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
lever70 has put together an awesome system. I was just getting messed up with even looking at the ema's and candles.. I know this sounds crazy but it is true. I have never used indicators or candles and so now I'm doing the only thing I know. I've messed around with rsi,cci,macd, and whatever and just get lost.

Just because many do not post does not mean they are not doing well. I know this system will work for many and in fact it has.  The rules are spelled out simply.

I look at about 2k charts per day in equity market and give each one about 1-2 sec view time and this candle and ema thing just will not register. I also have never traded anything under a daily chart and that is another challenge for me.

Nothing wrong with taking the CF system and specializing it to your likings. I've seen many who add macd's and other stuff. What is important is you find sumfin your comfortable with and fits.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
So are you saying tha tyou dont use the CF??  And that many charts... Why??  The 14 pairs in the forex are enough for me.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
I only post when I have something to say (though I check the thread daily.)

I trade for a living, and I incorporated Cornflower into my trading methodology because it is a solid dependable system.  The few losses I have had using the system are due to my interpretation of the charts, or to paraphrase Shakespeare, the fault dear traders is not in our charts, but in ourselves (yeah I know,...I'm going to English lit hell for that.)

The real beauty of Cornflower is it is simple to understand.  I am using it to teach my three youngest children (8, 10, and 12 years old) how to trade.  The older four are already out, and on with their careers and currently not interested in the markets.

Each one of the children has a demo account and when they become proficient trading on the demos, I will open a $300.00 mini account for each child.  The rules are simple.  At the end of each month, 50% of the profit goes into a savings account (to be rolled into a Roth IRA when large enough to do so) 25% is theirs to spend as they like, and the last 25% stays in the account (in order to increase the number of lots per trade.)  If they make bad trades and lose the account, a portion of their allowance will be held back to rebuild the account.

Watching the children working with Cornflower has been an enlightening experience.  They follow the rules and wait for the pull back to trade (they misread the charts at times, however, they are getting better with experience.)   They do not try to push the trade or jump early.  They just follow the rules...The way we all do,....right?

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Clansman.... You are great dad to give your kids such a gift.  Are you adopting?

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
I definetly understand that once you move into the area of a knowledgable trader you dont need to post as much unless you are conducting the forum.  But thanks for your reply.  I was hoping you were still associated to the forum.  ANyway that is brilliant about you teaching your kids at such a young age.  Simple brilliant.  anyway you should keep us informed on how they do and hopefully I can start to do as well as your 8 year old!!! SHEESH!!!

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Thanks.  I have great children,...even when they are driving me nuts.  As for adopting,...well,...do you have references, and can you cut the lawn in a straighter pattern than my 10 year old?

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Thanks, but I can't take credit for coming up with the idea.  It was my 8 year old!  He and his siblings have been watching me trade for some time now.  One day he asked me when he could start trading.  He had his first demo account that day.  I will keep you apprised of their progress,...and pass on the lessons I learn from them.  Of course they have an advantage over us.  To them a chart goes up, down, or sideways because that's what charts do.  While we adults tend to over analyze why the charts go up, down, or sideways.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Hey Clansman,

It's fantastic to hear you are still enjoying success with the cornflower system.  Your posts and ideas have been particularly enlightening.  I would be most interested to hear from time to time how your children progress with the system.  It's great to think that an 8, 10 or 12 year old could make money by following a well thought out and sound system.  Gives hope to me!

Cheers,

PKFFW

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Inserted Code 72 pages worth of reading today... No time to digest. Interesting how people have come in, become successful and intelligent about the system and then just disappeared out of the forum. I wionder why??

To get the answer to that question have a look at as many of these threads as you can. They all start out as great ideas and end up with everyone going onto the next big thing with one solitary voice inquiring "hello? Does anyone still trade this system?"

People like to think that they are smart and have made a discovery that will change the world. This is why 99% of Forex traders are simply losers.

Trading is not about finding the ultimate system that makes you heaps of cash. It is about being married to a boring screen day in day out making sure you are as strict as a catholic monk. Following your lame plan to the letter.

Then and only then will you make money. The smart ones get as far away from trading whenever they can and simply get it out of the way. Their a hundreds of systems that work out there. Do the backtests. But when you go to trade them live they don't work. Why?

Because they bore the pants off you! If you want to make money trading. Find a plan. Stick to it. Follow your trading plan to the letter. Stay away from Forums. They are full of losers that treat Trading more like playing poker machines than seriously making money. That's why they lose.

Find a system you like. Write a plan that calculates how much you need to invest to make so much a week based on a backtest. Don't be surprised when you make money. Expect it. Follow your plan and instead of hanging out with losers in forums. Sell it. You'll have much more fun than trading. I guarantee it

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Thanks PKFFW.  I hope some of those ideas are helping put money in your account.

Children see the simplicity in trading, and while it may not be easy,...it is simple.   Plan the trade, and trade the plan,...simple, however, waiting for the set up to enter is where the difficulty comes in to play.  They accept they have to wait for the charts.  They try to check the charts every hour, if they see a possible set up, I have them explain to me what they see and why they should trade or not.  Some of the reasoning is interesting to say the least.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Thank u to felicia for posting nice system

just want to what do u think bout this trade, this is a loss trade, i know this system not a holy grail, just want to know what do u think

price already at 12-24 ema area

entry long at the opening candle yellow arrow, would u take this trade or not felicia?

Rgrds

Ernest -

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Taunted,

Please read over Lever's post #185, page 13.  You'll see where she mentions the "flattening" out of the ema's.  Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Taunted, the time to have taken that trade was two candles previous to your arrow.  You would have entered when the price was approaching the 24 ema.  Don't wait for the candle to close.  Look for price to touch the ema and enter right at that moment.  The candle I'm talking about never touched the 24, but it came very close, which is why it's ok to pull the trigger as long as price is between the 12 and the 24.  If you would have done this and gotten out with 20 pips profit, it would have been a cornflower winner.  If you stayed in and got greedy, all profits would have soon been given back.

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
hi

hope some one can help to answer this questions.

let say a bull trend is stronge and it price has been going up but with retracement to the 12 and 24 EMA line for a few times already. so what you get is the price and the 12/24 EMA line is quite far away fromthe 72 EMA line. so how do we trade a reverse back to the 72 EMA line??

regards

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
did you notice the divergence in MACD--that should have alerted you that price was headed down

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
@rialto : ok thank u i will re read all the thread again maybe im missing sumthing important, as for flattening i see its pure discretation to each trader

@Repipula : i see as soon as the candle linger at 18-24 area should enter at that moment, so it back to another discretation to each trader, thank u

@c-note : i see the macd divergence but from my back test if price trending i see lot of divergence thats why i ignore it, will do some more back test thank u for pointing that out

Regards

-Ernest

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
I think you are really off base saying that the forums are useless and only for fx losers.  Im not sure why you took this stance, but I hope you realize that you are doing the thing that you say is for losers.  But anyway, I am getting through my learning curve ok, however this is going to be a long road.  Despite this fact I love trying to figure out the forex market and I hope be sharing success stories with you all soon.

-Freed

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Hi ya lever70,

First of all i would like to say a big thank you for this great system Felicia  ....

I just have a quick question if you could answer or some one else please on point number 5, what do you mean by:

Short EMAs stacked opposite to the direction of the 72 EMA?

Thank you in advance,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Had a nice entry on the A/U in the last hour. It touched the 24 ema and moved up for 30 odd pips. Setting a stop entry @ the 24 seems to be working really well for me.CF is a solid system.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Anybody else watching the Swissy and the E/$  ?

Both overdue a pullback or what?

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
I'm watching both and got my eye on the Aus.  Everything else I keep my eye on at this stage looks too choppy with flat MA's.

Made my first live trade last night(Aussie time).  Put two mini lots on the GU.  Took profit for one at 21 pips and left the other running with a 15 pip trailing stop.  Managed to pick up 26 pips on that one.  Very happy!

Cheers,

PKFFW

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Nice trades, mate.

I've looked at the Aussie and all three now seem to be stalling on my pivot lines.

Time will tell!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Hello All,

It has been awhile since I posted a chart.  Since this trade is a good example of a CF entry, I thought I would post it for anyone interested.

I went long on the NZD/USD after price broke my M3 pivot.  Since I do not like to leave trades open over the weekend, I closed for 22 pips just before the market closed.

Enjoy the weekend.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Instead of a roth, why dont you sock it away into a 529 plan?

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
It is my understanding that a 529 is geared more toward college expenses and not retirement.  While the Roth is geared toward retirement.  Our priority for our children is starting a retirement vehicle for them.  We are working in another direction for their educational needs.  Two of the four older children chose college, while the other two chose careers in the locksmithing industry.  All four have started retirement plans.  I believe formal education is important, however, I also believe being able to earn a good living (through whatever career a person chooses) and handle one's personal finances is key to living one's life free of dependence on others.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Hello All,

I thought this time I would submit two charts.  The first is shortly after I placed the trade, and the second is when I exited the trade.  I felt seeing how the chart looked shortly after the trade is placed, and then another after the trade was closed would give a better understanding of the trade than just presenting one chart after the trade had been completed.

I went long on the AUD/JPY at 106.20 and TP at 106.70.  Price looked like it was starting to slow down on the 5M chart,...so I took my profit and ran.  I normally don't open trades just before I calculate my new pivot points, but the setup looked good so why not take it?

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
time now is 1315GMT theres setup on eur/usd, usd/chf and usd/cad

on eurusd i longed at 1.4213

on usdchf i shorted at 1.1814

i see nice setups, anyone else took this trades?

i rarely look at other timeframes other than 1H. But wat i do is if i see a pullback(a nice setup or prince reaching 12/24) on the 1h, i will switch to 30 to see if price is bouncing from any higher ema there(normally 24 or 72).

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Correct, it is for education expenses. Its refreshing to see someone who has his/her children thinking so far ahead. My own preference(for our children) is to get their education paid up, so that then they can do their own IRA's once they actually start working(whether its summer jobs or after college or trade school)

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Nice trade Clansman Can I ask where you placed your stop on that trade? I've been having a bit of trouble with my stops. I want to keep my risk/reward  to at least 1:1, but I keep getting stopped out with the trade only to run on.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Another question for anyone; do most people stalk one pair and wait for an "A grade" set up and put multiple lots on, OR do you put trades on as per Levers rules with just one lot, on different pairs?

What I'm getting at is it better to concentrate on 1 and put all your eggs in one basket or diversify. Last night I saw 4 set ups but only took 1. I took the A/$, but left the U/$, c/$ & G/$. I had my stop too tight on the Aussie and got stopped out. If i'd have taken all the trades I saw and  cut the slow ones and gone for a 20 pip T.P I'd be pretty happy this morning.

Any comments would be appreciated.Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Thanks, if we teach them now,...then they will not have any surprises or disappointments later.  We have another option for the education needs of these last three.   Having them show an interest in the forex market was both a surprise and an opportunity.   If they decide to learn the markets and keep trading, then by the time they are in their twenties, they will be proficient enough to earn a good living.   If they decide instead to travel a different path, then at least they will have a working understanding of the markets and the forces that drive them.   As is always the case with children,...their path is their path.  All we can do is give them a good moral compass, and guide them as best we can.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
I set my stops between 50 and 100 pips (depending on the currency.)  That being said, if you have timed the entry correctly you should only see a reversal of 20 to 25 pips after entry.  Once I am in profit I move my stops up to keep my profit.  When moving stops the distance behind price is really dependent on the volatility of the currency at the time.  If it looks like a trend is running out of steam, then I keep my stop close.  If on the other hand the trend is strong, but whipsawing its way up (or down,) then I keep my stops farther out.  Setting targets of 20 or 30 pips and collecting is a solid way to increase your trading account.

Keeping a 1:1 risk/reward ratio is a good goal, however, it can also limit your profits.  Now before everyone starts screaming, let me explain my thinking.  If a trader consistently has 6 or 7 successful trades out of every 10 trades, he can with careful money management increase his account.  For example, if a person sets his stops for 20 pips and his TP for 20 pips, his risk/reward is 1:1.  Using the numbers from above we know we will hit the stop loss 3 or 4 times out of every 10.  That equates to 60 to 80 pips lost.  However, 6 to 7 successful trades equals 120 to 140 pips.  This gives a profit over the 10 trades of 40 to 80 pips.  Carefully increasing the number of lots as the account balance increases, will over a period of time develop the trader's income to the level he or she desires.  Being consistent and disciplined in one's trading will in time lead to success.  As I'm sure you have realized, it does not happen over night.

I hope my ramblings have been of help.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Thanks. I've been backtesting since I posted on my past trades and my stops have been way too tight. I think it comes down to belief in the system. If all the mavs are stacked in order, thats about as much guarantee as I can expect in this game. I'm going to set a wider stop but only as a backstop, not as a "get out".

Cheers, Bogus

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
I started with two currencies, the EUR/USD and the GBP/USD.  After becoming familiar with their personalities, I then added the USD/CHF.  I currently have eight currencies I am following.  On my screen, I have eight 1H charts.  When one (or more) of the charts shows a setup starting to take shape, I then switch to 30M charts, and down to the 15M and 5M when needed.

If I am trading multiple currencies, I use less lots per trade than if I were trading only one currency.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Great, that makes sense. I'm watching the Aussie for a retrace, but am a bit bullish on it. I'll trade the charts but think it will get to $ for $.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
I'm watching it too.  There is a histogram divergence showing a possibility for it to move upward.  It is also bouncing off of my M2 pivot (see chart.)

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Im guessing you took the trade on your chart from between 15:00 and 18:00 and got your 20 pips at least out of it before it bounced correct??

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
That is a good guess, but I wasn't in the market at that time.  My charts are set for Eastern Time, however, I live on the West Coast, and trade mainly the London session (although I do trade the Asian and New York sessions on an irregular basis.)

I did trade the AUD/USD, but I did not enter until after 0300 ET.  I waited to see which way price was going to head.  I was looking at a double bottom at my M2 pivot point, histogram divergence suggesting a possible move up and price was also looking like a CF retracement was starting. To muddy the waters a little more, the Swiss Retail Sales numbers were coming out at 0315 ET.  As you can see by the charts, price bounced off the 72 ema and my Central Pivot Point at approximately 0300.  I watched the 5M chart and went short at 8967 after price penetrated my M2.  At 8917, I decided to take the money and run.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Thanks for showing the trade. I haven't been using pivots with this system but maybe I should. Are you using Levers settings on the 5 minute or Phillip Nells? I've put a 200 EMA on my 5 min chart & and only go short or long if the 50 ema is on the right side of it. I've given my stops a bit more room to breathe and have had 2 profitable trades since yesterday, although I missed the big drop.

Cheers

currently short the G/Y

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
On the 1H, 30M, 15M, and 5M charts I use the standard Cornflower  8, 12, 24, and 72 ema's.  On my 4H charts I use bullrock's 10, 15 30, and 90 ema's (I am still forward testing the 4H charts for position trading.)  When I start to analyze the charts for the day's trading, I use the 200 ema on my Daily charts to show the overall trend (I've attached a link to how trade below.)

Glad to hear loosening your stops helped add some pips to your account.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=913

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
I'll wait and see what develops

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
! hour chart

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Looks like heavy consolidation, hope I can catch th ebreak out.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
I have followed my stop loss from my equity days. I take the ATR (average true range) on a 30M chart and multiply it by 3 and then divide that by 1.5.

It works for me pretty well.

That's my thoughts.

MG

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Howdy Matrix,

I checked the math there... and I think you can just double the atr value to get the same result..

Check it and see, maybe it'll save ya a bit of time. (no, I'm not trying to be a wise ass..)

Joe

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Thanks, I'll test it out.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
What period do you use for ATR, 14?

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Is anyone watching this pair. Looks like its setting up for a fall.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
I've been reading this thread with great interest and have been taking some of the setups in a demo account. I'm wondering if someone can comment on the attached chart. There are several instances where the price touches the 12 or 24 while on it's way down. Which ones are valid Cornflower setups?

Thanks,

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Ive shorted the $/Y &  G/Y on the 5 min chart a while ago. There are 2 trendlines in place, but apart from that, nothing says "up" to me.

Coments welcome.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
yen

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
where is the pro? why so quiet?

bz making money.

pls.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
I see all the time forex traders saying similar to the above, in that they suggest we should go for singles instead of home runs. I don't think there is anything wrong with going for home runs. I think they are a great thing. It reminds me of a great quote we all can learn from. It was from a baseball hall of famer who played back in the 1940's and 50's (I can't remember his name right now):

"Home run hitters drive Cadillacs, singles hitters drive jalopies."

Yes, one can be successful hitting singles, but the ones that REALLY go for it are the ones that REALLY hit it big! Just ask that guy who has been inducted in Cooperstown, N.Y. (home of the baseball Hall of Fame).

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I thought I'd post my results for the 2 yen trades I took.

I made 32 pips out of pound/yen and 5 from dollar/yen. I'd hoped they'd run a bit more but wasn't to be. I'm watching G/Y for a breakout early next week.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
I've been working on using ATR for S/L - and am interested in you x 3 /1.5 ... please add insight

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
mr metto can u pls clean the bug.the tf indi  tend to stick together after a while.

osc-mtf cf sysv1.1.mq4

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...id=40867&d=Jul 28, 2007 12:13am

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
i'm currently testing cornflower! just a couple questions about entry!

do you enter right when it hits 24 EMA or do you wait for the next candle to form first?  How do you determine if the trend will continue when it is in the 12 + 24 EMA?  would you go into dips and rallys when the other 3 EMAs are far away from the 72 EMA?

awesome forum btw!

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
oh i forgot to ask.  how important is the direction and angle that the 3 smaller EMAs are pointing in?  say in a down trend do they need to be pointing down along with the trend?

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Have been following cornflower posts for quite a while. Have authored several (independent) corroborating setup/ trigger indicators that greatly simplify (accurately) identifying potential cornflower trades; have been using this hybrid for sometime now. This application uses the genesis trade navigator (Colorado Springs, CO) platform. I am reluctant to share my thoughts and work, as last time I attempted to so on a forex factory thread, I was met with less courtesy than I would have expected from educated people. Since I have not yet started writing a comprehensive operations manual, the best I can do is share a screen dump if requested.
/s/ bfs

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Please share good friend.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
This thread tends to be more cordial than most- please share

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
This is an simple and easy system for anyone to trade, has anyone had any luck with the EA made for it?

It seems that as simple as it is the EA should work well also

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Yes, am always interested in simplifying a  good system  and thus am curious to review your hybrid. Please feel free to share.

Regards Bondvaga

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Hi bfs,

Thanks for your post.

The Cornflower system is beautifully simple and effective. However, if you have suggestions on making it even more powerful, please don't hesitate to share.

Looking forward to your future posts.

ProTraderFX

"The only way is up or down"

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
thanks for sharing this system lever70!

i just got a couple of questions i was wondering if anyone on this forum can help me.  From your experience do most if not all initial entries or trend reversals (price action break of 72 EMA) come from news?  and from my experience just watching the market i noticed that if price breaks the 72 EMA at the top of its range on the candle it is still only 50/50 for a good trade, any comments?

i've had really good success with the pull back trades +500 or so pips this week! but i never tried a initial entry yet!

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Ive tried a few initial breakouts, but haven't had as nearly as much success with them as I have with the pullback system.As I'm increasing my lots, I'm waiting for the better set ups and letting them run. I mainly trade the G/J and the A/u pairs.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
How many set ups a day have you found to be average with the GJ and AU pairs?

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Hello all

In the absence of success stories for this strategy, I am posting a snapshot of my live account statement (*I removed name and address from the PDF*) In my previous post I said it took me 5 days to get from $8k to $17, I was wrong. It took me 7 days.

Good trading and feel free to contact me with any questions.

marketbreaker@gmail.com

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Just remember that a home run doesn't need to happen today, tomorrow, or even this week. A real home run is buying the Euro 2 years ago.

The point is this: A home run ball might not always travel at 80 miles an hour.

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
I average about 5 trades a day. The G/J ad A/u are the ones I follow very closely and feel most comfortable with, but I do trade others if they have a good cornflower hourly setup along with a good technical setup. By that  I mean a trendline or sup/ res break. I'll post a screenshot of my main page.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
I have 3 versions of the currencies I'm looking at. I check them naked from monthly down to 5 min.Then cornflower hourly, and lastly 5 min with Levers scalp setup. I've added a 5 ema for the G/Y as it is such a big mover.The G/Y is pretty much the only one I'll trade against the hourly trend as it can be quite rewarding.The angle and separation of the ema's is quite important.I always time my way in now off the 5 min. I don't set an entry order at the 12/24 emas.

I can't upload a screenshot for some reason.

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Well done. I got 211 pips and should have done better. Looking forward to this week.

i've had really good success with the pull back trades +500 or so pips this week! but i never tried a initial entry yet![/quote]

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Bogus,

Thx for you post. Do you add 5ema to G/J on 1H only or on all other TF's? Plz explain how you see it as an improvement for your trades.

Good job with weekly pips!

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Cheers.I put the 5 ema on the 5 minute setup to help with scalps when I am going against the 1 hour trend. I us it as an early warning. I'll post a couple of charts seperately as I can't screenshot my desktop for some reason. Count the pips on the 5 min after the emas are stacked and then where I would exit  when the 5 crosses the 8 ema.I've also added a dotted 200 ma just for reference so I've got an idea where I am.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
shot of 1 hour chart

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
shot of 5 minute chart

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
thx bogus...

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
bogus, I'm a bit confused. Are you making 5 min chart Cornflower trades (instead of 1 hour chart trades)? Meaning, do you use the 5 min chart to take Cornflower trades off of that 5 min chart (with your target being a small number of pips)? Or, do you use the 5 min chart to decide when to enter a trade on the 1 hr chart once the price goes to the 12 - 24 ema area? OR, do you do both?

Also ... do you have a specific, set number of pips as your target?

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Firstly I should say that I have only been trading this system for a couple of months and am still finding my way. I've been trading options full time for a couple of years, but now just trade FX using this system.

I use the 5 minute set up to time my way in to the 1 hour cornflower.Setting a limit order at the 12 or 24 goes against the grain for  me.I mightn't make as many pips, but I'd rather it was lined up on the 5 min. chart.

I do scalp as well. I started off with a goal of 20 pips per day, and increasing my lots each week, providing I made at least 100 pips the week before. I've managed to do that. Last week was 211 pips.This week I'm up 110 so far.My revised goal is 250 a week. I aim to scalp less as I'm trading too many hours. I read the Cornflower draft every few days to remind me what I'm looking for.Today I've been testing entry with the 8/24 cross on the 15 min chart, in line with the 1 hr Cornflower for entry and am still testing whether I should use the 12/24 on 1 hr for exit or the 8/24 o 15 min. As this is a pullback system rather than a crossover I still wait for a pullback. I'd love to hear from anyone with thoughts on this. I've found (in  my very limited testing) that quite a few times if I'd have waited for the 8/24 on 15 cross it is the same as a pullback on the 5minute entry without the stress. I'm rambling... Lack of sleep.Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Hey Bogus, way to go!

Nice reading your experiences with this system. Can I ask, what pairs do you trade?

Cheers,

PC

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Sorry this took so long to write and post. Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Hi, I trade the G/Y and A/u as my main 2. Yesterday I took trades in nz/$, $/Y and 3 in G/y. If I had just stayed in the G/Y and used the 15 minute as an exit I would have made more rather than trying to scalp. Still a work in progress. I have 12 pairs on one screen. They are; n/u,g/u,e/j,a/u,g/y,u/j,n/j,u/c,e/u,e/c,e/n,and u/c.

Cheers, Bogus

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Nice work. Thanks for the effort.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Good work bfs;

would you please elaborate more on the sine wave indicators?

i.e.  what is the formula and how you interpret them

cheers

Unicorn.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
thanks for asking. i will put something together and i will post it NLT this monday. the sine wave indicators are my major direction indicator; the secondary direction indicator is (collectively) that "ribbon" of vertical color on the lower one-third of the "wave" chart.

/s/ bfs

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Hi All,

First of all thanks to lever for sharing a great system. Honestly, I have read about Cornflower earlier but could not grab the concept behind. I was more on lower TF kind a guy. After trying various systems and blowed few demo accounts, I decided to get a serius Forex education.

I started looking for a strategies using higher TF, 1 Hour or higher and I decided to give myself another look at CF.After reading first few pages of the thread, I think its all start to make sense to me(of course education never end).

I'd like to clarify about the CF entry, looking at the chart, can this be considered as a valid CF entry? How do we certain the pullback is real?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Hi,

Draw the date line (dotted vertical line) on your chart by right clicking on your chart and going to properties (bottom) and selecting "period separators". Also, google  and search for "MT4 Market Hours indicator and add it to your chart, which will give you visual market hours for Asian, London and US sessions with colored horizontal bars.

View the behavior of the pair of your interest over the past days in relation to the market hours or time of the day. You will then have a better assurance of the retrace for entries and also for exits.

It's often pays if you enter when market gets active and that is usually the  pre-open to few hours of each market session. Also note that trends often reverse in the afternoon. Further watch out for  the  market close  and the time of the day/ day of the week for new entries.

The above applies to any intra day trading method or strategy.

My view on your down arrow is, it will likely to be a nice retrace for "long", but not for "short". It's a Friday close and you should wait until the market opens on Sunday afternoon and follow the move there on.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

RS

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
I cant open files (((

it will be nice from ur side if u put your articles and attachment in pdf file.

Thank u a lot

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Hope everybody had a nice thanksgiving...and much to be thankful for.

It seems there is (or was) a chat room for CF folks.  Could someone be kind enough to tell me where it is and how to get involved?  I can't find it.

Thanks

trademeister

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
The chat room is

http://rebatefx.com/chat.php

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Hi vanupips,

Here is the indicator. Hope it helps. http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

RS

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
sorry but i do not subscriibe to adobe, and as such cannot write pdf files. you shouldn't have difficulty opening the doc files in Microsoft Word.

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Are people still using Jacko's AH w/ Cornflower?  How have results been?

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
I had a look at this site, good, but not much posting lately. I trade this system, with its derivative 5 minute system all the time. I was wondering if anybody wanted to place live calls either on this thread, or probably on another one? Not as a tipping service, but to give the heads up to fellow  contributors.I don't know if it would work, it might fizzle out, but it could be worth a crack.Any takers?

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Hi bfs,

Thanks for your good work.

Is it okay for me to convert your word docs to PDF and make them available here at the forum?

Regards,

ProTraderFX

"The only way is up or down"

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
yes, please if u can do it

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Hi bfs,

Here are the doc files converted to PDF.

Regards,

ProTraderFX

"The only way is up or down"

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
thanks for taking care of that for us. will have several new pages and charts ready in the next day or two; had a request for more in depth analysis on the "sine wave" charts.

/s/ bfs

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
here is the explanation of the "sine wave" frame as used in the "forex-filter." hope i didn't beat this to death, but we need all of the tools at our disposal. ProTraderFX, if you're out there, i would again appreciate your converting this into a pdf.

happy pipping.

/s/ bfs

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Hi bfs,

"Sine wave" doc files converted to PDF.

Regards,

ProTraderFX

"The only way is up or down"

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
protraderfx, thank you. let me know if you all need anything else.

thanks again.

/s/ bfs

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Hi bfs,

You're most welcome. Happy that I've been of some help.

Regards,

ProTraderFX

"The only way is up or down"

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Thanks Risingsun for words of wisdom. I tried the different timezone indicator earlier, but decided to get rid of it because the chart looks like a mess (probably it was a wrong indicator).

Anyway, you were right. I should be more careful when to pull the trigger. I guess its because i was so "obsessed" with the method/thread and would like to contribue and discuss something.

Ok, any idea where GJ will go now? Weekly and Daily suggest potential uptrend.

Any comment?

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
The price is now below Ma24. Are we expecting a consolidation or breakout?

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Can this be considered as valid Cornflower entries?

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Thanx to steveaung........for the chat room link.   I am going on today.

Many thanks for your help.

trademeister

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Many thanks for your intriguing system BFS.  Obviously, a lot of work and knowledge went into it.  But I can only look at it with envy, as I'm not endowed with the programing skills or the software to replicate it.

All the best to you, and thanks for sharing.  I will keep the documents in a safe place for future reference.

Al

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Coral,
Thanks for the post. I didn’t intend on discouraging anyone with what I posted. What you see is a lot of glitz (i.e., horse and pony show) that took a lot of time to develop and assemble. That was the hard part; the easy (and fun) part is sharing it with my fellow traders. What I showed you really works and that is very exciting; anyone can learn how to do it.

I have never been exposed to the Meta Trader platform so I have no idea as to what their tools are. If you would like, I can put a template of the indicators together and you could use that to assemble a Meta Trader version. It won’t look like mine, but once you know how the indicators work in concert – you’ll be rolling in pips. Let me know.

/s/ bfs

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
I would be extremely grateful if you could do that, and I have no doubt that others would enjoy it also.  Thank you again.

Al

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hi BFS,

Yes, all I can say that thanks in advance if you are willing to share them. I'm from IT line, know bit of computer programming and been involved with MT4 for about 1 year. Looking forward to your contribution.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Hi everyone - I'm the new guy

I've been a programmer since high school and this weekend decided to teach myself MQL4.  The Cornflower system seemed like a good project to learn with due to its simplicity.  I didn't see that anyone had posted an EA for it - if I've missed it, my apologies.  Hopefully I'm not stepping on anyone's toes here.

I hesitate to post the EA itself as it is still in its development stages.  If anyone that has experience with MQL4 wants to see it, they're welcome to PM me for it.  Backtesting shows some modestly successful gains over the past three months.  These gains are all based on trades of one lot at a time.

EURUSD - 753 pips

AUDUSD - 721 pips

USDCAD - 669 pips

USDCHF - 254 pips

These figures initially excited me, very much!!  But further examination tells me it can be better   Some notes:

1) While the EA is profitable, profitable trades occur only about 50-60% of the time.  Higher gains than losses compensate for this, however, I would like to refine the entry criteria.  More to follow.

2) I find that this EA works best with a currency that is strongly trending.  Even moderate choppiness (is that a word?) shows more losing than winning trades.  I added to the D1 chart EMA62, EMA200, and SMA800 (thanks Tiki) which improved this greatly.  I hope that fixing the point above will also help this.

Here's the entry strategy.  First, find the general trend direction.

if (EMA62 > EMA200 && EMA200 > SMA800) Direction = 1; // Uptrend

else if (EMA62 < EMA200 && EMA200 < SMA800) Direction = 2; // Downtrend

else return(0); // Choppy trend

Next, make sure the 72, 24, 12, and 8 EMAs are stacked properly.  (Reverse of this for a short of course.)

if (EMA72 < EMA24 && EMA24 < EMA12 && EMA12 < EMA8)

I have good luck with timing the entry using EMA24 and EMA8 on the M15 chart.  (Reverse for a short.)

if (EMA24_M15 < EMA8_M15)

Finally, I look to see if the bid has pulled back to the EMA12.

if (Bid < EMA12)

I've been experimenting with the angles of EMAs 8 and 24 on the M30 chart.  This seems to improve entries with some currencies, but not others.  Still debating whether to include this in the finished product.  (S1 and S15 refer to the parameter "Shift".)

if (EMA8_M30_S1/EMA8_M30_S15 > 1.0001 && EMA24_M30_S1/EMA24_M30_S15 > 1.0001 )

I exit when the EMA24 crosses the EMA12.

Well, there you have it.  I would MORE than welcome any and all comments that I could use to refine my criteria.  I'm mainly concerned with making the EA work in a choppy market...or at least recognize this fact and not trade.  Once it's done, I'm happy to post it...hopefully others can at least learn something from it.

Kindest regards,

Mango from British Columbia, Canada

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Hi Mango,

Very nice effort.

Could you post the backtest result together with visual chart just for the month of November 2007? I'd like to see and validate your ea entry as compared to original CF rules.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Hello Mango.

Pls send me your EA ({ email address deleted by staff }),

I wish to test it with my MT and my broker.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
To all those who sent me PMs,

I have discovered I cannot yet send PMs back to you as I am new to this forum.  If you don't mind PMing me your email address, I'd be happy to email you the EA.

Kindest regards,

Mango

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Hi, Mango, please send me your EA. I have not posted enough either.

My mail is: ({ email address deleted by staff })

I have noticed your presence on some of the same threads that I monitor.

I might have info that could help you.

Charles

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Hi Mango

I am interested in your EA , please send it to me at
{ email address deleted by staff }

Thanks in advance, I program as well so will eb abel to give you some comments if there will be any.

Jenna

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Hi Mango,

I'm also in BC, in Victoria actually. I assume you're in the lower mainland?

Anyway, if you'd like some assistance with your EA I'd be willing to help too. I'm relatively quiet on the forums but I've been trading for a few years now and may be able to help refine things for you.

Feel free to email me at { email address deleted by staff }

Cheers,

Boyd

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Hi Mango,

Can you send me the EA also. Thanks before... i am looking forward for this EA...

this is my email : { email address deleted by staff }

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
hey mango,

please send me your EA at { email address deleted by staff }

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Hi, Mango, please send me your EA. I too have not posted enough either.

My mail is: ({ email address deleted by staff })

I have noticed your presence on some of the same threads that I monitor.

I cannot do backtesting, but can help with forward testing

thanks,

Ron

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Hi Mango,

Could you please attached your EA in the post? I'm sure this will benefit all trader following this thread.

Others,

Who are still interested in CF style of trading, why dont we start sharing chart of possible trade. Also, trader with EA, you can share your entry so we can match that with manual chart.

Great trading to all.

CW

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
If you can would you please send a copy of the EA to my email address....{ email address deleted by staff }

I will start to test and report results.

Thanks,

Scott

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Anyone following AUD/USD?

Looks like a valid setup for me. Let see how the trade develop.

CW

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Hi,

I am also interested in the EA. I will do forward testing on a small live account.

Please send it to { email address deleted by staff }

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
hi there,

if i get it right, u need a filter for the EA avoiding choppy times.

here's the suggestion, u can try applying RSI with 14 period Close. and use only level 56 and 44 for the RSI.

if the RSI is in between these 2 levels, tell the EA to avoid opening any post. while for buy definitely above 56 and below 44 for sell trigger in accordance to the Cornflower original rules.

this RSI thingy has been suggested by someone in this forexfactory forum. but i dont remember who. and please remember I am not the originator of the idea. please give credit to the deserved ones.

and i hope u your EA will be succesfull. thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
The MAs are not properly line up according to the rule yet(MA 12 is greater than MA24). I am looking to short once the price break the lower trendline.

CW

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Mango, thanks for sending the E A, but it didn't come through, maybe because I'm on G mail. I'll just wait until you can post it on the forum. We all appreciate your hard work.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
I follow the A/U. Although it looks correct, I've found  it better to wait, if it is going up, for a retrace so that all the MAVs are taking off in order once they have crossed the 72 and regrouped. It just seems a bit safer.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
I've got a bearish bias for this pair. I think angle is as important as order of MAVs. The H&S on weekly is stareing me in the face.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Although this meets the rules, it could be a sloppy inverse H&S. Also NFP today. I'm not going to trade it.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
I hope you held on to the AUD/USD one, because you were right!

I just entered this one today at a good spot. I entered just as the bar touched the 12...so maybe a little to soon, but well see.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Agreed with you on this. 4 Hour and daily chart does not suggest a clear direction as well.

CW

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Hi saint_berzer,

Hope both of us are right! Little too early to tell. Market is slow, maybe due to NFP scheduled for release today.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Hi Bogus,

Do you mind sharing the chart for Head & Shoulder you were referring to?I attached mine, and i hope we are referring to the same.This will surely help us all to see in bigger perspective. I dont expect GJ to go beyond the trendline.

CW

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Looks like AU is breaking to the south side. Hit my SL. Perhaps the trade was taken little early (e.g. the price has not yet consolidate between MA 12 & 24).

Also, good to note that this trade was against the longer trend(4 hr & Daily).So I think we are just trading little retracement here.Let just do what others do, follow the trend. Another opportunity will come for sure. Lesson learnt!

CW

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
thats the H&S.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
can anyone help me with like or post the Forex Factory Calendar Indicator?pls

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Hi CW,

I'm not yet ready to post the EA yet as it is still in development stages.  However, I have been receiving some great suggestions from members of this forum and hope that they will improve it a lot!

Kindest regards,

Mango

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
I missed the trendline breakout. Let see how far loonie will go.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Hi mango,

No problem at all. I'm just giving a suggestion, because we have many traders here who are willing to help in testing, including myself.

CW

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Better than expected us pending home sales was not enough to support loonie. I'm waiting for the price to close below 1.0050.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Looks like NZD/GBP is setting up.

Not a recommendation , just an observation

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Does UJ has enough power to pass 110 level? I'm looking to short this pair, and as usual, most of the time i am wrong.

CW

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Sorry but i have a noob questions ...

For entry positions should i wait untill all the lines are in the right order 8,12,24,72 or vice versa .... Or can i open the trade as they seem to be heading ??

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Hi WARaintOVER,

Cornflower is a trend continuation system. If you refer to the first port by lever, he mentioned about all MAs used in Cornflower.

According to the rule, to initiate a position all MAs must line up approriately. For example, to go long, MA8 > 12>24>72. In an uptrend, wait for the price to bullback between MA12 and 24. Watch the price bounce from that consolidation range and thats were long position is taken.

CW

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Lever is a woman.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Silly me, I got the wrong fact. Apologise to lever if she reads this.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Thanks Cyber

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Im watching this for a possible retrace, then a short entry.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Well, it's been a long time since I've posted. It's nice to see this thread percolating along in my absence. I intend to start participating again.

The market appears to be in flux. GBPUSD broke its weekly trendline. If it ends the week below it, we could see a futher decline of around (EDIT) 1200 pips (Tom DeMark's trendline methods gave me that figure). Of course, the market can do anything, so be vigilant. Cornflower will always tell you what the market IS doing, and you should always trade on that basis. Remember: Predictions are fictions!

I have posted to the Trading Toom an overall outline of my method. You can't post there unless you have 1KT status, but feel free to ask me questions here and discuss amongst yourselves. Here's the link: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=61722.

Happy holidays and good trading!

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
I love these systems, give me more variety of trading styles.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Question:  In an early post you said the Cornflower was especially good for the quieter Asian session: can the Guppy be used in any of the three sessions?  I know this thread is strictly for the C.F. but I had just set up my charts with the 12 EMA's when I saw your quote.  I also downloaded the "rules". Thanks, d.

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Yes, so long as the market is moving.  But it hasn't been often that I've found the Asian session worth my while.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
The one thing which I always a problem with is: How does one tell if a retracement back to the EMA will actually be a retracement, and not actually break though it?

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
LOL!  If you could do that every time, you'd have the holy grail.

One thing you can do is wait to see whether the trend is resuming after the pullback.  You want a candle closing near the top or bottom of its range, and in the direction of the trend indicated by CF.   The candle must also be "real," i.e., a decent pip range.  In the Asian session you'll see candles whose range is less than 10 pips.  Ignore those.

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Great check list you posted. Thanks for sharing your system.Happy holidays.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Huh... what gave you that idea tdion ??

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Hi there,

Happy new year to all and hopefully 2008 will bring more pips to us all.

To lever,

Welcome back and looking forward to more brilliant ideas from you. Really enjoyed your other post in trading room. I'm just trying to suggest something here, and if you think that doesn't make any sense or does not comply with Cornflower, you may delete the post.

Now, regarding Cornflower, i have a suggestion regarding trade entry. As we all already knew, there is no clear signal in Cornflower to enter a trade, it is based on trader own judgement. We all looking at the same thing with different perspectives. Pullback and trend continuation is subject to individual interpretation and we dont have specific "number" or quantity to justify our decision. So, what i'm trying to share here is to look at specific "condition" to happen before we open a position.

Please refer to the attached chart.

It is based on basic S/R. The idea is to enter once the S/R is broken and all Cornflower rules must agree. Attached is a recent USD/CHF with a nice downtrend. The yellow line is where the support got broken and also where we open a short position. I know we might miss some pips here, but i think it can save us from false entry.

Happy trading to all

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Attached is the current chart for EUR/USD. Possible long entry if the resistance at 1.4700 is broken

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
I played around with that idea as well.  Also, I've been trying to minimise the pips lost by using short trend lines as well.  They don't always work perfectly, but a lot of the time when the trend line is broken, it's usually a good signal for a re-entry.   Anyway, see the examples and see what you think.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
That looks like playing with fire to me........

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
....but at the end of the day, all we're doing is kicking a few ideas around.  I did suggest that the method wasn't perfect.  Cyberwang's idea is a sound one, in that he's looking to try and "pin-point" a definite entry after a pull-back.  I'm of the same opinion, and seeing as he's offered his suggestion and I've posted mine, perhaps others will join in with some more ideas.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
I guess thats what I've been doing, waiting for resistance to be broken. Like Cyberwang said; you'll miss out on some pips, but it is  a fairly safe way to trade.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Hi eyevoltage,

Good suggestion you have here. Do you have a minimum number of bars to draw a trendline? Do you wait for end of candle for trendline penetration before opening a position? Of course there is no perfect method, otherwise we would stop learning and sharing already. Keep it going!

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Hi Bogus,

Do you mind sharing charts of your trade? Do you have specific method/indicator to identify S/R level?

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
As with any pull-back system, it seems that there is no definite point where a re-entry can be considered.  In other words, it's all purely discretionary, although I would bow to lever70 if she differs in her opinion regarding Cornflower!  For me, however, (and you, cyberwang, it seems), a less discretionary point of re-entry might make decisions a little easier.  Which is why I've been playing around with small TL's whilst demo-ing the system.  During a pull-back, I would usually wait for at least 3 candles before drawing the TL.  If the TL is broken inside the 8/12ema area, this can, a lot of the time but not always, signify the start of a decent move and well worth a trade re-entry.   However, if price has pulled back into the 12/24 or the 24/72 area, then regardless of TL breaks, for me it would definitely be a wait and see period.  I'd just prefer to handle TL breaks and re-entries around the 8/12ema zone, but that's just me.  Oh, and my re-entries would always be at the opening of a new candle after a TL break.  Trader's discretion will always (rightfully) be required, but anything that helps with his/her final decision  can't be bad, can it?

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Nicely said. Many experience traders said its diffcult to share the experience, sometime we have to discover it ourself. I guess discretion is one of them. As for me, like you said, i'm looking for clear entry to avoid "misjudge" and i guess this is due to lack of experience.

I'll play around your TL idea. Do you have specific pair for this type of entry?

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
No, no specific pair, mate.  At present, I'm monitoring GBP/CHF, CAD/JPY and EUR/JPY.  However, I guess any pair will do.  My reasoning is that if this little method works with one pair, then I can't see any reaon why it shouldn't work with another.  Not very scientific, I know, but each to his own, as they say.  I'm aware that different pairs have their own particular characteristics, but a pull-back is a pull-back, no matter WHAT the pair, wouldn't you say?  We'll just see how it goes.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
I'm looking at shorting nzd/usd. There is nice angle and separation of the mavs, its also below the 200 ema. It's making lower highs and lower lows. I'll be placing my stop above the previous peak at .7750, not as a stop to get out on, but to allow for spikes, and will bring it down once I see it carrying on my way.I think once it gets past .7650 it could be a nice trade.

Then again I could be wrong:

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
It's funny how all of a sudden there are several members talking about using S & R and trend line breaks in helping to decide when to enter a Cornflower trade -- especially since previously, virtually during this entire thread, there has been almost no mention of this (using S & R breaks and TL breaks). I say this because, after following this thread and this system for SEVERAL months now, I have also VERY RECENTLY (beginning at the start of this past week) began using S & R for the first time with the Cornflower system in helping me decide when to enter (and exit) a trade! It's like everybody all at once is deciding to add this element to the system -- which is a good thing (in my opinion)!

What got me to consider using S & R is after my visit for the first time to the HectorTrader.com website. He has a system that is somewhat similar to the Cornflower in that his system also involves moving averages and basically entering off the bounce of those moving averages (though his MA's are different than the Cornflower MA's). The point here is not his system but instead I'm pointing out how he goes about trading. He has a lot of free videos and information on how to trade that has really, really helped me. He has a course he is selling, but I believe you can learn a lot from his free info without buying the course. Please don't interpret this as some sort of advertisement for his course. That is NOT why I mentioned it. I don't even own his course; I just studied his free videos. I am just giving out a tip to help out anyone looking to improve their trading -- for free. It really is one of the better forex sites I've visited.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
rjb,

Most definitely Lever is a woman. I remember reading a few posts on this that made it clear, though I can't remember now exactly what was said.

If by a very, very small chance that I am wrong, Lever can correct me.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Hi lever70

Wow!!! what a concise and easy to understand system you have.

Thanks for sharing it with us.

have to go play with it now.

Regards

Ozzibob

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
eyevoltage,

I have been trading the "pullbacks in a trend" for a while. I prefer to use "counter-trendline" break to enter after the pull back, like your charts show. It work for those who trade short term swings.

Goodluck.

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Thanks for the info, mate.  I was wondering if anyone else was using small TL breaks!

Good luck to you also.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Hi ya Everyone,

How's everyone going with the CF System for 2008??..hopefully everyone is seeing $$$$ ....

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Hi guys,

i am a new member here but i have been around following the thread and the corn flower system, one of my frineds recommened it for me! and i must say it's a gr8 system! i am still in the demo phase and i am experimenting around with it...just decided to open my posting account with this qs...

lever 70 in your first post you suggest that the cornflower system should be used in the 1 hr to 30 min time frame...

here is a 5 min TF of gbp/usd a few mins ago...

http://img70.imageshack.us/img70/616...giphtf5.th.gif

now if you see the recatngled areas show the bounces and pull backs the cornflower ssytem is supposed to reap profits from....my qs is when this system is equally appliacble in the 5 min TF why not try it out in these TF's...i read in your first post that the shortter TF's are avoided to avoid many "whipsaws" later on you also mentioned something abt the system being effective if some light is shed on the shorter TF's too...i would like you (or ofcaorse anybody else) to shed of some knowledge please!

regards,

Ghous

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
I have used the CF on the 5M TF with success.  I also used the 5M in conjunction with the 15M, 30M and the H TF's.  When all four TF's lined up, I would place the trade.  I prefer now not to use anything less than 15M, and have been working on using the 4H TF with the 1H and 15M TF's to determine entry points.

Good luck in your trading.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
hat's off to this system, gave me 60 pips today after that friday downfall of the gbp/usd.....as expected the cable found some resistance at the 72 EMA (specially in the 30 min TF)

here is the 30 min present TF of the GBP/USD:

http://i81.photobucket.com/albums/j2...pifagiph-1.gif

HAPPY PIPPING EVERYBODY!!!

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Hi all. I was wondering if anyone that is still pondering this thread could explain how you guys make interpretations on entering the trade on a lower time frame once you have found a setup on the 1 HR.

I noticed a lot of the post have used the lower time frames as a screen. Example would be that you have a pull back to the 12 and 24 area then they check the 5 mins to see when it is ready to pull the trigger.

So do you look for say in a down trend for the 5 min moving averages to all be below the 72 and pointing down or is there some other specific? Ive never really been able to understand taking the seperate time frames and basing a decision because they always seem to be showing two different directions until its too late to get in? Thanks in advance everyone.

Hef

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Trends start to build from the lower time frames.  I use the 5M TF for  confirming the trend on the 15M (the 15M is the TF I prefer to use for most of my entrance decisions.)

I like to see a strong trend on the 15M. I consider the trend to be fairly strong if the candle closes after crossing the 72 and the other three ema's are lined up in the direction of the trend (I also want to see at least two of the ema's have crossed the 72.)

I would suggest picking one or two currency pairs (GBP/JPY, GBP/USD, EUR/USD are good to start with) and following them for several months.  While the Weekly and Daily charts won't change much, the 4H, 1H, 30M, 15M, and 5M should give you a good feel for each individual pair.  You will find that after a while, some TF's will work better for your eyes than others (some traders make their decisions on the 5M chart while others use the Daily or Weekly, and you will find followers of every other TF in between.)   Purchase some notepads (I buy them by the dozen) and take copious notes.  The more you do now, the better it will be later.

I hope this was of some help.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
clansman, what a good man you are. thank you for such a detailed and heartfelt answer to this guy. it would be great if more people in the trading community care so much about other people's professional development and trading success. best of luck with your trading, bro.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
A recent review of lever70's and linuxtroll's past writings on Guppy style Multiple Moving Average (MMA) templates inspired a "rainbow" version for my own use.

There appeared to be some advantages to having fine measurements, similar to the markings on a ruler. Across different time frames, a clear picture can emerge.

Links to past writings of lever70 and linuxtroll on MMA type charts:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=27574

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...?t=8742&page=3

Two MetaTrader 4 template versions are attached below.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Thanks eula44.  I believe when you help others, you help yourself.

May your trades run long, and your profits pile up.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
all can you guys tell me if this is a valid entry per this system i went short on the down red bar off the 24 ema and still below the 72 ema. im looking at t apossible break of the lower TL. again this is a 1 hr pullback entry.

Thanks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Hi Enoc. I personally wouldn't trade this. Basically its ugly. The mavs aren't smooth and pointing in the direction you want it to go. Sure the mavs are in order, but if you look at the 4 hour time frame with the same template you'll see its curving around and heading up.On the 1 hour its making higher lows and higher highs. Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
yes it does thanks alot i ended up getting stopeed out on my demo acct, it looks like a good long setup

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Hi there,  I'm new to the thread but have been working my way through the entire thread. I couldn't download Lever's PDF or the one at RebateFX and would massively massively appreciate it if anyone can provide a copy that is possible to access.

I've been trading FX a while using my own discretionary system but have to say that the CF way is very good so well done to you Felicia.

I will be trading live with it shortly once I get through the thread and will be happy to share the experience and a bit of banter with anyone else out there.  I live in the UK and work as an Investment Manager with Bloomberg as my tool so am able to trade in GMT.

I've noticed the thread has gone a bit quiet. Are you are out there Felicia ?

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Hi stumpy! sorry i won't be able to help you much with your query, (more guys here would prove to be of better help i am sure) but i agree with you that the thread has gone very quiet! wonder where is everybody, actually saw it back up amongst the popular system threads after months!

hey just wanted to share something with ya'll, the system is mainly intended for the 1H (i'm talkin' abt the pull back startgey) i see that it works absoluetly fine with the 4H, infact i have been using the 4 hour to consistenlty reap upto 40-50 pips in each of my 4H trades! so it is'nt a bad idea to use more tfs then just the 1H, if there is nothing on the 4H which suits my entry rules i atleast get to know the overall zoomed out trend, i even use the daily for the purpose mentioned in the latter part.

have ya'l tried anything diff then the 1H??

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
I use the 4H TF (with bullrock's calculations of 10, 15, 30, and 90 for the ema's.)  If the 4H reveals an opportunity, I use the 1H and 15M TF's to make my entrance decisions.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
i think that's actually a better idea, although i have profited with this system on the 4H i often notice i make upto 40 pips per bounce but then most of the times it takes me very long sometimes more thena  day to achieve the target, besides i have to risk my little capital in keeping my SL a bit deep in the outfiield, i'll try this stargey out and post the updates soon clansman, thanls for the idea!

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
ok i have another qs, if somebody can answer...

i was studying the long term entry, so called the initial entry, but i am just a bit confused, Lever70 earlier mentioned that it's best worked on the 30 min, the exit is very clear to me i am confused on the entry... do i take it when the candle moved above or below the 72 ema with authority or do i enter when the 12 and the 24 ema cross?? on many occasions i saw that the ema's will cross but the trend won't develop but retrace all the way back to the 72 ema...if somebody trades the longer term trades (aiming for three figure pips) can you assist me?

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
DUH!!! DING! DING DING!!!! anybody home...knock knock.....

where is everybody man! this thread this system has all the right to stay on top with lot's of active participation...no more CF followers around or what??

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
I wait until the candle closes after crossing the 72 ema.  I prefer to see it close with at least 25% of the body of the candle on the closure side of the ema.

The direction and separation of the ema's are as important as the retracement.  If the ema's are lined up and headed in the same direction, then there is a better chance of the trend continuing.  If the ema's are bunched up and running flat or crossing over, the trend is not as strong.  The steeper the angle of the ema's the stronger the trend.  Also, the steeper the angle, the less the retracement.

When I first started looking at the Cornflower system, I put four charts up side-by-side (Hourly, 30M, 15M, and 5M.)  Each with the four ema's. I then studied the charts and their relation to price action.  Patterns start to stand out after a bit of study.

I hope the above was of help to you.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
yes that was very helpful Clansman, i'll work this startghey out for the next week on demo and see what the results are.

thnx bro!

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
I have spent the weekend reading through this thread and this system looks great!  I really appreciate the effort you have put into it Lever70 and indeed all the other contributors.

A quick question, when monitoring a chart for a H1 pullback entry do you use the EMA level from the previous closed candle which will be static or the changing EMA from the current unclosed candle?  In other words at what level would you set an alert for an entry at the 24 EMA - would it be when price hits the EMA from the previous closed candle or when price equals the changing EMA in the current un-closed 1 hour candle?

I hope this question makes sense!!

Thanks

DP

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
i understand your question dpfuller, this was my problem when i first started off with this system, it has something to do with your "feel" for the system which you tend to attain once you have spent some time with this system. for now you just need to know that you want the price to "settle" between the 8 and the 24 ema's which means it could be somewhere between 8 and 12, or maybe on the 12 or right at the 24 ema.

let me give you a few hints that will help you on your way

1) newly build trends will tend to pull back right off the 8 ema if the trned is strong and showing good signs of staying for some time.

2) mature trends will often find the support at the 12 ema or somewhere between the 12 and the 24 ema

3) exhausted trends will often look to sneak right through the 24 ema (represented by long wicks below the 24 ema by a candle or an actual close below it...note: the pull back mgith still occur but an entry at this stage will be riskier)

4) always enter at the start of the new candle don't be greedy, if you have missed the pullback candle look for other pairs, don't try to force your pips and squeeze them in your palm...they will work like fine sand, the more you press the more it slips through you fingers...

5) right so we enter at 00:00 of the new candle...?? wrong. you wait for atleast 5 mins of the 1 hour candle to see where the orice wants to go, again that helps in filtering some of the bad trades...if within 5 minutes you don't see a positve pullback sign wait further which will sometimes last the entire candle and we enter on the next candle

6) as a beginner keep the aggressive entry of this system out of your head, this is how i made majority of my losses when i first started off with this system....note: by new i mean new to the system and not to forex trading necessarily...

7) Look at multiple Time Frames pleeeeze!!!!! this may seem tiring, but it is very very important, you need to have all the four ema's on more then just the 30 min and the 1H Tf. i use it on the 4H and the daily too. once you do it you'll notice that all of these pullbacks and CF features also occur on these larger TF's....sometimes you see a clear trend on the 30 min and the 1H yet the price goes against you...why? many a times the price found the 72 ema on the 4H which was nowheer near the price in the lower TF's!!! there are many other times when you'll see that the price actually wants to follow the larger TF's as well so do use them.

8) if possible just do place another ema which is the 365 ema (applied to close) on all of these TF's....the reason is the price will "always" and no that's not an exaggeration...the price will always show respect to it, no matter what, if not right on it somewhere around it...it's very veryt powerful so do have this special ema to complement your 4 CF ema's too

i think that's it, as you go deeper into the system you'll see how good it is, and it has much more to it then just this....i.e the pullback entry and the aggressive entry. you can use it in many other ways and in every system!

Regards,

Ghous

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Thanks Ghous,  great reply.  I am a lot clearer now and will certainly look at the higher TFs to judge direction as well as the lower TFs to fine tune entries.

Happy Trading

DP

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Well said ghous.  Sounds like you have a good feel for Cornflower now.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
After using the posted "rainbow" Multiple Moving Average (MMA) chart for several weeks, it appeared that it could be improved by adding Bollinger Bands, as referred to by lever70's postings regarding her M5 template.

The ForEx Factory has over 1,100 postings related to Bollinger Bands. It has been my observation that the price often stops at a Bollinger Band, in some time frame, prior to pulling back to a particular Cornflower line.

To save on ink, a template version with a white background was requested by a colleague.

Links to past writings by lever70 regarding Bollinger Bands:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...er#post1426279

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...er#post1427698

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...er#post1429369

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...er#post1433438

ForEx Factory Site Search for Bollinger Bands:

http://www.forexfactory.com/sitesear...earchtype=site

The colors of the rainbow are Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Indigo, and Violet.  ROYGBIV  "Roy G. Biv" and "Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain"

Two MetaTrader 4 template versions are attached below.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Hello All -

I have been reading through the Cornflower H1 system for the past month. Went through the whole thread and backtested results on various currency pairs.

I used a sample $600 account for backtesting

Here are my results:

EURUSD : Consistently good results, doubled the account in some months. 75%-85% winning ratio

GBPUSD: Drove account to zero by just following the rules. Only 35% winnign ratio

But - but when I looked for confirmation on multiple timeframes (M1,5,15 & 30) before entering, the results turned quite positive. 65% winning ratio

USDCHF: Fairly good results, though drawdowns can be as much as 50%. 45%-50% winning ratio

USDJPY &GBPJPY : No matter what I do, it always drives my account to zero.  (

Now the question is - what can I do to improve on the yen pairs - so that CF gives uniformly positive results across the board?

Does anyone have similar experience?

How do If I play around with the EMA's specifically for the yen pairs - without getting into the curve fitting world?

Overall - I found the CF much more consistent than many other systems. How does one improve on it?

Best - shaltradeR

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Hi all. I like this system. On the picture attached, would this be considered a valid sell signal.

thanks, and excellent job on this

Ed

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
i won't say so...the reason is that the last bear candle although shows nice bear domination it still is'nt good enough for an entry, we don't know if the 72 ema will provide support to price, the system focuses on the price moving dominantly above or below the 72 ema..not around it. a better entry would be to wait for the next candle and see if it actually penetrates and close below the 72 ema with authority. (tiny or absent lower wick) at that instance you could go back to the 15 min or 30 min and look for candle pattersn to gauge bear strenghth and it's contiuation...we then enter.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
there has to be some problem with the way you're using the CF this system deserves to give you better than that..for how long have you been using it shaltrade?

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Hi ghous: Thanks for checking this up. I actually took the cornflower rules - made it into an EA - and backtetsted it on the hourly for the last two months.

The entry rules are simple:

EMA's are all stacked - and measuring the change in EMA angle gives me a pretty reliable indicator when 8 or 12 are pulled away forcefully from  the 72 (the conservative entry). I was able to improve the performance by checking for momentum in the lower time frames as well - helps avoid choppiness for EURUSD and GBPUSD. For USDJPY and GBPJPY I see too much choppiness with the CF EMAs.

Am I missing a point here? Please let me know.

Best - shaltradeR

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Hi everyone:

Long time lurker, learning the details of the cornflower. I know that Lever70 said she uses Oanda as a broker, who do you use for your charts.  I hope to get the hang of this and start posting trades.  It would be nice for this forum to be hopping again. Thanks to everyone's tremendous generosity.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
I currently use FX Solutions.  I switched to them after my previous broker started to miss my entries and stops with regularity.  They do not use Metatrader, but since I prefer to trade manually, this is not an issue for me.

Good luck in your trading.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Hi Clansman - Who was your previous broker? I have been using IBFX - and they have 2 pips spreads on the EURUSD as opposed to FXS's 3 pips. Haven't had the problem you mentioned (yet!).

Best - shaltrade

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
My previous broker was FXCM.  I originally went with them in 2003, and left in 2006.  I have friends who are still with FXCM and have not had the problems I experienced.  As is the case with all things; people will have different experiences with the same item or service.

I did look at IBFX and tried their demo account for a month, however, I cannot remember why I didn't choose to go with them (sometimes, it's just a feeling of comfortability thing.)

While FX Solutions' spreads are 1 to 2 pips higher than some other brokers, I find the difference to be negligible when compared to the service I am receiving.  That being said, the minute there are connection problems, missed stops and limits, or any other "technical difficulties", I will look for another broker.

Good luck with your trading.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Long time lurker, now setting up charts.  Thanks to Klansman and everyone who keeps the thread going for us newbies.  Any idea if Lever will ever come back, miss her insights, maybe lots of classes. Thanks agains folks

Jim

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Hello,

I just started learning this system last week and still reading through the pages, really would like to know from anyone that has the information, what actually happened to Lever70 and who is the go-to person here, I have noticed that the thread does not have as many entries on a daily basis as it once had. I see in my short time studying this system, that there is great potential, but I just don't see no activity on the thread. Please, someone enlighten me.

Hlass

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Hi,

I am a fairly new Forex trader and this is my first reply to this topic. I have read all the pages related to this topic and have learned every single aspect to this system. To be quite honest, I have been very successfull trading with Lever's setup.

From what I have observed and experienced, this system became very popular and all of a sudden people began to walk away from it. I truly believe that the reason for this is that people are always in search for a Holy-Grail for whatever reasons or aspects of life there might be. There is a distorted notion that there's always a free ticket or an easy way out.

The truth is straight and simple: there's absolutely no free lunch!

Therefore, I must conclude that, from what I have experienced so far, this system works! You just have to be very patient and have the nerves to make it work! Not only this, but you will have to get your stuff together and do some studying behind it in order to combine this wonderful system with a couple of other useful data/information (deMarker - hint.) that will all work for you ultimately.

As for Lever, I truly don't know her. I might say that she is my greatest inspiration in Forex trading. Once I saw her system, and understood her approach to life (and trading itself), I understood that even in financial trading, we need some kind of muse or inspiration. Lever (or Felicia for all I know) became my first inspiration in Forex trading. I thank her very much for this... Although its been an absolutely unconscious move.

I believe she became a bit frustrated with people's lack of understanding of her system coupled with a misguided approach to trading. It can be quite exaustive trying to swim against a Tsunami... If you know what I mean...

Or maybe she fell in love with someone and married... Lets always hope for the good.

I also hope that she still keeps up with this thread.

If so, she would be very happy to know that some people did learn her system and took her approach to trading for granted!

Below, there are two good examples from a determined "student".

Best,

Jupiter.

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Jupiter,

Thank you very much for all your information and the charts were very nice as well, I hope to see many more people on this site, I think this could be a very good system to work and make some good pips.

Hlass

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
I have integrated Lever's system into my trading style.  I use it mainly on the 4H time frame to confirm entries.

Since Lever is a college prof., I would suspect that the demands of the school schedule this time of year are taking precedence over the forum.

As for the slowdown of posts, speaking for myself, I only post when I have something to say.

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
I've started to follow the markets again after a long absence due to personal (and yes, academic) reasons.  I'm ok, so no worries.  And I'm glad to see this thread active.

More to follow.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Hi Lever,

Thanks for your feedback! I guess we are all glad that you are ok!!

Hope everything is fine and kicking! Welcome back and I would like to wish you the very best from beautiful Rio de Janeiro, Brazil!!!

Now, back to trading...

I know there's a lot of helpfull information about trading and so many different indicators, oscilators and systems. But from my short experience as an FX trader, I find that no other instrument is as helpfull as correctly drawing Support and Resistance lines.

"I have seen people draw trend-lines from about anywhere on a chart from different threads here @ FF.

So, allow me to put one strategy that might improve some of your drawings.

An uptrend is when demand exceed supply, and bearish visa versa.

So, how can we spot this events on our charts ?

A strong support (demand-line) is when you have 2 bars to the left (bear-bars) and 2 bars to the right (bull-bars) and resistance the other way around. Look for this to occur for the second time and apply a line between this 2 points you have. Candlestick pattern like hammer / invert hammer would help the creditability of your lines too.

Also correlate with different timeframes, don't get glued with only one timeframe !"

Drawing correct support/resistance lines, will you help you very much. This combined with the trend indicator (Cornflower is great for this), will expand your chances of trading the brake in a successful way. As the pull back "hits" one of the EMAs (considering the "maturity" of the trend) and it rebounds to resume the trend, once it breakes either the resistance or the support lines, go for the trade. It will resume strong and the break will provide for a good ammount of pips. Just be carefull when you leave the trade... Don't get over exciited because it will be tempting! The pressure is high once it goes your way.

Having said, I always look to place trades over the support/resistance lines that are in favor of the trend and specially after a pull-back. About an hour ago (13:00 EST) There was a strong pull back at CADJPY that came all the way from the 72 EMA! It was stong. I was a bit afraid of a turnaround, but once the pullback broke the resistance line... I knew I was in business. I went for 25 pips easily.

I find that Tom DeMark Trendline is a very helpfull tool. I also know that Lever mentioned this before... So I will attach an indicator that will suit all of you that wish to trade the break along with cornflower. Hope it helps.

Wish you all the Best.

Jupiter.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Hi Lever:

What a great surprise to have you back.  I was just starting to learn your system when you stopped posting.  I also am not a banker or any other kind of math wizard.  Like you, just wanted to make money to do some good in the world. I'm excited and looking forward to hearing your insights into trading and life.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
I have followed your system since nov 07 and I wanted to thank you for this great contribution.

You have been a great inspiration to me in Forex trading. I have had your system on my charts and love the 72ema-it has kept me out of bad moves and clued me into great moves in the market. Most people talk about the 50ema or 200 ema but in my exp the 72ema has been spot on at least 85% of the time-what more can one ask for!

Finally, I agree that small bites of the apple on a consistent basis will get the job done faster then always shooting for that homerun-thanks

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Attached follows an example of trading the break accordingly...

By the way, there's a classic example of the Cornflower coming up on EURCHF.

It will pullback from th 72 EMA when it hits the H4 support line...

Let's see how it plays out.

Best,

Jupiter.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Sorry mate, but I have to disagree. in your example price did not respect the 72 ema and bounce off it. It went way through it and closer to the 200 ema. I personally wouldn't have taken it as it was too random. I don't see how you can have your trendline there until after the fact as there are only  2 points, where a trend needs 3.I agree on support and resistance with cornflower laid over the top, with price action being the key.I'll post a couple of charts. Sorry if this sounds harsh. .

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
This is my version of an ideal setup i took recently. The ema's were stacked in order on the right side of the 200.Price had made a nice little bounce for the emas to condense together before fanning out beautifully.I wait for the good setups, there has to be confluence to take the trade, sup/res and higher timeframes, fibs. I wish trades like this came along more often.

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
I did not take the other example. Especially with news coming. When I noticed the news, it never came... Otherwise, I truly believe it would of been a nice bounce...

It actually became a full reversal. It actually broke the 4H resistance line.

Jupiter.

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
I don't know if you read my post correctly... I only took the trade after the RESISTANCE break. The resistance that is showing up on this example, is not the original resistance. This is a new resistance after the originl break. The support line is fine. As you might observe, price hit SUPPORT and bounced back up. So this would explain your 200 ema... Not that it's magic or something like that.

Oh, and by the way, trendlines just need 2 points...

Jupiter.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Hi Everyone,

I  just came across this thread and I see that there have been alot of postings and I was wondering if anyone could point me in the right direction as to where I should begin my reading of this thread.  I know that over time rules change and things may be modified. I just dont want to start at the beginning only to find out midway through it has completly changed. I greatly appreciate any help you can give me. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Post #1 is still valid, though I'm no longer sure about the 30M rules. BStar's PDF document collects the most relevant posts. Here is the link: http://www.mediafire.com/?dojytmjnxn0

It's been quite a while since I've followed the markets. I need to spend time digesting what has happened before I post further. Stay tuned.

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
I don't see how your red trendline on the cad/yen example can be there as it is point 2 where it bounced, the bounce created point 2, then you could use the trendline in future, I don't see how you can say it bounced off it. Is it an automated trendline? With regard to "Cornflower", i don't see it bouncing off any of the emas.Price went straight through them.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Hi,

Thanks for the link. Hope you start posting soon to help the newbies confidence.

Alnames

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Hello ladys and gents

First up i just want to let you all know how big of a fan i am of this system, so thankyou to lever for teaching us all, also thanks are needed to the other people that posted and have shown that we need not go around trying this indicator or maybe lets change that setting.... because it all works fine. Having read the whole thread and used the system with positive results its great to see new traders finding out about it, i love the fact if i ever need my head reset i just go to post one and almost all i need to know is there, by using the retracement plan on a 1 hour chart and then switching to Lever's 5min chart for entry i have all i need. When used with the right trading head space there is no holding back me. Thanks again Lever , i hope life treats you well because you and your thread have helped me more than i can say!

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
This system is profitable. It makes money slow, but it makes money

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
one to watch for a short

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
First of all, I'm only trading EURUSD at the moment. An excellent pair for noobs and non-noobs alike, with a small spread and relatively stable and predictable price action. I quite like it, being a former cable junkie. And it's really good for short-termers, too. Unfortunately, the cornflower chart for EURUSD is a mess right now. In times like these, the shorter-term strategies I outlined come in real handy, and I have made a lot of pips in the last two weeks using them. It's been nice rediscovering trading. Apparently, I still know a thing or two about it.

The intermediate trend is down on EURUSD, i.e., dollar-positive. As you know, I am not big on predictions. But I think this trend will continue, and then accelerate. I've been reading a lot of news and looking over long-term charts. My conclusion is that the end of dollar depreciation is near, if not already at hand. I will comment more on this soon. But the GBPUSD daily chart tells the story, soon to be replicated by EURUSD and then the other dollar currencies. (The parity party on USDCAD is done too.) There is a lot of chatter amongst government ministers in both the USA and EU, all of which amounts to a desire to see the dollar move higher.

Watch your dollar shorts closely; they are likely to be reaction moves. Of course, your charts should be the basis for taking trades. But I suspect our money this year will be made on dollar longs. Of course, to quote Jacko, "I could be wrong!"

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Well well, that prediction isn't looking so hot at the moment, is it?    This is why I typically steer clear of such statements.  Always focus on what the market IS doing, not what it "may" or "ought" to do.

It's been a good week for CF longs on fibre (EURUSD), with a number of tradable pullbacks to the 8/12 zone.  It appears to have found support at the 72 EMA, but as of now there is no signal.

How is everyone doing?

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
good ridence

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hi ya Everyone,

Could someone please answer these questions??

When all of the moving averages cross do you wait for the Candle stick bar to pull back to the  the 8/12/24 MA's before you buy in??..

In cases where it just shoots straight for the stars do you just leave it and wait for it to finally come back to the MA's to wait for another set up and bounce of the MA's before you buy in??..

Any help please..

BIG thanx,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Do you remember which thread and where in the thread you outlined these?  This thread is 1300+ posts and hard to sift through.

J

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Hi Adrian - Shooting for the stars does happen. At the same time - more often than not - it runs out of gas almost the moment you get into it. That's where you need to take a deep breath and switch to lower time frames until you see a retracement - and then get in with good risk:reward.  Any system is only as good as the money management you use.

Best - shaltrade

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Hi ya Shaltrade,

Thank you very much for your advice and help on this, much appreciated

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Yes, and yes. Cornflower is all about waiting for the retracement.

Please consult the PDF file; I recently created a link to it. Truthfully, you should take the time and read the whole thread.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Hi ya Lever70,

Thanks for your help and reply and a BIG thanks for this system you have created ..

Lever70 ....sorry it might be a big ask but you know how you have created the 5min system to lock in and work with the 30min/1hour Cornflower system....is there some way of working this system again to work on the longer terms like 4hrs, daily and weekly and maybe some signals I should add to it as well??..

I have read alot of great articles now in FF like Jacko's thread, James16 and PeterFM to name a few and I am seeing a lot of mention of working with 4hrs and Daily to get larger gains and less stress rather than the lower time frames which can jump around and be rather erratic at times..

I'm sorry it is a BIG ask but is there a way of tailoring this system to suit please?? ..

A BIG thank you in advance if you can help in some way ..

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Thank you, Lever, for sharing this method. I have studied the H1 approach for the last year and have just recently paper traded and now demoing it. Today I have recorded 5 wins out of 6 demo trades, just using the H1 retracement method, with limit orders, 10 pips Stops and PT set.......using MIG MT4 charts and demo account. Total pips = 120 won, 10 stopped, so 110 net.

Potential profits (with hindsight) were much larger (and perhaps with practice I might eventually be able to realise greater rewards), but for now I am happy to set the trades with modest PTs and walk away to check results later........if I watch I am only too ready to hit the button as soon as I see a profit, depriving myself of a more respectable take as I see the price move on up after exiting.

Hope this gives some encouragement to others to try Cornflower.....I do believe it offers high probability trades when used sensibly......best way is to do exactly as it says on the tin, ie read the instructions supplied by Lever and apply!

By the way, I also traded today using a different method, losing 3 trades out of 3.......so, hurrah for Cornflower!

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Welcome Back Lever:

I was wondering if you are still using your profit bands? Did they turn out to be profitable for you. Welcome back and we'll all looking forward to your input again.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Hi Folks:

I was wondering if anyone was still using this system.  This thread used to have a lot of knowledgeable traders, but has gone quiet.  Are people successful but just being quiet? Thanks for your time

Jim

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Looks to be nice set up on the EUR 1 hour right now!

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Seems to me like price is attempting to establish some support but for me it is still not enough for a trade....

I am waiting for my macd to go green as a confirmation as well...

1 Hour Chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 Minute Chart

I do not give value to the 5 minute macd

But i do look at the ema and they are crossed down....untill the 3 short ema on the 5 minute chart dont cross back up I will not consider a trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Price is still holding at our 24 ema but seems to not have enough moment to hold as of right now. My 61.8 Fibbs is still holding...as long as my levels hold i will still think bulish ...price is also respecting a downward trendline.
1 hour chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All the cables are heading down until i at least get a cross of the 12 and 24 ema on smaller time frame i do not see the hold on the 1 hour chart tradeable,

5 Min Chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
If anyone whants me to look at any currency i will be glad to do so...

Trying to revive the tread.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
Hi Shermenator

Glad to see im not the only one here trading Cornflower, i would post charts but is really a little bit hard to do at the mo.

I tend to just run with cornflower by itsself, would you say you are using fibs and such as filters?

do you use a set formula?

I took 30 pips out of the Eur trade yesterday, not trying to big note myself.... just trying to help people see that cornflower works!

Anyway as i take trades ill post the results... if there is any questions just ask and ill try and help anybody out

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
If you fibb the high and the low of the previous day and look at the target of that the market does not ussually move past that in one day....you ussually get a pull back once they are meet.

You only go to t3 and t4 on other days such as nonfarm lol...

Second if the intraday targets are not meet it shows me weakness in the prior trend....Also if my intraday is bullish and the 61.8 fibb breack i do trade the reversal as i did today on the gbp/usd aiminf for yesterdays low and i already hit my target today...

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Top trade on the USD/JPY, bounced between 12/24 ema also not at a bad S/R level

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Ye bud it was great i took at it the breack of the high 106.83 and aim for my intraday t1 and that was 107.10....i play big fibbs with this...my succes rate is very high the way I use them...

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Well we had a nice short day and i was able to ride some of them ....

Now toady price has a reached a bottom and i expect a pullback at least to my intraday short (38.2) Fibb that is the area of my 24 ema....most like i will be taking a short closer to the 24 ema just to filter the fact that we had such a drop without any reasanable retracement...if we do in fact get the bouce of the 12 ema i would not take it unless it near frankfurt but not during tokyo session....

ot i will simply take the breack of the low ...of today if in fact that all I am left with.

Also be aware of the main trendline at the bottom...
Attached Image

If you guys whant me to look at any other currency I will be glad to do so.

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Price is pulling up I am expecting price to hold nicely at the 24 ema...it might go over a bitt...but as long as the 8 ema does not cross the 24 ema the short market is still looking good even if we do surpass the 24 ema by a bit..

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Hi Shermenator

I seeing much the same as you and I'm thinking long on the yen after a pull back, how do you see it?

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Or the yen could just take off like it did

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
I took the breack of the high....

I was expecting a deeper pullback but it just did not happen i just clsed my trade when the swing fibb hit its target....

I made 29 pips on the trade and 45 on the gbp/jpy since we also had a nice bounce up....

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Nice work  maybe now its the cables turn!

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Or it could just go and stop me out

Thats Trading!

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Pay attention to the double bottom...also be aware that the swings fibb 61.8 broke...that might make a run fo the high of it...second we have a bulish trendling in hold and its in a 60 degree angle...that makes it strong...

Also price overran yesterday surpasing the intradays target 2...

I ussually expect a resanable pullback to the intraday levels or a complete reversal day...

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Nice trade my freind I took the breack of the low myself andg out at the counter fibb....t1....since we have that upward trenline...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Todays results....4 trades ...

3 closed for positive pips....
1 trade is looking good I am on the plus side

Closed it with 10 pips positive...

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
If you guys whant me to look at any currencies let me know

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Looking bearish....

Yesterdays movement up did not finda any support at all of any of the levels and has now crossed to the bearish....I am now waiting for a rejection of tmy ema or the breack of the low of this swing....

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Looks like the bearish sentiment is loosing power as I am getting a cross of my 12 and 8 ema...price has lost momentum....also price is going up against a major trendline of resistance...and lastly we are currently going up against pivot of resistance. Unless my gann line does not breack i will not take a reversal of today....seems a bitt bullish as of right now...but to early for me to take action i will wait for franky for trur confirmation...we also have a bullish trendline on the market holding from the daily chart and we bounced from it yesterday....

Longer term bearish untill 61.8 fibb does not breack...

recent movement bullish but not enough yet for me to believe it a reversal yet.

Near franky time i will know...

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Price has slow down at the pivot and momentum on the bullish side has slow down...also we had a rejection of a main trendlin from 3 days ago....

we are also about to get the 8 ema and 12 ema crossing back down and that shows that bears are starting to add factor into the market also price foubd resistance at the 24 ema......

to have a secure entry on the bearish side i would wait for the upward trendline foremed from yesterday to break. Antything before that is not high probaility.Lastly what shows be that this trend is still holding is that fact that target of yestreday got hit to the pip. Also any trade taken in a short position today you have to factor in the major trend line from below. That means take care of all your pips and guard profits if price does decide to come down today.

Attached Image
Attached File(s)   fibbs 3.tpl

7 KB
|
636 downloads

Attached File(s)   fibbs 2.tpl

2 KB
|
586 downloads

Attached File(s)   Cornflower DRAFT.pdf

1.2 MB
|
5,755 downloads

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Nice cable setup a few hours ago... sweet bounce off the 24

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Thanks for thinking out loud folks. Or even celebrating wins so that some of us can continue to make the important distinctions.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Thanks my goal is for people to start trading this amazing strategy...

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Hi ya Everyone,

Could all help out with giving your different types of strategies for exiting your trades once they are going in your direction with the CF system?..I'm having problems with panicking and taking profits to soon and as a result missing out on some really large moves with the CF system ..

thanx,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
I use fibbs my frreind...look for the swing you are currenctly and exit based on fibbs...thats how i do it...

I also only take bounces when they match up with a a fib levels for a higher probability trade...

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
nice work!!!!!!!!!! thanks

Lily

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Can we share the fibb indicator with you? thanks.

Lily

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
I use pivot points and price action in my exit strategy.  I also check multiple time frames when making entrance and exit decisions.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Umm well this would take ma an entire thread to explaing how they are use...in combination with the emas my freind...

I place fibbs in the daily chart to know the overall trend i also place them in the 1 hour chart to know the location the market should arrive by the end of the day....

I would have to start my own thread bud...I will explaing a littel better in the fallowing post.

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Anything about the fibbs you whant to ask i have no problem ...

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
The systems for exit people have posted so far all sound good and robust!

I tend to use the 5 min entry chart for my exit, if the EMAs cross backover i take profit there.

If i am looking a bit longer term i take half when the EMAs cross on 5 min entry chart and let the other half run (lever gave us a hint in her 1st post about longer term exits)

Info on the 5min enty chart can be found around post 80 to 90 in this thread

But there is no right or wrong way to enter or exit a trade so long as you are winning and happy with the results you get.... remember if you count the pips not the dollars then the dollars take care of themselves (sorry just could not help myself )

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
I will give an update on a currency at least once a day...

Today i will show USD/CHF

I am sorry for the size of the image guys...I whanted you guys to get a nice zoom in and i will explain what i see....

Just by taking a look at the chart look at the wave formed from the low of june 9 to the high of june 11....and then compare it to the wave from the low of june 12 to the hihg of june 12 and last wave from the low of june 13 to the high of june 13....Just by looking at this you can see the waves getting smaller= that equals loss of streght. Second look how clean was the way back each wave and how you got each bounce of the fibb levels. Now simply by looking at the last day close look at how price started to make a,b,c,d down that shows more streght ont eh bearish side. Also price impacted a major tredline form a daily chart and it was simply a wick since all those candles above it are the wick on a daily candle. Alos if you place a fibb from the previous day swing price did not hit its 138.2 fibb that means weakness in the trend and possibell reversal coming up ahead...Also look at the angle of the 8 ema and 12 ema they are aiming down ...to me that shows that the short term trend is bearish....and that means dont go long unless price finds support below and hold the overall trend long in the 1 hour chart.

If you guys have any question let me know. Once again sorry for the size of the picture just whanted to make sure you guys can look at it well.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
The person i learned all this amazing fibbs from is from my Bud BOBOKUS. He has the strategy on fibbs and this is his thread http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=50767

He is an amazing trader.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Hi ya Everyone again,

Thank you so much everyone for your time and help on this for me ..

I've tried using fib's but they seem to confuse me a bit where people tend to start them from just about every where that looks to fit ....so i'm still a bit lost on these so i'll be going over BOBOKUS's thread that Shermenator kindly put me in the direction of and hopefully understand them better..

I'm just noticing a lot of people are using the 5min CF set up to home in on Buy/Sells could we say that people are actually just starting to trade off that now?..

Clansman you said you use Pivot point's, could you kindly attach your indicator so I could try it out please if so is this indicator used on all TF's or certain ones?

Sorry Lever70 for going into other indicators (pivot point's and Fibo lines) as i know you wish to keep the system simple with out all the add ons :-(

Thank you muchly everyone once again for all the help on this ..

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Hi Adrian

I only go to the 5min entry chart after i see a normal cornflower setup on the 1 hour chart, so yes you could say i trade off the 5 min chart but only after a set up on the one hour

Hope this helps (keep the questions flowing people)

Bob

PS good work Shermenator on showing us how he trades!

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Hi ya Bob inabottle,

Thanks muchly for your help and advice on my questions ..

I was wondering if you could explain how you trade exactly the 5min with the hourly as going over the CF pages from post #89 by lever70 on the 5min useage I seem to be getting blinded and caught up in the trap of just using the 5min to trade buy/sell and seeing with all this messing around I could easily have picked a rather nice large move on the hourly by just staying in and not getting caught up in the trap of buying and selling all the time with the 5min....

If you look at post #93 by lever70 she has left a good picture example on the hourly and 5min, however if you look at the 5min chart that Lever70 has put an up arrow and down arrow for buying and selling.. and then back to the hourly above it looks like you could have just stayed in the trade for a nice hourly move instead of selling so soon?

Am I missing the point with something about how the 5min locks in with the hourly and should be traded and blowing it with the hourly chances??

Could you please advise how you would use the system exactly?

Many thanx,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
I'm not really all that taken with fibs, but I'm willing to tolerate anything that helps people trade the system. Sherm seems to have good timing with his fibs. Whatever works.

Been busy again...will be a week before I can start posting.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
No problem Adrian ... glad i can help out

Well if you look at that chart (post 93) and where the arrows are you will see that there is about 20 pips between them, now i wont speak for lever but if i recall somewhere in this thread she said that 20 pips is a nice profit (remember shes a scalper at heart, 20 pips would be huge to her ) so maybe thats why she put them there... as well as price is not rideing the top band as hard... im sure there are heaps of reasons but i guess you getting the idea?!

Take that 5 min chart in post 93, if the EMA's had crossed back over then i would jump out of the trade there. If they just turned up again then i would keep rideing untill they cross. Thats just me .... Im not always right.... others have other ways of trading this system that are just as good!

The longer term exit i like (but dont really trade cos who wants to be in a trade any longer then they need to be?)

is the 8 crossing back over the 12 EMA on the hour.

I also like risk/reward to be good, if i use a 20 pip stop im shooting for (but not locked into) a 30 pip profit target  ....... easier said than done!

Hope this helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Could be nice trades setting up on EUR and Cable right now

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
Boy am i glad i stayed out of those trades

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Hard to see to many cornflower trades today at this early stage

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
I am in short in the gbp/usd looking for trendline...

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Hi ya Bob_inabottle,

Thanks muchly for your answers and help to my questions..it's definitely made things clearer for me

Can we have some more charts up please Shermenator..I learn better from your charts

Good to hear from you again Lever70 ..

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Wao! just ran thru the thread, wonderful system and great contributions, looking to demo trade it.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
what happened to this wonderful thread.  Have we all been so busy practising that we have no time to post our achievements?  Thank you Lever70 for giving us this thread, hope you haven't given up on us. I have found this method a great addition to my regular trading methods and would love to hear if others are finding that also. I must admit I am a bit reluctant to try the aggressive method, but the pullback is a winner. Shermenator thanks for your insights, i agree cornflower/fibs a great combination.

joy

lever70 please come back

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Nice set up on the AUD to grab a handy 20 pips ... not a bad way to kick the week off!

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
I took this trade on the swissy.... I will try and post a chart so you can see it, worked out well for 20 pips, I really like cornflower trades like this... the trend has been clear for a few days so the EMA's are spread out just as we like. Is starting to retrace a bit now so only time will tell if it would have worked out for the longer term traders.

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
I entered off the last 12 ema bounce

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Nice Job Bob, keep up the good work, appreciate you posting your charts, it helps in understanding.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Bob,

I thought you were using GFT for your charts, I noticed ODl on the charts you posted.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Jim,

Yeah i do trade with GFT but don't know how (or if you can) post Dealbook 360 charts, and not likeing the idea of not being able to post charts anymore i thought i might get a MT4 demo... Been fun as i have been able to test out a few EA's i have seen. I have to say so far for me that EA's are overrated.... thats not to say that they don't work for some people, i best stop ranting now about non Cornflower issuses or Lever might hurt me .... wonder whats shes up to?

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Hi Bob, good to see that you have been doing good with the system, can you tell me what pairs are you using for this system, it is primarily meant for Eu and Gu only right?

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Hi Ghous

I use it on AUD,CHF,EUR,GBP,JPY as well as the EUR/CHF.

I find it works well on most pairs (i like the swissy the most but thats just me) Really any pair that trends so you get the nice spreading of the EMA's should work fine,

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
thanx Bob for your quick response. May i alos ask that what time frames do you refer to or as according to the system you use only the 1H TF?

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Yeah pretty much 1h and then when i see a setup i go Lever's 5 min entry chart.... i do sometimes have a look at higher charts but if you stick to the 1h you wont miss much

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Guys, please, tell me do you see a good set up on some pair now according to the system? Can you send some charts emagies of your previous entries?Thank you

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
....

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
looks like somebody here needs to be spoon fed...

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Hi Lite

Glad to see you want to give cornflower a shot!  if you read the whole thread there are heaps of charts in there where people have posted trades so you could look at them if you need an idea of what a good setup looks like. Also why don't you have a crack a few trades yourself and then post about them here... im happy to go over them with you, but is much better for you to be looking for trades ... learning what to look for then it would be if i just told you to look at "x" right now.

Ill keep on posting and i hope you will too!

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Thank you very much for your support. I am reading carefully the thread now and try to find good set ups according to system. Bob what is your criteria for good set up? Chears

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Lite,

Take a look at the page before this one in the thread... i posted a CHF chart that i traded .... there are no right setups you just "trade what you see"... this become more clear as time go's on if you are new to trading, if your not new then you already know what im talking about

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Bob thank you. I saw your chart. Very clear. I am about 8 years in forex and I understood the system. I test it for about 2 weeks.  I think, and it is just my opinion, that CF is the best system in comperition to all other systems which I saw on forexfactory pages.  But it is just my opinion. If to add Fibo levels and TD trendlines to this system, I suppose it will give very strong results. Do you pay attantion to Weekly and expesially Daily charts before enter on 1H?  Do you use for enter 4H?   Do you use 5M for more exact enter on 1H? Thank you for your help,Bob! Wish you many pips

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
i am combining the cornflower with trendlines, price action and the 4H Macd strategy also mentioned in this forum on the higher time frame to get the overall view, although this system has enough ammo to fire on it's own it might still be a bit difficult to rely totally upon these 4 emas to succeed, specially when new to the system....just my 2 cents...

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
min

Lite,

I tend to only be looking for 20 - 30 pips on each trade, i have found the 1hour chart using the 5min for entry the best way for me with cornflower, there is nothing wrong with having fibs or whatever it is you want to use as long as you get the results. ... keep posting and tell us all how cornflower works out for you ... good or bad

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Thank you Bob.  Tell me please, how do you enter on 5min chart after decision to enter is taken on 1h chart?  How do you exit? just after 20-30 pips are reached?   I use the 10 and 80 EMAs on 5 min.,which give a good entry point after crossing.  Also,using Fibo levels, TD trendlines and BB and previous tops and bottoms or consolidations allow me to choose with very high rate an entry point from 8, 12, 24 or 72 EMAs on 1H.  So,it is possible to choose the EMA of high probability pullback. MACD and STOCH I use for Diverganceies only.  STOCH gives Divergence earlier than MACD or even MACD Histogramm.  Thank you Bob for your efforts to help

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
I use Lever's 5 Min entry chart (around post 80-90 in this thread) and i guess i use it like her.... not so much into Bolinger Bands as she is but i guess they help!

The first thing i work out for any trade is the stop level i am going to use, for me i want a stop of no more then 20pips, because i am always looking to keep my risk/reward ratio positive (1:1.5 is good) i would be looking to take 30pips on such a trade. so if the stop is to big then i don't take the trade and wait for the next one.

I have attached a EUR chart that just took place with a nice 24 bounce, i only trade the 12 or 24 bounces. Trade what works for you ... I by no means am the template

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Bob thank you for a chart. Whats concerning to 5 min. Levers set up do you mean the enter when price is between  5 and 10 EMAs and the both EMAs are above the 50EMA?

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Yeah pretty much, i think it's just something you get a feel for with practice :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Now thinking about it the 5 needs to cross the 10 on the 5 min .... i find that helps too!

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Bob, when you have a nice long set up on 1H, but 4H is still pointing down,bearish, do you enter using just 1H set up?   If you have 1H set long ready, Daily bullish, but 4H bearish, do you enter on 1H in this case?  And the very last question: If 1H and 4h bullish, but Daily is bearish according to CF, do you enter long on 1H? Thank you

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Lite,

This is where the water gets muddy and hard to see through

Well the way i look at the sort of "problems" you are asking about is to say that there are ...

Trends Within Trends.

So really its up to you, i wont tell you how to trade, only that people who have posted in this thread have said they use the 4h along with the 1h, others also use fibs, some use other things.

I normally would look to a higher timeframe if i need more backup to take the trade, and if i am thinking this way in the 1st place then maybe i should NOT take the trade!

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Bob, can you,please, send me a pdf /acrobat/ document with CF method explanations,which was writtin by Felicia? I tried to open this pdf document from the page 50,but no results. Thank you in advance

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Lite,

I don't have a copy of it, i did look at it. For the most part it is just posts from the thread so by reading the thread from start to end anyone will pick up the same info.

At the end of the PDF was some info about how Lever scalpes.... but that was not to do with Cornflower.

Hope that helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
How would you take HALF from the run?  I use MIG - is that broker dependant?

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Vkvedant,

Not 100% sure of what your asking me ,

As for how to exit half a position during a trade you would need to talk to you broker (i know nothing at all about MIG) or have a look around FF, the rookie Q&A  forum is quite good and im sure this subject would be there somewhere (if not ask the question and im sure somebody will be able to help out)

Hope i told you what you need to know!

Bob

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
There is a .pdf which I compiled from posts by lever70 and others in this thread. I made it available to lever70 and she uploaded it here for everybody to download.

It is still downloadable from Forex Factory (I just did it). I am not really experienced with this forums stuff, but this should work: Click this link and choose "Cornflower DRAFT.pdf":

http://www.forexfactory.com/misc.php...hments&t=26205

I just saw: The last time I updated it was in July 2007. Wow man, a year ago already!

Good to still see a bit of activity in this thread.

Greetings all!

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Thank you very much for help! I have read the text and find it very good and usefull. I dont understand why peaple do not communicate on this thread? The CF method is very good   BStar, please tell me, how you take position from 1H chart? From 24 EMA? Do you use 5 min chart to determine from what Ema to enter?  Do you use any indicators?

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Sorry Bob - you are right, this question about exiting half a portion should belong somewhere else.

FYI - I did explore the MIG interface and nothing seemed to indicate how to do it.  I will ask around.  Thanks for your reponse.

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Hats Off to all of you who are helping others and taking time out to respond on this thread

I have read each and every page of the 93 pages twice, so "I think" I get it.. Now, I have logistical questions to implement it....

1. What is the best way to arrange the screen to catch the CF setup? I have been switching back and forth to watch the 1-hr;30-min-15-min of these currencies GBPUSD, GBPJPY, EURJPY, EURUSD, USDCHF, AUDUSD, USDJPY, NZDUSD, and USDCAD. and it is getting very difficult I did add the MTF MA viewer, that shows multiple timeframes, but it gets choppy - see attached. Based on Clansman's response above - it seems like I can only monitor one currency at a time. I tried the profiles...is that the way to go????

2. Also, do you keep watching the chart continuously or is there a best known method to monitor for the good CF setup - at a certain interval or what???? I added the cornFlower EA for 12, but the alert is not true in most cases.

Thanks for your help.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
I hope its ok for me just to keep posting what im thinking

I took a trade on the AUD/JPY yesterday (i have attached a chart) The blue arrow is where i took a long off the 24 bounce and then got stopped out! such is life and it's all a part of trading!

I dont normally trade this pair so maybe i should not have taken the trade.... we all get it wrong sometimes.

The purple arrow is a trade off the 12 that turned out pretty hot today... the bounce under the arrow is (from my point of view) not valid as the 24 is yet to cross the 72 but price retests the 12 a few hours later and at that point all EMA's are lined up... I never take trades this early in the trend (i can see why others might) but if we get fresh bounce then i might look to trade it

Bob

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Try the set up with additional indicators...such as RSi??

It mite help u filter false trades!!

sonic

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
http://forexfactory.com/attachment.p...1&d=1215507490

I took my signal at the red arrow. In this screen shot it doesnt look like a good setup. But at the time of trade it did. Also have set my SL above previous high. I have just started trading with the Cornflower, any feedback?

Thanks,

Brent

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
GBP/USD screenshot

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Sorry, but I can't help you there - I tried using CF, but didn't manage to be profitable with it. Still, I think that CF works (why shouldn't it?).

I think I didn't have enough discipline and patience at the time. Currently, I am preparing for a new start.

Good luck to you (and the other CF-traders here)!

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Hey Brent

The EMA's still look a little bit to bunched up to me... A good example of what a good spread looks like is the AUD right now (in my opinion)

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
I took this trade in NewYork session at about 10:50 am and was out by 11:30 for about 30 pips profits.

A couple of questions. Can I re-enter on a pullback being its after 11am and did I exit too quickly?

Thanks for everyones input.

Brent

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
I just started trading this system yesterday. I was using the MTF system by Spudfyre. The CF was profitable for me right off the start. I was 4 for 4 yesterday. And I grabbed +45 pips on GBP/CHF around 3:00AM CST (Dallas time).  Definitely need the patience for this system but it's truly mechanical. I like it. Thanks lever and everyone else that has contributed. Hope we can keep this thread alive.

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Late afternoon eurjpy trade finally yielded me some pips. I'm currently +14 right now.  I'm loving this system more and more.  Can it get any easier??

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Currently up +18 on this one. I'm targeting +20 and then I'm out and going to bed

2:17AM CST...got my +20 so I'm out.

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
How did this trade work out?

Brent

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
I ended up closing when I was up +20 pips. I make that my target. Right now I'm long USDJPY and up +2 so far. I may be in this one a little early though.

edit..right now I'm actually up +6.5

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
I got into this one around the red arrow. I just exited with another +20.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Nice work guys... good to see your charts too!

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Yeah, I thought it would be helpful to post the charts. I've tried a lot of systems and really have been quite successful with them but there's something about this one that I just love. It's hard to explain.  It's like so stress-free.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Nice 12 bounce on AUD just now

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Did that trade work out for you? How many pips did you make?

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Anyone taking this setup? Or does it look too early? I went long 2 lots at 1.9792 and took 20 pip profit on 1, holding the other for now. Also based entry on Fib level support of current day.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Brent, I'm out of town and wasn't able to get online at that time but thanks for posting your chart.  How did your second lot turn out?

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Second one was stopped out, so broke even. But on positive side, glad to have clear money management levels also - so I can trade another day!!!

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Hello guys, great to see so many cornflower traders  Due to lack of community among CF traders wanted to ask one question is there any place were cornflower traders can gather and chat in a real time?

If not, here's the link to the chat in the skype (public one):

http://www.skype.com/go/joinpublicch...HK5gg28gByeU4g

See you there!!!

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Yes,its a very good idea to meet for CF trades somewhere and share set up possibilities in everyday trade and expirience in usin this wonderfull system. But I can not open the site which you has indicated. Maybi,you can give or somebody else, some othe chat or skype possibilities to make it a meeting point of CF traders on everyday  basis?  And it will be good to share charts and results here. By the way, where is the creator of this thread and why  Felicia do not post more here? Anyway, I want to thank Felicia for a great method!

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Don't know where did Felicia went but one thing is for sure this method is irresistebly useful. About meeting point, please call your skype ID-s in this thread and I will add you to the chatroom

Yours sincerely, George

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
My skype ID is: alex.lorens1               Thank you

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Guys this a new link to the chat, sorry for unstable situation with the chat

http://www.skype.com/go/joinpublicch...ttBvsVPc9Ypvow

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Thank you for adding me to the chat,but I have a problemm with this skype chat.  Speed of my PC is very slow with Skype. George, can you,please, find another chat,not depending on Skype? I will be glad to participate in it every day.

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
George, may I offer the follow chat room:  www.rebatefx.com         There you will find Forex Forum/forex/Trading systems/The Cornflower System.  The chat demands registration,but it is very quik and simple. If you would not like this chat,then maiby, you can offer some other chat on internet?  I could find just this one right now.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Sorry, a little mistake. After registration, clik on Home, after on Trading Systems and finally on the Cornflower System. Look the last post. My nik there is Gos30.  By the way, tommorow we will have plenty of CF trade set ups. Nice day

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
It's not a chat room but a very useful forum, in the past www.rebatefx.com was providing chatroom, it was a great place, but not many traders were involved in it, Don't know how can I encourage you, because I don't think that I will be able to create chat somewhere else from the skype, so I still hope that you will be able to join us in the skype chat room, wish u pips, George.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
My skype Id  is        Brent57

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Was wanting any feedback to what looks like good setup but I'm not experienced enough as to what to do on market open on Sundays. And if to get in, what is suggestion for SL approaching Euro session?

Thanks,

Brent

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Brent, did you take that trade? I managed to grab +35 pips off the hourly chart on usdjpy this morning.

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Thanks for creating the chat.  I also encourage the active members to join-in and see the activity there.  Basically, when there is a CF setup, then alert everyone so that we all can mutually benefit - what a great way!   Thanks to the creator George....I learnt a new thing yesterday in the chat about identifying a whipsaw with GPBJPY and identifying to stay away....this chat works....

COME ON EVERYBODY - SEE U THERE....

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
The two light blue lines show my entry and exit. I rode this one as long as the MA's didn't cross back and the MACD stayed under the '0' line. Needless to say I am VERY happy today.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Why did you exit at the point that you exited?

You said you would stay in as long as the MA's didn't cross back and the MACD stayed under the '0' line. I didn't see either of those conditions happen at the point you exited.

Also, in the point you entered, all the MA's were not lined up in an angle. The 12 and 24 MA's were pointing more upwards (well, maybe pointing sideways). This isn't officially following the rules is it? Aren't all the MA's supposed to be pointing in an angle downwards to take a sell trade?

I'm not criticizing your trade, I'm just trying to be clear for my own purposes the proper way to enter a trade with the CF.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
I've been reading some on the Cornflower system and am interested in giving it a try. Can anyone suggest updated template, EA or settings that have proved reliable. It would save me some learning curve.

KCComputerman

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Topgun, I don't think you're criticizing my trade   If you look at my entry you'll see that I entered when price had already pulled back to the 24EMA and was resuming its downtrend. I got for two reasons...#1- price was changing direction on the lower timeframe and #2- I was tired and ready to call it a night even though it was after 2AM .  Have you been having much success using this method? What is the method you normally use when trading?

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
jdcompute,

Thanks for explaining your reasons for entry and exit. I had made the mention that I wasn't criticizing your trade because after I made the post, I realized it had the look of me questioning you of not following the system correctly, and of course that was not the case. There are times when we make a post that it comes across to the reader differently than we intended. Thanks for understanding.

As for the CF system, I've been following this system from the beginning when this thread started. Of the (demo) trades I've made, I've had good success. However, there have been 2 things that have been holding me back from really going full force and focusing totally on this top notch system.

1. Instead of picking a set way to trade the CF, I keep trying different ways to trade it. Such as: trying different time frames, entering on a pull back to the 12 ema, entering on a pullback to the 24 ema, entering on a pullback to the 62 ema, not waiting for a pullback but instead waiting for the MA's to angle/slope downwards or upwards, entering on a close of a candle, entering before the close of a candle, etc....

By doing all these things I am not getting any consistency with trading this system. It's also very time consuming. I need to choose a set way to trade and go with it!

2. The other thing that is slowing me down is that I keep looking at other systems and trying them out. It's basically me getting into the thinking trap of, "The grass is greener on the other side of the fence." This thinking has played a part in bogging me down.

I will say that having looked at many different trading systems, in my opinion, no system has yet to beat the CF system - when all things are considered. As I said, I'm always checking out other systems and when all is said and done, I continue to come back to the CF System. This system consistently performs well. Anyone can see this for themselves by doing backtests on it. There are other systems that do well but they are SO complicated! This is definitely not a problem with the CF system. The simplicity of the CF system is what sets it apart from most other systems. With it's consistent positive results, along with it's simplicity - and don't forget its relatively small stop losses (compared to many systems that require 50-100 pip or even larger stop losses)! - well, this system to me is hard for any other system to beat!

As I said, If I can get myself settled down, only focus on THIS system, and pick only ONE way to trade it, I'll probably suprise even myself of how well I can do with this!

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
It sounds like you are almost there. Very similar to my own journey. There's nothing wrong with looking at other systems and gleaning what you can from them. i.e, peaks and valleys, no brainer, DIBs, James 16.The important thing is you realise what you are doing wrong. One piece of advice.....pick your rules and stick to them. By that I mean enter on touches or closes. Don't chop and change. Accept you are not going to get every trdae, but that you do have an edge, whatever that is.

Good luck, Bogus.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Good advice bogus

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
I have tested this system for about a month and I think,that it must be done some improvement. We need to think how to determine exactly from wich EMA to enter in every particular case  and  how not to enter into reversal movement. The system basically is very good and I want to say thank you to Felicia for this wonderfull system. Maiby, Felicia can kindly visit this thread and help us to master better the system?

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Looks safe to me. My stops above 168.65. No TP at this stage. I'll see how it runs as its failed to get to 170 (so far).

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
hello all, just came across this thread. please dont make me read all 90 odd pages. just need one question answered and i will truly apreiciate it. Question, has the system changed from the first post? thats all i need to know. and if so what is the updated rules. oops sory, that is 2 questions

EDIT: Oh, i just found the answer to my question back on page 87.  now searching back did not hirt now did it

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Hi Lever,

Thanks a million for sharing your nice system. I'm 2 years behind nevertheless I have start trading on demo and it has given me far better result than other system i have tried with so many indicators. I need to calrify as I am still trying to adapt to this system. On the hourly chart during the retracement or pull back to 12 or 24EMAs, when is the right time to enter as sometimes price pass the 12 ema before bounces at 12 ema. Eventhough at the end of the trade profit is made but trade will go to negative 10 to 20 pips before it swing back to the trend. I hope not minimise the loose pip but maximaise the gain. May all the pip be with all of us.

regards

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Sherlina,

Take a look around post 80 to 90 in this thread for Lever's 5 Min entry chart, you use this after a bounce off an EMA on the hour

Bob

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
someone compiled a list of lever 70 rules and 5 minute entry and other useful information all in to one. i think it was in a pdf file or word. i had it once on my desk top but kids acidently deleted it. aahhhhhh

cant remember which post i got it from. please help where to find it again. thanks in advanced.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
If you scroll through the attachments your soon find it.

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I took this trade based on bounced off the 12/24 area with 20pips target.

As I am posting, this trade looks good...lets see..

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
Hi Arhemsi,

I don't look at the pair you took that trade on.... how did it turn out?

Bob

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Hi Bob,

The trade was good

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Thanks, thats the first place i origianaly looked but did not see it. i have looked there again after you replied and wala!!!!!  it is there. thanks.... and special thanks to BStar for writing it.

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Sherlina,

Take a look around post 80 to 90 in this thread for Lever's 5 Min entry chart, you use this after a bounce off an EMA on the hour

Bob

Thanks bob for the reply. One other question, are we looking at the 24EMAs for the trend or we are looking the d 72 EMAs as a dominant trends to go short or long. Still figuring out thed right choice.

regards

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
hi,

I am new to this forum and found people are very helpful. I will start paper trading it from next week onward.

Just one query whether there is any trading system like this for trading in Gold, Oil and Silver. I am sorry i know this is not the forum for these commodities, but just thought the people in this forum are very cooperative and knowledgable, so might be soem one can help me in this case.

Regards

Amit.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hey Guys,

I am looking at this GU chart, and I am thinking that this could be a possible entry to the short side. It seems that price bounced off the 8 ema, except that the last candle was bullish. I guess if we have a bearish candle sometime the near of Europe open next week, we may have the confirmation to go short?

Appreciate if some of the seniors here could give some view on the matters

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
arhemsi,

Not sure if you wanted my thoughts but....

If i were looking to take a trade around Euro open on Monday i want a fresh bounce around the time i am looking to trade. Thats not to say im right.... trade what YOU see

Bob,

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Just my opinion, But this pair has been in a long trend and could retrace any time to atleast 72 ema. the longer the trend the closer to it having a decent retrace. i have jumped on at the end of a trend to many times just before it turns the other way. it is no fun i tell you. i would whait for some sort of retrace and test the 72ema then continue the trend.         But like i said, its just my thoughts.

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Hi,

I am still doing demo using the cornflower. Just wondering how do we anticipate or early sign of reversal trend. Will the turn of the smaller emas of the 5 and 15 min time frame is already a good sign or have to wait all emas cross the 72ema. Thank felicia cornflower rocks.

regards

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Sherlina,

Not sure this will help you but ill give it a go.

Early on (maybe even post 1) Felicia makes a point about the 8 crossing the 12 as a "get out" signal for longer term trades. I don't use cornflower that way but on the chart i attatch ill try and outline how someone might do just that.

I like the EMA's to all be stacked nice and in the right order, so the blue arrow shows a nice 12 EMA bounce and a great spot to get in short.

The red arrow is just on the candle after the 8 EMA crossed the 12 EMA so this saying to me the trend (for now) is retracing so a good spot to get out, taking that trade this way would have got you over 100 pips.

For me when the EMA's start crosing back over (on whatever timeframe you use) its time to sit on the fence, when its clear and stacked nice and clean its happy cornflower days.

Hope this helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Ok boys and girls.... nice 24 bounce on the EUR just now, let see what it dose

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Sherlina,

Not sure this will help you but ill give it a go.

Early on (maybe even post 1) Felicia makes a point about the 8 crossing the 12 as a "get out" signal for longer term trades. I don't use cornflower that way but on the chart i attatch ill try and outline how someone might do just that.

I like the EMA's to all be stacked nice and in the right order, so the blue arrow shows a nice 12 EMA bounce and a great spot to get in short.

The red arrow is just on the candle after the 8 EMA crossed the 12 EMA so this saying to me the trend (for now) is retracing so a good spot to get out, taking that trade this way would have got you over 100 pips.

For me when the EMA's start crosing back over (on whatever timeframe you use) its time to sit on the fence, when its clear and stacked nice and clean its happy cornflower days.

Hope this helps

Bob

Thanks bob for your help. It does help alot with the chart that you have attached. I also do notice that the bounce of the of the 24ema on the hourly EURUSD at 1200hrs. Do you think Usd still got much steam left to go down further? I might be wrong but It might bounce at the 72 ema on the weekly chart

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Well the 24 bounce on the EUR did not turn out the way we might have liked.... Thats Trading!

As for how much steam the USD might have... i really don't get involved to much in that stuff, if i see a 12 or 24 bounce and think it's good for 20 or 30 pips i take it.... Only trading what see!

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Hi Bob,

A little bit confused here. Am I right to say on the 1 Hour time frame, as long as the 72 EMA is above the other small emas irrespective of the emas angle it is still a downtrend?

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Sherlina,

I have attacted a chart showing a cornflower trend as  i see it, the green ticks mean its all good and the red cross is stay out time for Bob! that is when the Ema's start crossing back over!

The rules are still the same as post 1 so i would say people should go back and read that post.

Trading this way may keep you out of the market alot of the time, but thats the idea .... only to be trading when there is a real trend.

This dose not mean im right..... others may trade the EMA's differnt to me and that fine, but the way i read it this chart should help you out

Hope this helps

Bob

PS Keep posting and telling us how your trades go... good or bad (we love them all)

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Hi,

According to the rules , there is still a valid setup to enter short. But I'm wondering after the Pound has dropped so much recently whether to take the trade. If you did enter short, what would some of you suggest for SL?

Thanks,

Brent

PS. Envious of whoever caught this on first signal 1300+ pips ago

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Brent,

I take it you wanting to take the trade long term?

Well really you need to work out what level of risk you can handle, using S/R is good or trailing the 72 down might work too.

But the way i trade im only looking for 30 pips (max) off a cornflower bounce and as i like my risk:reward to be 1:1.5 i would only risk 20 pips.... i feel happy with that, now it's up you to figure out what risk you like.

hope i stayed on topic

Bob

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Yes , I was looking more long term or +50 pips. As of 11:30am New York time  still in this trade , whether out of stubborness of not wanting to exit because I was wrong , or because I did anticipate a retracement and have used Fib levels as a guide. Also when looking back seeing a similar pattern where there was not a complete crossover of EMA's.

In 1st screenshot it is easy to say it was good to stay in this trade as it worked out to further benefit, but at the time it was starting to reverse, many may have closed out or not entered. So with a calculated "hopefully", I will stay in using Fib 38.2% level as it has held it for 5 hours now.

8EMA also remains under the 24EMA

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
Bob, tell me ,please, do you enter emmidiately  when price strikes 12 or 24 emas or wait for candle confirmation? For example,after prices triked 24 you wait for the closing of next candle or TC patternc of MACD?  How do you choose what ema to take as an enter point? Thank you, Ceers,

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Lite,

When i see price in the area of the 12 or 24 EMA's i then go to lever's 5 min chart to time my entry.

Other people have posted other tools they use to help them with cornflower, just go back through the thread to see some of them, you have to use what works for you... not me. Having said that i feel cornflower is a simple system that should stay that way.

The key for me with this system is not to over trade, there wont be trades everyday... the last week or more has been great as the cable, aud and others have been trending, we will go through some hard times again when the EMA's are all bunched up but as i said my key is waiting for the market to come to me.... im not runing after the market trying to find a trade.

Hope this helps you get a handle on how i trade cornflower

Bob

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
This trade worked out ok. I like to trade multiple lots as it is easier for me to exit a trade and still leave something on. My 3rd lot got stopped out on a trail stop because I had to leave from computer, so its possible I could still have 1 lot on.

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Nice work Brent

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Bob, thank you very much for your answer. It is very helpfull.  Have a great weekend, Greetings,

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
Can some one please help me, and explain how to post pictures please.... Im trying to post a picture that has example entree, I would like to know if they are right entry points... Thank you! ;D

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
If you are using MT4, go on File and choose "Save as a picture". Give it  a name and save it on your desk top. You can then open it using MS Paint or any publishing program to adjusty as you wish. When you want to post it, choose the "manage attachments" tab on your "Reply to thread" toolbar and follow the instructions. You can practise here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...ts#post2033578

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1219105100

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
Thanks for the help on how to post charts SMIKESTER...... Now I need help to see if the chart has right enrty n exit points. on the chart shown above... It doesn't have to be Smikester to answer the ??? .... Any one that has very good knowlege of this system please help me get where you are now ;D Thanks in Advance!!!

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Hi Jrex,

I would be happy to help but it seems the chart you posted is not showing....

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
I hope this work and you can see the chart nowhttp://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1219105100[/IMG]

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Can You see it now???

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Perfect Jrex.

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Sweet thanks! One more Q'S.... Rookis Q's How often do this type of trades happen, or better yet how often should I look at my charts to keep an eye for some of this trens? every 4hrs,12hrs,D, Week...ETC....?????

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
Jrex,

So with the chart you have posted what are you asking?

From what i can see you have an X where the EMA's are all bunched up and no good for cornflower.

The arrows are at points where the trend is good again and we can look for cornflower trades.

Maybe there are more things you want to ask but if what i see is what you are trying to say with that chart then you are getting the trend areas right.

Hope that helps

Bob.

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
hello,

Does anyone know if this system works on longer time frames? Daily chart in particular

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
I like to trade the first 4 or 5 hours after euro open, but if the EMA's are not looking good on the pairs im looking at then i might call it a night early

Thats because i trade the hour chart, but lots of people have done well with longer timeframes so not needing to check as often i guess.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Sorry  Bob, ;P

Yeah i should have been a bit more clear, But yes the arrow is for GO, and the X is for out...... Thanks for the help anyone and everyone that help out in this thread....

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
Thats cool jrex

Make sure you come back and post some pic of how your trades go too!

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking for cf trade in GBPCAD next week

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
It's always nice to see how active a thread becomes again after being silent for awhile.

This is one of the better threads in using to time entries...

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Looking to enter short in this area and see how Pound tests this Fib level. There has not been much of any retracements so I might miss out as 1.8400 may be the start for another 100pips down. Or I might just go short on a break of the 1.8400 level.

What's the CF thinking here my friends?

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
Brent,

I too will be looking for a pull back... like you i am not sure if it will be enough.... time will tell!

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
We had nice retracement , but once it broke the 23.6% retracement, signals were crossed and it would be hard to hold on to this trade unless you are willing to have your SL set at 72EMA or enter in at this point also. I like to trade 3 lots for this very reason. As it looks now, it is working out good.

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
I have not been around as much of late so have been looking at the 4hr charts and got in off a 24 bounce so im  with you Brent

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Rookie Q?s (of the subject,... Sorry!) I keep coming across Raging Market... Can some one pls explain what that means???? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Here's a daily chart with the CF ma's.  The red ma is a 200ema.  I use it for trend tracking.  I hope it's helpful.

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Jrex,

The short answer to you question is: The market only moves in 3 directions, up, down and sideways.

When the market is moving up or down thats a trend, cornflower is good at showing this because when the EMA's are lined up in the right order this shows a trend.

Sideways is when the market is range bound or not doing much trending.... in cornflowe thats when the EMA's are all bunched up and not showing a trend.

There is a lot more to this subject that you can (should) learn... a great place to start is babypips.com, they have a school system that shows all the basics of trading, a great place to fill in the blanks for people starting out.

Hope i have helped

Bob

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
4H GBP looking good at the mo

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Thanks Bob.....

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Hello!

Just a pic to show how my 4 hr cable trade is playing out, the red line is my s/l

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
The GBP trade i have been posting about is still going strong after a week and over 450 pips

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
I ve been reading about a bunch people trying to pick bottoms and this is one of those strat's that really help you from going against the trend I just wanted to compliment who ever came up with it.

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Great job Bob:

Congratulations on your 450 pips, way to go.  I was wondering if you are using 1 hr and 4 hr charts now or just one or the other. Keep up the good work, I'm starting on the 1 hr charts, but if you think 4 hr are worth the look, i'll start to follow them also.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Hey Jim,

I have been pretty busy with life of late, thats what got me looking at the 4hr charts, i do plan to go back to the 1hr when i can.

I really find it hard to to switch between timeframes, if i do switch from one timeframe to another often I tend to just be shopping for a trade .... what I should be doing is letting the trade come to me, thats why i think it helps just to stick with one plan... hope that makes sense

Bob

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
wondering if I am getting this right I took a short on the close of the boxed candle and closed it on the end of the next candle as I was just experimenting. Just wondering if I am following correctly.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
I can't believe nobody has noticed this thread has reached the milestone of 100 pages!

Congratulations to the Cornflower System and the lady that brought it to us, Felicia. I know there are several other threads here in the "Trading Systems" section of FF with more pages, but 100 pages is still a nice milestone to reach. I've looked at other systems but the Cornflower continues to be my favorite.

I celebrated yesterday the 100 pages of this thread by netting +55 pips (+25 on eur/usd, and +30 on gbp/usd). I know it's not +450, such as Bob has scored (Bob, great job!), but I'll take +55 pips anyday!

I'm really glad to see this thread going strong again after hitting a dry spell recently. Here's to another 100 pages!!

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Congratulations for your great results Bob. I think,that Cornflower is the best system on the Forexfactory. The system just should not be used on timeframes lower than 1H. Cheers,

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Thanks for your kind words, nice work Topgun and nice to see your still around lite. I hope people don't think I'm trying to brag but i think it is always good for people to post results, this can help out the people starting out and show it can be done!

The trade on the pound is up over 800 pips right now

I took trade on the AUD last night (will post a chart below) and its up over 200 pips now too, i really don't expect to be able to close these trades at the full profit level they reach, some rebound will need to happen for me to close them out.

Keep on Cornflowering people!

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
kodflakes,

Thats not really the way cornflower works, when we see the EMA's cross over and start to spread out (where you took your entry) that is when we start looking and watching for the market to retrace back to one of the EMA's, once this has taken place and the market has started moving back in the direction we want to trade.. we enter.

take a look at  the chart of an AUD trade i took last night, notice the green tick is where the trend restarts and the red arrow is the candle that bounced almost on the 24 EMA, giving me my entry.

I think it's very good if people read post 1 again from time to time, i know i do and it keeps it all clear in my head, also the whole thread is a good read with lots of examples of how to trade cornflower.

kodflakes feel free to come back and ask any questions, a wise man once said to me "the only dumb question is the one you don't ask"

Hope this helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Well said Bob. Great stuff on your latest trades.

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
OK I thought that was the conservative approach used on the hourly the chart I put up was 30m which I thought was more aggressive and went for the initial move.  Now Ive used this a couple times over the past week, is the pull back that your looking for for markets that aren't trending or just a safer approach. But great system and I havent had a chance to read all these pages yet.

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Kodflakes, I use the Cornflower on 1 hour as my main trend. Like Bob says, wait for a pullback into the trend.  If you have to look to hard for a trend...it's not there. I trade off the 15 minute charts. I use a 12 and 48 ema as my trend direction and don't trade against it. I mainly trade E/J. Check out E/J and G/$ lately, strong trends. I wait for a pullback into the 1 hr CF trend and wait for the 15 min 12/48 cross to line up in the same direction. Ideally I wait for a small pullback to be safe and wait for the break of support or resistance. The reason I chose to wait for a cross on 15 min was because I was getting burnt placing an order at the 24 hourly. I asked myself why do some stop there and others don't. Answer: I don't know. So I came up with the 12/48 and it seems to work for me.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
kodflakes,

Sorry for not understanding that you were using the initial entry, i have never used it so i wont say if you are right or wrong. What Bogus has said also should be of a help to you.... let us know how you go with using cornflower!

Bob

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Bob,

Looks like you have the system down.  What do you use as your initial entry indicator.  I have been demo trading this system but I seem to struggle on when to get in a trade.  Just curious to know what others do.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Hunter,

I take it your trading 1 hour charts? the best way i find is to use Lever's 5 min entry chart, you will find it around post 80 to 90 in this thread.... works well once a set up is looking good on the 1 hour!

Also Bogus posted his way of trading on page 100 of this thread.... well worth a read

Hope this helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Hello!

Just going to post a 4H EUR chart with a trade i took last night, the green line is my entry.... this week has been good for the 4 hour

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Im going to start looking at higher time frames. Less work.

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Yeah Bogus i would have to say the last 2 weeks have really got me thinking a bit that way too!.... not that i was after that when i switched up to the 4H, just turned out that way . But i guess i just lucked in at the right time when some pretty good trades were starting out , but as they say 'you gotta be in it to win it'

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
Lever70 has said somewhere in the thread of looking at the crosses of the 8  and 24emas in the 15 minutes time frame as an entry signal. So, I plotted the following emas : 288,192,96,48 and 32 which represents the 72,48,24,12 and 8 emas in the 1 hour time frame. The arrows are generated by the crosses of 8 and 24 emas.

I took a sell based on this signal prior to the close of last week session.

Here is my chart:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just an idea

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Nice sell

I think 1.4150 level can be seen in the next days

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
[quote=lever70;1460048]The 8-24 cross on the 15m is an entry that I still consider experimental. I think it needs a filter, but I have not had a chance to do testing. I think the result would be a different system altogether.[/quote

arhemsi,

Is this the post you were thinking of?

I really like cornflower the way it is.... entry for me is not the hard part, sometimes it is knowing where to take profit.

Hint: Don't be greedy

Keep us up to date arhemsi with your thoughts and ideas

Bob

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Hello

I am going to post a chart if i can, so please dont shoot me if this works out like junk

The chart is the EUR 4 hour of a trade i just got into, bounce off the 24... will it work out? who knows.

I did pull 90 pips out of the EUR at the end of last week too before it was stopped out over the weekend

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Really? I found that exits were not a problem for me, but entries were truly problematic. They are the main reason I abandoned this system months ago, after trying it for some (actually long) time in demo. Many others seem to have been quite successful with it, though, so the problem seems to be mostly mine.

The reason for not having problems with the exits is that I simply used to stick to a predetermined plan. Sometimes I left plenty of profit on the table and some others I waited a little too long and got nothing, but that's how it is. That part more or less worked for me. Entries, however... I still have nightmares. Leaving aside the fact that every once in a while you'll get the dreaded reversal (happens with almost any trend-following system and there is no way around it), I still found extremely difficult to time the entry properly. If I entered at the touch of the 12 EMA in a moderately strong trend, more often than not price would keep going to the 24 (and sometimes beyond) and stop me out. Dropping to the 5M timeframe helped, but by the time you see price is already bouncing back... well, it is already bouncing back, and you have lost the advantage of the "touch" entry, might as well have entered blindly on the bar before. I am sure you are familiar with this. For some reason, it seems my psyche is not well suited to this kind of "EMA touch" entry and I executed it very poorly, many of my cornflower trades were stopped out in the bar after the entry. Recently I had a long backtesting session of the system (wanted to see how it felt after months without using it) and it is still the same for me, I am unable to get the entries right.

Anyway, I am glad you are doing well with this system.

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
[quote=bob_inabottle;2206259]
Yes Bob, thats what I am referring to. The idea was to take the 8/24 crosses after a bounce off the potential reversal zone (i.e, 8/12 area, 12/24 area, etc...) and in the direction of the trend as signified by the Emas. Oh well, as you know the signal that I took last friday was really bad for me as EU gapped up at the opening of this week's market.

Maybe as Lever had said, the signal as generated in the 15 minutes needs filter and as it is, I am still thinking about it. I hope someone else will come up with a better idea.

For now, I've also reflected the EMAS in 4h (90,30,15&10) into the 15 minutes chart. Here is the chart:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just an idea

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I took this signal for 20 pips.( on demo)

*Bad signal>>>>>stoploss 20 pips hitted..

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
PipAdder,

I was being a bit cheeky in that post... like you i often leave pips on the table but sleep well at night planning my trade and trading my plan!

Bob

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
Better luck next time arhemsi

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Pipadder,

It seems like you are finished trading the system and I am not sure if anyone else if trading like this but I can tell you a little bit about my own personal modifications...I was having a difficult time with entries as well because that is something that needs to be a "for sure" thing whereas exits I can figure out on my own.

So, what I've been doing is if the market is in a downtrend (EUR and GBP the past 12 hours) is placing a stop entry below the low of the candle that touches one of the EMA's. Now that doesn't filter every entry but it keeps my mind at ease in case the market continues to rally to the next EMA. Which did happen atleast twice today.

I do this completely on the 5m chart whereas the Hourly I enter on the touch of the EMA because there is just too many pips lossed if you enter short below that hourly candle.

Just my two cents but hope this helps anyone interested.

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Iceman,

Glad cornflower is working for you!, I have been doing something not far removed form your entry idea on the 4 hour trades i have been taking over the last 2 or so weeks.

I place a stop entry order under the candle that bounces off the MA, I do miss out on some pips this way but im trying to ride the trend.... at the mo it seems to be working but i have picked a great time to try it out with some nice trends over the last few weeks.

Once again really good to see that cornflower is working for You

Bob

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
What EMA's are you using on the 4hr chart? I am more of a 5m to hourly type trader but would just like to look over some charts on the 4hr if you don't mind.

Thanks Bob.

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Iceman,

Just the same old cornflower set up (8,12,24,72)

I had been trading the 1hr for ages and found myself short of time so switched to the higher chart and so far so good

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
I posted about an Eur trade a few days ago, and while I am still in the trade it looks from a cornflower point of view like it could go either way.

So with this in mind i have moved my S/L to B/E, the chart i post shows where the trade is up to, note over the last day or so the nice S&R thats been created around 1.4050.

Just posting things as they happen... or don't

Bob

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Maybe the OZ is looking a little better on the 4hr at the mo, might bounce off the 12 (or crash right back up through it) I will also be carefull of the round number (80) and the S&R just under it.

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Still going..... just keep moving the stop down

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
The OZ took a nice 24 bounce after i posted that chart yesterday, lets see how this one plays out

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
So the entry is EMA cross or just the pullback of the price will give me entry signal?

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
I have posted a chart with a red arrow showing a bounce off the 24 EMA, you should check out post 1 for a good run down on how the system works

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
Way to go Bob! I think the 4hr Chart is really working for you. I've had a so so week in the short term but I think my broker was running for stops at one point and then they widened the spread this afternoon almost keeping my orders from getting filled.

They are just jealous..

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Keep your chin up Iceman....

Well just got stoped on the EUR, got +200 pips in that trade so not to bad

The AUD worked out with -50 pips but thats the way she go's.....

I am going ok with the 4hr charts at the mo, the normal 1hr cornflower has been good to me also, its where my life is at right now that i need a slower chart but if the pips keep coming the way they have over the last 2-3 weeks (because of super nice trends) it might be hard to go back!

Cornflower Rocks

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
Well not so much doing on the 4 hour charts for me today, time to hang out for a while and wait for the market to show me something

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Seper trend

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
How long (and strong) should be trend to "safety" trade? - what do you think?

Now we have to wait, as Bob said..

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
When I trade the 1 hour cornflower I like the trend to have had a trade play out before i wait for the next trade to setup... then i enter. One of the charts posted has a blue arrow showing the first trade i would let go and a green arrow showing a trade i would take.

As for how I have been trading the 4 hour flower.... well I might have to start using the above 1 hour rule for 4 hour trades too, this week i took a trade on the swissy on the very first bounce of a trend that had really only just started and was stopped out in no time! The purple arrow on the chart show the bounce i am talking about

Happy trading

Bob

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Hi Bob, could u explain in more details? I have a little bit confused.  Thanks^^

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
qwer2004,

First up i just want to make sure it's clear i was talking about a question from Christ. Jast and that question was:

"How long (and strong) should be trend to "safety" trade? - what do you think?"

Ok so i will assume that you have an idea of how cornflower works, if not go and read post one because all anyone needs to know to get started is there.

First when looking for a cornflower trade i need the EMA's to be stacked in the right order to show a current trend, the chart in this post shows a white circle around where the EMA's are bunched up and then starting to spread out in order - this shows me the start of a trend i may want to trade.

The 2nd thing i look for is has there been a trade already in this current trend? the way i trade is waiting for a pullback to either the 12 EMA or 24 EMA, in this chart the red arrow show the "first trade".

The 3rd thing i want and am now waiting for is a 2nd pullback (shown by the green arrow in the chart) if this pullback dose what i want and resumes the trend then i enter a trade.

Some people might say i am letting to many pips go, others might not like idea of waiting around when trade was there the first time... and thats fine but i know this works for me.

I hope this was clear... i'm not sure it was but let me know how your trading is going too!

Bob

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Thanks Bob, that's clear.

Second method - I found it in this thread some times (and posts) ago - is to wait to price break resistance or support created by last low or high. Then - trade.

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
Yes S/R is a good tool too  would give you quicker entrys also

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Thanks Bob,

I see what u mean.

Some posts above, u said u sold USD/CHF,

but stopped loss immediately.

I have the same experience in USD/JPY with H4 at the same time. These days I find it just had a pull back to EMA24 in daily chart and continous to be a downtrend. Therefore, I wait for a good CF in H4. Maybe it will develop soon. What do u think, Bob?

qwer2004

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
qwer2004,

I don't really trade the Yen pairs much so not really sure how it is  doing....

But really one of the keys to trading a system like this one is to "let the trade come to you", don't chase a trade... when your system tells you to trade by giving an entry then we get excited just hang round for a while my friend just don't be in a hurry

Bob

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Bob,

I do agree.

With CF, we can't make a trade. Conversely, the trade comes to us when it get ready. The essential of CF is PATIENCE~

Therefore, I have to go shopping for a while^^ See u!

HK Afternoon

qwer2004

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Nice.... Don't spend all your money!

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
i have been traded cornflower for around one month . i have an idea to convert  this method to software so we can automate trading. as my main job programmer i dont have any problems in term of programming, if any memebers are intersted on my idea???

Thanks all

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
Bob,

In reference to your losing trade on the second pic. I cant tell how many pips that is but it is quite a down candle on the 4hr chart. Did you ever think of moving the stop to B/E? Or possibly taking two smaller sized positions. Grabbing initial profits of say 50 pips and then placing stop at B/E for second position? That is what I do with less pips on the 5min.

Just a suggestion. Your thoughts would be appreciated.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
on Jul 14, 2007 there is an EA posted for this, click the paperclip above

if you can improve on it then I am sure it will be much appreciated by all.

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
Iceman,

That trade got me... it went and hit my stop before it went on down  so maybe my stop was to close? not really, thats the risk level i am happy with and they were HUGE candles so maybe i could just stay out the market if its like that!

Your spot on about moving stops and such, what i do now is something i got from the fokes over at the DIBS thread which is to set up the trade in 2 lots.

1st lot I set the trade up so the risk:reward is 1:1,

2nd lot I ride the trend and take profit where i always would, the great thing about this is once the 1st profit target is hit its a "free" trade as i lose no pips if i get stopped out and by not moving the stop to B/E the trade has room to move.

I know thats not what others will like to do but we all trade differnt ways

Bob

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
Hey don't really know much about EA's and stuff like that, and really don't know how it will work  but give it a shot man ... happy to give almost anything a go at least once

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
Should we trade when the 3 smaller MAs are all bunched up (intersecting each other)?

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
No... want them stacked in the right order, have a read of first post in this thread for a good run down on how this works

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
Bob,

On those 4hrly charts it is tough because stops have got to be very wide. I am glad to see you are incorporating two smaller lots. My profits have gone through the roof on the 5min chart because of it.

When it comes to risk:reward ratios - I don't get too hung up if my stop is 25 pips I have to take 25 pips profit initially. Setting things in stone is, in my humble opinion, not a place where a discretionary trader should be. Always analyze the charts and see what is best. You might realize that you should go for a smaller initial profit because the trend might be slowing down or whatever, but your stop might have to be a bit wider to accommodate the volatility of today's markets.

Just a thought as always. I hope that between the two of us we can try to keep this thread alive as it has benefited me beyond what most can understand. I might have to start my own thread to discuss my modified strategy and my own personal viewpoints.

Until then, trade with the trend and keep it simple. Trading is only made difficult if you make it that way.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
Iceman,

The thing about wide stops is that i am just reducing the size of the trade, risking 3% of a your account with a 20 pip stop will mean more lots on the trade than if it was 3% at 100 pips.... we would hope that the 100 pip stop trade brings in more pips profit, but getting that stuff right is very important.

As a rule i place my stop above the high of the bounce i am trading... so far so go with this because in my experince cornflower trades go with me (and the trend) quickly and if price breaks above that level the maybe it was a bad trade anyway.

I am only on the 4 hour now because of time problems i am having at the mo, so still feeling my way with them. I was useing cornflower in the 20-30 pips on the hour charts way before this last month and enjoyed the results. The last week or two have been pretty bad for finding nice trades but thats the thing.... gotta wait for the trade to come to me, i look at the charts if i don't see what i want then come back later and maybe there will be something then.

I hope i am not clogging the thread with rubbish, like you Iceman just wanting to keep cornflower out there... she's been very good to me. As we live we learn and trading is no differnt so keep the ideas coming!

Bob

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
Bob,

I think you are spot on with your stop management. A question for you - When trading hourly, has 30 pips been your personal target or is that sort of standard on this thread?

The reason I ask is because I go for 20-25 initially on the 5min! My accuracy is still valid at about 65% and sometimes upwards of 75%..like this past week . So I don't plan on changing anything drastically but sort of interesting.

My personal experience with cornflower on the hourly is not good so that is why I stopped with that time frame.

I might get some time this week to post and explain my trades for whoever's benefit.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Iceman,

I do look for 20 to 30 pips on the hour, sometimes if there is a run on I will ride it for 50 to 100 but thats not very often. I dont know how i picked that number other than Lever uses 20 pip T/P and i like a good risk reward ratio so using a 20 pip stop i like 30 for a take profit

Please do show how you are doing that with the 5 min, glad to see your getting sweet results

Bob

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
I am going to post a few select charts with some ideal and not so ideal trades from last week. (9-22-08 -- 9-26-08) My settings are just slightly different than the original. My EMA's are 16, 24, and 43. I stuck with the 24 because it seems to work quite well but I changed to the 16 and 43 because they have worked for me a bit better.

Attached is 2 Charts. The first is a EURUSD Chart from 9-22. There are blue boxes that I used to highlight each area where a trade can be attempted. I do not enter all of these because I am sleeping some of the times. Starting with the box to the far left which I will refer to as #1 and each box will be referred to as the next number in order. #1 is a good 24EMA Trade that I entered to the right side of the actual blue box.

This trade I entered and yielded +25 and +45 pips. #2 is a trade worth entering at either the 24 or 43. I was luckily asleep and missed that trade because it would have been a losing trade based on my parameters which is usually a 25 pip stop. #3, I was awake for and took but got in late. It obviously did not truly touch the 24EMA but with such a reversal bar off of that level I took the trade.

Another thing to keep in mind is that monday's are typically a trendy day with good profits for a system like this and that is also the reason why I took the trade. I would not have taken the trade any other day. I got +25 and +52 on that trade. At this point I quit for the day because I had two winning trades and there were any more trades until the #4 box. I did not take this even though I was watching because the trend was so far extended that I knew this was more of a risky pullback, in which it would have resulted in a loss. No EA can beat an open eyed discretionary trader with no greed.

Now on to the next day in the EURUSD (9-23-08) where the day was not as perfectly ideal. Not that you can't make good pips but knowing how far the market extended itself on monday, you must keep in mind that trades need to managed more diligently.

Box #1 is a perfect setup where the EMA's are "stacked" and there is a good trending market. I took a short at 4748, I believe, and took +20 and +42. My schedule is that I wake around 2-3am EST and if there is an opportunity I wait and take it. If nothing then I rewake at 5 and then 7. If the EMA's are in trending mode then I'll wait up but if not then I go back and sleep. Once NY session is open I am up all day because I also trade the grain markets.

Box #2 is a trade that I was not awake for because I had taken profit earlier but this is a perfect setup that just didn't work out. Either EMA would have resulted in a loss but this is no problem at all. We are merely trading with the odds that over time we will come out on top.

Box #3 is also a trade that I was not awake for and quite questionable as to whether there was profit. If you would be going for +20 then you would have gotten your initial but then break even on the second position. If you went for 25 to 30 then I believe you would have taken a double loss. Nevertheless, it was a good set up once again.

Box #4 is a trade entry that I missed by 1 pip. I place limit orders and move them every 5 minutes so that I can take advantage of moves like this that are only at the price level for an instant which is difficult to stare at the screens like that for so long. That trade would have yielded +25 and +0 if taken.

Box #5 is a trade that I did enter and got me worried at one point with the price spike. Haha. I place my stops at -25 though so it never hit. I did get +25 and +43 on that trade. A very choppy market at the time which is difficult because ultimately the day fell much harder. No worries though because you can't predict anything...all you can do is follow a system and not regret missing out on things.

I hope this helps anyone trying to find a system that works. Any questions are welcome as I am sure I skipped some things and maybe some would like to dig deeper into how I make certain decisions.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
For this post I will talk about the GBPUSD on the following 2 days (9-24 to 9-25) No particular reason because I do trade both and which ever setup (sometimes both) appeals to me then I take that trade.

Starting with 9-24-08. Box #1 is perfect setup where the EMA's split just in time for me to take a long. Any earlier and I would not have been able to justify a trade. I got +22 and +43 out of that one.

Box #2 is another trade that I was awake for but ended Breakeven on both trades. My initial profit was missed by just a pip or two and so I moved my stops up because that is too close. That turned out to be the intelligent thing to do.

Box #3 was a shrot trade that I missed. As the day progressed it was a perfect setup but very volatile and you would have more than likely gotten stopped out. There is actually another trade that I am seeing that I missed about half way between #3 and #4. A good short could have been taken there but I did not see that until now.

Box #4 was another perfect setup that hit my second profit target perfectly merely by luck, in my opinion. So +25 and +45 on that trade.

Box #5 was another good setup that I took. I ended up +25 and +0 because of the retrace right before 1500. It could have yielded much better profit but better to be breakeven knowing you cannot lose any pips.

The next chart is GBPUSD on 9-25-08. Boxes #1,2,and 3 are all good setups that I just wanted to point out. These are during the asian session and pre london open. It seems to me that the slower times yield as good of profits as the more volatile times. Less chance of getting stopped as well.

Box #4 is where I began and took 2 losses -25 and -25. Box #5 is a little modification that I personally do quite well with. When it seems to me that there is a trend reversal (in this case long reversing to short side bias) then when price breaks the 43 and retraces when all 3 EMA's are together I'll take a position (in this case short) in anticipation of more follow through with a tight stop. +25 and +52 on that trade.

Box #6 I took two losses on a good setup. This is a tough pill to swallow since it ended down on the day afterwards but I would have to have more than 50 pips on my stop to be safe on that one. I don't really care at that point losing but seeing the market fall with no real pullbacks until box #6, which I did not take because I missed the major move of the day.

Once again, any questions just shoot them my way. I am glad to help.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
This will be the EURUSD chart from Friday 9-26-08 that I traded.

Box #1 is a great short when the retracement was actually just a flattening period until the EMA's caught up which is my personal favorite trade to make.4638 was my short and I took profit at 4613 +25 and 4582 +56 with S1 in mind.

Box #2 was also another short I took which got me a little concerned but luckily the 43 stopped the market. I took profit of +25 and +16. The exits were alittle different because of box #3 which I was still in my second position but then missed my second profit target by a few pips. That should not have been because I should have just exited at the S1 level again. Not really greed but I was hoping for lower lows.

Box #3 was no entry because I was still in the #2 trade but could have still produced some profit.

Box #4 was a clear long entry loss that I took for -25 and -25. I usually don't like to take positions when the market reverses rather than retraces slowly. Ths happened so fast though that I did not have time to cancel orders. Not a bad setup though so I can not regret.

Box #5 and #6 I did not take because if you look at overall price movement it was down earlier (london open to about 0600) then up, then down, then up, then down again....on a friday. These are possible trades I wanted to point out but the open eyed discretionary trader will not enter in these market conditions, especially on a friday.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
Does anyone have an alarm for EMA's?  Been looking for one found one for a trendline but no luck on one for an EMA.

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Iceman,

I have been following cornflower and this thread for a while. Your five min ones looks more interesting. I was just wondering if you waited to enter in a trade after the price crossed the 16 ema or you wait for it to bounce touch the 24 ema.

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Doggy,

I enter at the 24EMA. I sometimes place an entry stop on other side of candle if price just bounces off of 16EMA for strong trending days. For example, today in the EUR would have been a prime example at the 0720 EST 5min candle. Price retraced to the 16 so what would have been ideal is to place an entry sell stop below the low of the candle in case the market never hit the 24.

I missed that trade and have missed quite the move in the Euro today but that is another option for entry that I have used...just wasn't thinking at the time to place it.

Hope this helps.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Well guys heres an EY move that I caught for 15 pips

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
Kodflakes,

Is that all that you typically go for in your cornflower trades? I was thinking that my accuracy might be even higher if I go for less myself. How long had you been trading this strategy?

Your thoughts appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Here are my trades for today in the EURUSD and GBPUSD.

The euro was a tough one today until later. Box #1 went immediately against me for -25 and -25pips. Box #2 is one of the most frustrating type of trades ever. I missed entry by HALF A PIP. That would have been a stellar one but luckily on the GBP I got in. Box #3 is a trade that I am currently in with +25 locked in and a +1pip stop on the second position. I am going to let that one ride to see what it can bring me.

GBPUSD was much tougher and actually motivated me to go take a nap and restart for New York session. Box #1 and #2 were long trades that gave me

-25 and -25 on both. Along with the EUR trade I decided to go lay down. I missed the obvious loser at Box #3 but was up and took Box #4. I took +25 and +0 on that and it gave me the confidence to make back what was lossed earlier.

Box #5 is the big motivator. I took the short and profited +25 and +62. Of course there was much more on the table but that is unpredictable and does not happen as often as ranging markets. Box #6 was another perfect setup that yielded +25 and +64.

So for the day in EUR I am -25 with an open position. GBP I've locked in +101 pips. So very good trading for the day.

Any questions are welcome.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
Iceman,

does it mean that you trade just the EUR and GBP against USD with this system.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
Very well explained.. A couple of questions if you don't mind? Why those ema's? And do you trade just the 2 pairs?

Cheers, Bogus

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Doggy,

Yes, only GBPUSD and EURUSD. I have found they are the best to respond to EMA Retracements and tight spreads make it worth while.

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Bogus,

Those particular EMA's have just worked for me. That is all really. 16, 24, 43. All three have spiritual significance in the context of biblical scripture and certain scientific/God in nature connections. Me, being the believer that I am was naturally attracted to those and now they work.

Divine intervention...

Lastly, yes I only trade GBPUSD and EURUSD. Enough to watch and they work for me better than any other.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
Today was a fairly good trading day but I never woke up! So I ended up only taking a few trades in the NY session.

EURUSD had some good early setups. Box #1 and #2 both would have been profitable trades. Box #3 would have beena clear loss. What is tough about this trading technique lately is the straight down movement with no retrace that seems to happen very often. I awoke and just saw nothing but downside. Box #4 is where I finally went short at 4033. I took 25 and 46 pips with the second exit being at the bottom for the rest of the day. This is no greed type trading figuring the big move has already happened so lower lows in the NY session are far from likely. Box #5 is another trade that would have been a loser but I was not around for that one either.

GBPUSD was quite choppy again this morning. As I said though I did not wake up so the earlier trades were not entered. Box #1 is a nice setup but for a clear loss. Box #2 would have pulled 25pips for sure but nothing outside of that. Box #3 got very close to +25...that is a questionable trade and we all like to think we would have taken profit, moved the stop to breakeven, ect but who really knows unless you were in it?

Box #4 is a nice short that I did take but the pivot and EMA failed to hold price. -25 on that one. Box #5 was a good long that I took and grabbed +25 on both positions because I didn't feel comfortable being long in a USD Strong market....that proved to be true.

Also if you take a look at today's highs on the 5min chart and then pull up a traditional hourly cornflower, the 24ema gave some great opportunities. I wish I was trading that as well today!

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Hey Ice man I do not have a set amount on what I take but that chart was over 15 min and I got a hesitation on price action so I took the profit.  I trust the 30 min and 1h more than I trust the 15 min.  As for trading Cornflower I went live with it about 2 weeks ago and probably using it for 2 months roughly.

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
Here is a 4 hour trade I took last night, lets see how things play out. Glad to see others are going well with their cornflower trading too

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Nice Job, Bob. USD Strength seems to be the thing because other economies are collapsing worse than America's. What targets and stop placement do you have?

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
Kod,

I am glad to see that someone else is also trading live. Once you get the hang of it, the system is quite straightforward and simple. It can be tough with the 24 hour markets sometimes though because there are so many great setups just on one currency.

Do you have any specific currencies that you trade or do you take a look at them all?

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
Last evening and today I only traded the EURUSD. There were profits in the GBP but I looked over my account statement of recent past and realized that there were many more losses in the GBP. I took a look at the price movement/structure and see many more violent spikes and decided to re-analyze whether I want to trade both or just focus on one. Today, I traded the EUR only.

Box #1 was from last evening and I did take that trade. I had to leave to I placed my stop and limits for both positions at +/-25pips. I took profit on that trade. Box #2 I missed and luckily I did because there was a fake breakout type movement that would have resulted in a loss.

Box #3 was another good trade that I missed as I was not home at the time. Box #4, 5, and 6 are excellent trades. I entered at #6 and proceeded to make +25 and +65 pips. Box #7 I entered but then exited at breakeven because I wanted to go back to sleep and things didn't look too promising. That was a mistake and I missed out on good profits.

Box #8 was another good trade but one that I missed. Darn what a great cornflower day! Box #9 I did enter and took +25 and +0...well actually +.5 but who cares about half a pip.

Box #10 I took +25 and +43 pips and decided that I was done. That type of winning streak is bound to become overtraded and that is exactly what would have happened if I traded Box #11. The market spiked and then returned to flat since then. Absolute patience is a must in trading. I realize that I can control my losses and never over trade then the profits will come like they did today. I might have missed some trades but I know full well that I would have taken them so I count them as profit too. That is how I knew not to trade any more today.

+208 pips today. I must be careful tomorrow as it might be a consolidation day and I will have to wait for clear trends if I want a good trade to produce.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
iceman

I agree with the simplicity of the strategy. The pairs I have been looking at lately have been E/U, E/Y, G/U, G/Y, but have been looking for other pairs and found a set up on E/A that went for well over 100 pips but I just demoed it. I really havent found a pair that does not work yet. I ve been trying to get away from work so i can really put some time in to my trading but keep getting dragged back in. I look to put some charts up next week.

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
Hey Bob, On the 4 hour do you wait for a closed candle  and put a stop at the other end. Ive been wondering about stop size on the 4 hour.

Nice work Iceman. Wise words.

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Iceman,

I have my stop at B/E now (.7931), so far when i am trading the 4 hour i dont have a set profit target on my 2nd lot, if the 8 and 12 cross back then i always get out then but for the mo just to ride the trend.

I dont worry about whats in the news and the word around, i find it just makes me jumbled up so for me the rule is always only trade what i see... not what i read hear or believe (its a lot easier for me to lose my opinion than my money)

But others seem to use that stuff and make it work for them  Nice going with your 5 min trades keep it up.

Bob

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Bogus,

Yeah do wait for the candle to close, i use only a 50 pip stop.... it seems a bit close but with trades like this they either go your way or they dont... so far no trades have been stopped because the stop was to close  but i do really only trade the majors so that would help too.

Bob

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
Cool. Thats what I wanted to know. I agree, the good ones just run, if it turns back too far maybe its not a goody. Ill try out the 4 hour.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
Kod,

Do you have problems with getting stopped on G/Y? I couldn't deal with it and with the spread I just gave up on the pair.

Look forward to some of your charts.

Ice.

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
Bob,

I completely agree with all you say. In 4 hr trading you have to max out the trend. That is more important than anything.

And not worrying about news, ect....That is where I am at. I can't watch CNBC anymore. I don't pay attention to what econ reports are coming out. Nothing. I trade technicals and let the chips fall where they may.

It is true that some have a nack for fundamentals. I understand them but could never trade them.

Good job with your 4 hour charts as well. Let's all keep this thing alive!

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
Bob

I noticed on your last chart you took the bounce off the 12 ma is that normal for you.  Ive been using the bounce off of the 24 on lower time frames, after looking at the 4h I see why you do.  Is that the normal bounce you use, also are using anyother indicaters with it stoch's, momentum, etc.

Kodlfakes

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
Well guys I wanted to look at some other pairs and see if this will work everywhere as I think it will.  I found some on the EUR/GBP on the 4h, we have a great close almost on the 24 at the first box the checked candle had a high of .7988 and a low of .7917.  It opened at .7976 uf you were to close on the end of this candle that would be 71 pips quite a move for this pair in my mind.  Over the next few moves we get closes above the 24 and I would leave them alone as I want absolutely perfect formations on this pair.  Then on the next pair we get an inverted hammer on the 24 so we have a candlestick confirming the Cornflower entry.  so the open was at .7924 and it had a low of .7895 and at the end of the box a low of .7864.  Well Im gonna spend the rest of the day looking thru some charts as I finnally have some time for it.

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
kodflakes,

I take bounces off the 12 or 24, when a trend is moving sometimes it will only come back to the 12 so i set a stop entry below the low of that candle!

Bob

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Well guys here is EY trade pre screw the taxpayer bill vote tight stop at 20 pips looking for a drop

got stopped too tight on stop

Alright here is the move I was looking for went 45 points in the wrong direction during the vote and just incase of the vote going the other way I wanted a tight stop.  Have a good weekend all.

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
So far so good on my AUD trade from last Wednesday, there was a chance to enter last friday night too.... I could have added to the trade but was not brave enough

(seem to having problems posting a chart so will post it a bit later)

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Hey ice man trying the 5 min 40 pips in the bag things seem to be slowing so taking a break

Also do you check other timeframes to exit or do stick to the 5m?  I went back and looked at these trades on the 15 and up and I didnt have such a bad deal on the second trade but didnt want to give anything back.  So Im gonna stay away from the 5m too questionable for me.

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Kodflakes,

Good trades on the 5min but I agree with the fact that everyone needs to feel comfortable in the time frame that they are trading.

I have the cornflower EMA's set on the hourly chart as well just as a reference. This does not influence my trades in the 5min at all but sometimes I'll take a long EUR trade, for example, and exit when it reaches a descending EMA in the hourly. Just a thought.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
I love trading sunday nights into monday. They always have such strong trending movements and with all of this market volatility it makes it even better! I only have trades on this chart from late last night but I was taking shorts in the New York afternoon/evening as well that gave me some good pips.

Box #1 is a very nice retrace but I just exited a trade from earlier and this was when I went to lay down for a bit. Box #2 is a place where you could hav gotten multiple entries if you didn't get in on the first hit. What a great trade that would have been as well. Box #3 was right before I woke up so I missed that trade but Box#4 I did enter and took +25 and +37 because of the S2 pivot line.

Box #5 is another trade that I took but was not too sure because of the strong gap down at the open earlier and the close proximity of S2 and its obvious strength. Lo and behold, it was a loss. -25 and -25 but no worries.

Box #6 was a nice long setup that I gladly took. I entered at 3588 and took profit at 3613 (+25) and 3643 (+55). Wow! What a close one. I always take a good profit short of the pivot but that was purely divine intervention.

Sadly though at Box #7 I took another double loss of -25 and -25. That was a good setup that I quickly jumped into with a little bit of confidence. This is a time when I look back in hindsight and say to myself..."this is a game of probabilities not what trades you like or don't like. Forget nice trades and just follow the system." How true because just when you think this is a perfect bounce for higher highs it reverses.

Box #8 I missed because I had some things to do but was an absolute perfect trade but one thing to remember. This is why it is best to watch the markets but move a limit order instead of hoping you have quick enough hands. That price looked like it bounced very quickly.

Box #9 is where I did go short and I took +25 and +25, conservatively. I felt no need to go for more pips even though now it looks as though we might be getting lower lows and I type this.No worries...there are always more trades everyday on the 5min chart.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Well EY has been smokin for me lately and my broker has had outrageous spreads on the pound.  After the candle that bounced off of the 50 fib and closed on the 24 I entered at around 138.90 I exited early had to go pick up the kids but got 53 pips out of it.  The high on the entry candle was 137.92 and the low of the next candle was 136.57 catch ya all later

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
Well here a goes a really active night for me got a total of 214 pips last but this was the only cornflower that I took. All the red arrows were the ones I thought too long on for one reason or another but I stayed out of them. The red hand sign is the one I took simply because that spike couldnt hold.  Now funny thing that spike bounced right off of the 24 on the 4h wish I could have saw that.  So I have decided to have an alarm written for the ema's. Hope the trading is going good for everyone

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
Great profit!

Still experimenting the CF system.

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
Well these are come crazy days we are dealing with and the system has proven itself to some extent for me even in the ugliest of markets.

10-7-08 Euro was quite the hectic trading session. Box #1 I did not trade but turned to be a loser by 2 pips past the 25pip stop that I would have had. Box #2 was a good trade but I only took +25 on the first position and break even on the second. It missed my profit target by a few pips. Box #3 was a clear loser with -25 and -25.

Box #4 was an awesome trade that gave me +25 and then I set my second position at break even but as you can see I lost connection. Haha...I was stressed but everything worked out. Box #5 actually stopped me out for -25 and -25 again! But I reentered when the market showed support at the EMA's. I only got +25 and +0 though. So it was becoming quite tough at this point and then Box #6. The market went right down to my stop and then went back and forth for a while. At this point with another -25 and -25 I decided to call it quits for the day. No Big deal...I needed a losing day sooner or later.

10-8-08 Euro was another crazy day and I am done trading already this morning. Box #1 was a nice short that I was hoping for lower lows but only got +25 and +0. No Problem and that has since proved to be the low for the day. Box #2 was a nice trade even though I didn't like the 5 min candle that took a nose dive towards the EMA's. I expected this one to be a loser. I got +25 and +0 and was hoping that trade would be one I could let run as well for higher highs. Not this time!

Box #3 was a straight out loser that proved to be a good long trade a few hours later. -25 and -25 on that one. Box #4 was my last trade for the day and it went for -25 and -25.

These are days that test your determination in a system. I know that there is an edge with the cornflower trading but these days are range bound volatility which is some of the most difficult to trade. I used to trade a breakout system and these days would drive me insane. I would be going long at the high of the day and short at the low...I've since learned a better way.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
The first chart on the left is my entry on the 30m the red arrow was my entry.  Now I went in modest because I figured there was going to be a move up more.  So I was jumping around the 30m, 1h, and 4h.  The next chart on the right is a 4h showing alot of up and down movement, but the bears are in control and the bulls cant hold aboce the 12 on the 4h.  So I took this one thinking that we would have another drop at this time, but it jumped I went down about 100 pips and closed with 43 leaving 13 pips to the bottom of the engulfing candle on the 30m.  This was entirely risky and I do not recomend it but it is an option if the other timeframes coincide.

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Im a little disappointed in myself on this short but it worked out I entered on the open of the last candle here on the 4h timeframe but Im a bit tired so I closed it a bit early. I entered at 137.71 and exited at 40, 31 pips of profit but right now its in the low teens. So with that I say good night.  Also I didnt get my full entry only about 50% normal risk as the market started moving at about the time I entered my limit. Should have just zeroed and let it run.

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Really not a bad down trend on the oz  glad to hear others are doing well too!

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Found another on the EY still open entered at 137.54 stop set at 138.04 and we will see it just jumped up a few so I want to see 5m close below 137.36 and If I dont I will look for 5-10 pips

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Well I came within 2 pips of my stop luckily no huge swings on my spreads ended up closing at 137.27.  +27 pips doesnt seem like much but I use high risk focus on winning trades not on amount of pips.  So Id like to ask the users how much of a percentage do you risk on this style.  The most I use would be 8% over 100 pips and the least is 4% over 60 pips assuming my order gets filled.

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
Hey again EY started dropping awhile ago and I finnally start seeing a pull back but couldnt get entry for some reason and then I went to a one minute chart and found a solid point at the red arrow saw it go to 16 up and then 16 down and float but 5 and 15 still looked good so held on to it set an exit at 30 pips then moved it to 40 moved it and instantly got hit for 39.something.  The volitility lately is absolutely amazing.

Entry 133.73 got filled at .741

exit 133.35 got filled at .355

10 minute trade I love those

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
Kodflakes,

Awesome posts and I like the idea of 1min charts. I wil give them a try and experiment with different EMA's as well.

I will update after today's session with 9th and 10th trades. Good so far.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
I decided to take the morning off as I do not like trading on fridays in NY session. I was l flipping thru channels and saw that the euro was tanking, the attached chart is EUR/USD the close of the arrowed candle was 3562. I really want to stress the strength of this candle in its position an inverted hammer that closes right on the 24 is a must enter in my book. Now even in this crazy market right every one of my cornflowers this week was a winner. went 16 for 16 on them could have made more on some of them but some of them could have turned into losers. So have a good weekend everyone and lets see if the Euro opens at 3200 or less on sunday.

Sorry this is a 30m chart

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
Been some good pips taken this week, glad to see you guys are getting some of the action too!

This is a 4 hour trade i took yesterday on the oz, T/P was 400 pips as I was not around to watch .... pretty happy with that

Have a good weekend

Bob

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Ive been looking at the Eur/Aud and noticed it is another one that follows the strat pretty well here is an entry at 2.0314 and my exit was at 2.0364 in the next couple of candles there was a good jump than some indecision and I set a limit to exit at +30 got out at the close of that candle it traced back about 20 pips then shot up again so on the one minute taking profits at 10-30 pips is a solid mark on this pair.

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Hey Guys,

Kod and Bob are burning it up. I love to see multiple traders making real profits using this great system. Below are today's trades and I traded both the EUR and GBP just for a change.

Eur 10-13-08 Box #1 is when I woke up and first took that long trade. I got +25 and +0. After that I wanted to see a break to new highs for another long trade but saw the market break lower. Box #2 is a short that I took and just barely missed profit but moved one position to break even since it only missed by a couple of pips...-25 and +0. Box #3 is a straight forward loser that I thought would continue the upside but did not. -25 and -25.

Box #4 that I like to take in choppy markets where price breaks the longer term EMA and then retraces almost immediately. It has been a high probability trade that has worked out for me quite well. I took +25 and +25 conservatively.

Box #5 I missed because I was out but Box #6 I took the short at the longer term EMA and just took +25 and +25 on that one. So +50 pips on the day for the EUR.

GBPUSD I traded this today because monday's are a very trendy day and it was proven on the pound. Box #1 I wasn't awake for just yet but Box #2 was the same setup and I took +25 and +43. Box #3 was another great setup that I took +25 and +80 because that was just short of the R2 pivot.

Box #4 was a trade that I was hesitant since the trend had been so strong so I took +25 and +25. Box #5 was the failure and I missed profit by a pip. -25 and -25.

Box #6 was my last trade and I took +25 and +25 conservatively. So the day ended in GBP at +223 pips. I am done GBP for the rest of the week.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
After sitting here and watching these pairs just run away I finnaly got an entry. This is the one minute chart on EY entry at the lower arrow and exit around the upper arrow. Now once my stocks match the trend on the upper time frames I noticed that they tend to bottom and go. So if the higher time frames are looking at an upward trend then I wait for my stocks to bottom once they bottom and I have an entry on the candles meaning that a conrflower entry is there I either buy or enter a limit. So got in at 139.92 and exit at 140.5 break even day for me got over confident last night. But everytime I think this is a good time to exit it pushes even higher wow what a day

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Iceman,

Thanks for your wonderful explaination^^

What I wonder is how do u adjust the take profit of 2nd position

since I saw u got +25, sometimes +43, +52, +80... ?

The second question is where should I put the entry, 24EMA or 43EMA?

Because sometimes u enter at 43EMA,

but 24EMA is your first choice nearly 90% of position.

Thank you for answering my questions ^^

God Bless

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Qwer,

My decision to take profit is based off of a few things. First is if there is a pivot line close I will take profit a bit short of that. Second, on monday's there is usually more follow through for whatever reason so I will be more patient and take profit at a higher level. Third, I take profit on both positions at +25 when I have had somewhat of a losing day and just need the pips and the market isn't really following through. That has burnt me though because sometimes the real trends happens in the NY afternoon which is my favorite time to trade because there is less whipsaw volatility.

I take most positions at the 24 ema but I have changed a couple of things and have mentioned these sparingly. I don't really trade the GBPUSD much anymore except on monday's because there is more trending movement BUT I still compare what is going on in the GBPUSD with the EURUSD.

That is because if, for example, there is a downtrend and both are retracing I will take a look over to the GBP. If the GBP has already broken the 24 and 43 to the upside then I will move my entry on the EUR to the 43. That way I know that I have a less chance of getting stopped. I don't really reference this too often in my descriptions so I thank you for asking that great question.

God Bless you too and I hope I answered your questions fully.

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Very frustrating day for me. Box #1-3 are overnight trades that were perfect that I was not around for. Hey! I've got to sleep sometime!! Those trades would have helped me out too.

Box #4 is my first trade of the morning which resulted in a -25 and -25 loss. Tough too because the market came right back down. Box #5 was the same setup but the EUR rocketed upwards after that entry for another -25 and -25.

So I thought for sure that this would be a perfect retrace on the upside but Box #6 was another loser for -25 and -25. I didn't really like the trade becaue of the stiff resistance at R1 but I had to take if in hopes of higher highs.

Box #7 was a nice setup that I actually entered just a little above the 24 at the first spike upward. This is where I took +25 and +25 because I just wanted to make back what was lossed.

A tough day where there was plenty of movement but no clean retracements early enough in the trend. So -100 pips on the day. Not too bad after yesterday and if we could all stay up 24hours a day I could get a lot more pips in the bank!

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Thanks a LOT ^^

I really appreicate your help, your posts everyday and what others did.

God Bless

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Hi ya Everyone,

Great posts and charts Iceman777, Bob_inabottle, and Kodflakes....thanx muchly for the in depth info ..

Iceman777, I was wondering if you could tell me or post your pivot line indicator here and is it actually used on only the 5min or can it be used on a higher TF?

Good to see everyone having great success with this system ..

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
Hey all I had a really frustating day as well Iceman so I went back and reread some rules found some of the instances I was forgetting. This style was set to catch the first move as you can see in my posts here I missed these but wow the would have been great. These are on the 15m so now Im looking for them on the 30m. One is the GY and the other is the EY. But since I was looking for every hit that closed or bounced off of the area in the 12-24 and took some losses today I thought it might be good to share.

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
You're welcome Adrian. I will try to attach pivot indicator.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Great BIG thanks for that Iceman777 ..

Sorry, i was also wondering what TF's could I use that on as well?

Also I was wondering on these settings have you just changed the 50 to 43 and the 21 to 24?

Post#89
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...t=26205&page=6

Big thanx,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
Ive been missing trades lately but noticed something on the 5m I noticed that using the 8, 12, 24 as an indicator in a sense. Now once they cross I noticed that they tend to move but lately the cornflower pull back just does not seem to happen till late in the move. So I started looking for the cross highlighted with a blue square then looking for the first pull back and a close, real close to the 24 only. The attached chart shows two of these entries and a cornflower opportunity that I missed that I just put a green circle with an arrow in it.

There is so much up and down movement Im thinking this can be good way to catch these mini trends.  If I remember right Iceman is trading real similar to this.  Looks that you can put a real tight stop on this as well.  Im going thru old charts and with these agzact rules you can know if it fails in the next 5m candle or set your stop above/below the previous candles high/low. As soon as I get more real time trades Ill post

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
Aarangio,

I believe you can use that pivot file for any TF.

Yes, I only changed to 43 from 50 and 24 from 21. I also changed the 12 to 16. Hope this helps!

God Bless.

I will post today's trades tomorrow because I am still in a EUR trade that developed quite late after this big trend finally pulled back!

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Here is ome from ey got in 134.18 at the close of the arrow Im at break even right now looking for an exit.

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Well got a signal to exit at 135.38

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Some crazy markets with all of the frenzy you would think that some systems would fall apart but trading a retracement of a trend has kept working.

Box #1 is a trade that I wasn't awake for and would have resulted in -25 pips. Box #2 is a nice trade that I took but resulted in a -25 and -25 loss. Box #3 was what I thought, a nice trade but missed my initial profit by 2 pips or so and I took a -25 and -25 loss becaue of the spike up.

Box #4 was a solid trade that I was quite motivated to take. After the spike upward failed and the EMA's hadn't even had time to squeeze together or reverse to the upside, I knew that I could take that short. I took +25 and just a simple +50 on that one since there was no profit targets that I could muster up.

Box #5 was another nice trade that I also took +25 and +50. I was a bit worried because of the close proximity of the S1 line but it broke through quite easily and hit my limit.

So yesterday was +50 pips. Not too bad at all.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
That cracks me up , very good work on getting some pips in tough times.... both of you

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Hi ya Iceman777,

Big thanks for your help once again ..

I'm using a 5/12/24/50 Cornflower set up blended in with the Bagovino method and it's working well through this crazy market..

Geeze!!...and i was starting to think i was the only one getting tossed around the last few days in this market ..

Good trading to everyone..

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Well things are alittle slow right now at 2am EST. So I will update yesterday's trades.

Box #1 is a trade that I missed but would have beena nice profit. Box #2 is when I woke up and saw that the GBP hadn't retraced at all so I took the short at the 43 instead. Perfect entryand took +25 and +44 at the S1 Pivot.

Box #3 was a nice setup but continued to fall so -25 and -25. Box #4 is was a short on the retrace after a breathrough of the longer term EMA. It has worked most of the time but this was some choppy movement at the time in comparison to the EMA's. -25 and -25 on that one too.

Box #5 was not a trade I wanted to even take because of the double top formation at the pivot line so I only took a single position. -25.

Box #6 is where I got my redemption and played the retrace/breakout of the longer term EMA. 3485 entry and exits at 3460 and 3421 for +25 and +64. The reason I chose 3421 is because of the recent low at boxes #3 and #4.

Box #7 hit nicely for +25 and +0. Just enough of a spike downward to give me that profit. Glad I was watching of I would have missed the breakeven move for my stop. Box #8 is a place where a lot of entries could have taken place but I usually wait at this point for lower lows or a new trend to the upside. Easy profit could have been taken too because of all the bouncing around.

Box #9 was a perfect trade that I took +25 on one position.

So today I missed some profit but still took in 83 pips on the day. Missed that magical 100 though.

God Bless you all.

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Aarangio,

It is funny that you mention the bagovino method. I was sort of mixing the two at one point as well! I loved it but I wanted to focus on one method and this turned out to be the one that I was most comfortable with.

If you are getting tossed around (meaning losing money) remember this: risk is the only thing that a trader can control. You know what you can lose if you set a stop. Keep trading until the probabilities of your edge take a hold.

Seems like some good movement earlier that was missed on the EUR. GBP has been very choppy yesterday and somewhat today. If both get back into a trend then we can expect things to be nice to us again. I don't know if that will happen though with how much correction we have had recently. Just my two cents.

God Bless you, friend.

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Hey Bob! You better watch your mouth!! Hahaha. J/K. Please show us your infinite wisdom on the 4hourly chart. I enjoy your trade examples and thanks to you and kod we are keeping this thing alive.

Many others are beginning to participate as well. Hopefully our trials and successes can contribute to someone's "lightbulb" someday.

God Bless you.

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Thanks Ice for your nice words, People sit up and read what Iceman777 has to say... he has been pulling some pretty nice pips day.... after day.

Now this here 4 Hour has not been giving anything away this week, I took a EUR trade tonight... not feeling that super about it but the trade was there so lets see how she plays out.

Cornflower Rocks

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
1st Profit target hit, free trade now

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
Well another day another dollar or should I saw Euro? Hey Bob, great trade but I can't tell you what is going to happen since the euro has already fallen almost 3000 pips from 1.60.

This is a day where patience pays off and diligently sticking to the system.

Box #1 is a trade that techincally would have been profitable but I took a good entry on basically the same trade at Box #2. I got +25 and +0 because of the return back to the EMA's. Box #3 could have been another entry but that is where I took the breakeven trade. That would have been an obvious loser.

Box #4 was a perfect setup but I had no clue where to take the second profit so I took +25 and +25. Box #5 was another great short at 3442 almost exactly. I took +25 and +31 from the most recent low just a half hour before.

Box #6 was not a trade that I really wanted to take because of it being the 3rd retracement and wishing I had held on much longer with the previous two trades. Profit target was missed by only a few pips and ended -25 and -25.

Box #7 was the breakout/retracement of the longer term EMA that I have been speaking about. Very nice trade but I missed it and was regretting that one more than anything.

Box #8 was pretty crazy. I did not get stopped but came within about 3 pips I think. The market then rallied like crazy and I took +25 and then missed my next profit target at 3497 but .9 of a pip! So that one went breakeven.

Box #9 was the one I was hoping to rally to higher highs for the day but then I remembered it was friday with no serious econ news. I ended up taking -25 and -25 on the spike down before the little rally. Frustrating.

I ended the day at +51 pips. I am plenty happy with that but need to learn to stop sleeping so I can get more trades.

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
Hi ya Iceman777

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
Hi Iceman777,

Could you please clarify some things for me?

Looking through your messages am I right in saying you use an automatic 25pip stop?

Do you actually trade with 2 lots?..take the first 25pips profit target and the 2nd?

You only trade Euro at the moment and sometimes £?

On post #1621  box #8 could you tell me exactly at what price you bought in at and was it a case of bouncing of the 43 or 24 MA?

Also do you use a special method of waiting for the bar to go above the bar before when going long and the opposite going short before buying in?

Sorry for all the questions Iceman777 ..

Many thanks,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
http://www.skype.com/go/joinpublicch...NWvQl5yHNEYCil

Cornflower Skype discussion room. Anyone who wants to join is welcome  Already 8 members and growing.

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
i get this from indonesian forum

is it the same?

http://www.ziddu.com/download/244308...Tools.rar.html

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Aarangio,

No problem with the questions...the more we ask the better we all become!

Yes, I use a 25pip stop on all positions. It is what has worked for me on the 5min chart. Just enough room for volatility, tight enough to keep losses to a minimum, and easy to remember.

I do trade with 2 lots. I always take the initialy profit at +25 and then move my stop to break even for the other position. At that point I decide on recent S/R, pivots, and sometimes just an eye for the chart for my exit. The big negative with 2 lots is the double loss when you do take a loss. So you need to be adjusting your money management for a 50 pip loss and not 25.

I cut my trade equity in half so that I was trading the same amount but in a dual entry format. I have been contemplating going back to a single position for some time but I have too much regret when I see a nice move for 50 or more pips after my entry. Personal preference is very important and the ability to self-analyze so that you can reach a positive conclusion is what each individual trader needs to do.

I only trade the EUR but I do trade the GBP on mondays because I recognized there seems to always be a nice trend on monday.

Box #8 I entered at 1.34381 and placed my stop at 1.34131. The low was 1.34154. I took initial profit at 1.34631 and my second take profit was at 1.34970. That missed by .9 of a pip. I cannot remember exactly why I chose 1.34970 but there must have been some justification!

I enter at the 24EMA at all times EXCEPT when the GBP hasn't retraced at all yet. Then I sometimes will wait for the EUR to go to the 43 and that is usually when the GBP is reaching the 43. Vice versa - Sometimes the GBP is already at the 43 so I know the enter immediately at the 24. That is not set in stone because both operate fairly independently.

The only time I would trade with a confirmation style is if there is a strong trend and I want to find a way to enter. I will wait for a retrace to the 16. Place a stop entry on the opposite side of the candle that touched and see if I get filled. For a short I would place a sell stop below the low of the candle that touched the 16. I dont really do that anymore becaues there are enough retraces for good trades at the 24 and 43.

I hope this answers all of your questions!

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
Well said Mr Ice!

Got stopped at B/E on my EUR trade from friday

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
Hi ya Iceman777,

Thanx muchly for all the answers and help on this you've been a great help..

Just wondering on the 5min you found that the 43 was a better signal than the 50 on the 5min TF?

Sorry, also just wondering if you use Pin bars as I see that they give very potent moves on the CF system?

thanx muchly,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Aarangio,

The 43 seemed to hold price better than the 50. I was fooling around with different # EMA's to see which looked the best. 43, 24, and 16 looked the most legit on the 5min TF.

I am not sure what a Pin Bar is...could you clarify for me?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Hey everyone sorry Ive been a bit misguided over the past few nights I can post what I missed and took on demo because it left me wondering too much about things, and I made my weekly target in one trade on it. I think we should form an IM group as well as the skype. Skype eats my internet up and kills my broker and charts. If anyone is interested post on the forum or pm me and I will create a list of people. Unfortunatley Bob, and Iceman are the only ones posting results lately Ive missed on over 300 pips this week and we are in tuesday night my time I think with a few minds together we can make 500-600 a week that is major profit no matter what leverage you use. I have been choking simply because of my daily life at the moment. Bob, Iceman, and aber excuse me I do not remember your name at the moment. Lets run with this system it works even in ranging markets as we have experienced over this week and some of last.  The trade I want to bring in to mention is the highlighted one in both charts.  I sat on this with at least one clear mind I think I would have taken this trade.  Trading is about psychology we wouldnt have all this volitlity if people were not scared they say trade when people are scared and be greedy when people are scared.

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
kodflakes,

I missed an EUR entry last night because i went to bed early... would be up over 200 pips as i speak, I love that old saying "I would rather be out of a good trade wishing I was in, than in a bad trade wishing i was out"

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
Hi all,

I just wanna share my indicators that i have.. it's base on Cornflower system but i modified a little bit. I'm using EMA 4,8,16,24,72,120,360 & 480. The indicator need BB_MULTI_EMA for calculating the trend on each EMA... Use KG Weekly StdDev Channel to help find where is the pullback will starting...

Enjoy..

KG

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
It was a great day yesterday, don't you agree?  Cornflower gave us some great presents. Look forward for such days in the future as well

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Hi ya Iceman777,

Here's a couple of articles about pin bars courtesy of the James16 thread...they have a lot of great information in there about Pin bars and Inside bars.... along with the Dib's thread they are both excellent threads worth reading information on trading..

Also i've attached another document about 7 habits of a trader for any newbies out there..i think they should all read this document maybe even print it out and read it often....why not ..I am!! .. as I feel these are all essential elements to becoming a professional trader..

Enjoy, I hope this is of use to some one..

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
I had followed CF for 4H since 1 month with great success with help of 15 min chart.
I found the best solution to follow the market with this method is to look to charts for 6 currency at each 4 hours periodically and when u will found one chart with good CF setup u have to put your email alarm on this chart and u can get this alarm at your mobile if u are not fulltime trader.
This sample of my trade at 16-Oct- when the candle 12 GMT reach 12 EMA area.

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
I've been following your system and quite like it. I've been a dyed in the wool 1-2-3 man (when price breaks point 2, I enter). I've been demo-ing on E/U and it seems to work well. I like E/Y and have been testing entering on a pull back to the 12 ema on the 5 minute chart. It seems to be ok. I dropped down to the 1 minute chart but have mixed feelings on that timeframe. I've been testing entering on a 1-2-3 break on the 1 min, in line with the 5 min as the master timeframe and all seems good.Just fine tuning at the moment.I'm still staying with the 1-2-3 for live trades, but yesterday I had a few loses in the Asian session which I made up for in London, BUT, if I'd have been scalping with a pullback method I wouldn't have had those loses. Keeps the examples coming, Cheers, Bogus

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
This thread needs to be back up top because this is one of the most powerful threads in all of Forex Factory.  Felicia is a brilliant woman with powerful insights into the market.  This system is still pure gold, as laid out in post number one.  The method is as powerful as it gets.

My advice to you is POSITION SIZE!!!!  This is what works for me... 100 pip loss=2% of your capital.  For a $5000 dollar account you trade 1 mini-lot.  DO NOT VIOLATE THIS RULE.

Also, what I use for a stop is a visual one.  I do not use a pre-set stop-loss (aka 'target for your broker to take out').  My stop-loss is: if there is a 1HR bar close past the 72EMA against my position, it is a loss.  You will notice in Cornflower that after a big move, the first return to the 72EMA is a very strong support. The 72 is the line in the sand.  If it closes past it, you lost this trade, look for your quickest exit.  LET THE BAR CLOSE and then make a decision.  It is an emotionless process.

For PROFIT, I look for recent lows/highs and I also use Bollinger Bands for reasonable exits.  DO NOT BE GREEDY!!!  Leave the top and bottom 15% for the risk-takers.  We don't need that, just take the meat off the bone and go home.

Another huge thing is this... jump up to the 4HR chart and use the same EMA's as the 1HR and determine the 4HR trend.  Your 1 HR Cornflower entries must match the 4HR trend!  NO EXCEPTIONS!!  If the 1HR says go long, but the 4HR is short, you have NO TRADE.

I will be lurking around for awhile, so if there are any Cornflower specific questions you have, I would be glad to help anyone attempting to learn the finer points of what has been presented so far.

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Hello Kang, nice to see you in this thread and thanks for sharing all the cool indicators. Here is my EU chart employing the indicators that you posted. Great chart!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
i am trading CF 4H only when the price reach 12EMA zone i will wait for pullback signal by follow-up Felicia 15 Min Chart " the setup with BB" I will wait until cross EMA 5/10 and then they aligned on the same direction on 4H chart. i have followed up this way since around 1 month with success.
the one disadvantage is the signal can come any time while i am at work or while i am sleeping . so i have followed the next scenario
1-each 4 hour i am looking to 8 currency chart and select the one which is good setup for CF.i just adjust my indicator for those are good setup
2-when indicator indicate the price reach 12 EMA zone on 4hour chat it will send sms to my mobile.
3-manually i confirm the signal and put other indicator online for 15 minute chart
4- when the 15 min chart indicator found a chance it will also send sms
then manually enter trade.
i am looking to other CF team member to join my work and divide the manual work to be 24 hours. if any interested please email me

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Hello!

Have not been able to trade much this week  but glad people are having fun with cornflower... this was one 4 hour set up late this week on the EUR but at the same time some good setups went down on the AUD, GBP, JPY and EUR/JPY (and maybe others i don't know about)

Where is Ice?

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
I saw these great setups earlier on GBP/USD for 36 (early exit), GBP/YEN for 85 (early exit), and USD/JPY 30 (early exit). All on the horuly time frame all I didnt want to leave pips on the board for a sunday and 151 total was plenty for me. But with as much as things have come down Im thinking a bottom is nearing and I do not want to leave positve pips on the board. So Time will tell if I jumped the gun or not but my target for the week is only 250 pips. C ya guys later.

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
Good stuff Kod, at that rate you will need to switch off your charts on Tuesday because you will have hit your weekly target .... Nice

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Kod,

I'm not realy into it, but whats the go with the PSAR on the chart you just posted?

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Bob

Im just trying something new right now trying to find something that makes this more absolute and I just havent taken it off

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
I agree! In my opinion this should be the top thread here. This is my favorite thread and favorite trading system here at Forex Factory. I closely follow 2 threads - this thread and the thread at the Talkgold forum concerning the 1-2-3 trade pattern. Both the Cornflower system and 1-2-3 pattern system are 2 of the most powerful, easy, & PROVEN systems you'll ever find! I'm looking into combining the 2 systems. I thinking of trying demo trades of entering on a 1-2-3 pattern after the price touches the 12, 24, or 72 ema. When a 1-2-3 pattern forms after the price pulls back to one of the CF lines, then that is potential confirmation to me that the price is about to bounce off that CF line and go in the direction of my trade.

Of course, this is necessarily the official way to trade the CF system, but it's a good way to combine this system and the 1-2-3 system.

I also very much believe that the time-frame above your main trading time-frame needs to be trending at the same time (as your main trading time-frame). As in your example, the CF lines on the 4 hr chart should match the CF lines on your 1 hr main trading chart. If you are trading the 5 mn chart, then the 15 min chart needs to be trending in the same direction. In fact, it would probably be a good idea if the 1 hr was also trending in the same direction as well (for a 5 mn trade).

Let's keep this thread where it deserves to be... at the top!

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
This is a statement made by traders which has always had me scratching my head. When I hear someone say they don't want to set a stop loss because the broker will see it and "take it out", does that mean the broker is watching every trade that is being made and then try to take out that stop loss? IF that is true, then what if there are 1000 traders making a trade within seconds of each other? Or even within 5 minutes of each other? Does that mean the broker is watching all 1000 traders at the same time, trying to hit the button over and over to take out each individual trade???

This just doesn't seem logical to me. Can someone explain this?

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
it's not just brokers, topgun, it's the whole industry.  it's obvious where some stops will be placed by the majority of traders, and the big fish in the sea will try to take those stops out.

When I say I use a visual stop it is this -  If the 1 HR bar closes past the 72, it is a loser and I will close the trade manually, AT A LOSS, when it returns to the 24.  I only acknowledge BAR CLOSES with this method.  Go back and backtest and see how many wicks break the 72 without there being a close past it, or how many S/R levels are 'broken' only to have it return in the direction you planned on.  I set Take Profits on every trade.  I do not set stop losses.  If my trade identifies itself as a loser, I move the Take Profit to the next reasonable exit area and let the trade close itself out.  This is how I minimize my losses.

This is the most powerful realization of my last month - using the bar close past the 72 as my indicator that this trade is a loser.  The other one is that I have finally dialed in the position size using my 100 pips = 2% rule.  I rarely lose 100 pips, but this has been pure gold for me, I can handle the drawdown that occurs with this method.

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
You say you will close the trade manually, at a loss, when it returns to the 24? BUT, what if it doesn't return to the 24? Will you not suffer a bigger loss waiting for it to return to the 24 and then it doesn't? Wouldn't it be better to just close the trade asap after the bar closes past the 72?

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Here is a EUR trade i took yesterday, so far so good... I know kod said something about how low these prices will (or wont) go but i tend to block all that stuff out and just trade what I see.

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
No Bob I just said I think a bottom is nearing Im still trading with the trend that is put up on the charts looks good

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Yes we should trade what we see and not try to guess. However, I see that the euro formed a clear double bottom not long after you made your trade. The double bottom is a sign it may be headed back up. We'll see what happens.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Now here is why Ive been looking at Psar and stochs and candles Im looking to go to a more of a swing type of trading style. Times are a bit tough right now so I need to go back to work. Now we almost have a touch on the 24 but the stochs are well above oversold also the psar supports a sell so we enter.  The top blue line shows the high the close was about 45 pips below it.  Now I have been taking profit at the bases of previous lows of runs that go or at least trying to.  So we have the lower horizontal line where this candle runs also we have stochs supporting this exit.  Normally I take 20-30 trades a week witha winning percentage of 60-70%.  Ive taken 7 this week only losing one.  Im trading less making a bit more but Im taking less chances because more things need to line up, also its only wednesday and I missed one which you can see on this chart which you can see at about 1600.  Now this one could fall in line since it doesnt break the oversold but at that point we are ranging we also have a couple of hourly closes that cannot breach the 24 and turn it back down, and we have PSAR supporting a long.  How many reasons do you need to take a trade.  So in the end lets see if this our bottom or just a huge bounce.

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
this is something I am currently working on.  I'm glad you brought it up.  Yes, the most conservative thing to do is close the trade the moment the bar closes past the 72.  I highly recommend this.  It is the easiest way out and is emotionless and requires no thought.  It closes past 72, IT'S A LOSER, close the trade!

However, if you have used Bollinger Bands, you will notice an inevitable return to the midline, which is a 20 SMA, which is very close to the 24 EMA in value.  So when the bar closes past the 72 EMA and I know I have a stinker of a trade, I don't just panic and close it, I instead look to the midline Bollinger Band, aka the 24 EMA, and I set my Take Profit to be at that level (most likely closing out at a loss), and wait for price to make it's natural return there.  Basically I am alway letting price come to me.  Go and backtest and see that price ALWAYS returns to these averages.  The averages may be higher/lower than you'd like when price finally gets there, but the fact is, price ALWAYS returns to it at some point.  So you might as well just set your trades to close out at those levels.  You control the trade, do not let it control you.  Look, see and set limit orders and take profit levels, shut the computer off and walk away for a few hours, come back and reevaluate.

The reason I can trade this way is my POSITION SIZING. I trade with the right amount to handle the drawdown that occurs. My 2% of my account=100 pips rule is pretty golden, though slightly aggressive.  1%=100 pips is better for beginners I'd say.

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
What happend was that it was stopped out for a b/e trade, darn right about the double bottom.... but thats also a part of trading what we see, it did make me feel bad about the trade but as it was already a "free trade" I was happy to let it run.

Bob

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
Whats this PSAR indicatior I see people using and how do you use it. All I see are a bunch of dots. If the dots are closer together does that mean something or if there at an angle? Any help on this would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Morpheus this is not part of Cornflower just something Ive adopted. But in short when the dot is above you are looking for a short if it is below you are looking for a long.  Its not the most accurate indicator and it is just something that I am using as a final indicator.  So if I have 2-3 other signals saying get in and then I also have PSAR added to these then I would take it but if I have 2-3 other signals saying get in and the PSAR not agreeing I may still take it.  All Im saying is it is not the most important thing on the screen but it helps me.

On the chart we Have the hourly touching the 24 with Rate cut news would have been a great trade but I passed on it.

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
Ok thanks kod for answering that question. I'm also curious how you use the stoch with the momentum indicator in it. I understand the stoch part but what signals from the momentum are looking for. Is it when the momentum crosses the stoch or something like that?

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
I was trying to see if momentum would really add something but I havent really found that it does. Just experimenting with it at the moment but haven't had any repeatable results.

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Here is an example of one of those first cross CF's that I talked about awhile back. I got a great entry on the TL at the 24 also and the first bounce off the 24 as well.  Now the stochs were overbought in the current drive down in my opinion a great indication that it will continue.  However during the hour it didnt seem to just go which all my good CF seem to just run away.  So around the open of the next candle I exited.  I had an original TP set at 2835 which was a few pips off the previous low but it didnt seem to want to go down there.

Entry: 1.2977

Exit: 1.29278

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
Can someone explain me what "pullback" actually means?

Is touching and then resuming the trend considered a pullback as well?

Do the candles need to be clear of the EMA lines? Usually, the EMA lines run right through the middle of candles. Is that still good enough to be a candidate for pullback?

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
hitman,

I have put some blue circles around some pullbacks on this chart, Its up to you how neat you want the the bounce off the EMA to be... in trading you need to be flexible.

If you or anyone is new to trading babypips.com runs a free school to help people understand terms and the basics of trading

Hope this helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Thanks Bob, appreciate your help.

Looking at the graph, it looks like there are so many pullbacks. Which one should we choose? So far, in my demo account, I go with the pullback which occurs when all EMAs (or more importantly the 24) cross the 72, indicating a very strong trend. However, such trends are few and infrequent. So, to make decent profits, you need position sizing. Is this what most people using this system do? Or am I missing something here.

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Hitman,

If you read post one in this thread you will see that we need all the EMA's staked in the right order for us to trade cornflower, yes this can mean lots time sitting on the sidelines waiting for a trend.... but thats what this system is about.

then we take pullbacks after this....

hope this helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Here's 2 trades I took recently using Icemans entries. The 2 red lines are the entry and stop(which wasn't hit) for the 2nd trade. I thought the 2nd one was going to get stopped but it worked out.

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
Look guys I use TL I use fibs when they look good. My strategy is never the same in the next. But this is an everchanging market. But when things that have worked for other people line up it is time to enter. This is the Euro/USD 4hr chart. I have a candle that bounces off my TL one that has been broken but bulls couldnt hold their territory. So once it goes back below I know that they couldnt pull hard enough to hold thier ground. So I took a short after I see that the bulls could not break the TL again. I caught my entry at the close of the previous candle of the close thinking that it would not make it back to the TL. At 2860, the high on the arrowed candle was 2881. Not much to risk but if you wait for the right close than you do not have to risk much. I waited till my charts showed my exit becasue I do not trade with my with my charts. I use separate companies, remember that if you are not an experienced trader.

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
h

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
I agree with you and would also appreciate knowing how some real trades are working out, but I think trading still comes down to each individual. Even a husband and wife can disagree on a trade.

Here is an example. The EURJPY is already in a setup ( I missed it) but what is the next step? Do you wait for the pullback? Use Fibs? or wait for a reversal? There are already 250+pips since the setup.

Are you trading with 1 lot ? , multiple lots? ... what % of your capital

What I can recommend, is to have a plan that if the trade doesnt work out, you can still trade another day... I have been down the road of margin calls...

Is it better to say "I missed the 2000 pip run in the GBPJPY , or for the last 3 months I have made 30 pips a day and still have an account" ?

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
hey ahmedradwan,

Care to explain how you send yourself an sms? what software do you use? is it provided by your broker? if so, who's your broker?

i'm at work 9-5 and i'm not able to cash-in on the activity. a system that sends alerts/messages would definately help.

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Iam a regular follower of this forum and i must say i use cornflower to the last detail. As regards sending sms, iwld really love to know how u do that.

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
It’s very simple from your indicator u can send email and from email to sms setup. You can do this by checking your mobile provider he should provide this service from email to sms or there are a lot of companies doing the same task around worldwide. If u want names send to me.

.

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Caught this one here on EY 1hr sotchs were oversold in a downward trend and we have a bounce off of the 12.  PSAR didnt hold but I am zeroed out on it right now so looking for it to make it to the TL for my exit.

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
Hey flower power people!

The last few weeks have been a bit dead for me on the 4 hour charts ... but thats one thing about this system I have gotten a handle on over time, you wont trade everyday and thats fine because when you do trade you want to make it count! keep up the good work guys and girls.

Bob

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
Hello

Took a trade on the pound about an hour ago, the trend is not that fast at this stage and it might not work out but it has hit my free trade target so even if I get stopped now who cares .... I will take trades like that all day

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Hello everybody,

I just want to say thank you to felicia for this great system. I found this thread a few weeks ago and just finished reading every post in this thread. I am new to forex trading and I want to use this system for a start, for me its easy and simple to follow except for the M30.

Could anybody in this thread explain to me with a few sample charts how to use the initial (M30) TF?

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
Hi its me again,

I just wondering if anybody out there can setup cornflower setting in H1 TF and at the same time setup the M5 setting on the same chart in MT4? Its really tedious and messy to open several charts on the same currency in a single platform. Its really helpful and save a lot of time not just for me but for everybody in this thread.

Mind my english. thank you

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
Bob

if your stop held looks like another clean one for ya good job!

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
Thanks kod,

up 215 pips at the mo

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
That 4 hour trade from Tuesday worked out ok, hit profit while i was sleeping of 400 pips, also were a few good setups on the GBP 1 hour if anyone was lucky enough to grab them

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
R!n,

I really don't know about the the initial entry... it would seem not to be as popular as the pull back.

The way I find easy for the 1 hour and 5 min  is to find a set up on the 1 hour, then forget about that chart and bring up the 5 min to time the entry, really as trading go's thats not a lot of work.

Hope this helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
Thanks bob for the ideas. I assume that there is no simple way to setup two different

cornflower settings in H1 and M5 in the same currency chart.

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Here's an hourly Cornflower I'm watching on a painfully slow day. It looks set up on 1hr, 30m,15m and 5min. I'm waiting for a break down, but it could go up.I won't take it long untill all the mav's are stacked in that order.

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
Here might be some handy pips on the oz 1hour

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
Hi Felicia

I just recently started reading about your wonderful system and I'm trying to absorb as much as possible. I had a few questions, and tried to send you a private message, but was blocked. Anyways, any chance I can e-mail you. My e-mail is p.adamo@sympatico.ca

Thanks for your help.

P.S. Did I say I love this system.

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
Hi Again

In earlier posts, there was mention of a chatroom. Is this still up and running? I clicked the link that was provided at that time, but it didn't work. If there is a new chatroom, could someone please provide the link. Thanks for your help

Peter

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
I'd prefer you just post in the thread.  I don't know why the PM was blocked, but any questions will benefit all.

Nice to see you guys still at it.  I'm going to try to be more active again going forward.

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Hi Felicia

Noticed you're on-line. Actually, as I read through this thread, the more my questions are answered. I've been trading for over 15 years, mostly in Futures and s&p e-mini. Just switched over to the Forex market in the last few months. Read a ton. Chart patterns are basically the same for all markets but had to get used to the nuances of Forex. Out of all the systems and methodologies I've learned or read about, yours ranks way way up there. It's easy to learn, and it doesn't rely on a million indicators. Combine it with proper position sizing and risk control, and i believe this is a s close to the Holy Grail that anyone will ever get too. Great great job Felicia. Thank you for sharing and keep up the great work.

Peter

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
Hey Felicia

Glad to see your back!  hope all is well in your world... any time you can spare us will be unreal!

Bob

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
Could this be the start of something beautiful?

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
Hey Guys,

I am new to forex, I hv been using the cornflower system for a few weeks now and gaining some profit from it. Thank you to lever70 for the system.

Unfortunately, I hv been hit a few times with the news release where price goes up/down instantly. I need everyone help here to teach me about the news release, when it release and how to avoid them.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
Dude, news calendar right here on this site. Don't trade during red release times. Even the orange ones can be dicey.

We are in crazy times and you do not want to be in a highly leveraged position near news time.

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
I doubt it. There isn't much beauty these days in the markets. This is also counter to the downtrend that is firmly in place. I expect this downtrend to continue. Not that you can't trade the upswing on CF, but you do have to be more vigilant. As for me, I'm finding this crazy market to be a scapler's paradise.

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
Can  you help us explain what the "actual", "forecast" and "previous" numbers mean in the calendar? What do those numbers represent?

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
Previous - the number last time the report was released.

Forecast - the consensus on what the upcoming number should be

Actual - the news number itself. Deviations from the forecast will move the market on a red news release.

Do not be in the market at news time unless you are already in a long term position. Brokers widen spreads, and you will find yourself in a bad spot.

Do not try and guess what the number will be. That's gambling, pure and simple. News can move the market 100 pips or more in a very short period of time. Also, do not trade news using an autoclick program. That was a good game a couple of years back, but brokers have long since gotten hip to it.

We have to be aware of when the news comes out to protect ourselves. You can attempt to trade the move after the spike, once spreads have returned to normal. This can be accomplished using my 5/10 system that I outlined earlier in the thread. Don't worry too much about the news itself. As I've always said, just trade with the market.

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
Welcome back Felicia, glad to see you again.

Regards,

KG

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
Looking back through some recent posts, I'm seeing a lot of indicators being added. I've always made a point of saying that traders shouldn't rely so heavily upon indicators, and I still feel this way. If indicators make you feel more comfortable about taking a trade, then pick just one and stick with that one only. But you are really better off without them.

Indicators are derived from price. As such, they lag what price is actually doing. You are much better off trading on price action.

Yes, EMAs are indicators. But I've found that they are the least of all evils. They represent the movement of price over time, and price tends to gravitate back toward a mean. This is why Cornflower works.

Indicators other than moving averages, in my opinion, are largely voodoo. They lull traders into a false sense of control over events and distract us from paying attention to what price is actually doing. We get paid only if we are right on price. Cornflower aims to gauge price direction.

The only other indicators I've used are (a) bollinger bands on my 5/10 chart to gauge volatility, and (b) cross-currency correlations. I haven't discussed correlations here, but they are invaluable. Typically, EURUSD moves with GBPUSD, and they are opposed by USDCHF and (to some extent) USDJPY. So if USDCHF is going up, GBPUSD and EURUSD should be going down.

Even if you only trade EURUSD, you should watch the other pairs. If the point of indicators is to predict the future, then we should be watching all four of these pairs at once. More often than not, when the GBPUSD moves, the EURUSD follows, and the USDCHF goes in the other direction. It's usually cable that moves first, though this is not always true. The point is, more often than not one currency pair will tell us where the others are going.

Go to http://www.mataf.net and look at the correlation tables, which are updated frequently. They will help you in making your trading decisions.

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
hey lever, I have been following this thread for a little while (i notice every one says lurk or they are a lurker here so maybe I should say I lurk here as well lol) and I just wanted to say thank you. I know there are various EMA type systems but I have been lurking on this which has added another piece to my style of trading. I know that you are against using too many indicators as it can sometimes be detrimental. I have been examining cornflower in a stochastic setup using one other indicator. I really have an affinity towards using stochastics for some odd reason so I have added it to my arsenal and use it with almost any system.  Primarily I trade using multi-time frames and I am using the cornflower as an entry system on lower time frames coupled with a few other things.

I believe that each trader must search within themselves to find out what makes them trade better and makes them more confident. Right now I just use about 3 indicators. I will not discuss it here as this is the cornflower thread and do not want to derail the discussion using the cornflower system. Just wanted to chime in to say that I think the cornflower is quite powerful and that I will be using it to better time my entries as well as a filter for trades. I have been looking at using the cornflower at the 5min and even the 1min level and it has nice potential.

just wanted to say thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
I don't have much to add at the moment.  But trade vigilantly and protect your profits.

We are in the midst of a financial crisis whose outcome is far from clear.  Liquidity is thin because market participants don't trust one another.  Remember that the forex market is comprised primarily of banks, and they are all playing defensive right now.  There is an unwillingness to commit capital, and a general sense of mistrust.  In illiquid markets, the moves are sudden and swift, and can't be easily predicted.  As I type this, I am watching the EURUSD zoom up 40 pips in an hour, with violent downswings along the way.  This type of action never used to happen in the early hours of Asia trading.  It is now near-routine.  There are, of course, opportunities in this kind of action.  But be careful.  Trade what you see, and guard yourself against trading on expectations of how things "should" happen.  The past is the past.  We are in a different era than we were a year or even six months ago, and everything is suspect.

I am currently using Cornflower as a means to gauge (oh look, EURUSD just dropped 15 pips) general market sentiment, but am relying on my shorter-term systems for actual trades.  I'm willing to take any and all questions relating to these.  Mind you, they are not for the faint of heart.  Then again, trading isn't more generally.

Over and out,

F

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
Folks,

I'm removing the 30M "aggressive" entry from the system.  I have decided that it's too arbitary an entry point, especially in this market.  Please use CF in its hourly application only.

Also, I see that people are using CF on all sorts of timeframes.  That's cool, but just remember the values of 8, 12, 24, and 72 are so because they correspond to hour lengths, hence the timeframe.

Best,

lever70

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
Hello All,

It's been awhile since I was on the forum.  It's nice to see CF is still going strong.  Regarding TF's, I still use the 4H and the Hourly chart for entry signals.  I had been experimenting with the Daily and Weekly charts, but the results were not as I hoped they would be.

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
So, if I'm using the 30-min timeframe, my values will be 16, 24, 48, 144 .. correct?

Also, what would be the advantage of moving to a smaller timeframe, because now you've adjusted your EMAs accordingly? The relative increase in volatility by moving to a smaller timeframe is counter balanced by your adjusted values.

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
Simple......   Hope others got some pips too!

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
I didn't say anything about adjusting the EMAs for the 30-min.  I only said I'm no longer using the aggressive entry as defined in the first post.  That said, if you want to experiment, by all means.  But I've never tried doubling the EMAs on the 30-min myself.

EURUSD is going to but up against the weekly trendline around  1.3450.  Careful.

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
Hi Felicia,

I've been studying this system for quite some time now and i've been having good results. But, one thing that always crosses my mind is, aren't we missing the big swings? We only trade the "pullbacks", so we essentially watch the swings go by and as they pullback, we enter .. hoping for a bounce off.

What if we simply trade off the 12/24 EMAs instead of the price? it'll require you to hold onto trades for days, but the pip run will be HUGE. The 12 EMA follows the price very closely, within a max. 100 pip range. Exits and entry will be based on EMA crossing. Your thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
Here is why:

http://img526.imageshack.us/img526/5571/whipgw9.gif

I'll leave the exposition to you.

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Yes, I realize that the drawdown in this case will be around 150 pips. You can use good money management to minimize its effect. Also, when you see the price to be deviating too much, you can downsize your positionor exit position to be completely safe. In general, the price WILL return to the 12/24 EMA, will it not? My only concern is, how badly do the indicators lag.

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
Lever

You talked about other short term strategies can you share some of these?

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
I understand the points you raise in this and the other post you made. The thing is, adjusting Cornflower to be more responsive to quickly changing market conditions would result in a different system altogether. I would prefer to simply leave this one as it is, with its close to two years of history. Corrnflower is a pure retracement system, and yes, you ARE going to miss the beginnings of some moves. However, Cornflower will catch every major move in the market. If you wish you trade on momentum, you should find another system more suitable to your trading style, perhaps combining it with Cornflower. I do this myself, and my 1-minute modified guppy and 5 minute "5/10" are both suitable for this purpose. Both are detailed early on in the thread prior to post 100. (Kodflakes, this should answer your question.)

So, did anyone use Cornflower to catch some of the 1700 pip up move on EURUSD?

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Wow, interest in this system really seems to have waned. I suppose I am partly to blame, being away from the forums for so long. But I would really like to hear how people are doing, even if you are no longer trading Cornflower. I am especially curious to hear from folks who may have altered the system in some way to their liking.

In the past I have discouraged the use of indicators because I wanted the emphasis to be on the Cornflower rules, and also because they are far too often used as crutches by newbies. However, in the right hands they might have some value. I realize that this system has always been discretionary in that exits (and to some extent, entries) are left up to the trader, so perhaps it is natural for people to seek something beyond the EMA entries. I personally use simple support and resistance as targets, but I'm curious to hear from others regarding what has and hasn't worked.

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
Hey Lever

I dont think it's a case of people not having interest in cornflower, a little while before your return I was posting my trades and a few others were doing the same, things seem to have been rolling along then. More a case of nothing changing ... I can post more of my trades but nothing new to see, thats the great part about cornflower (and other top systems) things don't get changed often because they work.... as anyone who really can trade knows its simple once you Know How.... getting the mindset to use the Know How is the hard part.

Also people think trading has to be a job (like 9-5) and if I am not trading then im not making money, with cornflower I have had weeks without a trade... then on the other hand I have had cornflower trades that last weeks.

Not to say others dont add things that may help (them) but I don't want people getting the idea that things need changing

Buy in the dips.... you know the rest

Hope this helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
thanks already download just now,

need to practice this conrflower system

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Post 1701 just up on the page before this one.... not that I am one to brag

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
4hr Cable .... (need to be brave)

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
I use the 1 hour Cornflower with support and resistance and a 200 ema. I start off on the monthly candle stick chart with nothing on it and work my way down,  just putting major sup/res on and then switch to 1 hour CF and see if any of the ema's line up with sup/res, major fibs or pivots. I try to time my way in on a 1 or 5 minute chart.

Next year I want to trade less and just pick the A+++ trades and let them run. I want to work on exits. I've been testing using a 2 bar stop instead of picking a level to get out on.i.e. the E/$ trade last week, the 32 fib level as an exit would have left too much on the table.

Good to see you back Lever. I agree with Bobs post yesterday about the simplicity but getting our heads right.

Merry Christmas to all. See you next year.

Bogus

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Hello Lever, I've been lurking for the past several months and have been playing with my demo account using  the basic 1hr CF method.

So far, I've been very sucessful WHEN I follow the CF rules.  The only time I get into trouble is when I try to predict a CF set up and get in a bit too early.

One of the more challenging aspects is finding a good exit strategy.  I think paying attention the the daily/weekly support and resistance levels, pivot points..etc.. is key,  but being a FX newbie...I'm still trying to understand what they really mean...

I think what this CF system has really shown me is that along with understanding the technical aspects of FX trading...you need to work on your emotional side as well.

- don't get angry at the market

- don't see a good CF set-up - don't make a trade - walk away.

- patience will be rewarded

- indicators = noise

Finally, thank you Lever and the rest of the regular posters for sharing.

Happy Holidays

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
sme 1 please tell me how i paste a print screen picture showing a chart on the reply thread, what do i once i print screen because i cant paste it directly

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Break even now

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
I have been using the CF H1 MA settings on H1 and M30 TFs and the M5 MA settings on M5 only. I have added STARC bands and Fractals (for a bit of convinience) and ZigZag. I like mutlitimeframes gearing, since M5 to M30 is a 1 to 6 time ratio. I also use Cf as originally designed to H1 TF, and pay attention to the performance of the 72EMA. I trade only GBP/USD and it is possible to scalp both ways in relation to the direction of the EMA72 on H1, but going against it demands a tighter SL and taking smaller profits. Going in the direction of this 72EMA on H1 allows one to miss the smaller cycle/s and still come out with profits, as the trend on a larger TF is less likely to change.

Best wishes to all and many good trades,

2be

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Well Cornflower people Ive been seeing a lot of opportunity lately just been missing the entry so havent had a trade lately just wanted say hello

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
Kod,

Great to see your around, I know you said you have been missing entrys but what do you think about the question Lever posted on exits? any thoughts?

Bob

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
I have been trading for many years...stocks, commodities, options and now fx for 3 years.  I want to stress that simplicity is the key to trading and cornflower is an excellent way to look at and trade the markets.

If one has patience and gets rid of the gunslinger attitude you will make great money with this simple approach.  Watch the weekly/daily and use the 4 hr as your template and your life will become so much easier.

I feel with the correct money management rules...not over trading and let your winners run you will become a very successful investor.

Just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
....and I'm not talking EA here!

This is a great system, however, it does take a lot of patience. This method would be greatly enhanced methinks with an indicator that alerts you to when price pulls back into the 12-24 zone when you have the setup, a simple text pop up with audio would do it!

regards all

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
That's very interesting. Since the Cornflower EMA's are tweaked for the 1 hour chart, seems like you would need to adjust the EMA's but what do I know as I only have about 3 mths. trading experience

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Stare at a 4 hr for 3 more months...you will be a happy investor! Add a 200 ema for a filter.

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Open to any suggestions on these pairs. Do you wait for a pullback to the 24EMA to get in or wait for possible reversal? This is the part I have hardest with, after it has made a good setup and is still on a run, when it comes back to the EMAs... whether to get in or wait

I had someone suggest before to look also at the angles of the lines and that the more steeper they are the better.

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
The horse has bolted. R:R isn't great, where would your stop be? I'm waiting for a pullback before I get in again. It might carry on down, but has double bottomed on 5 minute chart. Also, a gap to be possibly filled. Like my teacher used to say.."could do better"

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
Brent

I would be waiting for a pull back to the 12 or 24

"If one has patience and gets rid of the gunslinger attitude you will make great money with this simple approach."

This was in a post back up the page... wise words

Bob

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Here is updated charts at about 4pm EST. The EURJPY had its pullback at 8am and showed about 200pips of profit.

The USDCHF for now the setup is gone, but would you go long once the 8EMA crosses back above the 12EMA?

I agree with patience and not to force a trade, but this is where I have the problem of getting in. In hindsight, I can see this set-up, but as its unfolding and I'm being "patient" and miss a move like this.

So again in hindsight, if I did take the EURJPY trade and set my SL just above the 24EMA, my initial SL = 80pips. Would you then trail it on the 24EMA as each candle closes? And if this was the case, I would still be in the trade with about +30pips in profit.

Thanks for any input.

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
I would only enter if I had a bounce that was on or around the 12 or 24, thats it no if buts or maybe. My stop on 1 hour is no more than 30 pips or 5-10 pips under the bounce (which ever is less) If you want to ride trend then keeping your stop under the 24 is a good guide to me.

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
This is one of those few easy MA systems that I really like (the other MA system I also like is the Virus by Tony).

Thanks Lever70 and thanks TEB for the SAR ideas on 15m time frame to make the entry!

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Bob

Been a little busy as of late and I have missed levers question you were refering to if you dont mind refresh my memory and Ill be happy to share.  Ive been picking up 20-30 pips max no losses this month but but only 5 trades this month so slow pickings for me.

Ive signed up for the mobile and all of my entries have been there as I have had to be else where and no pics but as soon as I get some around the comp Ill be happy to post all good luck out there

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
I entered on the 2nd thumbs down. I took a loss on a valid trade on the 3rd, and re entered on the 4th. Currently waiting for a break of the next support line.

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
....and I'm going to let it. It looks to me like its setting up for a short, but I'm not going to jump the gun. It's been going sideways for a long time...

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
Well guys been a while since ive actually been around for an entry but looking good so far

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
Well this one closes the night for me ended the previous at USD CAD at +24 and +32 on the pound here looks like the cornflower is still reliable.

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
Uchf setting up for a cf trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Im having a little issue getting charts up for some reason so here it is for the pound on the entry

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Well this is one of the examples of the first cross that I was talking about so long ago. I do not have a percentage on these simply because they are a bit risky but take your previous candle as your stop if ti goes past it then it is broken. Also you need a good sized wick to even think about these.

All right everyone out with 47 thats all I look for so that is why

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
Nicely stacked MAVs

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
G/J

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
Bogus, be careful entering two trades on correlated currency pairs.  You're essentially doubling your trade size.  Multiple trades are best pursued on pairs with a lower degree of correlation than GBPUSD and GBPJPY.

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
Fair call. I only put half my usual size on these 2. If it works out I'm hoping to build a position and add to it. Not overly optimistic, but worth the risk.

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
I pulled my stops up and got stopped out. Ive made up the loss scalping on the 5 minute chart. You win some , you loose some.

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Way to end the week for me saw a great set up happening on EY and EU and I had to go to work unfortunately so I set up a modest stop and a trail on both worked out great.  I had to grab these about 15 minutes before the close which I try not to do but I had no time.  All my entries are in the pics as well as stops and TP's

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
Found another opportunity on the pound not agzactly what cornflower looks for.  So we have a good sized wick on the hourly close where the red line is and we have a close right below the 24 these are the formations that I love.  Got in and the price action never really showed much follow through, so after I saw it go 30 pips into profit it stopped and started bouncing between +20-+30 and I ended up getting out with 23 so good trade

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
Its been real choppy today but finally got something that looks promising all tp's and stops are in the pic not looking for much on this one but I figure 20 pips should come.

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
Nice job on the 20 pips, that was gutsy but well-timed.  Always better to enter after a green candle.

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Thanks there Lever but that was just where I was expecting it to go I ended seeing some hesitation at the 1.3000 point and snagged that for an exit.  This system is great I appreciate you sharing it with all of us.

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
lever

I havent seen a chart from you in a while any reason for that?  Im guessing but this is your style or maybe a take off of someone elses, but show us some of your magic!

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
I just don't have a lot of time these days to post. If I see something worth commenting on, though, I'll do it. But when I'm not enmeshed in my usual non-trading activities, I'm trying to focus on actual trading (which is going quite well, I'm happy to report).

Sometimes it's good to lay low...

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Although I haven't posted here, I've been secretly trading cornflower for 7 months now. It took a while to get the discretionary part down but then it became a very consistent pip-earner and one of my more reliable tools. For the past 3 weeks, however, with all the endless "bailout" yak-yaking, I can't seem to be able to buy a pip and doubts are creeping in.

So, rather than look for "refinements" to an otherwise reliable system, I thought I'd post first and see if you guys are having same trouble or is cornflower still working for you and it's ME and my psychology that needs checking. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Optik

There have been plenty of opportunity Ive been missing them been a little busy lately and looking at a couple of other strategies but here are a couple that I found just after reading

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
For people wanting to know if others are still going strong with cornflower.... I found this http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=146461

They use other things as well but cornflower is one of the tools used.

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
Hi bob  Thanks for mentioning my journal. Yea...something interesting is going on in there. A guy, Jwentro is his name is coming up with automation of cornflower trade, which according to my understanding of cornflower would be very complex to make. So, I am waiting with much interest on this one.

Now, for the last week, I was looking at GU which is where my trades are mostly done. Now on hindsight, I should have been looking at UJ too. I would say UJ gave the best cf trades last week but of course, I missed it all

I post two charts, i.e on GU and UJ , after all pics is worth a thousands words

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

<<<<very choopy movements
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

<<<< smooth movements

Happy Pipping to all

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
This has come up again here and in other places. Regarding a Cornflower EA, I devised Cornflower as a discretionary system, and I think it's best traded that way. No computer can replicate the judgment of an experienced, disciplined trader. There have been a number of attempts to automate Cornflower but no one has yet succeeded in devising an EA that is truly workable. The problem with Cornflower is that it's a trend-following system, and if every entry is taken there are going to be periods of drawdown in ranging markets. There is no way around it. Sure, we can write an EA with fixed profit targets of 20 or 50 pips, but the profits that result will mostly be eaten away by the inevitable losses in unfavorable market conditions. It's not the fault of the system. The market is unstructured and does not obey one set of rules at all times. As traders, we have to adapt to prevailing conditions, and adjust our decisions accordingly.

That said, I encourage further work for those up to the task. I think any EA that incorporates Cornflower would need to be adaptive to market conditions, taking into account short- to mid-term fluctuations in volatility, average daily range, and multi-currency correlations. We'd also need to take into account support and resistance on multiple time frames, which is difficult to code with reliability. Pivot points are often cited as a solution to this problem, but I have found their usefulness illusory.

I'm glad interest in the system is still strong after all this time.   February was a frustrating month for those trading the USD pairs, but rewarding to those who traded long XXXJPY.  The market will find its bearings before too long.

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
In all truth and reality has anyone found an ea that works consistently anyways.  You always hear about the marketing make 20% every month Ive bought a total of two got my money back on one and trading another for 3 more weeks then I should get my money back on that one because it doesnt work.  It takes a human mind to make consistent money.

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
hi all

i'm a new cornflower user

and i think it's the best system I've ever tried up until now

but there are a few questions about the system

if I have an OPEN POSITION with unrealized profit and there's a HIGH IMPACT news coming, what should I do??

should I close it?? or I keep it open??

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
there isn't a right answer.  make your own mind up what you want to happen to your account.

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
GbpChf is a good candidate for a cf trade when market reopens next week. We have a strong move downwards and now price is retracing, and if I see a reversal candle off the 12 or 24 ema, most likely I will take a sell with the previous low as the initial target and a stoploss few pips above the reversal candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What ya guys say?

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
hi bro

sorry, i am a noob cornflower user

maybe the question is kinda silly

how do u know that the price will go downward after the reversal candle?? what if the price continue to move upward??

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
I dont know..... I am taking a calculated risk

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
Looks the goods to me , I like to get my trades to b/e ASAP but your plan sounds fine, maybe you can post a chart on monday or tuesday and let us know how the trade works out

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
keep it open! Let's see what happens.

Let us know.

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
I dont want to be a trade during big fundys, at the very least keep stops tight, some brokers wont always pay your limits and stops in times like that, if unsure stay out!

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
So how are all the flower people found this one on the CAD. Have been looking for a breakdown the past couple of days but the market had other thoughts.  So we will see how this turns out hope all are doing well out there.

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
Hello all, I was posting a lost of charts from live trades back in october but had a lot happen in life since then. I really don't have the time to be posting like I was then but I wanted to drop by.

I see things are still going well for many and they are for me still to this day. Bobinabottle, I do remember you. Some new faces, eh?

Just for those that don't know/remember me... I have been trading this system live since early october I believe. I have changed just the periods of the ema's and use pivots/ support and resistance for exit points. The entry is the classic pullback entry and I trade on the 5min time frame.

I have been averaging 100-200 pips per week on good conservative setups. Probably closer to 100 per week than 200. I got for 15-30pips per trade and usually match it with the same to a little bit less on the stop.

I am mainly opening up dialogue for anyone with questions and just a good place to talk trading!

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
Welcome back, look forward to seeing some of your charts with a brief explanation. I look at the Cornflower and the Guppy setups every day, as taught to me by Lever 70.

regards all

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
Hi iceman777,

Do you mind to share your system? Maybe with a chart or two?

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price has pulled back to the 12/24 area. I am thinking of a buy sometime in the Asia session next week with stoploss and take profit as marked in blue.

Any comments,,,cf traders??

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
Hartnet,

I am trading the 5min charts on the EUR/USD mainly but also taking some GBPUSD trades. I have noticed that the EURUSD is the best moving currency for this type of trading. I use a 16, 24, and 43 EMA setup for my entries.

Those seem to be the best that have worked for me after much backtesting and now live trading since september 2008.

Below is a chart with my trades since last night. Some of those I took and some I wasn't awake for but it gives you a good example of what I look for. Oh, and I also include the pivot points for exit points sometimes. More often than not I take 25pips profit though for simplicity sake.

The first two boxes I did not take those trades. The 3rd box and forward I did take and they went as follows - 3rd-+25, 4th-+25, 5th--20, 6th-+25, 7th-+25 (missed stop of 25 by 1 pip and then went down)

Hope this helps.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
Hello!

Great to see you round Ice, you guys and girls that trade low timeframes really get my respect . Ice I have posted a Eur 5 min chart with what I see as set ups over the early eur/ldn session today. Circles 1,2 and 4 are nice setups that would bring in 20 pips with a 10 pip stop (nice work if you can get it) circle 3 is where the ma's are crossing the 72.... I don't take trades like that but what do you think?

I am still a large timeframe cornflower user... but i have a  few "spare" hours each night, so if the setups are there I might play around (will post charts if i do)

Bob

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
Hey Bob!

Good eye for the charts. You might just be converted someday to the lower times frames. My setups are a little bit different because of the different time period ema's but all in all it is very close.

I wanted to comment on the comment that you made concerning the crossing of the 72 or in my case the 43ema...

I have personally found that there is a losing trade that preceeds this happening (obviously because price broke down and did not continue on the trend). When price breaks through the 43ema, the shorter ema's are typically stacked correctly on the downside (in this case) and then what I have found is a high probability trade when price FIRST retraces to the 43ema.

Typically the shorter term ema's are close to the longer term ema when this happens so you have a ton of resistance from 3 ema's all at once.

This chart I posted gives 2 examples:

Box #1 is a failure and a losing trade. But Box #2 is a retrace afterward that does end in a profitable trade atleast for me. Notice the ema's are all at one place. Not real text book because of all that volatility but it got the job done.

Box #3 is a losing trade that was quite the nice setup. Box #4 is a trade that I took on the short side and gave plenty of pips. This example is more textbook because I don't like too many bars to print before this retracement happens or I feel like it is more like violent whipsaw action than anything. (that statement relating back to boxes #1 and #2)

I hope this helps and it will get you in on some early trend reversals from a true trend retracement.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
Hi everyone, I have some good news! A Cornflower EA has finally been created! I think this is the very first Cornflower EA posted in this thread that automatically takes the trades for us! I did see another EA here, but it just gave arrows and audio alerts of trade setups, but it did not take the trades automatically...it required the trades to be taken manually. However, this EA takes trades automatically.

Earlier this week I posted in the "Programming Discussion" section of FF a thread requesting someone to make an EA for our wonderful Cornflower system. Only one person was kind enough to agree to make the EA for us ... and he was nice enough to do it for free. His name is Postrock and I want to thank him for making this EA for us. Thanks Postrock!

I will say, however, that I have not yet tested it ... so I hope I'm not being too premature in posting it here right now. I just want to let everyone know that an EA is available right now and I wanted to give everyone an early chance to test it.

With this EA you have to set your own stops and targets. You also have to set your own timeframe and your number of lots you want to trade. You can also choose any of the Cornflower ema's you want as the trigger ema (the ema you want a trade to enter on when it touches).

Even though I still think trading manually is probably the best way to trade this system (or any system for that matter), I think it is worth a try to see if an EA can actually be profitable. I figure there's no harm in trying (just be sure to test it thoroughly with a demo account before using a live account).

Here is the link to Postrock's post of the EA. In his post he explains in more detail about the EA and the settings. Without further delay, here the link the the message by Postrock that has the EA:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...3&postcount=13

Happy Trading!

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Well after seeing so much shake I decided to try some of the 4hr got this set up lsat night.  I ended up falling asleep but woke up and saw that it was a couple of hours and only a few pips in profit 38-40 so I ended up taking the profit it just wasnt moving like it needed to and went back to bed. Hope everyone is trading well.

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
i am wondering if it is get ready to buy eur/usd?

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
I'm really suprised nobody here has not said anything at all about the Cornflower EA that has finally been developed.

As I remember, throughout this thread there were several people asking for an EA to be used for the Cornflower system. Now we got one and nobody seems to care.

For those that care about it, here is some info about it and how I am using it:

I am currently trading on 2 demo accounts – FXDD and Interbank. I was using Alpari but I decided to drop it and focus on the other 2 demo accounts.

(I am editing in the below part because for some reason it did not go through when I originally posted this message).

I am trading the 5 min chart on FXDD. I am trading only with the eur/usd with the 5 mn chart. I am testing a 15 pip SL and 30 pip target. I am using the 12 ema for the trigger (entry).

WIth the Interbank platform I am trading the Cornflower on the 1 hr chart. I am testing a 30 SL and 60 target with most currencies. With the gbp/jpy I am using a 40 SL and 80 target. I decided to use the 8 ema (instead of the 12 ema) as a trigger for the 1 hr trades. Since the EA will currently take only 1 trade at a time, I have several currencies set up with the EA. This gives me better odds that it will almost always be in a trade. Because when one trade ends, hopefully another will happen very quickly.

Currently we have 2 minor problems with the EA:

1. The rules state the ema's need to be in an angle for the best results for a trade. RIght now the EA wil enter all Cornflower set-ups whether or not they are in an angle. Last week I asked Postrock (the developer of the Cornflower EA) if he can make it for the ema's to be in a 20 degree angle for the trades. He said maybe he can do it this week.

2. It looks like the EA will take no more than 1 Buy trade and no more than 1 Sell trade at a time. This basically means it won't take more than 1 trade at a time (unless you are trading with more than 1 demo account ... as I am doing. Then you can take 1 trade on each demo account). Postrock said he plans on fixing it so we can trade with several currencies instead of just one.

I hope he can get these problems fixed. Postrock has done a good job making the Cornflower EA. If he can fix these problems, then I will really be excited about it.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
I appreciate your work Topgun. I'll be watching with interest.

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
Top Gun,

Everything sounds awesome. I am not too particular to EA's so I didn't have much to say about this one BUT there are many times when I wake up or get to a chart and realize that I missed 3 good trades in a row!

Very frustrating and if this EA could get the business done that it needs to then I will surely give it a try.

Thanks for your efforts and God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
Topgun

I care.... I am not with an mt4 broker and so even if I wanted to I can not use it.

To often when someone makes an EA for free people will say but it wont do this or can you change it to do that?

I am not asking for these things to be changed or for any new EA to be made but just saying what I see as problems with it for me.

The angle thing may be something people use but by the nature of how Cornflower works when the EMAs are lined up the market will have been running and some angle will be present, I know they can flatten out when things are quite but often that will mean they are jumbled up and I'm not looking to trade in that situation anyway.

Also one of the ways I enter a trade is by using the high/low of the bounce candle to enter, this means (at least some of the time) that trend has resumed and the market is showing this by moving back away from the bounce EMA, having this filter means not always getting in at the best price but also not getting stopped out every time price just keeps going the other way.

Also what about Lever's 5min entry, also a good filter?

Hope this helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
Hi TopGun,

Thank You . You too, PostRock

I will test this on 8 pairs (EU,UJ,Uchf,Ucad,GU,Eaud,EJ and GJ). For now , I am thinking of a risk to reward ratio of 1:1. But who knows in future, it may change.

Once again, thanks to TopGUn and PostRock. Both of you

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
hi TopGun..this was posted earlier by lever70...what do you think?

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
hi everyone..i made some little changes to the EA..you can take it here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...18#post2627818

HOWEVER KEEP IN MIND THAT THE EA HASNT BEEN PROPERLY TESTED I have made magic number function, but i'm afraid it still doesnt work if EA is used on multiple charts at the same time..please test it out and let me know if it does or if it doesnt..i gotta go out in a few minutes and cant test it myself..

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
Postrock,

Than you for improving your EA. Yes, we will have to test out the "Magic Number" function to see whether or not it is working correctly.

I will have my computer turned off starting tonight through Monday. So I will not be testing it during that time. I will be out of town and I don't like to keep my computer constantly running while I'm gone. Hopefully others here will test it while I'm away.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
Bob - If you want then you can use a demo MT4 broker to try the EA, but of course it is up to you whether or not to try it.

In regards to it being a free EA, you are right, Postrock has been gracious enough to make the EA for free, so I am not making any demands that it perfom in any certain way. I am just glad someone has finally made an auto-trade Cornflower EA.

As for the angle of the MA's, yes you are right in that they kind of naturally get into an angle once they are lined up in correct sequence. Maybe its not such a big deal after all to have the MA's in an angle. I guess we will know more whether this is needed after it is thourghly tested.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
hartnet,

Please remember to download the new improved EA. But remember, Postrock says it may not yet be able to trade many currencies at once on one trading platform. So test it out first ... then we can let Postrock know if it is working or not.

As for a new thread for the Cornflower EA, I suppose we could start a new thread. It is up to you guys if we should start one.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
Hi All - I am certainly interested to see progress on the EA. It is likely there is more interest than appears at the moment - Never buy version 1 of anything.

I'd love to see it work out.

Altos.

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
I think GJ is setting up for a cf trade.

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
Hey

I was asked to post a 1 hour trade but it's been a while since I took one, 2 weeks ago I took a 4 hour trade on the EUR, my trade was the 2nd blue arrow, put a stop entry order above the bounce candle and moved stop up as it went, all up took 400 pips profit. The other arrows are just to show a few other entrys.

The 1 hour charts are good you just need more time than I have at the mo to watch

Hope this helps

Bob

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
This little ****** must have missed that i repeatedly said i'm not an expert programmer..not the best way to go into business huh?

People with no logic nor education REALLY GET ON MY NERVES...

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
Hello All,

Below are some 5 min Charts from the EurUsd. The Dates are the 26th and 27th of last week. I took most of the trades in the blue boxes and took about 150 pips profit in those two days.

If you have any specific questions just ask.

God Bless.

Oh, and Bob...great trades. I was looking at the 4hr and hourly lately just out of curiosity and thought of you. Glad to see you took some great profit on that move!

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
This is one I've entered. Stop is above 129.00. No TP, I'll just see how she runs

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Failed spectacularly.Worth a crack though.

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Postrock,

I'm just letting you know your new EA appears to be working correctly. It has taken many trades from many different currencies - with many trades running at the same time - just as it is suppose to.

As I mentioned from my previous post, I've been away from my computer (and had it turned off) since last Thursday. I returned home late yesterday afternoon and set up my computer to try the improved version of your EA. I have 2 demo accounts - Interbank for 1 hr chart trades and FXDD for 5 mn chart trades. Here are my settings for each account:

Interbank

Time Frame: 1 hour
Trading Time: 24 hrs a day
Number of currencies I am trading: 10
Bar: 0 (I do not fully understand how the "Bar" number affects a trade, so I just left it on "0".
MA Trigger: 6 EMA (I am testing the 6 ema as the trigger because it always seems to work better for me than the regular CF ma's)
Stop Loss and Take Profit: 30 SL & 60 TP for 9 out of the 10 currencies (the exception is the gbp/jpy of which I have a 50 SL & 100 TP)
trading direction: Long & Short

FXDD

Time Frame: 5 min.
Trading Time: from London Session open at 3am est to U.S. close at 5pm est
Number of currencies I am trading: 10
Bar: 0 (I have the bar at this number for the reason mentioned above).
MA Trigger: 12 EMA (I decided here to use the most commonly used CF ma trigger)
Stop Loss and Take Profit: 15 SL & 30 TP for 9 out of the 10 currencies (the exception is the gbj/jpy of which I have a 20 SL and 40 TP)
trading direction: Long & Short

Keep in mind that I am only testing these settings. I plan to test different stop losses and take profits, and I plan to test in order to find the best MA trigger. I also plan on testing other aspects of the Cornflower system. Another good thing to test is the "trading direction" setting (the setting is called "positions" on the EA). Right now I have my 2 demo accounts set to take all Long AND Short trades. Actually, I think the smart thing to do is to make the best estimate of the most likely direction the market is going and set the setting for that direction (example, set it "Long" if you think the market is going up for a particular trading day or session).

So far in the 1 day of trading with the new EA, I have had more losses than wins. I haven't exactly calculated the dollar amount result, but it is negative amount for the 5 mn chart account, but positive amount (in profit) for the 1 hr chart account.

But remember, I am totally in testing mode right now, and also it has been only 1 day of testing for me. So don't read too much into those results.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Thank you for keeping us up on the development. Please keep us all informed to the workings and profitability of this EA.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Its fine Iceman, i'm just having fun learning mql4.

Topgun i suggest we stick to the thread you opened in the programming forum. This way i can see your suggestions easier.

You can always follow this thread for ideas and inform them on my EA if you so choose.

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Postrock,

I agree it is better to have another thread for the Cornflower EA. Hartnet had mentioned earlier in this thread about how Lever70 (the originator of the Cornflower system) preferred a separate thread from her thread if an EA was ever made. I suppose I could use the thread in the Programmer section of the forum, but it really makes more sense to use the “Trading Systems” section for the Cornflower EA, because very basically the Cornflower EA is a trading system. Therefore, here is the link to the new thread for the Cornflower EA:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=161303

Everyone please make your posts concerning the new Cornflower EA at this new thread. If you want to be alerted to any posts made on that thread, then be sure to set your options settings to receive email notification of any posts made there.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
Hi iceman, I have been experimenting with the CF on the 5m for some time now but I wanted to know what are your rules for entry? Do you wait for the candle to close or do you just enter when price reaches that zone?

Also, can you let me know how you handle your exits including where you place your stops? Do you take a portion off at a certain point and let the rest run or have a different approach to exits?

thanks and take care.

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
Bad entry, my friend.  The 8 crossed above the 12.  You only enter when the EMAs are in a perfect order.  No exceptions.

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Curious to see how this EA performs.  Kudos to Postrock for developing it.  The earth is not a cold dead place.

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
Cool. Thanks, I should have picked that.I got a bit caught up in the breaking of the low of the bearish candle.

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
Glad to know someone else that is on the 5m charts.

I have my ema's at 16, 24, and 43. Those have worked best for me since late last summer. I wait for them to align/stack in a direction and wait for a pullback to the 24. I will take that position but if I miss it I will take an entry at the 43 if it retraces that far.

I do NOT wait for any candle to close. I enter at the moving average.

My stops are typically at 25 pips. I will place as close as 20 and as far as 30 pips. This is more of a gut thing and by that I mean when I look at the chart does 20 look way to close? Does 30 pips look way too far away from entry? On more volatile days 20 will look so darn close that you know you are going to get bumped. I don't do a stop any bigger than 30 because I usually don't go for much more than that on the profit side.

I take all position off of table at one exit point which is typically 20-30 pips profit. I did trade before where I scaled off to try to catch a bigger move but I realized that there is a double loss and you have to make that back up with twice as much profit. It gets too complicated at that point.

I do like to target pivot points sometimes or significant S/R. Also, I will take a look at the hourly cornflower chart to see if I can target a close, longer term EMA. So, there are times when I do let a position go for much more profit but not that often.

Hope this helps.

God Bless.

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
Just to let everyone know, last week was my first full week of trading using the Cornflower EA (using the new improved EA). I posted my results in the "Cornflower EA" thread. Check it out.

I hope others here will also give the EA a try and that you will post your results. Just be sure to post your results in the "Cornflower EA" thread.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
Anybody get on the Yen?

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
I'm studying the Cornflower system and I must say it gives a good trade. This is definitely a good additional to trader's knowledge. thanks

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
It's nice when this happens!

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
Yes Bob  Here is my ucad trade, letting it run after locking 100pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
Where / with message # or which Forum is this EA located? I would like to try it.

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
I see a sell setup in Daily EURAUD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

its interesting to monitor this set-up.

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Here is the Cornflower EA thread:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=161303

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
Really nice trades, guys.  Exactly how this system was intended to be traded.  Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Hi Lever nice to see you here again.

I just want to ask you on how do you manage your trade if you are aiming for higher pips?. It seems that for 20pips as per the original strategy. a classic cf set-up will hit it almost effortlessly .

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
Trades are around, you just need to let them come to you! This one was early in the LDN session on Thursday.

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
Going by this set up the AUD might be one to watch tonight.

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
But it could always just do this!

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
Just finished reading 121 pages..

After a few good trades using CF, I decided to start reading from start to know more about the system. So far, this is the most profitable and easy system I traded. I'll continue to study and trade Cornflower.

Kudos to Lever ! (and everyone else who contributed)

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
I'm on twitter now.  Will be posting trades and advice with some regularity.

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Is there still anyone using Cornflower in 4H ?

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
Yes I am!, not as many trades but if you are able to hold on to the trade through the trend then many pips can be had

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Wow !

I'm currently focusing in 1H and having a good trades so far. I'm still trying to figure out to perfectly time my trade when the price reaches 24ema. I don't normally take the price in 12 ema since I'm a bit nervous. I have much confidence when taking it in 24. I'm using the 5min chart (5,10,21 ema) when the price reaches my desired level. Hopefully I can master the technique.

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
Pippito,

Sounds like you are well on the right track  The only thing I would say is to remember to let the trade come to you (not always easy to do in a choppy market)

Keep up the good work.... why dont you post some charts?

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Hi,

It's my first time to upload a picture here. I hope I did it the right way.

Last week, I traded with USDJPY.

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
Nice work Pippito keep it up

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
In this strategy for me this indi is very helpful too. See attached

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Hi,

Can you elaborate more on how you use this indicator ?

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
This is one I entered on the close of the previous candle. Stop is above the swing high.

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
Thanks 4 ur indi,

but actually after try attach ur indi to my mt4 (v.225),

my meta always crash. whats wrong ?

will u help me to fix ur indi ?

thx.

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
Judging from your journal, it seems you're doing an excellent job of managing trades.  It just takes patience and experience to know when to take a profit, as opposed to letting it run further.  I still get tripped up sometimes myself.  Letting your profits run is actually harder than cutting a losing trade.  With a loser, you know the trade is over.  But a winning trade can keep producing pips.

When I went about developing Cornflower, my goal was exactly this: how can I get 20 pips with relative ease?  Most of the time, the system will give you those pips if you follow the rules.  Of course, the market may retrace and generally yank your chain before it hits that target, which is why we have to be patient and also not over-leverage ourselves.  Too often we get scared out of trades that are viable because of short-term market gyrations (what I call "spaz").  If we're trading from the 1H, we need to give a trade a few hours to properly develop, and abide by our stop.  And then we move that stop in the direction of our trade if it works out.  Again, it takes some guts to do this.  Only with hard screen time can one get a sense for the mood of the market, and then act accordingly.

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Hi Lever, thanks for this reply.

This reply clears a lot of things to me.

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Hey CURTISP!!!

If you are not a subscribed member, sign in and send me a pm. Green pips to ya!

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
a classic set-up in my opinion, i took sell for 20 pips target with 20 pips stoploss.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

*an update: target hit

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Very nice! Wish I had caught that.

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
hei guys, let us post our cf trades here and maybe, this will lead to further discussion and hopefully this will lead us to a better understanding of the market itself...

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
I will post my next trade.

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
another cf trade as per the original rule

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
Good luck to you on that one. Something about it looks strange to me. Hell, all my charts look strange today.

One thing I did, I know that this is a rule breaker-is put a gann hilo activator on the 4hr chart. I set the lookback to 3. The gann line is buy only above, sell only below. It acts as a filter and can help you weed out some bad trades.

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
hi calderone, i entered this trade on close of the hourly candle going into the last hour of london close. i was at one time 12pips negative, about 8 pips to my stoploss. however now the position has improved to some extent. i wont move my sl or tp, sticking to the original rule. btw, can you post your gann hilo indicator...thanks

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
the problem with echf is that when EU and UC moves, it involves in a tug-of-war thus it stays. but as the saying goes, the trend is your friend and as signifies by cornflower the hourly trend is down. on that count, i am going to switch off now as it is past midnite here in my place. hopefully when i wake up in the morning, EC will go my way otherwise i will be stopped at my stoploss level ...hope the best expect the worse ..

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
I got the gann hilo activator from the auslanco thread here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...00#post1541200

click on the paperclip and then hide the images.

when you edit it-remember to make it visual on 4hr only (so it won't get in the way) also set it to lookback 3

I hope you take profit and I hope this filter helps you select good trades. I learned about it when I did a websearch on cornflower.

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
i wake up to find that echf does not move at all, so i just close the position for just a 2 pips profit ...at least better than a loss

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
It was a horrible trading session. Good for you-I was concerned. My 4hr said it was a no trade.

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
i wish i was looking at ucad at about the time when europe opens. this would have been a great cf set up

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
I missed that huge move-it would have been a great setup for any system! lol

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
a breakout then a pullback to where the EMAs are grouped together. i open a buy when i saw price bounced off that area. lets see where it will go.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
Make sure you lock in profit-low volume on Fridays.

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
its 2:14 AM my place. closed the trade just for 14 pips ..

have a great weekend calderone

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
Hartnet,

I really don't like the CAD! yuck!

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
Lol...but why bob? as long as it brings the green, the pair does not matter, right? anyway, nice to see you again

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
Well they call it the loony for a reason!

But your right Hartnet, if your making pips with it then great!

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
How are you doing lately? Got any good setups?

I'm out of the market for now but will be back in a few hours tonight during asian. I also plan on being up early during uk-pre ny session.

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
News has the GBP consolidating. The yen pairs are up to no good. lol I just saw a 50 pip drop on average. Curious as to what is happening.

I am watching Cad, expect it to go lower. Aud/USD may push to 8300, maybe beyond but there are forces which don't want it higher so that will be an area to watch.

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
Wish I had se a buy order on aud. I'm looking for a pullback. lol

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
hi calderone, i am eyeing GU for this session . looks interesting huh?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
It does indeed. It could start north pretty soon, do you think it will hit the 72? Price action has me a bit puzzled. There was no big reaction from the news earlier.

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
Pardon the ugly chart. I posted key r level in box area-also notice I have it as a fib line.

My entries aren't great but I can see a long to the fib level as being a safe call.

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
It tanked. I could have seen it coming if I had been looking at another chart.

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
Last night I was reading through CF system and in the morning I could not see any viable opportunity to do some test runs.

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
I had a 20 pip trade on eur/usd around 6 am - maybe a little earler. I could have gotten a few more pips but it is ranging right now.

I had a gbp/usd last night for 20 pips-only problem is that it was a demo. lol

Sometimes there are no trades, sometimes you get a runner. I have only been looking for 20 pips or so due to market conditions.

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
After 6am EUR/USD 8EMA and 12EMA almost have overlapping and according to my last read of this system it discourages trade in that market scenario. By the way 20 pips target is good as long we make it steadily.

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
You know, I am sorry I didn't save a screenshot. I think I got in earlier than 6 am est. I opened up my platform around 5:15 am and started checking charts.

It was a horrible market today. lol It does happen. 20 pips is nice but if I can get a strong candle-I will gladly hold it out if markets permit. However, it does seem that you can get 20 pips or so fairly easy. Just be aware of s&r.

Good luck. I am done for today, may check after 9 pm est (asian session)

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
I like the post of Lever70, where he warns "Flattening EMA's are never a good sign", by looking at Friday's movement of the market, many people might have saved themselves by following his commandments.

There is one thing I noticed in CF that you dont get many trading opprotunities in 1H. Lever70, I would appreciate if you can tell me wht to look for if I'm interested in making more trades using 1H CF.

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
Cyrusjohn,

Read then reread the first ten pages. Everything you need to know to be very successful is there. Do Not bend the rules. Demo on any pair and you will see it works. Patience: The mental discipline to intervene on my impulse to react.

Regards,

Art

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
Art -

Thanks for the advice. I will do that. So you are suggesting to stick to 1HR chart and not to look for short cuts.

Cyrus

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
Just to clear up a misconception a lot of people have, Lever70 is actually a SHE and not a HE.

Topgun

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
Cyrus - I just know that when I don't follow the rules, espically in a proven system, I pay and pay.

Trade well and have a great day,

Art

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
Art -

Cheaau!!! got done reading first 10 pages, you are right it does give answers to many questions a person has about CF. Thanks for the advice.

Cyrus

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
It's kina confusing when you look at a guy's picture who is counting money and next to it says Lever70. Going forward Lever70 (Felicia) will be addressed as SHE ...

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
Well, maybe that's just her dream - or her husband - or alter ego or ?

I have often thought of using a hot chick for the picture - bit of a laugh !

But she ain't no dummy, I do know that.

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
Just wondering haven't seen any post from Felicia for quite sometime now. I think we need some activity from the owner of this thread. Is anybody following her on twitter?

Cyrus

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
Can anybody show me the link to download the ea of cornflower latest version, please?

I got version 2, but unfortunately when I unzip it, its contents is blank.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
And probably the link to download the source code of this ea? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
I manually set up the EMA's indicators, and suggest you to do the same. Its easy..

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
I entered a short at the top of the hour. Downward flow, and this area has been tested before. Hoping for it to break this time. My stop is at 154.20. Not too keen on the time of day and also news in half an hour so I'll monitor it closely.

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
I entered e/j and G/U at the same time as G/Y. Stop to BE now on G/Y and 50 pips off the table.Stop to BE on all. G/U not a runner.35 pips taken on E/J. I entered E/J on 5 minute Cornflower.

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Well, I just completed an exhausting move from Chicago to LA.  Finally starting to settle in here. But I've had no time to follow the market of late.  I hope to have more time going forward.

That said, I don't post much to the thread anymore because after nearly 2 1/2 years I've more or less said all that I can say about this system.  I still use it myself, and I'm glad this thread is still active.  The system still works, provided you follow the rules and don't start adding unnecessary indicators (which I've found mostly useless).

The only thing about this system that could be hammered out in more precise detail is when to take profit and/or loss, but I've found that there are no hard and fast rules that can be hammered out as with the entry.  Cornflower can be used to either set up a scalp trade or a mid-term swing trade, and I pretty much left it up to you guys to discern what works best for you.  I can assure you that there's no "secret" I've omitted.  I more or less use Cornflower to gauge trend, and then move to the 5-min to enter.  I've always been more of a scalp-type trader at heart, only because I don't like sitting around and waiting.  If I have a profit I like to take it sooner rather than later, though on occasion I do the swing trade for 50+.

Don't force your trades.  Wait for a proper setup, and when it's there, take the trade.

Cheers,

Lever

ps - I get these PMs from time to time asking me answer questions on Skype.  Sorry y'all, but I have no time for private tutoring, and much prefer my anonymity in cyberspace.

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
Level70,

Great to see you are still surviving in forex. Good luck in L.A. from your also cyber anonymous friends in Portugal... hint hint

Cheers!!

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Nice post spartfx. You are very selective eh.

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Ok well I don't want to miss out posting  Is this going to work out?

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
Good setups going into Euro open on GBP and EUR, here is the nice 24 bounce on EUR/JPY

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
Hi Felicia, hope you have a great time in CA.  I would like to thank you for all the time and effort.   Your thread, along with giving us a fish, has taught us how to fish.  It really is a simple and elegant approach you have.

I can relate to tutoring - it takes a lot of time.  I’m sure that the answers to any questions that may be asked have already been answered in the thread.  Everything one needs to know is in the first 10 pages.

I will be looking for your words and those of the other contributors.

Art

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
Hi Felicia,

I hope you can help me with a question from the early pages of the thread re the timing of entries via the 5 minute/15 minute chart please?

I follow the set up on the 1 hour and the move onto a lower timeframe when a bounce off an EMA looks to be "on the cards"- there seems to be a reference to a number of possibilities re precise timing of entries in terms of not using a lower timeframe at all particularly for a longer term move/ using a 15 minute set up with a MA cross of an 8/24 MA or using a 5 minute chart and bounces from moving averages similar to Phillip Nell's 5 minute strategy.

It is a credit to your strategy that some years after it was originally posted it still gets interest and is still followed unlike many others that are confined to the FF vaults!

I am also conscious(as we all are) that over the last year or so there have been some very challenging markets and I wonder whether you can help me by pointing me in the direction of the entry rules that you are currently using, in other words is it the 5 minute/15 minute chart or are you simply using the 1 hour and making a judgement call on the basis of it?

Hope you can help

Kind regards

Mark

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
Hard to tell if this bounce will work out, 24 is on the right side ... just.

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
This is my first post on FF. Many thanks for Felicia and all contributors! You guys have created such a wonderful system.

I'm foretesting it in the demo account... it's greate till now!

Well, I got the entry of EJ too...

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
I don't use that 15-minute entry I briefly spoke about early in the thread.  It was a brief experiment that I discarded.  I just use the hourly Cornflower setups in conjunction with the 5-minute, and I do this more or less as I did 2 1/2 years ago.  The only thing I don't really use much anymore is the Bollinger bands on the 5-minute, only because it's another thing to look at and I don't really like distractions.  If anything, my trading has become simpler.  I just look for pullbacks and I watch the character of the price action.

Folks, don't fret over the market.  Yes, the market has been challenging over the past year, perhaps more than usual.  But the market challenges us year after year anyway.  It's going to do what it's going to do.  All we need to do is follow the movement of price, and this is what Cornflower does.

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
Hi Bob, thanks for your continuing efforts to keep this thread alive.  I appreciate the charts you post on a regular basis.

Your question points to something I long ago lost interest in, namely predicting what the market is going to do.  No one knows.  All I care about is making a judgment call on what it is likely to do in the very near future, and by that, I mean in the next hour to few hours.  Sometimes we are lucky to happen upon a move that lasts for days or even weeks, but the only way to get lucky in this way is to skillfully observe what is happening right now.

If price is acting funky and I'm down a few pips, I get out.  If I'm up a few pips and it looks as if it's going to keep going, I stay in.  If it stalls, I get out.  Pretty simple stuff.  I don't do the longer-term trades often, only because I don't have the personality for it.  Also, I have other interests besides trading and I like to pursue them.  I simply don't want to have to worry about what that silly Euro is doing every minute of the day.

So.  How do I know what it "looks" like it's going to do?  From my experience of watching the market.  I've been trading forex for several years now (with some long breaks from time to time).  Watching price action is an art that takes lots of screen time to hone.  I've spent countless hours in the dead of night watching the ways in which price moves, and I've developed a feel for different kinds of market conditions.  Unfortunately, I've never been able to systematize this in a way that I can explain here.  It's something that each trader has to learn for him or herself.   Sometimes this feel leaves me for a time, much in the way athletes find themselves in a slump.  I just have to trade my way out of it.   But there is no contradiction between having trading rules and having a feel for price action.

I hope this post makes sense...

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Hey Felicia

Yeah of couse it makes sense, I just think Cornflower i a great tool so people should know about it. I try to post charts that are current because its always easy after the fact to say "see I should have got in here". I also dont want people jumping into a trade because I post a chart.... so I make the post sound like a question .

I can go weeks sometimes without a valid Cornflower entry and I think this gets to people because they want to turn charts on and make money, the only thing I would like to add to what you said is let the market come to you.. when you see a good trade take it and with the hours of screen time Lever is talking about you will learn what those good setups look and feel like.

By the way pips to be had just before midnight GMT on Eur and Eur/Jpy.

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
Beautiful entry there Bob.

I've just taken this break of the pin bar on E/J.

Bailed on this one at minus 10 pips

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
This a current EUR/JPY 1h chart, it has made a nice 24 bounce but one thing to think about is how the lower EMA's are pointing back up. It can be hard to get a 24 bounce that does not do this but the good ones run up quick, bounce and turn the other way.

So there are 2 options:

Wait for the candle to close and see if it looks the goods or turn to lower timefame and look for reason to enter off it.

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Gotta be careful near NFP, it can change the market picture very quickly. This is why I said a long time ago not to take Cornflower entries the day before NFP. And the prices on the crosses are constructed from literally crossing USD pairs, so don't think they're immune to US news. (In this case, EURJPY = EURUSD * USDJPY.)

How's everyone doing?

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
i hope i'm not late to join this thread,

i want to learn this trading system, it;s looking so nice system & profitable,

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
Hello

I have been using this a bit in my 5 min trading and I just posted this on a differnt thread because people were asking about exits

1st chart shows a good 24 bounce entry on the Cable.

The 2nd chart is something I have been trying, two 12 EMAs set to high and low when a candle closes across the bottom (or if price is just stuck in the middle) then I close and take the pips (see 2nd circle) also the first circle at the trade entry is to show how long price was stuck in the middle and just moved sideways.. all the same it was a good place to enter.

Might help people who need help staying in a trend.

Bob

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
The system is very simple and good, will demo trade it right away, can the system be used on pairs like NZDJPY, GBPAUD, and AUDJPY. Thanks for your contribution.

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
Hey Ollynick,

Yes this system can be used on any pair, so long as you can find a trend Cornflower can help you trade it. I Myself just stick pretty much to the majors ... good luck and post your trades here in the tread.

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
Have taken 2 positions using Levers system..on hr charts..EU/UD..L at 1.5034.. and UDCAD..L at 1.0508..in 20 odd hrs on this one up abt 20+..seems to be clear up trend thou..stops on adn off to bed..see wot the morning brings..

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
Yes it makes an awful lot of sense..I go throu similar stuff my self were i reckon i have got it just rite then i loose it..

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
Well the CAD worked got 152.. BUT lost 56 on the EU/UD....Better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick i spose..actualy got 164 on the CAD so pocketed abt 108..multis off/.. good little earn..

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
watching Dragonb on the hr..cornflower.. mite get my 56 back.. on the verge of.................just wot i see of course..just got 20 out of the cable using 1 min plus corney....using hr ppx plus corney..

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
Long the dragon.. based on crnflowercluster to the hi side...... PPx and candles..based on hr chart..

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Out minus16 .. watching .. dragon and cable....bias at the mo short..

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
Hi Danc,

Why don't you post a chart and show us what you are talking about?

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
Sorry Bob..Dunno HOW.. I see if i can learn..

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
USDCAD.. long again .. pretty clear cornflower..and short..EURGBP..once again quite clear cornflower signal.. also long Cable.. not so clear YET.. fingers crossed.. Sorry BOB i will try learn how.. to post charts for you.....

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
Glad to see your going full steam ahead with flowerpower Danc!

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
EURJPY..Same same am short..want to see a perfect Cornflower Bob.. check the EURCAD..mite take a loss on the UDCAD...

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
I am out..Cable plus 72..Dragon.. plus44..EUGBP..plus28..EURJPY.. minus 17..holding USDCAD oernight..all up 127.. ++all cornflowers..Cable and Dragon appear to be just developing in to full blown.. woerth a look .. but i am tierd offtbed.... eurcad worth watching may start to run again..good fun Hey..

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
2 nice bounces so far on EUR/JPY, might be getting stuck at the whole number at the mo.

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
AUDCAD and USDJPY look well on the 15min.. starting 2 on the hr.. am long with loose stops....

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
AUDCAD.. out plus 46.. USDJPY developing well holding at the mo.. in the money..

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Dan,

How many pairs do you trade? how do you pick the pairs your going to trade that day?

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
Wow this thread still has life. Has been going for a long time. I remember seeing it come to life in its early stages.

Congrats

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
Just closed UDY lost abt 4 ptshr and 15 looking shortish.. will wait see..

Bob..am in Aussie same same as you.. Us IG for my account..but for my charts Meta trader 4 and FXDD....Pretty well look at all they have got.. all Yen crosses.. the UDs the CHfs.. the Cads..just got somthing out of GBP/AD....using /playing with Levers stuff for abt a year now.. on different time frames..yknow consolidation points even number  stuff.. fibo points .. and pivot..straight lines and trend lines.. nothing fancy.. set up there take it and put a stop on.. try to trade with the trend all the time.. Oh and of course candle pattens.. more so than single candles..Just try to get sum points and run away..any how i am tired i am going to bed..

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
Oh forgot to say am long this one 8990.. looks to be coming out of base patten on 4 hr.. cornflower unfolding very nice on 15 min and hr .. and almost on 4 hr.. am up abt 30 points am temped to leave run with loose stop..and go 2 bed..will just wait a little longer..

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
I am out plus 44.... off to bed....Gees this looks good looks like its gunna go on with it..am up abt 120 points in 4 bets....Melbourne Cup tomorrow.. get yre bets on.................................

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
Eurgbp..

Lo0ng 9026.. stop 8991....based on 15 and 1 hr and 4 hr.. 15 and 1 hr cor5ney.. 4 hr raw chart look VERY well....
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
closed it plus abt 10.. looks pretty shty

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
longAUDJPY.. as we speak.. at 83.54.. based on cornflower 1 hr chart.. and also cornflower patten on 4 hr and also raw daily chart..Also long same reason AUDUSD.. have been since last thursday..just dbled my possie at 92.55 my average is 9163.. worth a look as we speak .. its trending.. in my opnpon..

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
EURGBP looks to be a good settup on both 1hr and 4 hr..long 9042.. stop below daily PPx

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
GU..change in sentiment to bullish

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
Entered short on break of pin bar low

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
How it looked on a 5 minute chart. Trendline break with a tight stop.

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
Hi all!

After the beginning of a new trend do you take all the retracements which

are according  to the  rules of Felicia? It seems that after two or  three of

them it's more difficult  to make  consistent profits.

Thank you on advance for your answer.

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
I got in early on a 5 minute break.

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
Yeah i runit all the time on all time frames.. CRACKER..

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
I stumbled across the Cornflower method/system/technique about a week ago, and as a newbie found it fascinating.

Since this thread has been running for years now is there anybody out there that has used it for the last several years?  Is it still holding up for you?

I love the simplicity of it, the exactness of it.  Very easy to grasp.  I don't like the patience it's teaching me - being a newbie I want to trade NOW and be in demo trade NOW - but maybe this is a great part of my learning curve.  Slow and steady.  Don't force it.

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
Hi all,

Does anyone know if there is an indicator that can indicate when the different moving averages in a chart are moving in a strong trend at the same rate and then sends eventually a sound signal?  During these periods  it's very profitable to trade according to the cornflower method. Receiving this kind of presignal would avoid sitting for hours in front of a computer until the emergence of a trend.

Thank you on advance for your answer.

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

sell EJ, lets see if this goona be good.

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Am short this based on hr and 4 hr.. using cornys Ma +200..position taken cause of shape of minor mov avs and slant of 200 and 72,note failure on 72 with pinbar and BIG vol..

Metrolf.. IT WORKS.. Over and over u just have to liik and be patient..

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
Are you still in mate?

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
I already opted out earlier for just few pips. I got scared of the volatility

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
I would have too, even though you would have been OK. Discretion is the better part of valor.

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
Still short ..see were i failed on 72 with a pin again.. with volume..

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Wow and I mean: Wow.

Today was our first day trading Cornflower. We used small lotsizes of 0.4 and we made an amazing 200 pips. Our 'piece de resistance' was Cable, on wich we managed to make 120 pips, while the daily range was a mere 80 pips. We're impressed and that's an understatement. This system makes sense and is so easy to follow. Seriously: If you don't understand the H1 / M5 congsi, you should consider staying away from forex all together.

Thanks Felicia, for your great contribution.

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I trust this will give me 20 pips.

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
Hi lever70, I want to thank you for sharing this system. I find it very simple and easy to understand. I've been trying it on demo for some 3 months and now will try it on my live account.

Again, thanks .

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
Hey guys...

I thought you should know that you can trade this wonderful CornFlower Strategy with a robot I post here....

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=233301

Pls Check it out. It might saves us some laboring work that we will spend in front of our computer in the future....

Help me find the best settings.... Thx

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
Hello

This looks like a cracker of a trade on the EUR/JPY, The whole number right above will keep me out.... the trade may well result in profit but lets not find out the hard way. Always good to use every tool you have... don't just trade blindly!

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
Interesting patten on EUJY 1 hr now,, corney mov avs plus a 200 ema.. plus last week and this week ppx av around 125.. trend line down off top.. and wait for break out..

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
Shes been teasing us for a while now. Breakout imminent.

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
short on break of 72 and 200..on the hr at 125.. went well for me..

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Hello,

Just took this bounce on the Cable, stop was a little closer then I would have liked but took 30 pips all the same.

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
EUJY.. on hr looks to be setting its self up for another short..its either a btm or its gonna go..

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
Looks like it was a btm.. am currently long it frm last night..Aussie..

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
Hello

Was feeling a little bit brave today with the bank holidays all over the place.

1st chart shows a trade on the AUD that was a 9 pip loss, really did not feel right as the price action on a lower time frame was soft.

Chart 2 is off a trade on the GBP, better result there with +28 pips, looking like the S1 level may hold so profit may have been set just right.

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Hi Lever70,

Thank you so much for sharing your system. For some reason, I'm able to relax myself when trading with your system. Following your system rules strictly, All my trades till now have been closed with a profit with zero loss (though not all of them were at 20 pips, but many of them 50pips+).

Thank you once again.

Happy trading!

MAK

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
Hi Bob:

Good to see you still posting my friend, I was wondering how Cornflower was treating you.  Are you profitable with it, and is it worth your time?  Look forward to hearing from you and I hope all is well.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
I tried cornflower a while back, had some success, think i might start again and see if i can improve on my last efforts.

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
hi,

i have some problems to indentify the pullback.

give it some indis which i can use for the entry?

thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
...still available ? I think it is a very interesting method of trading but no more posts.

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
I finally figured out the cornflower method, using the 4hr time frame and UP. I want to show you guys using only 25 bucks to turn it into 100k...  This method should only be done with a second  sub account.  Throw away money management, risk reward, and that 2% risk only.  I'm going to show you guys how to do it. It will only take 4 steps.

risk 100 pip stop loss on all trades
entry, at the beginning of the month
tp when the monthly candle close

1st step bet 1k lot or .1 micro lot until total = 150.00
2nd step bet 1.00 pip value until you make=1,500
3rd step bet 10.00 pip value until= 15,000
4th step bet 100 pip value until =100k

so far i only achieved step 2, but it's possible.

I would do my own trading journal, but FF won’t let me yet, but cornflower method, plus fibs, trend line, PA will do the trick... who's with me... it's only 25 bucks we are risking.  When the account blows up, just start over.

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
Mate, I don't want to rain on your parade, but if you start with the attitude that its only $25 you are doomed to keep spending $25. You have to look at it as your LAST $25 bucks and protect the hell out of it.

Also, the Cornflower theory will work on any timeframe, but it works best on the hourly. Thats why the MAV's are set at the value that they are.Keep us informed of your progress. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
This looks like a good CF trade to me. Lets see how it works out.

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
guess what? It didn't work out.

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Hey Jim (or anyone else)

Hope you don't mind me replying to you post 4 months later!

But as to your question am I profitable with flower power? Sort of.... not the most inspiring statement now is it!

The groove I'm really liking is using Cornflower to keep the profit going or even adding to a trade. So not really using MA bounces to enter but cornflower is very much a part of my trading.

Mate hope your well and if your after any help drop me line!

Cheers,

Bob

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
Ahhh....the good ole Cornflower thread.  I see she's still around.

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Hi Bob:

Great to hear from you and I'm glad you're still around. I tried to PM you but it said you weren't available. Could you PM me, I have a couple of questions for you.  Hope you're doing well and look forward to hearing from you and have a great holiday season.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
Hey y'all, nice to see the thread with some life. It's been a difficult year for me personally but I'm doing ok, all things considered.

I've pretty much said all I can say about Cornflower. Twitter is where you'll see me doing most of my updating from here on out...link is in my sig.

If you're still using Cornflower, remember to follow the rules and avoid choppy markets. This system is only suited to trending markets, and no system, this one included, will work at all times. You have to adapt to market conditions and remember that the market is a highly volatile entity. It is constantly in flux and you must be nimble. When conditions change, you must change with it.

Over and out.

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
Hi,lever70

I've been using your Cornflower Hourly System, and I found that while the trend reversal can be loss.This happens because you are using MA.MA late for the trend reversal.You need to add any filters.

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
what sort of results have you had in the past year, on a monthly basis (average). ? using this system ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
Hi lever70,

I learnt abt this system quite some time ago, but never actually implemented it in my trading. Just wondering, what kind of money management are u using? I don't see any stop loss is set in the rules. Mind shedding a couple pointers, perhaps? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
what the hell happened to this thread

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
nicely put

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
Hi Kara,

What do you want to know? There really is nothing much more to talk about with Cornflower, the answers are in the thread. It works, makes money but just not as fast as most people would like. Great for keeping you in a trend and useful as a tool if you want to see if the market is up, down or sideways.

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
where i can find the resume about this system? anyone who have a pdf version to read?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Hi ya Sahtel_fx..

Here you go

Cheers,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
thanks a lot bro ....i like and appreciate your time and efforts.

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
The EMAs apply to? Close?

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
Yes

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
Its been a while between posts so I thought I might throw up a chart of a trade I just took, I don't normally trade this pair but it has set up pretty well, nice bounce and runaway from the 24 along with also having the pivot just above. I was able to move my S/L to B/E pretty quickly so I'm happy to just let the trade run and play out.

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
Hello Bob in a bottle

On this example once you saw price bounce of the 24 how did you get in before it moved away because to see it bounce of the 24 you would obviously have seen it move away from entry. Do you watch for price to bounce off the 24 and then come back so you can get in, how did you do it? Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
Hi Chace

In this trade when I saw price move into the range around the 24 and the pivot I dropped down to the 15min chart, I have placed a yellow arrow above the candle I used for confirmation. I would not go any lower than 15 min myself but I do also use the 30 min and 1 hour to get into trades, whatever gets me in the trades and going in the right direction.

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Bounce on the 24

Edit: Price has run down to the pivot.

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
I see, thanks for that Bob

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
I don't know how to post charts yet but for now if you check Usd/Jpy there is a clear bias up and then we saw a Hammer off the 24ema region at about 13:00-14:00 GMT on the m30 and m15 charts, would anyone have taken this?

Similar situation on Gbp/Jpy

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
Hi Chace,

I don't follow the GBP/JPY so I wont comment on that pair. I have taken a 1 hour chat of the USD/JPY and blacked out all the candles after the hammer in question (I'm no artist ) to give a better picture of what you might have been seeing yesterday.

I think there are lots of things to take into consideration before placing a trade, some of the things I noticed about this set up were:

That the pull back was not clean and standalone meaning that the candles before it where next to it and the hammer was in there shadow of those candles so it was not a true pull back in my opinion. Also the candles before the hammer are "allover" the EMA's

There is a "whole number" not far above and you would be trading into that zone, the market had tested that level twice in the two hours before the hammer setup and had been rejected both times.

I could not see an easy way into this trade using the 15 or 30 min time frames

Just a few of my thoughts.

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
I can't see any good setups right now during the euro open so I thought I might just indulge myself and give a point or two I feel are important to keep in mind when trading.

First thing is that I try not to chase trades I wait for them to come to me. Not always easy to do but the good setups stand out and I want to be trading only these good setups.

Which leads me to the next thing... patience, everyone who's trading needs it and even more so with Cornflower. Trades wont always be there everyday and you sometimes just have to chill out and wait for the market to sort its self out.

Just something to think about.

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
Thanks Bob, makes sense. Definitely should look for clear setups only even if it means 3-5 trades a week at best I think.

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
Chace, I don't know how may pairs you follow but it can be worthwhile looking at some extra pairs. There are two theories about this that are applicable to any type of trading...

1. Trade only 1 pair until you are very good at it, know the pair well, trade the pair well.

2. Trade a system (or even better one type of setup) when there is a setup because you know it so well you will trade it well.

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
Yes I agree Bob, either one of the other. I personally watch 7 pairs so one setup is definitely most suited.

I think with Cornflower on the one had the best trades may be soon after the cross because you are likely getting in at the beginning, however this can obviously result in false direction and on the other hand once there is a clear trend going you are trading with a clear directional bias after seeing it move, but then again it is likely you are getting in at the end. Combining other factors and only taking the clear setups seems to be the best approach which definitely requires patience.

Have you been trading this consistently or is it just casual as I've seen you've been posting on this particular thread for over 4 years!

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
Hi Chace, I don't want to get to self indulgent and give everyone my life story but yes I have been trading Cornflower for a long time. As I talked about above there are times when it seems like nothing is doing and no trades are able to be taken, I do muck around with other ideas to fill in the down time between Cornflower trends. Someone said earlier in the thread that Cornflower is slow at making money and while this could be true I have found because of its simplicity that it performs well over a long period of time. Also I have a philosophy that the process of success is boring... as an example an athlete who wins a gold medal may be excited at the time that they won as they should be, but its the years and years of training, getting up early, eating correctly that nobody sees which lead to the success, its not by chance. In that way success could be considered boring

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
That's useful to know Bob, I guess patience really is a virtue when it comes to trading. The likelyhood of each pullback being successful after the 24-72 cross becomes less and less likely so it is probably best to just trade the first pullback and then any subsequent pullbacks to the emas should only be taken if it is a very obvious potential reversal point or you see a hammer or something.

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
I have been watching the USD/JPY this morning and would like to post 2 charts, the first one is 5 minutes before the close of the candle and the 2nd chart is just after the hour rolled over and a new hot candle is formed. It really show a great example of why I wait for candles to close before placing a trade, the whole picture changed in 5 minutes. I know this maybe a basic of trading buts important to get it right!

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
That's some GOOD stuff u been posting there Bob and bldy rite on the money good advice all of it.. Patience Hey?? so true and one I struggle with all the time..wait for it to come to you and if it doesn't DONT do it.. How True..

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
+1   &  let's not forget patience's twin. "Discipline"

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
Hi Guys,

Been following your thread with great interest, thanks to all here.

Just demo at the moment so lets see how this pans out.

Short on usd chf  @ 0.9297

Best regards,

DT.

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
Great system if the mrket in trend but never use it on ranging markets

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
That's true of most systems ...the great thing about Cornflower is it helps to show the type of market we are in if you are a person who is  having a hard time understanding/seeing where things are at , I have seen a few good ideas about markets stuck in a range and going sideways so its not like there are no other option for those times.

Doubletop, the USD/CHF has just retested the whole number around the 12 EMA so hope it plays out your way

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
Good morning bob_inabottle,

Thanks for taking the time to reply to my post.

Still short @ the moment although I am now expecting this one to fail as the 30 minute ema's are curving up.

Seems the big round number is offering too much support

Take care,

DT.

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
Good morning all,

Just taken this short on aus_usd 30 minute chart.

Reason, reject off the 8 ema so lets see what transpires.

Take care,

DT.

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
Anyone taken USD/JPY at 14:00 GMT? A clear hammer off the 24

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
Evening all,

Well those trades went south

Having another bash @ usdchf this time on 4hr timeframe.

Chart attached...

Take care all,

DT.

PS Hi Chace, thanks for the heads up but not me.

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
Unlucky DT. I've haven't thought about using this on 4H, have you done this on that tf before?

I have an order to go short on E/J at 132.29, almost executed; price is currently at 132.28, hopefully it will be opened.

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
Hi Chace,

No worries, you win some, you lose some.

Thank you for the reply and call on E/J.

I see your trade has now been triggered, good luck with this one too.

May I ask what time frame your using and S/L please?

Honestly speaking I have not traded Cornflower for a very long time therefore bob_inabottle is your better man with reagards to longer time frames.

All I am doing at the moment is practising for future reference.

Best regards,

DT.

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
Thanks DT,

It is the Hourly timeframe and my stop is 28 pips

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
Good afternoon Chace,

Well done with your trade, looks to be working out nicely for you

DT.

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
Thanks DT, however the spread pipped me out during the Asian session which is unfortunate

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
Haha thats very kind of you . What I would say is that Cornflower really works with "The trend is your friend" way of thinking so with that in mind longer time frames are good value too. I don't like trading unless the EMA's are set up and we can see the trend... otherwise whats to say its not just bouncing up and down on the spot?

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
Good morning bob_inabottle,

I just know when to bow to superior experience

Recently I took some time looking at your 4 hour trades and was very impressed, as you say "the trend is your friend"

I have looked at Cornflower before and had good and bad times with it, as per recent trades posted although these all bit me on the rear!

Two more for today so lets see what transpires,

Best regards DT.

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
Some big (scary?) gaps on charts today, the normal way of thinking with a gap is that the market will close it and resume normal trading conditions... so far we are not seeing that at all. just to highlight things I have a chart of the AUS/USD that doubletop has a trade on at the moment. doubletop are you taking your entry once a candle closes then placing a pending order above/below that candle?

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
Thanks for the help and question bob_inabottle.

I am trying to take trades based on the bounce of established ema's, for example the aususd trade I would of liked to of entered on the close of 3 candles back on the hourly chart.

Therefore the ideal entry on my criteria would be @ 0.9333

Cheers,

DT.

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Aususd trade moved to b/e

Also moved Usdjpy b/e

Now both free trades

DT

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
just adding my two cents.new member.i've been trading 7 years at a loss and never trusted a system after blowing yet another account.i've just put on my first cornflower trade and am up.my problem in the past was fitting stops.i'm confident with this system.am on eur/usd to see what happens.i do still have trouble reading bb as on the five minute tf therefore will prob just stick with the straightforward 1h or m30.if your interested i'll try other pairs and let you know.cheers.pikk132

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
yeh GOOD.. be interested to see your charts

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...will be looking for buy set-up as per Cornflower next week.

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

imo, this is a cornflower set-set-up.

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
I like Teb's suggestion of using psar on the 15M TF for entering, it does take some patience as I see an entry on the 1H but not a confirming psar on the 15M. Still testing it. p

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
still as deadly as ever.. picture30 min......

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
ASX 200 1 min chart.. corn flower working well

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
Corn Flower working nicely on DAX.. 1 min..1062

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
Hey danc,

I saw you had posted on Cornflower back in 2010 and now again in 2015. Have you been using it successfully for the last 5 years ? Using the original EMAs on the M1 trades ?

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
Yes i do ..in conjunction with my brand of support and resistance lines and also use her RSI.. 3 with CCIs.. took 25 points out of the ASX 200 this OZ morn using it

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
Great to hear someone has been using this for a long time. Her system was EMAs only, how are you using RSI and CCI in conjunction ? Thanks...

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
It seems like most folks have left this thread after making money from it

I discovered by chance that my system is similar to this

i use the 10/25/72/200 as my EMAs

Larry Burns from TOP DOG trading also has a technique similar to this

" Great Minds think alike" I guess

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
Thank you Lever70.

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
Hi,

Is anyone still trading this system profitably in 2024?

vmd

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
I just read the thread from cover to cover. It is very satisfying to see that the strategy has remained the same. I'll be going live with a smaller account soon.

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
soooooo

how was the journey?

this is a working strategy but you must NOT trade counter-trend. (or alway trade with SL)

if you stay on the wrong side of 4H you get burned hard in this strategy...

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
If you did watch some ICT concepts; most of them use similar EMA to make entries (confirmation)...

I use in futures - NASDAQ

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
this system gives good opportunities at all times

just be aware of the HTF - higher time frame 4H 1D

do not push BIAS to ONE side if the price doesn't go further....

for example - london hour + NY hour = quit at asian...

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
Pretty good I must say. In just a few days I passed three funded challenges. But that was more luck than brains. Later I made some changes to the strategy and added some more confirmations, but the core concept of the original strategy is still there.

By the way, IMHO, 8/12/24/72 EMA's are unnecessarily mystified by the OP. Things work much better with more popular and commonly used numbers like 20, 50, 100, 200. At least that's how it is for me.

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
for example - buy side is clearly dominant...

(also checking this Nova Volume Indicator

Looks promising)

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
sounds cool, which funding firm?

I use my own capital @ CME futures

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
8/12/24/72 are OKAY I think

I also add 50, 100

(check 200 on daily chart only)

I use with 22min / 3min chart - 1 tradingview

10 min / 2 min chart - 1 tradingview

trade on 1 min.... sierra charts for now x2 accounts

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
Yes, NVI. Great indicator. Almost identical to Waddah Attar Explosion, which I like more because it's open source.

It can be applied almost perfectly for Cornflower as a confirmation/entry indicator. Maybe instead of 8 EMA, and on a lower TF (15min if 1H is the basis).

OP liked that we don't change the strategy and don't add indicators so I will respect that and say no more.

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
the5ers

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
fair enough, OP doesn't even follow this thread but this strategy is well-known

he did NOT invent it

this is his thread, so I will also respect & will not post further

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
what TA indicators are you using, also the emas what length and tf

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
can you share your setup indicator in tradingview brother thank you


===== 附件下载链接 =====

5-10.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29908?d=1177788310
cornflower.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29909?d=1177788323
eurusd.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32736?d=1179870283
cf50.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/34396?d=1181191445
cf70.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/34397?d=1181191445
cf100.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/34398?d=1181191449
FX Sniper's MA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35362?d=1181882218
cornflower color.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35363?d=1181882218
Ticket.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35803?d=1182274668
guppy_basic.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/36122?d=1182464610
CLOSED TRADE LIST-we-07-0622-a.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/36250?d=1182542891
CLOSED TRADE LIST-we-07-0622-b.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/36251?d=1182542922
Pipskateer.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/37004?d=1183083129
cornflower.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/37149?d=1183262654
cornflowerEA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/37364?d=1183386229
cornflowerEA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/37419?d=1183445717
cornflowerEA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38782?d=1184428415
cornflowerEA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38783?d=1184428415
MA_ProximitySensor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38987?d=1184597889
MA_ProximitySensor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38988?d=1184597889
#MTF_Fractal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39374?d=1184797243
#MTF_Fractal.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39375?d=1184797255
OSC-MTF_CF_SYS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39979?d=1185196842
OSC-MTF_CF_SYSv1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/40867?d=1185596003
MultiplePivotsV2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/42762?d=1186647283
PivotLineTimezone.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/42842?d=1186671103
MultiplePivotsV2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/43185?d=1186902176
Risk Worksheet.xml: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44152?d=1187346869
Corn Flower 2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/45217?d=1187919665
cornflower.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/45374?d=1187986498
Signal Line.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/45406?d=1188033289
Corn Flower 2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/48333?d=1189389690
cornflower4h.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/49394?d=1189808673
RENKO_2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/49821?d=1190060212
ReportAccountStatementPr-Cornflower.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/66896?d=1195356772
narrative.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/67538?d=1195574900
corn_pix.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/67539?d=1195574929
somepracticeshots1.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/67540?d=1195574996
somepracticeshots2.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/67541?d=1195575021
somepracticeshots3.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/67542?d=1195575040
Market Hours.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/68567?d=1196023838
Market Hours.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/68569?d=1196023838
corn_pix.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/68790?d=1196106264
narrative.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/68791?d=1196106366
somepracticeshots1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/68792?d=1196106366
somepracticeshots2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/68793?d=1196106414
somepracticeshots3.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/68794?d=1196106414
sine_discussion.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/69130?d=1196198840
show_sine.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/69131?d=1196198864
SHOW_SINE_A.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/69132?d=1196198884
somepracticeshots4.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/69133?d=1196198919
sine_discussion.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/69183?d=1196212359
show_sine.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/69184?d=1196212359
SHOW_SINE_A.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/69185?d=1196212406
somepracticeshots4.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/69186?d=1196212406
prism mma.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/87457?d=1203308764
prism mma thin.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/87458?d=1203308764
prism bollinger.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/96237?d=1205887667
prism bollinger white.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/96238?d=1205887667
DeMark Trendline Trader.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/109605?d=1210100064
fibbs 3.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/121476?d=1213398421
fibbs 2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/121477?d=1213398427
Cornflower DRAFT.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/121485?d=1213400227
fibbs 4.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/121480?d=1213399031
CornflowerJULY_8_08.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/128236?d=1215506708
Pivots.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/157785?d=1224058276
Cornflower System Mod.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159836?d=1224585051
BB_MULTI_MA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159837?d=1224585092
KG Weekly StdDev Regression Channel.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159839?d=1224585488
Pin bars-introduction.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160055?d=1224616200
Pin bars-advanced.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160056?d=1224616221
7HabitsTrader.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160058?d=1224616286
shi_channel_colour.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/254125?d=1243889660
Cornflower.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1059714?d=1350454619
