===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hello all – welcome to my new thread!

Strategy Summary

The basic premise of my trading method is to follow the trend as defined by the higher time frames (typically 4 hour and above). It is a very simple method that is essentially made up of four main elements: Support & Resistance Levels Trendlines Fib Retracements Candlestick Patterns & Breakouts This thread is a development of my original Trend Trading Chart Thread that I started in August 2009. Since I started that thread my trading has grown and my strategy has changed slightly. So rather than clutter the old thread with my new ideas I decided to start a new thread and set out my strategy as we go.

If you haven’t ever visited the old thread don’t worry – I will explain everything from the beginning so no need to go back over all the old posts.

If you did follow the old thread please feel free to continue posting there or here – depending on which variation of the method you prefer!

I have called this thread “Advanced Trend Trading” because the entries and trade management are a little more refined than before (not rocket science, I still like to keep it simple!) but the general premise of trend trading remains. I am also going to talk about some counter-trend trades as a compliment to the main strategy.

I’m afraid that nothing here is going to be new or exiting – it’s just a concoction of what I have found to work for me. I am not a professional trader and do not claim to be (although I would perhaps like to be one day!). Anyone who does want to try this method of trading should do so on demo only! I cannot guarantee that anyone will be successful following the way I trade – after all, a great deal of success depends on your own psychological issues. One of the biggest things you will need to get over to become a profitable trader is yourself!

Potential Trade Setups

This thread should be used for educational purposes only. It is not intended to be a signal service.

As this thread has grown, a few of us have decided to start posting possible trade setups. These should not be considered signals to trade and there are no guarantees implied or otherwise herein. The trades are shown for educational reasons, to help illustrate what we are looking at and how we might act once in a trade - should you wish to take a trade you should only do so once you have undertaken your own analysis.

CFTC RISK DISCLOSURE STATEMENT:
NOTICE: "HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS SUBSEQUENTLY ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM.
ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES NOT INVOLVE FINANCIAL RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING. FOR EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL POINTS WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL OR TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.

That being said, let’s begin…

--- 帖子 #2 ---
In order to define the trend we must first zoom out as far as possible. It should be clear which way price is going. If it isn’t then it is probably not worth trading!

In an uptrend, each major swing should make a higher high followed by a retracement making a higher low. In a downtrend, each major swing should make a lower low followed by a retracement making a lower high. I typically do my trend analysis on the daily chart.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Although I will primarily trade the trend on the daily charts I also enter using H4 charts so it is important to know where you are in line with the higher trend.

Let’s say for example, we are trading a 4 hour chart which is showing an uptrend but when we switch to the daily it looks as though our uptrend is simply a retracement in the longer term downtrend. Which way do we trade? We trade the 4 hour uptrend (because that is the timeframe we are looking to trade and is our trading bias) until such time as the long term trend takes over. The best way to illustrate is with a chart.

A pretty clear upward trend on the H4 chart:

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Is actually just a retracement in the longer term (daily) chart:

--- 帖子 #5 ---
This happens often and repeats throughout every time frame in the market. In this case you simply need to be aware that the daily trend could take over and so it is worth plotting the longer term (in this case – daily) trendline too so that you know when/where this might happen.

Now we have a trading bias and we know where we are in relation to higher timeframe trends. Onto the four elements of my trade setup…

--- 帖子 #6 ---
In my opinion horizontal support and resistance levels are the key to the market. These are the levels where the big boys are buying and selling and that should interest us, the retail trader.

Much time has been spent in the past trying to work out the best support/resistance levels to use. Whether they should be based on the highs and lows or on the close or median etc etc.

In my humble opinion the easiest way to identify support and resistance levels is to plot a level and then round it up/down to the nearest round number (i.e. 1.1000, 1.1100, 1.1200 etc). These levels are psychological barriers and tend to hold the most weight when it comes to using support and resistance levels. Levels that have been used as both support and resistance hold the most sway.

I would also note that the bigger the round number, the better. So for example the 1.1000, 1.2000, 1.3000 levels tend to be more important in terms of defining a trend than the smaller round numbers (1.2400, 1.3300 etc).

Here is a random example of how price tends to work with round numbers:

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Ok, so now we know where we are looking to trade (those nice round numbers) we need an idea of where to get in. Trading with the trend is about getting in on a discount and when price retraces I use trendlines and the fib retracement tool to guide me to the best locations.

Contrary to popular belief, trendlines do not have to be drawn from three or more touches. A two touch trendline works fine too. I tend to draw outer trendlines using the extreme highs and lows and occasionally draw inner trendlines when price is moving in-between the outer trendlines.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
I will also use the fib retracement tool (drawn over the most recent swing in the direction of the trend) to guage how far price is retracing before I want to get in. A discount becomes of interest when price has retraced at least 38.2% of the most recent swing but ideally it should reach the 50% level before we have had a sufficient retracement. The only time this is superseded is when a very strong support/resistance level gets in the way or when a trendline gets in the way.

Here’s a closer look at my last chart showing the fib retracement…

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Once we have a trendline or two and a fib retracement in place I will look at the round numbers that fall nearby… these will then become “areas of interest” and a place to look for an entry signal.

In my previous trend trading thread we would enter at one of the levels discussed above, stick on a stop loss anywhere from 100 pips and up and let the market work it out. I have since become a little more conservative with my entries and a little more refined too.

I will now look for a certain candlestick pattern or a breakout to develop at one of our areas of interest. Not just any pattern though, I will typically only use one of the following patterns as I find them to be most reliable: Shooting Stars and Hammers (also known as pin bars), Bullish/Bearish Engulfing Bars and Bullish/Bearish Outside Bars. I suspect that most people will be familiar with these patterns but for those who aren’t I will post some pictures and explanations in my next post.

Breakouts can be easily recognisable in the form of the “inside bar” setup or a trendline breakout. A brief explanation of these setups follows…

--- 帖子 #10 ---
A hammer is a buying signal and should form at a swing low. Ideally the open and close of the bar should be contained within the previous bar (but not necessarily essential).

--- 帖子 #11 ---
A shooting star is a selling signal and should form at a swing high. Ideally the open and close of the bar should be contained within the previous bar (but not necessarily essential).

--- 帖子 #12 ---
A bullish engulfing or outside bar is obviously a buying signal and should form at a swing low. To classify as an engulfing bar the body should completely engulf the body of the previous bar. An outside bar forms similarly but the emphasis is more on the close being higher than the open and close of the previous candle.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
A bearish engulfing or outside bar is obviously a selling signal and should form at a swing high. To classify as an engulfing bar the body should completely engulf the body of the previous bar. An outside bar forms similarly but the emphasis is more on the close being higher than the open and close of the previous candle.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
An inside bar shows price consolidating before a breakout. The inside bar is completely engulfed by the previous bar. At a swing high I will look for a break below the “engulfing” bar and at a swing low I will look for a break above the “engulfing” bar.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
If price is retracing against our main trend but is respecting an opposing trendline as it goes we can use that when the trendline breaks as another way to get into a move.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Ok, that is as much as I've written so far!

I haven't yet touched what is most likely the most important subject of trade management. It's getting late here now and I need to head off for a rest. If anyone is interested in this method of trading please let me know and I will continue tomorrow with trade management. I will also talk about counter-trend trades too.

Hope you all enjoy what I have to offer. Like I said - it's not ground breaking stuff but it works for me and a few others too!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #17 ---
PM'd you once: Got no answer. But will follow with interest.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Hi 4Xfactor,

When did you PM me? I haven't intentionally ignored you - but I don't seem to have received the message! Sorry about that!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Dan well done a great Presentation, I for one will be following along, perhaps tomorrow you could post your present 4hr eu chart with trend lines and fibs, just so I can compare.

Rebel.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Great stuff DAN...and congratulations with another NEW THREAD...!!!!

wish you the best and may you GET the 5 stars asap... it deserves it..

baz

--- 帖子 #21 ---
you say you use the daily and 4 hour chart but the chart you post as example are one hour chart. do you use the one hour also? i like the way you trade thats the way i was taught

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Hi Dan,

As always great work mate.

You explain it all very well, this is totaly the way I want to trade.

Looking forward to folowing you.

CP

--- 帖子 #23 ---
VERY GOOD, INDEED, DANUK!

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Very well explained Dan.

You've done a good job here of explaining a few things that can throw traders who are learning.  The trend within a trend (i.e lower TF retracement of larger TF trend) and trendline within a main set of high and low trendlines are very well cleared up.  Two pretty simple things to get your head around when explained but I see so many new traders on forums who are totally thrown by these aspect of "proper" trading.

I'll enjoy reading this as it develops.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Hi Dan,

Real good and real simple!

Just one question, specially when you are trading on 4hTF, how many bars candlsticks should the chart for analysis have to define the trend? I mean, I feel that depending on zoom in zoom out your perception might change...

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Very clearly explained Dan!  Thank you!  I tend to stick to daily only, and am a follower of Strat's thread and method.  Your approach is similar I think.  I'll be watching this thread with great interest...

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Looking good Dan, nice new thread

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Commander

Trooper No 1 reporting back for duty

Nice thread as well as the blog too.

By the way i know it's over due... Happy belated B'day

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Hi Dan

Mate, great explanations! Looking forward to reading more.

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Looks promising. Keep up the good work Dan.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Dan

Great work. I've been a silent follower of your previous threads and have profited from your knowledge.

This thread has crystallised quite a few loose concepts that have been floating in my head..

Kudos to you mate...

--- 帖子 #32 ---
trooper be on guard, commander court martials for lesser reasons than this!

[quote=Sylar;4010080

By the way i know it's over due... Happy belated B'day [/quote]

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Sir

For those candlestick formations do you wait for the completion of the candlestick before taking a position?

As a trend trader most of the time you will be on the sideline awaiting for the trend to develop during the consolidation phrase... Would you utilised the same trading strategies i.e. RN, S&R, candlestick formations etc to trade these consolidating phrase?

Reason for asking is an accomplished trader (in my view you are an accomplished trader) will be proficient to feel the market pulse and trade it accordingly (trending or consolidating)

Eagerly awaiting your lessons on trade management

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Sergeant CS

Please be lenient on me

Let's focus our energy & resources in making this thread a 5 stars success!!!

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Wheeeewwww .... I PM'd you several months ago requesting information about a document you said you were going to write outlining an earlier system. Probably got lost in the noise.

Nice to know you're not ignoring me: Come here you!

Get's lonely sometimes out here in cyberspace.

Good luck with this new thread, I will follow with interest and look forward to your generous and informative insights.

Kind regards,

--- 帖子 #36 ---
hi dan

looks good

john

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Hi DanUK,

I wonder if you have ever read the book called "Candlestick charting explained" (one of top 50 trading books I think), there are sample pages on google. The book have done large scale statistics on the success rate of the reversal candlestick patterns, which is not very encouraging. If you have time, please read and comment the thread below.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=252472

cheers,

kk007

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Hi Rebel,

Thank you for the compliment and active participation! Please find attached two charts of the EUR/USD - the first chart looks pretty similar to yours, with the fib drawn across the most recent swing down but I have also attached a second chart that shows the fib drawn across the most recent swing up - the reason being that I will pay attention to this fib too until another swing manages to move beyond it (currently price is still retracing within the last up swing).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Thank you baz!

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Great thread dance commander

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Hi mc nish,

Thank you for your question. I rarely watch 1 hour charts - but it does happen occasionally. I will however only do my trend analysis on 4 hour charts and above.

I would recommend thought that people only watch 4 hours and above as signals are much more reliable on higher timeframes. The only reason I posted the 1 hour chart was to show clearly how price moves between round numbers!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Thank you CP - I look forward to more of your posts here!

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Thank you tradpat! I see you have a thread about candlestick trading too... I will have to stop in and check it out!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Thank you Trotty!

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Hi laranja,

Thank you! Yes you are right - in order to understand the trend it is best to zoom out as far as you can to get the "big picture". Also, if you are looking at a 4 hour chart I would move up to daily and analyse where we are in relation to the daily trend too.

Once you know were you are you can zoom in a bit so that you can see how price is moving - as I mentioned before there are often trends within a trend and it is important to understand both the big picture and the current trend!

Hope that makes some sense!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Hi Gododdin,

Thank you! I too prefer to watch the daily charts (although I do trade H4 as well) as the trend is much more easily definable and reliable.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Thanks bez! Hope you will be joining in too!

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Thanks Trooper! We'll skip the court martial this time!

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Lol! Good post - made me laugh!

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Hi Sylar,

Thanks for the compliment! Yes I do still trade when price is consolidating but I tend to stick with the trend side of it unless I get a particularly good counter-trend signal (which I will come to later on).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Lol! Sorry I missed that! I do remember talking about creating a document to summarise my trading - hopefully this thread should do that though!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hi guys,

I'm cluttering the thread a little with all my replies so I would just like to thank everyone else (Ezzy, Tenapenny, Daxness, desperate and Sim) for wishing me/the thread well! I look forward and welcome everyone getting involved in the future!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Hi Dan,

Thanks for starting new thread,very clear explaination and easy to understand.Looking forward to learning more from you.Thanks

Bhupinder

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hello kk007,

Thank you for the link and great question! I must admit I haven't read the book but I have just had a look at your thread and I must admit I'm not entirely surprised!

I imagine that the statistics are based on trading any candlestick pattern (regardless of where they form) and if that is true I would tend to agree.

However, from my own personal experience I have found that when taken at high probability locations, candlestick patterns are much more effective. That is why I use them in conjunction with my original trend trading method (at trendlines, support/resistance levels etc) in order to increase the likelihood of the setup working out. I do not have any statistics to back up this claim - it is just from my own experience.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #55 ---
That's gr8, Dan! You just confirmed my thought!

I can't wait to read and learn from you/your posting!

Your unselfishness and willingness to share have no doubt won many of aspiring traders!

Thank you very much.

p.s. I am all ears listening...

Warmest Regards

Lee

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Hey Dan...

Welcome back...looking forward to your thread.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Just wanted to post a quick chart of a setup that happened on NZD/USD earlier today; a nice little hammer that formed at the 0.7200 level (trendline and 50% level). Just as a quick example and to prove that I didn't cherry pick my earlier charts - these setups happen very often and they offer a high probability of success.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Hi Dan,

Thanks for your input. I have quite similar opinion as you. It is like what J16 thread always talks about when using pinbars: Location, Location, Location. Glad that people share the same view.

cheers,

kk007

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Systems like these are the best, because they are simple and still very effective.. the best indi for becoming profitable are trendlines and res/sup

keep it coming - subscribed.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
yes noticed this but happened when i was in dreamland.

in such set ups, how do you enteR? is it break of the pa candle by X pips, or is it open of new candle?

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Lucky you!! I don't seem to be getting enough sleep these days!

I wait for the break of the candle - normally by 5 to 10 pips.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Hi guys,

Sorry I know I said I would go into trade management in full detail but I've had a bit of a hectic evening and haven't quite got the time to do it now.

I will do it tomorrow though!

Just as a little spoiler though, this is the sort of thing I aim for: the break of this inside bar (using a stop loss of 80 pips) netted a return of 1950 pips (thats a risk to reward ratio of about 1:24) - happy days! Of course not all trades return this kind of money but I will explain fully tomorrow what I try to do!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Hi Dan,

this thread has started in a very elaborate manner. Congratulation for this new great thread. At the opening it is soo much info that I will need a bit of time to read it.

Take care

Zol

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Commander

Maybe the  next project would be to write a book on Forex Trend Trading

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Interesting will be following closely

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Hi,

How often do we see such setups?

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Hi jaddy,

Do you mean how often do you get good entries or how often do you get entries that yield such high profits?

There are at least a couple of good setups that present themselves every day (depending on how many pairs you watch). However, and this is the part that most will fail on, only a small percentage of trades will yield large profits. I have found that many trades close out at breakeven or for a small loss (more breakeven than anything else).

This really leads on to trade management, so if you will allow me a moment or two I will prepare a simple explanation of my trade management plan.

Back in a mo!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Before I begin I must remind you that trend trading strategies tend to have a lower number of profitable trades and a higher number of breakeven or losing trades however if you manage to overcome the temptation to close your trades too quickly you will find that the profits outweigh the losses by far!

It's the make or break subject.

This is the hardest part of the strategy.

Entries are really quite easy… having the patience to wait for the right setup is harder but even harder still is having the patience to allow a trade to play out. Do you have the patience to allow a trade to run for six months… or maybe even longer if you’re really lucky? What if holding your position(s) for that long meant you had a return of 6000 pips. And what if those entries had an average stop loss of 100 pips… at 2% risk per trade that’s a gross return of 120% and a net of not much less? Do you think that kind of potential would give you the patience required to allow a trade to last for half a year?

If it does then I can almost guarantee you great success with this method (although I can’t guarantee it in reality because every trader must face their own responsibilities and demons).

If it doesn’t then never fear as you should still be able to take a good chunk out of the market, but you might just be limiting your potential. Holding on to a trade is a real tough thing to do (as far as trading goes). But if you can hold onto the right ones then you are going to be able to make some serious returns.

I’m not offering anyone the holy grail here… if you choose to follow what I do you will still face serious challenges and it will be a long hard road but it is a journey that I believe is worth it.

So what is the secret to my trade management?

It’s really quite simple.

- Let go -

That’s it. All you have to do is let go of your trades, sit back and let the market work for you. We are trend trading after all and the market is trending for a reason… all we have to do is find high probability opportunities to get in on the move and ride it out as far as we can.

Of course in reality, it’s not that simple. But that is the basic premise behind my trade management.

First thing of course I have to identify a high probability setup that will get me in the market in the direction of the trend. Once I have found my ideal entry signal (as outlined in my earlier posts) then it is time to get in the market. I enter and allow the market to work. If I get stopped out that is fine – it happens and assuming I use a conservative risk percentage I will be around long enough to get in again. If however the market moves in my direction I will look to move my stop to breakeven at the first area that the market is likely to stop me. This is one of the harder aspects of the strategy and one I will come back to again with more detailed examples.

Once I have my stop at breakeven I will leave the trade, let go and move on to my next position. I want to give the market enough time to let my position grow. If it doesn’t then I will get stopped out at breakeven… that is fine; there will plenty more opportunities.

Not until I consider the trend to be changing will I close my trades. That may sound a little daunting at first but it is actually much easier than it may sound. And even if I am wrong and the trend continues then so long as I closed out for a good profit I will be fine! And I will get back in on the trend.

I hope that gives a good insight into how I see things. Trends tend to last for months in the forex market and I want to allow my trades the breathing space to catch as much of it as I can.

To me this sort of trade management has become second nature but I’m sure there will be questions so please feel free to ask about anything I haven’t been clear about and I will be happy to try and explain in greater detail!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Nice one Dan, I'll be following with interest.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Hi Dan - thanks for all your hard work here!

To make sure I've understood you correctly so far I hope you don't mind if I attempt a summary? For the sake of this post let's assume we're trading daily candles.

1. First of all you identify a trend on the daily by zooming out as far as possible.  Let's assume you've got an uptrend for an imaginary case.

2. We've already identified our support and resistance levels and rounded down/up to round numbers as you suggest.

3. So now we're waiting for price to approach our (e.g.) resistance level.

4. At that level it's highly likely that price will retrace downwards, at least for a while and this is our opportunity for a 'discount'.  So we measure the retracement using fib levels (still on the daily I think) and draw in an 'inner' trend line.

5. Now we're waiting for that inner trend line to be broken as price re-asserts itself in the direction of the daily trend - this might happen at a lower support level that we've already marked, or perhaps at a fib level of the previous up move.  In any case we're also watching round numbers.

6.  The up trend line is broken and (e.g.) a bullish engulfing bar forms.  This is our signal to trade.  We place a buy order (e.g.) 10 pips above the engulfing bar.  You haven't mentioned stop losses yet, but lets say for the sake of argument that we place our SL 10 pips below the BEB.

7. My approach would then be to choose a % of my equity and divide that by the distance between the entry and SL to give me my per pip risk.

Questions:

1. If trading daily do you drop down to 4 hour to refine your entry?  Likewise if you are trading 4 hour (which I don't) do you drop down to 1 hour to refine your entry?  I'm not sure I see the value of doing this with such a long term strategy.  It's probably more important at this stage to give the trade enough room to breathe so that we don't get stopped out by 'noise'.

2.  If the trend continues in your favour do you add to the position on the next retracement or do you just let the original trade play out?

3.  I guess you may be coming to this, but at what point do you move your stop to BE?

4.  How many pairs do you trade?  I find that trading daily it gives me time to look at quite a few pairs (I have 12).  I couldn't hope to do that trading hourly.

5.  Trading daily, do you move up to the weekly to confirm the trend, or rely on zooming out as far as possible on the daily?

6.  With such long term trades, I presume you have quite a few trades going at any one time?

7. I'm a bit hazy about where the inside bar breakout entry fits into the above method - can you clarify?

Thanks again and sorry for this long post, I just wanted to be certain I'm with you so far!  Hopefully it may help others too...

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Hi gododdin,

Thanks for your questions... I have put my responses in blue below and hopefully it should help to clear things up a little more:

1. First of all you identify a trend on the daily by zooming out as far as possible. Let's assume you've got an uptrend for an imaginary case. Ok.

2. We've already identified our support and resistance levels and rounded down/up to round numbers as you suggest. Ok.

3. So now we're waiting for price to approach our (e.g.) resistance level. See note below.

4. At that level it's highly likely that price will retrace downwards, at least for a while and this is our opportunity for a 'discount'. So we measure the retracement using fib levels (still on the daily I think) and draw in an 'inner' trend line. Price doesn’t necessarily have to hit this before we look for a retracement. I will look for a retracement any time price has made a new swing high and then starts moving back down (assuming we are trading an uptrend). Also, an inner trendline isn’t absolutely essential – I only draw if it price is clearly respecting an inner trendline whilst it is retracing.

5. Now we're waiting for that inner trend line to be broken as price re-asserts itself in the direction of the daily trend - this might happen at a lower support level that we've already marked, or perhaps at a fib level of the previous up move. In any case we're also watching round numbers. Yes this is one entry method. Again, it doesn’t have to happen like this – if for example a hammer forms or another reliable candlestick pattern occurs at one of our “areas of interest” before the inner trendline has broken I will take this as a signal to trade.

6. The up trend line is broken and (e.g.) a bullish engulfing bar forms. This is our signal to trade. We place a buy order (e.g.) 10 pips above the engulfing bar. You haven't mentioned stop losses yet, but lets say for the sake of argument that we place our SL 10 pips below the BEB. Yes (also see note above!).

7. My approach would then be to choose a % of my equity and divide that by the distance between the entry and SL to give me my per pip risk. Agreed.

Questions:

1. If trading daily do you drop down to 4 hour to refine your entry? Likewise if you are trading 4 hour (which I don't) do you drop down to 1 hour to refine your entry? I'm not sure I see the value of doing this with such a long term strategy. It's probably more important at this stage to give the trade enough room to breathe so that we don't get stopped out by 'noise'. Although I do my trend analysis on the daily timeframe I actually trade both daily and 4 hourly (I wouldn’t drop down to 1 hourly using this method as the signals would not be reliable enough for an extended move). Basically what this means is that when price is trending (let’s keep with our uptrend) on the daily and the 4 hourly I will look at both timeframes for an entry signal… if I get it on the 4 hourly I will trade it or if it is on the daily I will trade it; I’m basically just giving myself a few extra chances at getting in on the trade.
If the H4 charts were moving counter-trend (and respecting an inner trendline when compared to the daily) it would be possible to trade counter-trend on the H4 charts until the daily trend takes back over – let’s keep away from this for the time being though as I will go into counter-trend trading slightly later on.

2. If the trend continues in your favour do you add to the position on the next retracement or do you just let the original trade play out? I will add to the trade; so long as my earlier positions are in profit or at least at breakeven.

3. I guess you may be coming to this, but at what point do you move your stop to BE? This is a tricky one and I will explain it in greater detail in a separate post; only because I will post charts too to make things clearer.

4. How many pairs do you trade? I find that trading daily it gives me time to look at quite a few pairs (I have 12). I couldn't hope to do that trading hourly. I watch about 25 pairs; but I don’t trade them all at the same time. Opportunities will arise at different times so although I watch quite a few pairs I only trade the setups that I see and the setups that I feel are the best looking (i.e. good location, confluence of support/resistance factors, good entry setup etc). I too couldn’t watch all these for hourly setups and for people new to trading I would limit the number to about 5 to 10 pairs until familiar with the strategy. This does mean patience becomes a factor because there is more waiting around for a good setup but patience pays dividends. Watching daily and H4 setups though I can manage – and for those who can’t watch H4, daily will be fine (it will mean less trades and slightly bigger stops but it will also mean less failed trades and better entry signals as daily signals tend to be more reliable).

5. Trading daily, do you move up to the weekly to confirm the trend, or rely on zooming out as far as possible on the daily? Not really. I do use the weekly charts to gauge what I consider to be “key” support and resistance levels – these are the major areas that define trends (I will expand on this in future if anyone wants me to).

6. With such long term trades, I presume you have quite a few trades going at any one time? Yes I will often have quite a few trades running and if we get a good trend running they will remain open for quite some time. I keep an A4 journal at my desk with a record of each entry for each pair so that I can easily monitor there progress without having to scroll through my broker history (which is a pain because it records to many things, like stop loss changes and trades that are cancelled etc).

7. I'm a bit hazy about where the inside bar breakout entry fits into the above method - can you clarify? Just the same as any other candlestick pattern setup… I shall post a chart below of the (H4) USD/CHF in June this year. This was an inside bar setup that I took (although it closed at breakeven… I had to get in again slightly lower) it formed at the 1.1500 S/R level, hit the 50% retracement level and trendline. It’s highlighted in blue and you will see that a sell below this would have been a valid entry back into the trend.

Thanks again and sorry for this long post, I just wanted to be certain I'm with you so far! Hopefully it may help others too...[/quote] That’s quite alright. I welcome questions – this thread is designed to help and if things aren’t clear I have no problem discussing them.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Great response!  Many thanks Dan - that's clarified a lot.  I shall be following closely as the thread unfolds...

--- 帖子 #73 ---
DanUK, nice explantion of your ideas and trading style.

But what happens when something happens while you are asleep ? Since you are working on daily and 4hr time frame?

--- 帖子 #74 ---
No problem mate!

One other thing... I didn't really read your question about the weekly charts properly: I do look at weeklies. As I mentioned, I look at them for support and resistance but I do also look at them for guidance and analysis. Although I don't trade off of them so to speak! Hope that makes sense!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Hi cspip,

Well if it's an H4 move that happens whilst I am asleep I miss it. I do have the fortune of being in the UK so I am available to monitor both London and New York sessions whilst I only really miss Asia - I have found that in general most big moves happen in London or New York sessions.

If I see a daily bar forming that I want to trade I will stay up until the bar closes it... place my order (and alerts if necessary) and head off to bed!

But generally speaking if I miss a setup it's no big deal... there will be plenty more around the corner!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Thanks also to bhupinder, ozziedave, face, okehiedon and aus1way for your interest and kind words!

--- 帖子 #77 ---
hi Dan

Been reading your thread -long term trend trading makes a lot of sense from reward risk ratio perspective
Do you have a ranking even if it is just mental of some set ups that work better or more consistent than others.

thanks

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Hi Dan,

I am having trouble finding tradeable trending pairs on the long term charts at the moment, usdjpy has been trending nicely but has now hit some possible S&R so not really tradable i don't think.

Well i am away next week so hopefully a trend has started to form when i return.

Good trading all

--- 帖子 #79 ---
audusd, nzdusd, euraud, eurnzd, audcad in particular, usdsgd. all awaiting suitable retracements.

(high spread),

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Great thread you have going here Dan! Keeping things nice & simple which is very refreshing

Kind Regards

Steve

--- 帖子 #81 ---
I was just re-reading the thread from page 1 and it struck me that one of the great advantages with this method is having fewer and longer trades.

If on the other hand you are trading hourly or less and taking, say 5 trades a day and risking 2% per trade, that's five times in one day you could potentially be stopped out and therefore you might lose 10% of your equity in one day!  And whilst you might be successful 5 times, the R/R ratio is never going to be that great compared to the longer term trades if they are left to run.  It's also much more stressful.

We know that setups are more reliable on the longer time frames too.

I trade daily candles, but I think where I've been going wrong is not 'letting go' and therefore closing trades too early - I've been averaging about 10 days before closing a trade.  I always think of closing at the first little retracement because I'm afraid of losing profit.  This is a demon I need to overcome.

It may not be 'exciting' trading but that's not my reason for doing it - if I want excitement I go climb a cliff or take my kayak out on the ocean.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Dan: Thanks for the thread. I am looking for a home. Will hang out here for sometime, if you don't mind :-)

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Hi Dan,

Nice concept

I sometimes use trendlines in my trading - nice, simple and logical

The trendlines more or less harness the price action by "fencing it in"

When the fence is broken, price can go more or less anywhere.

My problem is that I tend to use the shorter term trendlines i.e. the lines within your outer trendlines.

I must try to force myself to try trading your outer trendlines!!, but I would think that trading the inner trendlines would be more profitable? i.e. we would be out of the trade during each retracement and back in again when the trend reasserts itself (our money would be working more efficiently)

As the shorter timeframe price action is the building blocks of the higher timeframe - it may be worth considering transferring our trade management to the higher timeframe - once the trend is established there?

Trendline trading appears so simple, I think our main problem is finding a way to use it that we are comfortable with - otherwise we will not be able to follow our rules

Great thread Dan, you have another student

Peter

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Fantastic thread. I will follow and learn from you.

Could you please 'talk us thru' some of your past trades and the way you manage those trades. If it is not too much trouble include charts - this would be a great learning experience.

Would also really appreciate your detailed thoughts on "when to exit".

What are the tell tale signs you look out for to anticipate a trend change.

Thank you and Cheers

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hi sako,

Many people think the markets are random but they aren't. There is always a reason why price trends in a particular direction and that reason is always "fundamental" and although it may not always seem logical there is always an explanation behind it. This gives us an edge over punting in any direction and provides a solid reason for entering the market. And as you inferred, forex trends tend to run for a while so the R:R can be excellent.

With regards to setups I prefer the candlestick patterns I mentioned (shooting stars, hammers, engulfing patterns and inside bars) to get me into a trade. However, more important that the trigger is the location. The location of the setup is the most important aspect of the entry. The trigger (candlestick pattern) is more of a confirmation that we got the location right.

Confluence of factors is also important in this - a good support/resistance level that lines up with a trendline and a fib level is a good sign!

Later this week, once I've got all of the method out I will start going into greater detail of past trades and then once everything is clear we can start posting some charts and discussions about live trades/potential trade setups.

Hope that helps!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Hi bez3000,

I would say there are still some good trends out there... probably the fact that we've just been through a typically slow summer might make the charts look like they have stopped moving and this could be clouding your judgment a bit. With that in mind, now we're getting back into it you should see some of the trends reassert themselves over the coming weeks and this should make it easier to read.

If there is anything in particular you would like to discuss trend wise please feel free to post a chart and your thinking and we could get a little interactive trade discussion going?

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Hi coolshades,

USD/SGD certainly looks interesting... it's just broken past it's low of around 1.3450 and I wonder if it just going to keep sinking?

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Thanks Steve! I find that simple suits me best! Trend trading with a few simple old methods (like trendlines) just seems to work!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Hi gododdin,

Great post! You are absolutely right in what you said!

I think the reason that we struggle to let the winners run is because it has (most likely) taken a long time to get to the point where we are actually getting into winning trades and we fear loosing that profit that it took so long to learn to make. This is certainly something I did and I am sure it is part of a process that all similar styled traders go through. But I think that changes when you get your first 1000+ pip trade! It gives you a whole new perspective on trade management!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Hi Xxavier,

Thanks for your interest - you are most welcome to stay!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Hi Peter,

Thanks for your post. To a certain extent I think what you have mentioned here will be discussed more when I add in the counter-trend discussions.

There are certainly times when price is moving counter to the daily trend but it is technically speaking conforming to the rules of say a 4 hour chart trend... in this case I would happily trade that 4 hourly trend until such time as the daily trend takes over. I will come back to this again later this week when I post my thinking/rules about counter-trend trades.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Hi laimonk,

Thank you for your question. This is probably one of the most daunting aspects of my trading method. Once you've racked up hundreds to thousands of pips in profit it can be very tempting to close out from fear and greed.

I'm sorry I can't answer your question just yet as there are a few more posts I need to make about the trading method before doing so but I will in due course and I will include posts and be happy to discuss any questions about it! Hope that is ok!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #93 ---
your method is exactly the same as mine

although my trade management is much different, i scale out and back in with bigger size

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Thanks Dan.  Right now I find it hard to imagine a 1000+ pip trade!  But I think I see the first one not too far over the horizon...

I would be glad of your thoughts on keeping trading records.  I know that many traders say that keeping accurate records is essential but this is something I really struggle with, not because I'm disorganised or undisciplined but because I don't really know why I'm doing it and therefore it seems pointless.  I kept records of every trade for months and months but I don't think I learned anything from them - maybe I was keeping the wrong information?  You mentioned your A4 journal - could you give some idea of what info you record there, and much more importantly why and what use you make of the information afterwards?  Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hi Dan, just wanted to subscribe, as i've been trying to trade pretty much exactly the same way, although i've been operating in a vacuum!!

I look forward to your analysis, i think the only divergence is that i draw my S/R from a weekly chart, and only enter on the daily signals. Unfortunately, i can't access 4hr charts during the day.

A very promising thread, look forward to contributing.

I should add, letting go is something i struggle with. Most of my trades get stopped for 50 pips, or B/E. I've yet to see the fabled 1000 pip trade LOL

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Great system!

Is this codable? Can it be turned into an EA?

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Hi Dan, looks like your on to another winner mate. I have a question re - the placing of stop losses and the moving of them as the trade unfolds. You mentioned in an earlier post about placing a stop loss 80 pips from your entry and using 4h and daily charts.

Am I to take from this that if you entered a trade on a daily chart with a hammer/pin bar candle as your entry signal, you would not place your stop loss at the end of the nose of the hammer/pin bar. Looking forward to see this thread unfold.

cheers.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Looks like EUR/AUD is turning coolshades, thanks for the heads up

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Support & Resistance Levels Trendlines Fib Retracements Candlestick Patterns & Breakouts

Dear Commander

Do you ranked your selection entries based on above in order of merits from the most important to the least i.e.

You would be looking for an ideal entries at

1. S&R (around Round Nos)

2. confluence at TL

3. also at 50% retracement

4. with confirmation candlestick patttern

Would you enter if u have only met 2 or 3 criterias.

Stop Losses

Are you still using SL of 100-150pips per pairs or do you based your SL on candlestick patterns as per your last example setting in at the low of the last entry candlestick.

Are you still advocating Anti-Hedge strategy?

Patience is hallmark of great trader... sometime it's psychologically hard to see potential pips 200-300 pips slowly retracing to BE... Assuming that  the trend is still intact... BUT your mind would be prompting you to take profit NOW NOW NOW before all is loss... In such instances would you exit your trades to book in some profits 1st before assessing the situation and looking to re-enter?

Thanks in advance for answering my enquires

Keep up the good work

Pip Well

Sylar

--- 帖子 #100 ---
good strategy...

thanks

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Hopefully that's a case of "great minds think alike" lol!

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Hi gododdin,

That's an interesting question. When I started out trading (in the T.A. world) I kept a journal to record trades and my reasoning/thought process - I think this is a good idea so you can see why/when things work and why/when they don't.

These days though I must admit I only keep the journal for bookkeeping purposes. Because I have a variety of trades on with different brokers I like to keep a separate journal for each currency pair and I record my positions as and when I open/close them - it just makes things easier!

I do recommend it though to anyone who wants to give it a try - it does help to have a historical record of trades - often you can look back at it and find how you have grown and even find reminders of little tips and tricks that you might have forgotten!

Regards,

Dan

PS.... hopefully that first 1000+ pip profit will be closer than you think!

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Hi yogibear,

Actually, I tend to start out from the weekly to draw what I call "key" levels of support/resistance. These are often the best places to trade from so your trading plan should fit in well with what I am doing here!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #104 ---
I wish! My life would be sweeeeeeeeet then! But alas I'm afraid it is not (codable)!

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Hi GJP,

Thanks for the question. That particular trade I mentioned was off of the H4 charts and the 80 pip stop would have been placed just above the high of the trigger/setup. I would recommend the same for the daily - I place the stop just beyond the opposite end of the setup.

Hope that makes sense!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Hi Sylar,

Thank you for your questions...

Yes to a certain extent I do rank my entries… I don’t really grade them but I do consider in my mind how good the setup looks and I only take it if I feel comfortable with it – you know when you should skip a trade because you will get to “feel” that the entry is not quite what it should be; at that stage you know it’s better to stay out.

If I get a candlestick pattern at one of the “key” s/r levels and it is in the direction of the trend I will most likely take it without the need for any other confluence. However, if price is not at a “key” level I will need to see at least two factors (i.e. s/r + trendline or s/r + fib level) as well as the trigger to get in the trade.

Using the candlestick patterns negates the use of the anti-hedge strategy as far as I am concerned. With candlestick patterns a trade becomes void once the stop is hit – if I think the trend is still valid even though I’ve been stopped out for a loss I will look for another trigger to get back in.

I know the temptation to exit a trade early for a profit but I try my best not to these days… unless I have good reason to believe that the trend has actually changed. The reason is that you may never (until the actual change of trend) get the chance to get in at such a good price again – we are assuming here the trend is intact and in that case we really want to milk it for as much as it’s worth.

As an example (real not theoretical) let’s take the USD/CAD – daily chart, 1st April 2009, a nice little pin bar forms at an “area of interest” and we sell below… success; the trade moves 500 pips in our favor and then starts to retrace - fear and greed kick in and we close for 250 pips! Great, we made a profit, I’m not knocking it, but price never came back to our entry – if we had held on our trade would be worth almost ten times that now at around 2300 pips… not to mention the pins that formed on that retracement (that caused us to close out) would be worth another 2000 pips on top!

Hopefully that illustrates that the old adage to hold on to your winners is not just a cliché but actually a good piece of advice. Of course, everyone has to find what works for them – I’m just trying to show what seems to work best for me! But before you decide, please back test a few setups and see where you would normally have closed them out and then compare them to what you could have made if you held on; it’s an interesting exercise!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Thank you!

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Hi Commander

Thanks for the detail response.

In a nutshell one have to develop our own market "feel" (accomplished through countless hours of chart time) & candlestick patterns are the determing factor for our entries & SL.

Just to clarify if u have a nice pinbar set on the 4hr you would set your SL a few pips (5-10pips) below the pinbar... Would you look at the D1 chart to readjust your SL based on the D1 candlestick becos 6 candles on the 4H charts is equivalent to one D1 candle.

Regards

Sylar

--- 帖子 #109 ---
i hope to be active in this thread here. your strategy is a mirror image of mines since we learned most our stuff from the same concept.

Trend trades..Trend lines.. Fibs..and im also using lately pin bars and outside bars on the dailies.

Im still mainly on the EUR but i am looking to branch out if the trade jumps out at you and its as easy as picking money up off the street.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Excellent Dan- you've confirmed what I was beginning to suspect - I think my records are sufficient for my purposes now, I just thought maybe I was missing something!  I will let you know the first time I get 1k pips.

Looking forward to the next installment of your strategy...

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hi Dan,

Another great thread. The simple trend trading approach is very much aligned to my own thinking.

Just some areas I am seeking clarity on. If you have already provided this, then please excuse the question or point me in the right direction. (I get lost in all the posts!)

1)

Can you explain how you apply the fib tool to your charts? And when you will use it and won't use it? What impact would round numbers have above/below the key fib numbers?

Personally, I find the use quite subjective (much like trend lines) and hence some inconsistencies appear.

2)

Once in a trade, can you reconfirm your original stop loss approach? And explain when you move the stop loss to break even.

Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Hello Dan,

Follower of your tread and trading style, I found this indicator on www.mql4.com  . It combines several S/R levels over different timeframes.  It takes a  bit of trial and error to find the best settings, and  they  seem to be  different for some pairs. Moreover, if installed on some 20  pairs  (Alpari UK MT4), it uses quite some processor/memory resources.

Best regards,

Ludo Willems

Belgium

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Hey Dan are you in any long term trades right now? could you possibly give me a current performance result .eg EUR/AUD + 450 and il attempt to find your entry just want to practice spotting the patterns without being told

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Hello Dan, do you see some pare ready for long term trade now or pare where signal is forming? Thank you for this great thread and for your help. have a nice day,

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Hi Dan,

Great thread,many thanks.

Best wishes

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Hi Dan,

Do you look for any particular "signs" in price action (other than your candlestick patterns) as it approaches your trendline, S/R zones which help you decide if or not they are likely to hold or be breached?

Thank you

Peter

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Good question, lizpet. I dont use candlesticks for entry. I use price patterns. I essentially do the same thing as DANuk, but instead of looking for hammer or engulfing bar, etc at concentrated point of interest, i look for a 1,2,3 formation at the point of interest.  Whenever i trade daily and H4, i look for the 1, 2,3 formation on the 15mins. Whenever i trade weekly or monthly, i look for the 1, 2, 3 on the h1. occasionally on h4.

Using the low of the 1,2,3 formation as my SL, and the completion of the 1, 2,3 as my entry point.

To show you a recent example(a trade i took a couple of hours ago. In real time. NZD/USD long on H4/15mins. The fib levels, round number, s/r levels are very close to the 50% fib level on the H4 time frame. My entry was at the 15mins level. Hence h4/15mins. Then when price gets to the 50% fib on the H4, i zoom into 15mins and wait for a nice 1, 2,3 pattern formation. At the completion of the 1,2,3 formation at 0.7285 i entered long with SL at 0.7265(low of the 1,2,3 formation).

Here is the link to the trade:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=7893

If you want to learn more about 1, 2,3 PATTERN formation, check out this link:
http://www.tradejuice.com/forex/fore...methode-mm.htm

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Hi Sylar,

If I enter based on a 4 hour candlestick pattern I will place my stop at the opposite end of that setup - I would only use the daily high/low for a stop if I entered based on a daily candle.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Good stuff! Welcome to the thread - I look forward to your input here!

Euro is still my fav too!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Hi dmuk,

Thank you for the compliment and questions... I find it's best to quote and answer in a different colour so that others can learn from the answers too:

1)
Can you explain how you apply the fib tool to your charts? And when you will use it and won't use it? What impact would round numbers have above/below the key fib numbers?

Personally, I find the use quite subjective (much like trend lines) and hence some inconsistencies appear.

Indeed – it is one of those self fulfilling prophecies – which trading is in fact made up of. I tend to use them to measure the retracement of the most recent swing in the direction of the trend. It is basically a guide so I know how far the retracement has gone – ideally I would like to see price retrace at least 50% of it’s last leg in the direction of the trend before becoming of interest to enter. Again, I line the levels up to the round numbers (I don’t physically adjust the fibs, I just do it mentally; so if the 50% level fell at 1.3415 for example I would round that to 1.3400 for an entry).

2)
Once in a trade, can you reconfirm your original stop loss approach? And explain when you move the stop loss to break even.

My stop loss is initially positioned a little above the high or low of the setup candle (if it’s a short signal the stop goes above the high and reverse for a long signal). Moving the stop loss to breakeven is a little more complicated – it is a whole subject in itself and I will come to it shortly!

Hope that helps!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Hi Ludo,

Thank you for your interest! I have also used some indicators to identify S/R levels but I have not seen this one before!

To be honest though I believe the very best indicator to use is the human eye! It requires a little training but it is the best way to do it in the long run imho!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Very good idea MrCBee! I do have a couple of long term trades open - I'll start off with a couple of easy trades (as of this moment they are)...

USD/CHF (H4) +260 pips

USD/JPY (Daily) +820 pips

AUD/USD (Daily) +880 pips

Regards,

Dan

PS... Anyone else who wants to join in is welcome!

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Hello lite27,

Yes there are indeed some currencies lining up and ready to trade however I don't want to post any at the moment! Once I've finished explaining the strategy I will look to start posting potential trades and hope others will join in and post setups too.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #124 ---
You're welcome!

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Hi Peter,

No not really. Is there anything in particular you had in mind? The only thing I wait for is the close of the setup candle... once that is done I will decide whether or not to trade.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Thanks very much for the reply.

I will revisit the fib stuff a little later, but I take it 50% or close to it is your preferred number?

I look forward to learning more detail around your stop loss approach. Maybe you could quantify the "little bit" above or below - is this a specific number or just enough away from the set up candle to avoid being knocked out of the trade?

I posted another question in your other thread. Hopefully you can shed some light on these basic questions as well!

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...243846&page=15

I was looking at the AUD/CAD today. The upward trend has already run since June but there may be some potential in the high set today. Would this be a suitable one to watch? I know that rollover and spread may be an issue on this pair.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Hi,

I have now replied to your other question (apologies for the delay I don't have the time to do much intraday stuff at the moment).

With regards to the AUD/CAD - when you say "potential in the high set today" do you mean potential to sell it?

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Guys I think I have caused a little confusion with all the discussions of different time frames etc.

So for now I would like everyone who wants to learn to trade with the trend to do the following only:

1. Pull up a weekly chart and draw your support and resistance levels off this chart - this should help you to draw the major levels that we want to trade from and cuts out the intraday noise.

2. Only watch the daily chart for entries with the trend at a pullback to one of these levels (trendlines and fib tool may be used to help guide you to the best entry level).

For the time being lets forget about 4 hourly charts and lets also forget about counter-trend trades.

Is that cool with everyone? Entries will be fewer but they should also be more reliable and much easier to read.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Great Dan! Suits me down to the ground.  Would it be okay if I was to post a chart or two of a couple of pairs once I've identified the levels on the weekly chart, just to be sure that they are at least in the ball park?

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Some very nice trades and results Dan.

I have added some charts with my analysis.

Finding the UJ entry I marked all the candlestick patterns we look for and a few swing low fibs. The fib in the rectangle had already retraced so i used the second one. From there I know your entry signal would have been the bearish engulfing or pinbar marked with a red cross. You can also see I marked a 3rd pattern the IB. Consider adding to the position there? Close below 150ema, breaks lower and added confirmation closing below 90.00

AU trade I assume your signal would have been the bullish engulfing marked with red cross?. Closed above 8500 i also had the 50% retrace marked at 8470 (not on chart). Would have been a pass from my chart tho 365ema just above and all that previous support now resistance (marked in rectangle). However it did break through hard. I think an entry at the blue cross would be acceptable with stop below 85 meaning price would have to drop through 3 strong resistance points.

USD/CHF wow easy find no chart necessary every one should be able to see it clearly. I actually took that trade - pinbar at swing high, previous s/r area, rejection of 150ema and lined up with 38.2 retracement. To bad i got out at 1.008 support area as it is now +120pips from there which you have picked up .

We all know its easier finding these entries in the past. The real challenge is finding these setups and sticking to the rules in real time. Look forward to working with you.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Hi Dan,

I'm probably falling into the typical trader trap of complicating and over analyzing a basically robust methodology!

But to answer your question - if we can identify price weakness or strength in price as it approaches our area of interest it may be useful

e.g. Say price starts to roll over as it approaches our area of interest, the probability of our area holding is looking better

If we should use an oscillator? - then we could use this to pick out divergence with price (weakness), if this coincides with our candlestick patterns, S/R etc - this may increase the probability of a successful trade

etc

etc

I think I should just sit back and watch how your strategy unfolds and if/how/why you may change your trendline to accommodate new pivots to capture the larger trend

I look forward to seeing your exits

Trendline trading appears so logical and easy (provided we don't over complicate it) ha ha

Thanks Dan

Peter

--- 帖子 #132 ---
[quote=DanUK;4021637]Very good idea MrCBee! I do have a couple of long term trades open - I'll start off with a couple of easy trades (as of this moment they are)...

USD/CHF (H4) +260 pips

USD/JPY (Daily) +820 pips

AUD/USD (Daily) +880 pips

Regards,

Dan

I also took the USD/CHF on the D1 based on a pinbar entry. At present I am using T/P (take profit targets) of minimum 2-1 of the distance between my entry and my S/L. I placed my S/L at break even after I had gained 200 pips. There has been some retracement today, but it is heading south again now.  I look forward to your views on the S/L positioning Dan.

Good trading.

GJP

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Hi Dan and other trend traders,

I'm a bit confused regarding Eur/USD direction...

If we pull up a let's say 200-300 candle weekly chart, we can see that we are in a downtrend and that the nearest resistances are around 1.30 and 1.33.

(Sorry I'm at work, I cannot access my platforms and don't have java in laptop, so cannot put upload charts...).

If we pull up a 200-300 candle daily chart we are also in a downtrend and around the 1.30 resistance line. However we have been in a correction since june.

The way I see (if reading charts correctly) right now could be a good place to short. Also this level is also a 60% fib level from last swing high-low. However this weeks bulish momentum is very strong and it could go further up... This is making me doubtful about the long term downtrend , perhaps we are in the beggining of a new uptrend... When in doubt you should stay out of market, but would like to know people's thoughts about this pair and current situation...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Great place to start! I'm cool wit h that.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Hi Dan,

If we are after the multi month moves, then we probably need to draw our trendlines thro the major pivots.

The more bars that we have on our charts, the bigger the picture we see, and the more important pivots tend to "stand out" better - allowing us to draw our trendlines thro the "major" pivots, and hopefully these trendlines provide the longer term moves.

Why not get our trendlines from the timeframe above that which we intend trading from? (just thinking aloud)

When trading from the daily, how far back do you display on your chart a year? one and a half or two years? for drawing your trendlines

Thanks again

Peter

--- 帖子 #136 ---
HI Laranja,

My take on the EUR/USD is that we are at a critical point at which it decides whether it wants to resume the previous short uptrend or start another down trend.

This is the daily chart

1) the green line was the down trend we had the first half of this year. Around mid july it broke above the green line and retested and continued upwards. Note the retest didn't fully touch the green trendline before it continued upwards (just a point to show that trading requires flexibility and its an art more than a science)

2) Now the blue line is connecting the first two lows. Currently the EUR broke below it and it has been retesting it for a couple weeks now. It has failed to convincingly show strength in the down move and is staying close to the blue TL. Usually when price hangs around a TL it tends to break it after a while, its just waiting for the right push or correct moment.

So to me its at a descision making point.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Hi gododdin,

Yes that would be fine - in fact it would be a good idea for anyone who wants to join in to identify levels of support and resistance on a weekly chart. A picture is worth a thousand words, as they say, and it should be a good learning experience.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Hi MrCBee,

Good work!

USD/CHF and AUD/USD you got exactly right.

USD/JPY I took the bearish engulfing bar... I also kept the first fib you mentioned because it was the most recent engulfing swing (although as you noted price had retraced into it already it had not broken the swing high or low).

As you say though... finding them in historical charts is one thing, live trading is something else altogether. But it is the first step!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Hi Peter,

You may be overcomplicating a little. The most important thing is to trade with the trend, the second is that you look for entries at high probability locations and the third is you get a valid entry signal to trade from. That's pretty much it!

Divergence however could be used if you are comfortable with it... I wouldn't however use the oscillators for anything other than looking for divergence! I will leave that one up to you - personally I don't look for divergence but if you want to it's probably about the only indicator based add on I would approve of!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #140 ---
[quote=GJP;4023067]
Hi GJP,

USD/CHF has hit the psychologically important 1.0000 level - it could prove to be a turning point in the trend so I will be watching carefully what unfolds over the next few days.

I think what you are saying is that you use a risk to reward ratio of 1:2 (your reward being double your risk) which is fair, but it does limit your winners. Personally I like to remain in a trade for as long as possible. This limits your risk and maximizes your profits!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Hi laranja,

My take on the Euro is pretty much the same as bboyomega83's answer.

Currently price is lingering just about the 1.3000 level - a daily close above this level would support the likelihood of higher prices ahead.

I closed out my long term shorts on the Euro when price crossed up through 1.2500 on the 1st July 2010 and my long term bias since then has been up. The same applies to Cable (although I believe that trend turned almost a month before the Euro).

Hope that is of some use!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Cool! Love your avatar by the way!!

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Hi - here is my first attempt at taking major S/R from the weekly chart.  I have to say I don't find this easy, so I wouldn't be be surprised if I have some of them 'wrong'!

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Hi Peter,

I'm a little confused about what you mean with regards to drawing trendlines through "pivots" - could you explain that a little more please or perhaps a chart might make it clearer to me!

Now, I do tend to draw my horizontal support/resistance levels from the timeframe above (well in fact I only really use the weekly chart to draw the "key" s/r levels).

With regards to trendlines though - I tend to do my trend analysis on a daily chart; it just seems to suit me best for the way I trade. I use a simple method of higher highs and higher lows in an up trend and lower highs and lower lows in a down trend. I then use these highs (in a down trend) and lows (in an up trend) to draw my trendlines.

I don't tend to have a rule with regards to how far back I go but I will generally zoom out as far as I can (and indeed I do sometimes drop back to the weekly chart) in order to draw the outer trendline. Note also that there are times when more than one trendline should be drawn. Take for example this GBP/JPY chart... the purple trendline is the outer trendline but there is also a gold trendline that shows the inner trendline (that price been respecting more recently).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Hi gododdin,

This is a great chart. I like it a lot - you've highlighted the important areas without over cluttering the chart.

The next step is to widen these levels just a touch - think of them as zones more than to the pip lines. Think of them as being drawn with crayons rather than a fine tip pen!

Here is a chart highlighting what I mean...

--- 帖子 #146 ---
[quote=DanUK;4024850]

Hi Dan,

Sorry I did mean 1:2 ratio. My stop at B/E has been hit on the USD/CHF The same also happened on another pair I was in. None of them reached their original stop level though. I agree with the 1,0000 level and there looks like there may be an opportunity to re-enter the trade around this level.

I would be interested to hear what your S/L procedure's are Dan.

Good trading.

gjp

--- 帖子 #147 ---
[quote=GJP;4025039]

Sorry Dan, ignore the bit above re-my USD/CHF it's early in the morning here lol. My USD/CHF is still alive. I got stopped out at B/E on my GBP/CHF and GBP/CAD (note to self, make sure your awake before switching PC on)

--- 帖子 #148 ---
[quote=GJP;4025092]

Hahaha. my usd/chf BE too.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Dan,

thank you for open this thread, I really appreciatte that.

This trade style is really the trade way, is not easear, is not simple (at the bigining at least) but is the real way to trade.

Always try to do this in this form...so, this is an other oportunity to learn from you.

Thank you again, good luck and best regards.

Pop

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Hi Dan,

Its just our difference in terminology:

A pivot high consists of basically 3 bars -

The pivot high being a bar that is preceded with a bar that has a lower high, and is followed with a bar that also has a lower high

A pivot low is the opposite

Regards

peter

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Morning bboyomega83,

Ok I see your point, thanks for clarifying.

Also to you Dan...

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Hello Dan, Please, help me to understand your system with one pair example, but in todays real market situation. Your explanations are perfect, short and very clear. So, system is cristall clear,but when I try to find even one pair which to watch for entry signal according to your system I am confused and can not find clear no one. Please, if its possible, take just 1 pair on your radar list and show step by step your actions in the future. Thank you very much for all the help you give, for your great thread, Regards,

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Hi DanUK

I hope you don't mind.

I am poor in English.

I can understand good in picture.

If you may, kindly post your trade  with chats to ease understanding.

Thank you.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Danuk

Nice thread. Reached the end so far, but still waiting for the most important aspect.... the trade management and risk management.

Regards

--- 帖子 #155 ---
[quote=GJP;4025039]
Hi GJP,

Initially I place my stop loss beyond the opposite end of my setup bar, so if I have a bearish engulfing candle that I want to short I will place my stop loss a little above the high of the candle.

The next thing I do is to look for a target - an area that could cause price to stop and reverse; once identified this is where I want to get my stop to breakeven.

The first thing I look for is a significant support/resistance level and when price gets there and it looks like it is stalling or forming an opposing signal - this would be a good sign to move stop to breakeven.

The second is if there is not a significant s/r level in the way I will move my stop to breakeven once price has reached the previous swing that occurred before the retracement - a chart would be best to explain this... the blue area indicates the danger zone!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Hi Popeye,

Thank you for you kind words! I hope I can share a little of what I have learned to help others replicate some of the same success.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Ah I see what you mean now... kind of like a "fractal" bar. I looked at using fractals to identify important highs and lows and this works quite well on the daily and weekly charts but remember that the market doesn't follow rules so strictly... sometimes you might have a bar with a lower high on one side and not the other but it is still of importance to the market!

As bboyomega83 said earlier it’s more of an art than a science!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Hi lite27,

A live example would be helpful but I don't want to be seen to be providing signals so... what I thought would be better would be if you pull up a weekly chart and try to identify the key support and resistance levels (just as gododdin did with his usd/chf chart) and then post that here so I can take a quick look at it; don't worry if you don't identify the right levels - that is part of the learning curve and the purpose of this thread is to help people learn. We can then both look at this in real time and if we get a trade signal we can trade it live (well on demo really if you're learning - no "live" trading just yet!!).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Hi tradpat,

I too prefer charts - pictures make things easier to explain and to understand! What charts would you like to see? Examples of past trades or do you want to look at a specific currency? Live trading charts will come at some point but I don't want to rush into it yet until I feel I've properly explained myself and people understand what I am trying to say!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #160 ---
This makes a lot of sense dan re stop loss

The charts really help with the explanation also

Hanging out for the next peril

thanks for taking the time to share this

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Hi Guys,

Normally I do not trade 4 hr charts but i wanted to post a pin bar that looked good to me. Some good things about this pin bar is that its at a

swing high in space

long nose protruding upwards

strong close near to the open

the only thing on my mind is if the bar breaks and becomes valid where does price find its first trouble area. I think it will be at the top or middle of the consolidation area it just broke out of.

i do think the EUR uptrend has resumed so technically this would be a counter trend trade. Just be aware of that

Dan if you do not want me to post counter trend trades just say the word and I wont. I just thought it would be nice to get some other thoughts on this pin bar

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Hello Dan,

Thank you for your thread. I got couple of questions:

1) When you start your trading day which pairs do you observe mostly?

Which pairs would you recommend?

2) Stop loss about 100pips is a bit high for me. I would rather use 30 pips max. Is it possible to use such tight SL on H4 timeframe?

3) What was your biggest loss and why? Of course only if you willing to share with that

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Why have you got the CFTC hypothetical results disclaimer?

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Why not?

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Hi Dan - thanks for that.  How are you placing those broad lines - are you using 'Insert Shape>Rectangle' in MT4 or 5?  Also, and I know this is getting down to the real nuts and bolts, how do you decide on the width of the rectangle - I note that some are wider than others - is that accidental?  I just wondered if you were encompassing tops and bottoms or something?  And finally, is the centre of the rectangle over the round number or is it the top (or the bottom)?  It's not easy to tell from your screenshot.

Thanks for your patience!

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hi bboyomega83,

I have been known to take a good looking counter trend pin but the big problem with this pin in my opinion is the location... to me it's in no mans land. What I mean to say is that it is not at a key s/r level and therefore not of interest to me as a counter trend trigger.

I would appreciate it though if we could avoid posting any counter trend stuff for the time being.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hi pug123,

I would start off following the big ones... USD/CHF, EUR/USD, GBP/USD, USD/JPY, AUD/USD and USD/CAD also EUR/CAD and EUR/AUD are quite nice ones to trade. I would also recommend sticking to the daily time frame.

With regards to stop loss... why would the size of the stop matter? What you should be doing is adjusting your position size so that whether your stop is 10 pips or 200 pips the risk % of your account should always be the same. If your broker is unable to offer this consider using Oanda - although I don't like their charting and slippage seems to be a little bit of an issue with them (nothing major just a couple of pips here and there) but you can adjust your position size easily so that your % risk stays exactly the same on every trade.

I'm not sure what my biggest loss was in pip size... I assume you mean whilst trading this way (i.e. not before I found my trading legs!) - I can't actually remember loosing a trade from a daily setup. In fact, I've just been going over some charts and my journal and I can't seem to find a failed trade from the daily setups... I'm not saying there wasn't one; I just haven't found it yet (most failures are from the H4 setups)! Your question has solidified my thinking though that everyone should stick with daily charts until they are consistently profitable with this method! But, regardless of how many pips it was my loss of account would have only been 2% as my risk remains the same regardless of time frame. I will keep scanning and update you once I've found a big failed trade!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Hi gododdin,

Yes that is how I draw the rectangles.

I generally put up a single line first on the round number (this is when the chart is as zoomed out as I can get) and I then zoom in a touch and place the rectangle over the line and adjust the top and bottom to get the best fit. Generally the centre of the rectangle will be over the round number and the top/bottom are adjusted to fit the area with most touches... it's a little bit of an art - takes a while to get it right (the more you practice looking for s/r levels in this way the easier it becomes to identify them - I remember when I first started I agonized over the charts for hours trying to get them perfect; since then I have trained my eye and find the levels much easier to identify - I have also realized that I do not need to get them perfectly right!) but I have noticed that on average the range will be about 100 pips (approx 50 over the top and 50 below the line). But again I should stress - it's not an exact science, it needs to be considered as a general area rather than a strict one pip line!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Hi Dan - Okay, I had a go and the result is below.  I found out that you can specify an exact value for the high and low of the rectangle so for now I just added 50 above and 50 below the line.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Hi gododdin,

Yep that's a bit better - although please note the 50/50 is not a solid rule; sometimes it will be more and sometimes it might be less - but as I mentioned earlier, this will develop the more you do it!

Good work so far... no doubt your first 1000 pip win is just around the corner!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Ok I think the final part of the strategy that I need to explain (with the exception of counter trend trades) is how to get out.

The easiest way for me to explain exits is to use a chart... so lets take a nice easy one from earlier this year... the EUR/USD. I started selling this from the green line in the attached chart and exited all trades at the red line. Now if I had placed just this one trade I could have been up almost 1900 pips (which would have been about 25% for 2% risk). As it happens I placed a few more entries and made substantially more but we won't get into that just yet (it might be fun later to try and identify the trades).

I exited all my trades at the point that I felt the downtrend had been technically invalidated. I use a simple combination of trendlines, higher highs/lows, lower highs/lows and the support and resistance levels to help me analyze the trend.

In this instance price had bounced off of the s/r level around 1.1900 and moved up to 1.2466 before retracing a little (making 1.2466 the most recent swing high in our series of lower highs). Several days later price blasted up and closed above 1.2466 - I then placed my stops above the daily candle and got taken out as price continued up the next day. In my opinion that is where the down trend changed and that means it is time to get out and start looking for places to get long!

Of course I could have been wrong and the down trend could have continued. If that happened I would just have to wait for a signal to get back in short. As it happens price did continue up and I currently have two long term buys in place and will be looking to add again if the Euro continues to push up.

Regards,

Dan

PS... I think we are almost at the point where we can start to post a few more charts and discuss potential setups but before we do that is there anything else (except counter trend trades) that needs to be clarified?

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Cheers Dan, very interesting. Do you scale in and out of your trades? At the moment I just take the one trade until it's conclusion. I must admit some recent trades have made a considerable amount of pips only to come back and take me out at B/E. I am starting to think about maybe taking 50% out of a trade in future, at least that way I would have something to show for my trade. Interested in your thoughts Dan.

Good trading.

GJP.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
understood sir

--- 帖子 #174 ---
EXCELLENT! I was a little late on the trigger and started selling at 1.3750. Now where did you tend to add along the way? You closed all out at the same spot you said so you didnt take some profit along the way?

I tend to add along the way but i like to move to BE quickly at the FTA and/or around 50 pips profit. Also i tend to cut the losses quickly around -50 to 100 pips. I found that if it goes against me by 50 or more it might not be ready to resume the trend. Do you let it go against you by much? and i think you said you move to BE at the FTA.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
HEY, DANuk,

Given your technique, i am wondering if you enter short at 1.2245 area on the 17th of june. I have tried highlighting it in blue.

Or does this not fit with your criteria?

--- 帖子 #176 ---
I have a question. Given what you just wrote above, why didnt you get out at the blue box in the chart.

chart attached below.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
I'm sure Dan will have an answer but I'd give a few:

- it shows the value of a channel vs a trendline

(often trendlines break but the containing parallels contain)

- it shows the value of the 50ma

- often the first break of a trendline generates liquidity and continuation

( but what about the second one)

- a solid gap at the beginning of the week really invite filling ... failure after the fill would be much more convincing of trend failure.

I note that my hindsight trading is superior to my real-time.

.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Looks like the 'dragon' pattern, the exit...

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Dan have a look at this CHF/JPY chart would this be the sort of trades you look for?

Or would you prefer to focus on the longer term trend and larger swing highs and lows for the fibs?

because the longer term trend with this pair is down and that fib only uses a few days data.

Im still going to keep my eye on this because the yen may fall further with hints of more BOJ intervention. I don't want to be on the wrong side of that if it happens again.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Hello all. I am a little gun shy posting here as I am extremely new to FX. I have a few quetions that I need to ask as a check on learning if you will.

1) When I look at a daily chart and establish that there is a downward trend, am I waiting for the peak of a swing-high retracement to take place before going short with the pair? Is this the "Big Picture" of the strategy, and we use S/R and Candlestick patterns to indicate the end of the swing and enter the pair?

2)In the initial lesson you showed two charts. One was the daily USDJPY showing a clear downward trend and the other the H4 USDJPY showing a clear upward trend. You explained how the H4 chart was simply a retracement in the Daily and this is the chart we are trading. Here is where I am confused. By this, do you mean we are going long on the retracement, or we are waiting for a candle stick indicator to appear in which to enter short in the daily downward trend?

I do greatly appreciate you taking the time to assist.

Regards, Eric

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Hi Eric - no need to worry - you're amongst friends here...

I'm sure Dan will answer you more fully but I'll have a go in the meantime.

As far as your first question is concerned you are correct.  This is what Dan refers to as entering on a 'discount'.  Let's say there is a confirmed uptrend, followed by a pullback downwards, we're then waiting for an opportunity to enter (long) based on fibs, support and resistance, the trend line and then candle patterns.

As for your second question you're now talking about counter trend trading and this is more advanced.  Dan has said that he's going to come to that later.  For now the advice is to forget the 4 hour counter trend trading and just concentrate on trend trading the daily charts (demo of course for now).

Dan will no doubt clarify further.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Thank you gododdin for the reply and your encouragement.  I did believe counter trend trading is what I would have been referring to. However, my interpretation of the chart at the time of the retracement would had been that it was not a retracement at all and a change in the trend entirely and therefore we would had been trading with the trend.

In other words, for the given example I would have had no idea that around 7 Aug the USDJPY would pivot and the downward trend would resume.

I guess this arises another question and that is, when reading and trading daily charts, how could 7 months uptrending following a 1 year downtrend be identified as a retracement and not a trend change entirely? I suppose if I am using daily charts, I can't consider it a trade worthy trend unless it has been trending considerable points in that direction

P.S. My insight is that my interpretation of the retracement/trend doesnt really matter. If I entered long on the retracement and tagged my trailing stop, risk managed and I should at least BE. Right? Yikes! LOL

To Dan, I am very grateful for your time. I have sifted through so much transparent and bogus material on the internet, in an attempt to teach myself and learn. I feel you have pulled back many layers of confusion that has hindered my progress and am sure many others. -Eric

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Hi Entropy/Dan

I think that's a fair question

At your exit point, a channel could not be drawn, so that theory is out (sorry kiwi trader)

To answer your question, I think Dan looks to exit at a S/R level, preferably "a round number" with confirmation of a trend change using lower lo / lower high sequence breakdown

Referring to your exit:

Following right on your exit - price did infact change to higher lo, higher hi sequence (uptrend)

So why did we not exit?

Maybe because:

1 The fact that price gapped up at your exit, we could expect the gap to be filled?

2  The bar creating the gap is a pin type bar, expect a reversal?

3  Although we had a theoretical trend change - there was no follow through. Price did not trade above the high of the signal bar (the bar which created the gap)

I assume the idea is to stay with the trend as long as possible, if in doubt stay in

If the lower lo/lower hi sequence was broke but not did not convert to higher hi/higher lo - we would stay with the trade

I have a problem in defining legitimate peaks and troughs for trend analysis!!

On the chart there are a couple of areas where I have problems i.e. around Dec 2009 and Feb/Mar 2010. These are areas of indecision, but still have highs and lows

Do you require x number of bars between peaks and troughs?.

Thanks in advance

Peter

--- 帖子 #184 ---
The above refers to post 177

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Hi Eric - you are right about Dan!

you raise some good points that I too struggle with. I've put together a quick diagram (using Paint so it's pretty rough!) and would be very grateful to have Dan's take on this.

Dan -you said in another post that you would be happy to discuss further the role that major S/R has in showing us where the trend is going to change. Would it be relevant to this?

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Good thread. Something like J16 thread. Thanks

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Hello Dan, please, lets we start to identify long term trading opportunities which are ready or forming now, using charts. It would be the best way to master great staff you teatch us. We can place charts and discuss the situation. Practic is the best way to become a master. By the way, I noticed that fibo levels on 1H help much to enter in trend on retracement. Thank you very much for your great  and clear teatching!   Regards,

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hi dan,

Pls how do you draw your trend lines? I mean should it be at the lowest low of the bar touching one or two other lows? and again the support and resistance can we also have them on 50? Then at times there are s/r that are not on BRN should we ignore such? just trying to learn are my TL's correct? Thanks

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I think the EUR officially resumed the uptrend with the close above 1.3000 this week and the breakout of the consolidation.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
It would appear that in your approach to interpreting price behaviour with respect to channels you believe this to be true.  That's fine although its probably at odds with the practices of most successful traders using channels as part of their trend and S&R definition.

Rather than drag the thread off topic given Dan's lack of response on the original question so far I'll make a recommendation.  Anyone who is actually interested in using channels to trade and define trend change could gain a great deal by studying Tim Morge's work on median lines.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Hi Kiwi trader,

Sorry if I offended you, no offence was intended. I do appreciate the use of channels.

I did not explain myself very well in that post (in general). I was distracted by another ongoing event after I had started typing the post.

Anyway, all I was trying to say was that you could not draw the channel you showed, because the peak that you used to draw your channel had not yet happened at the point where Entropy may have exited.

Why did you not use the peak near his possible exit for your channel?

Kind regards

Peter

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Dear Dan,

Thanks for your well-explained strategy. I like it. That's exactly where I intend to go.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Hi guys - I haven't deserted the thread! My weekend is pretty busy and I'm out at the moment (just checking in via iPhone!) but I will respond to all questions a little later on this evening!

Just a quick note - what's the difference between a trendline and a channel (except the second line)? Unless I'm mistaken (it happens lol) they are drawn the same way... so I'm not sure I see any added value?

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Peter,

We got crossed up.  It seems that I was responding to Dan's original exit point and you were responding to the responders point.

Dan,

There is sometimes confluence of channel rightmost line and trendline.  When there is confluence more people see the same potential resistance to the current short term move increasing the potential entry's reliability.

Sometimes not and as in all things I think the individual has to decide which appeal to them and then make it their own.  Personally I prefer channels because I think they better represent the "momentum" of the surrounded move but that doesn't make them right.  The only thing that is right is that the market is about to go up, down or sideways.

Don't want to hijack your thread as I believe that a newbie following it is more likely to find success with it if people like me don't confuse it with extra stuff.  KISS works.

So, if they are not what you use; enough channels.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Hi GJP,

(Sorry for the late replies... went to a BBQ yesterday afternoon and it turned into a bit of an all nighter!).

I like to add to trades when a trend develops... my basic rule for this is to ensure that the first position is well in profit and stop is at breakeven and then add on retracements.

With regards to taking partial profits... I am reminded of something clockwork71 once said; it was something of the lines of "I don't take partial losses"! I also think that the trouble is if you take half off then the remainder has to run for 2000 pips to be worth the same as a 1000 pip run. My trading is about building a long term position and allowing a good trend to bring in large long term profits.

Now on the other hand I do understand that the little demon inside will struggle to cope with a run of losses and break even trades whilst establishing a good position. I think this is part of the learning curve and each person must find their own way to deal with it - partial profit taking is one way but my preference would be to try and develop the patience required to allow my full position to run for maximum effect!

That being said, you need to be comfortable with your trading to make things work and if taking partial profits means that you can stick around longer whilst developing the skills and patience required to win those long term positions then go for it - so long as the long term goal is to get to a point where you are getting the most out of your trades by allowing full positions to run.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Good question! But I think it would be more fun if you told me where I entered!! I had a combination of H4 and daily entries but lets keep it simple and stick with the dailies only. I can tell you that I had 4 positions from daily setups on that down trend (including the very first trade mentioned).

First prize goes to the first person who identifies all those entries correctly lol!!

With regards to your second question... I tend to find that good setups on the dailies don't go against me very much - they tend to be fairly quick breaks. However, if a trade does go against me I don't tend to cut them early... I let the trade work itself out - either it goes to my target (and to breakeven) or I get stopped out. I prefer a mechanical approach to these things - I find it helps to take out the emotional factor when things aren't going right!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Hi Entropy,

No I didn't have any trades there/then. Is there something you see that you might have sold? If so please point it out and I will take a look - but I didn't see anything tradable.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Hello again,

At that time I was looking for an entry in the 1.3500/1.3600 area... price gapped up a lot on the day and I was getting tempted to close out my trades but I waited for the day to close... I felt the downtrend was still valid and it was only weekend news based speculation that caused the big gap up... the day closed as a shooting star which gave me a bit more reason to believe price was still heading down... if it wasn't sitting on a big gap I probably would have traded it but I didn't add at that point, I just let the market show me what it was going to do at a time of uncertainty.

If the day had been bullish I would have adjusted my stops to take me out if the move up continued.

Hope that answers your question.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Hello emacro,

I've never heard of the dragon pattern so I just checked it out and yes it does look the same; but I would say by coincidence not design.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Right... got to pop out for a little while now; will be back to continue answering questions later!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #201 ---
I thought posting two charts may help in bettering my understanding. The below are daily charts.

As both trends appear upward (at least daily and weekly view) would we only consider LONG entries? Or would we consider going short if the setup was right?

Personally I am seeking longer term trades and therefore would be reluctant to trade against the trend.

AUD/CAD:

- Daily and weekly trends are UP.

- Would we wait for a break above the earlier high to enter high?

(0.970 - flagged with blue arrow on chart)

- Or would we be cautious of trend lines of channel and wait for a further retracement?

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1284910390

AUD/USD:

- Daily and weekly trends are UP.

- Recent close formed a bearish pin bar.

- Wait for retracement and resumption of trend for LONG position?

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1284910390

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Hi Dannyboy,just sighning into your great thread ,enjoyed your last one and this one looks even better.Thankyou for your time out.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
You've answered all my questions satisfactorily. Thanks.

Just a question. In 2009, you use the 100 pips trailing SL, correct? How are your returns this year, compare to 2009, so far. (just factoring only the USD pairs)

--- 帖子 #204 ---
I have just done a google search for " Trendline Scanner" (idle hands)

"The Ramp Chart Pattern Recognition" scanner looks interesting but may be more useful for stock trading where a large number of stocks are considered?

I have NO experience in using this software!!

Has anyone used it and found it useful?

Peter

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Hi Dan,

Well the thread looks like its going very well, i go away for a week and have to catchup through 8 pages of posts! lol

I have attached a couple of charts i found interesting:

euraud:

I am currently short of the S&R area shown on the chart.

usdsgd:

Looking to short if price makes it up to 1.3450 area.

Thats all i can find that i would call treatable in the charts i monitor at the moment.

All comments welcome.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Already in that trade.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Wherefore hast thou forsaken us, oh great Commander?

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Lol! Hi guys, sorry it's taking a while to get back to you... I'm having a bit of a hectic week so far and haven't had the time to get back to this thread! I will return as soon as I can (hopefully I will be free as from tomorrow afternoon).

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Set your alarms this could be on the playbook today, 50% retrace of last rally

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Hi Dan the man,

It seems as though you have stolen my methods!

How you doin?

No need to ask about your set up, Re above. Love your crazy avator.

I wanted to ask you about your money management.

Long term position trading -Do you adhere to this general 2% risk rule per entry and what about the general rule of not having more than 30% on various trades at risk at any one time.

What is your outlook on risk reward ratio, when you have such long term hopes for the trades?

I often wonder if this 2% and 2:1R/R is really aimed at day and swing traders if so where does that leave us?

and - why you are you here? Not in a philosophical way, but what are you hoping to get from this thread?

Jason

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Hi MrCbee

Just thought I'd add my thoughts to your chart analysis. I see the recent move higher due to Japanise monetery intervention to support the JPY. The recent high bounced off daily resistance and a daily T/L which suggests to me that there are still sellers in the market at these levels. If I were to trade this (which I'm not), I would waite for the 50% fib to be broken and then retrace back upto that area for a short position back into the market in the direction of the daily trend. Sorry I can't post a chart but I'm at work at the moment

By the way Dan, great thread. I hope to learn lots

--- 帖子 #212 ---
The uptrend has officially resumed imho. Now I am looking to add to my position to get the most out of the trend.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Hi MrCBee,

If you aren't sure about a trend you have two options... the first is to stay away from it until price shows it's hand or you can look for a signal in either direction at sensible points of interest.

In your chart you have correctly identified the counter-trend trendline - if you look for key s/r levels and triggers at them (in conjunction with your use of trendlines/fib retracements etc) you will still be taking high probability setups but you will have to be a little more careful with your trade management.

I shall post a chart showing what I would consider to be areas of interest and price is currently pushing up through one of these areas (near 85.00) and ideally I would wait for price to move further up and then come back to retest this level before entering long.

I would note also that I do have a long trade on from the lower s/r level but that would be a counter-trend position which I do not advocate just yet - I would like us to focus on with trend entries for the time being.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Hello EricOutDaRed,

In response to your questions...

1. Yes, when price is trending down we are waiting for price to retrace back upwards to a support/resistance level to look for a selling opportunity.

2. In that particular example I was just trying to show that an uptrend showing on an H4 chart might seem like the prevailing trend but in fact it was just a retracement in the daily trend. In that example we could have traded the H4 charts up whilst waiting for the daily trend to resume however I would prefer it if we all stay with the daily timeframe and trading with the trend only for the time being.

Hope that helps to clear things up! Please feel free to continue asking questions though if it doesn't!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Hello again,

Thank you - I'm glad I've been able to help!

To some extent so long as you are taking good setups at high probability locations your interpretation of the trend does not have to be spot on. Of course I am not saying you should take any trade regardless... the aim is to be in the trend so that our trades have the highest chance of survival but you don't have to get too obsessed with being right all the time - in most cases price will show you the way and the more you trade this way the easier such interpretation becomes.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Hi Peter,

Hopefully most of your questions have been answered by my other posts.

With regards to the "peaks and troughs" though - the best way to view them is to zoom your chart out as far as it goes. It's a visual thing only, there are no real rules to it - just like anything else, the more you do it the better you get.

Sorry I can't really offer any more guidance than that - but trust me that it gets easier with practice and the thing to remember is that if a particular chart is not clear move on to another currency, one that is clearer to you!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Hi gododdin,

It is the break of the most recent lower high (in a down trend) that confirms the change of direction (as per amended attachment).

However this does not yet involve key s/r levels... I am also looking at the key levels (that you and I discussed in some earlier posts) to gauge whether or not the trend is changing - this is perhaps the most important test.

If for example the most recent lower high breaks just before hitting a key level I will wait to see what happens at that level - if it holds then I would assume the downtrend will continue but if it breaks I will look for price to move higher and then come back to retest the level. If the retest fails then this is where the trend change is confirmed.

Hope that makes sense!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Hello lite27,

1 hour charts are not really applicable to my trading strategy but you are right, the levels help.

Live trading examples will take place in the future but I am not looking to turn this thread into a signal service. It will be for anyone who wants to post/discuss potential setups so if you have something you want to discuss please post a chart and we can all have a look.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hi kdee1,

Yes I draw my trendlines using the lows in an uptrend and the highs in a downtrend.

With regards to s/r levels... first problem is you are looking at an H4 chart and I would prefer it if we stuck to daily for the time being. Now to identify the key levels of s/r the best thing to do is zoom your charts out and even move up to the weekly timeframe to see things clearly. It is these "key" levels that we are interested in trading from because they offer the highest probability of a successful trade. The use of trendlines and fib retracements are guides only to the best/most likely level to look to trade from.

You are right... sometimes s/r levels do fall around the xx50 levels as well as the xx00 levels and they are not always at "big round numbers" - but they often are!

Try what I suggest above about really zooming out to identify s/r levels and see if that helps - if it doesn't please feel free to ask more questions - the purpose is to learn after all!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Agreed!

--- 帖子 #221 ---
all very nice, but when will the bleeding critter retrace to allow us to enter?

--- 帖子 #222 ---
DanUK thank you for your effort in sharing your method!

What do you think about this Eur/chf? How do we approach this situation? This is probably on your watch list? (if i missed something about this in the thread i apologize)

--- 帖子 #223 ---
touch trade long at 3300? anyone?

--- 帖子 #224 ---
I am also looking towards that area for possible long

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Yes i entered abit higher at 3320 earlier today.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Hi guys,

Yes I would agree that 1.3300 area is worth watching but I would prefer it if we didn't discuss "touch trades" for the time being please... if you get a good candlestick setup though please feel free to post it!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Good point, sorry Dan won't happen again

--- 帖子 #228 ---
This is a great thread and it fleshes out for me some of the questions I had about the trading style of Sam Seiden who is my hero.

You have a lot of similar points and I love it.

Re post 219: in your illustration of the breakout of the lower high to confirm a trend change, are you believing the confirmation when it happens on a daily or bigger frame or would you believe it on a 4H?

Thanks for sharing your ideas; they are excellent.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
im lucky i got in with a break above the consolidation at 2950 also i beleive we will see a pullback between today and mid next week to allow us to enter.

This is where it gets tricky as to how deep do you allow it to retrace to before we enter again? That where i want your opinion Dan.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
gah, lost going short eurusd, was thinking the long term down move was continuing after this small retrace. anyway losers happen . im actually thinking of making a permanent hedge plan to try and ride trends with less drawdown on open pnl, instead of scaling out

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Hello Dan,

I have another question that may seem vague and broad. How long do you typically hold your trades with this strategy?

For instance, do you profit 3,4,5 months on a 6 month trend or 1,2,3 weeks on a 2 month trend using daily charts? This would help me better define trends. Same question for H4 charts.

Thanks in advance Dan,

Eric

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Hi Dan,

EUR/CHF looks like approaching a major S/R area at 1.3100 Would you enter this trade once that area has broken through? Providing there is other confluence. A chart would better show this, if I get a chance later I will get a chart up.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Nice to see you back Dan. Can't beat the trend trading. Simplicity rules. Reading an excellent book on trend trading, 'Trend Following'  by Michael Covel. Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Hi GJP

Just my take on EURCHF but i think a perfect entry would have been 1.3350 at the 50% fib area with some S&R and yes i would be watching when price hit 1.3050 - 1.3100 area. But i like a bargain

--- 帖子 #235 ---
I loved that book

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Hi Dan - I think I'm getting it now!  One thing still puzzles me though - if you add to a position because the trend is continuing, how do you manage the multiple stops?  Do you move the initial stop up to match the second position stop and so on, so that you can then manage them as one stop effectively, or do you manage them separately (seems a bit messy).

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Hi gododdin,

I'm not Dan but i believe he uses only one stop which is far enough away as to hopefully never get hit, just in case of emergency if he can not get to his pc. Then i think he progressively moves the stop with the trend (one SL price for all entries) but again looking to manually stop a trade if the trend changes instead of waiting for the stop loss to be hit.

Only my interpretation of the trading style.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
H4 cadchf looks like a beauty short

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Thanks Bez - I figured that was the way - it could get very complicated otherwise!

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Hi dmuk,

Apologies for my slow response... I'm still catching up!!

Yes I prefer to trade with the trend only... there are times when a counter-trend trade might be placed but they are very rare and I plan to talk about them later if it becomes of interest.

With regards to the AUD/CAD and AUD/USD - I prefer to wait for price to pullback to a s/r level and then enter after the formation of bullish PA. I use trendlines (or channels if you prefer) and the fib retracement tool to help guide me to the most likely s/r level and then wait for a trigger (candlestick pattern) to enter off.

Hope that makes sense!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Thanks! I haven't been called Dannyboy since I was in school lol!!

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Hi Entropy,

My 2009 trading was very agressive and I think I was very lucky that year too. I made a very high % return that year but I don't think I would have been so agressive with entries this year (I think this comes as the account balance goes up I have become more conservative with my trades).

So if I were to compare just GBP/USD and EUR/USD at the end of this year I would probably find that as a % I would have made less but as I am able to trade a wide range of pairs using this strategy I will probably make more (especially from the Euro crosses). The most important thing though is my trading is much more relaxed now - I used to check up on my trades constantly throughout the day and was adjusting my stops etc... now I let a trade go and pretty much forget about it. For me, that makes trading so much easier and more enjoyable. Especially when you are building a long term position and you can just check up now and then and (hopefully) see the pips stacking up over time... it's a nice feeling!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Hi Peter,

Hopefully this isn't considered "commercial" or "promotional" but I have used prorealtime (google it if you don't know it). It is a commercial product but you can use a free version of it.

It has some good features and can list currencies or stocks etc that are near trendlines, breaking out from trendlines, s/r, triangles etc.

However, I don't use it for that. I prefer to do my own analysis and trendlines are only part of the setup - the most important part is picking good s/r levels to trade from and the best way to do that is using the good old human eye!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi bez3000,

Good eye! Both good levels to trade from.

EUR/AUD is back up to the 1.4000 so I imagine you probably got taken out at breakeven on this one (or partial profit if that's your thing!) - I've been watching for a trigger to short at this level but so far nothing convincing. The daily chart has now formed an inside bar but it is a bullish close above 1.4000 that makes it less convincing. Still, a break below may well signal another move south.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Hi bez30000,

I would agree that the Euro trend is up at the moment. It's the only currency pair that I still touch trade and I have a couple of longs on at the moment - although, as I mentioned probably best to avoid talking about those types of trades for the time being!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Hi Jason,

The crazy avatar - my little dedication to one of my favourite bands!

I agree with what you are saying about risk/reward. I think that is generally for people who are trading shorter term and who need to factor in a risk weighting that will allow a string of loosing trades to develop.

With this strategy, being a long term positioning method, risk to reward is somewhat different. Once learned, you are highly unlikely to have a string of loosing trades - there will be a couple and there will be a lot that breakeven but due to the fact that we are trading long term they are spaced out and other positions that are in profit tend to hedge those losses (in a way).

With regards to % risk per trade - I think this comes down to your own comfort level. 1 or 2% is good because it is psychologically easy to risk; but someone who has traded this way for sometime and is confident in their abilities could quite happily put on 5 or 10% per trade, so long as they are being "picky" in choosing high probability setups. Please note though, newbies should stick to "demo" trading only and never risk more than 1 or 2% in the beginning!

Now on to the hard question... why am I here? Well I actually found FF to be quite a good place to help me learn technical analysis and I wanted to be a part of that for other guys. I have studied TA for quite a few years now and have finally developed my own set of skills that have made me profitable over the last couple of years and despite what cynics might suggest - I am happy to try and help other aspiring traders to make it too. There are a lot of snake oil salesmen out there and I wanted to create a thread that people could come to learn to trade without that worry.

My second reason is that I wanted to create a thread where like minded traders could discuss potential setups and trading opportunities. This is something that I did on my earlier thread but I never really outlined the strategy. Eventually I would like this thread to evolve into discussing other possible setups including stocks and commodities etc and a group of traders looking for possible setups must be better than one!

Finally, have you ever noticed that when you talk to your friends or family about trading they kind of glaze over and give you a blank expression that says "what the hell are you on about"? Happens to me all the time! Same when I talk about politics actually lol! Anyway, it's good to be able to talk about trading to other people who are of a similar mind!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Hi fxlan,

EUR/CHF is a bit erratic - it has fairly big swings which probably makes it one of the harder pairs to trade if you are new to it (sorry if you aren't... just a general statement).

However, the s/r level around 1.3300 and the 50% retracement seems to be holding at the moment but if it doesn't I will look to 1.3500 for a possible setup south.

Hope that helps!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Hi Scarlett,

Thanks for the compliment! I have seen a couple of the Sam Seiden videos that are floating around about support and resistance and they make a lot of sense to me!

Yes, I am really looking for the breakout/confirmation to take place on the daily (or higher) time frames. I do use H4 for entries but not for analysis (but I would prefer it if we all kept to the dailies only for now).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Hi bboyomega83,

It depends on the situation. In most cases I am looking for a reasonable discount to enter... so a pullback to around the 50% level is ideal. However, there are times when price breaks through a key s/r level and then retests it... this often produces a smaller retracement but in combination with a good candlestick setup still produces a good trade.

Clear as mud?

Hopefully it makes some sense but generally speaking a bigger retracement is better because it normally means your trade will have more room to move before you need to get to breakeven.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #250 ---
That's an interesting idea and something I have thought about too. I haven't actually done it but may do some testing. Let me know what happens.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Hi Eric,

First of all let me say that generally I am looking at the same thing whether I am using H4 or Daily charts. The analysis is still done off the daily charts - which is why I am suggesting everyone avoids the H4 timeframe for now, until they have a clear understanding of how this works!

With regards to the length of time... it depends on the currency pair. I will basically be looking to hold on for as long as I can. It wouldn't be uncommon to hold onto trades for six months or more.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Hi GJP,

A chart may help but I think what you are saying is that if it breaks under this level - will I look to sell? The answer would be no - I would be concerned about price running into the 1.3000 level. What I would be looking for is a bearish candlestick setup higher up... say 1.3500 would be of interest to me.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Hi Porkpie,

Thanks! I haven't read the book but trend trading is definitely the way to go imho!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Hi gododdin,

You are right... managing multiple stops would be a lot of hard work! bez3000 answered you correctly (thank you bez) - I tend to manage them all as if they were one. And as bez mentioned, I tend to use a hard stop as a disaster stop... incase for some reason (that I don't want to speculate about lol) I couldn't trade - I have hard stops in place to prevent any major damage and take profit if applicable. But I tend to close manually as and when I see fit! This is one part of the method that takes a bit of work... exits maketh the man!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Hi TGpop,

I'm not seeing a short? Care to post a chart... although I would prefer it if we kept to dailies for now please!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Ok I think I have caught up with the Q+A. If I missed anyone out, I apologise - it wasn't on purpose; please ask again!

I am going to go over my old posts and see where we are but I think I have explained the bulk of it. If anyone has anything else that isn't clear please feel free to ask.

I do just want to go over the H4/Daily thing one more time though.

All my analysis is done on a daily or higher time frame... so all my support/resistance levels, swing analysis etc is done on the higher time frames.

I am then looking for a trigger (candlestick patterns etc) on the Daily charts for an entry. This is where I would like us to stay.

I do also use H4 signals for entries but they would be at the same levels I am looking at for a Daily chart signal. However, for the time being let's keep to Daily charts only please. They are more reliable and much better for learning - only once you are profitable trading the dailies should you consider taking entries from the H4 charts.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #257 ---
I will leave a little space now if there are any more questions or anything that isn't clear please ask.

Other than that though I think we are about ready to start posting some possible trade setups.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Looking forward to it Dan, let's get some charts up as I think a chart is worth it's weight in gold when learningto trade for everyone.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
quote=DanUK;4048250]I will leave a little space now if there are any more questions or anything that isn't clear please ask.

Other than that though I think we are about ready to start posting some possible trade setups.[/quote]
lookin forward to them Dan

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Dan regarding your live trading..if you look over it from 2009 until now do you end up having more BE trades and small losses and HUGE winners or what have you noticed about the percentages of those 3 groups?

Personally in my trading i tend to see alot of BE trades and a handful of small losses and BIG winners.

Now on the topic of moving to BE. If your in a trade and it goes in your direction enough for you to move to BE but then reverses and takes you out at BE would you get back in at the same price, or more specifically where would you tend to get back in.  Because when i get taken out at BE i start thinking that we might be fluctuating around that price and i am unsure if to get back in or wait for a breakout of the high to get back. If it does prove to start ranging then i can be taken out alot at BE or losses. How many time would you allow for that if you do decide to get back in?

--- 帖子 #261 ---
On my EUR daily chart analysis i see 2 opportuities to get into the EUR uptrend. Remember this is just my opinion:

1) Red arrow: The daily bar ended friday as a BUOB with a strong close near the high of the bar and at a swing high. I will play this as a continuation trade going with the trend if it breaks above the bar at 1.3500.

2) The black box: This is where I see support, around the 1.3300 area. That being said if market comes to that area i would put my order above it so it will pick me up when it resumes the trend. Also it lines up exactly where the original trenline runs through.

So once again I will let the market decides what it is going to do and I will react and watch closely early of next week.

Dan and anyone else I welcome your opinion and thoughts.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
well i just think we've got a nice daily/H4 trend going,  trendline looks like a good shorting opportunity. i should add that i look at support and resistance but candlestick patterns don't come into my trading at all lol

--- 帖子 #263 ---
actually i am long cadchf at the moment, and i have a sell limit about the 50 ema (black)

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Hi Dan,

Thanks for sharing your system! It is really quite amazing and is so similar to the way that I have been slowly learning.

I have just two questions for now.

1: Which pairs do you look at?

2: How many pips spread is the max that you would consider when looking at a pair?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #265 ---
" If anyone has anything else that isn't clear please feel free to ask."

I want to be precise about this:

Exactly how and where do you draw your fibs.

I can see so many ways of drawing fibs that I have avoided them altogether.

Show us where you start and in which direction you draw them and so forth.

It seems like an easy thing to understand but it can get complex depending on which swing you start with and in which direction.

For the sake of example, would you please do it on the EURGBP?

Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Thanks Dan for the reply.

I have posted a small update to the AUD/CAD charts posted last week.

AUD/CAD:

- The pair continued it's movement up.

- There were some consolidating (inside) bars forming on 15/16 Sept. The price moved up above these earlier highs. The 20th saw a more convincing break upwards also towards the upper channel trend line.

- What would the price have needed to do to show you an entry?

- Or is it the fact this still below a significant trend line making a less attractive trade?

I guess I am trying to determine why this trade was not suitable. I am thinking it is because the current activity in not in a "area of interest" and therefore represents a lower probability trade or not enough of a discount for entry?

I haven't posted the AUD/USD update because the price action has been similar to the CAD.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
i would assume this trade would not be suitable becuase it is a bullish signal into an upper trendline resistance area.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Danuk and others. what do you think of this setup ?

E/U

50% retracement / 61.8% Fib.E

1.3500 Round number

Outside bar

Play as a continuation ? Although price hasnt actually closesd above all these levels yet.

Dan

btw forget about all the red lines on my chart

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Anybody looking at Cad/Jpy. 82.00 looks like a major S/R area on the weekly. Formed a inside bar at this level on the weekly. Play a break either side ? Whats your opinion ?

Weekly

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Daily

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Hi

I think I can I see what you see.

To me the trend is not down, rather up. However, we really are at an interresting price level.

As you said + what I can see:

50% level

round number of 1.35

It is actually a 61.8% level of another down swing on daily

Additionally it is 61.8% extention level

There is a GAP to the left on my chart. That could hold a bit at least.

So I have 5 things coming all together. Pretty good to me.

This market has been quite upwards for a while, it may as well retrace just at this level. I do not know whether it will though.

It could be a short term short play but could be better a long play with the trend as soon as the retracement seems to be exhausted at an adequatly interesting level. This is a trend trading thread after all.

Where it could be exhausted: around 1.3 already. Or around 1.29 Or at some totally other level.

Another possible tscenario to me is a clear break out to north from this level. I find this less likely as the previous one as I see this level as realy strong. But if it goes through, as soon as it retraces back around here this area could possibly turn into a pretty solid support zone. A long from here would be cool.

Wish you good luck for next week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #271 ---
I wrote about my opinion of the EUR earlier in this thread here http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4048502&postcount=263

one of my opinions is in line with yours

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Yep im thinkin the same thing ... DanUK, what are your thoughts ?

--- 帖子 #273 ---
For me the EU trend is also up. I can see the 61.8% for shorting but for me this is not the way sentiment is going to push this pair. I think the downtrend was violated quite some time ago even from the weekly perspecive, but thats just me.

So with all of that in mind I am in the market looking for some long opportunitites.

I also like the look of the AUD/USD, just looking for a pull back to the ideally the 92 area but if not the 94 area could also work.

Opportunities also showing on the GBP/CHF and AUD/CAD.

What do you guys think?

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Hi Dan:

Thanks for starting this thread. I really appreciate your style of teaching, and willingness to do so.  I kept up with your Trend Trading thread, but I never got to the point of demoing the strategy because I was over my head trying to learn the James16 Price Action strategies.

In the James16 thread, the seniors always say that the candlestick size should be similar to the preceding bars in the recent trend.  Do you factor in the size of the trigger bars and the surrounding bars in your analysis?

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Hi guys,

I will be back later to answer all questions... but just wanted to say I'm not keen on trading upwards at a swing high... generally I would be looking for bullish engulfing bars to form at a s/r level on a pullback. Getting in at the high is a less probable entry - especially when price has moved in one direction for some time without a pullback (as the E/U has recently).

Of course price could continue steaming upwards but for me it is not stacking the odds enough in our favour.

Ask yourself if you are looking for a signal for the sake of getting in or are you looking at a signal that genuinely fits your plan?

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #276 ---
the AUDUSD bullish outside bar you took - isn't this countertrend as price had just made a huge move down?

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Dan,

The additional positions you took, I have circled the ones which I think you took - are these correct?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #278 ---
so where are you looking for price to pullback to so you can get back in?

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Hi Dan are we at an area of interest on GBPUSD?

Daily S+R + 0.786 Fib + Trendline

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Hi bboyomega83,

I would say the same as your answer... quite a lot of breakeven trades, a few losses and a few wins. This is where the men will separate from the boys - in having the patience for the right trade and the wins... but when you have the patience the wins are big!

If price took out my trade at breakeven I would continue to look for another entry at s/r as per the normal rules - I would only stop if price showed that the trend had changed. Generally speaking though this doesn't happen much when trading dailies (which is why I want to stay clear of the lower time frames for now as whipsaw trades happen with much less frequency on daily charts).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Guys sorry I've got to run - my little boy is unwell and wants his dad! Will have to come back later to continue my replies

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Hi Dan

Thank you for jumping in. I totally agree with you on your position on EU. It is like a stretched rope ready to regain some of its revious condition.

Yes, it can go further up but it is less risky to buy it on a pull back.

I really hope that your boy is getting better.

take care

Z

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Hey Dan, First off i hope your son feels better soon, and second, i was just wondering what your total pips (roughly) was for last year ?. I know its not really important but i just want a general idea of how trend trading performs.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Dan , I include a weekly chart to show the 50% fib level at 1.3500 area from the highs of 11/29/2009. This would appear to me to be a good area to sell, if the trend is still down. Why not be looking for candles that will show the start of a new move down, & resuming a trend on a longer term basis? (please excuse the trendline showing from a shorter time frame that got included)

Shotshell

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Hi PipRiderFX,

No problem, it's a nice, easy going trading method which is why I like it!

Answers to your questions...

1. I follow about 25 pairs, all the major crosses (USD/CHF/GBP/EUR/JPY/AUD/CAD) - I would stick with the majors and avoid exotics as there are plenty of opportunities to trade with these.

2. Spread isn't a major factor to me... I think the largest spread on the pairs I follow is about 6-8 pips, but that's a small price to pay on a 500/1000+ pip profit!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Hi Scarlett,

I tend to "fib" the most recent engulfing swing in the direction of the trend and I quite often draw them in conjunction with trendlines. For example, chart 1 is one view of the EUR/GBP using the outer trendline (assuming you believe the trend is down).

Now, just like with support and resistance there are times when you can draw more than one fib retracement. Chart 2 is a different view on the EUR/GBP... if I were looking to go long on this pair; I would be looking at this fib retracement.

Hope that helps.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Hi dmuk,

The basic rule for me is that if I am looking to go long I will be waiting for price to pull back to support. If I am looking to go short I will be waiting for price to pull back to resistance.

So in this example, AUD/CAD is not of interest to me because we are trading at a high. A good example of how I prefer to trade took place just a couple of days before (the 7th) where price had got above the 0.9500 level, pulled back to retest and formed a lovely bullish outside bar.

Hope that makes things clearer!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Hi dan89,

I was looking for a sell in that area but didn't get a trigger!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Hi Location,

I don't think that applies so much to my trading. I would say if you were taking a counter trend trade then the size of the bar would be more important. Whilst a good sized bar is a better signal it is not essential to me - the most important factor is that it is at a significant location (and of course it is with the trend!).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Hi Pirabuji,

I had been selling before that but in my opinion price had rejected support around 0.8200 and moved higher up above 0.8500 before retracing back down and forming a bullish signal on the retracement - closing above the next level of s/r at 0.8500. That suggested to me that the uptrend was taking over again.

Please note that there is a difference though between entering near the beginning of a new trend once it has started to establish itself and picking tops or bottoms.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Or, is price moving off of the 50% of the even longer uptrend...?

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Hi Dan,

Thanks for your response but I'm still a little confused :S

Example in a downtrend if price rejects a key support area and forms a new higher higher would you consider the downtrend to be over? Or is it just your intuition?

On the recent EURGBP charts you have just posted, you have plotted fibs both ways, now price was mainly in a downtrend but has just made a new higher high, does this mean you will look for entries both sides and if you get a trigger bar which points in a direction you will take it? Or do you have a bias?

The AUDCAD chart you posted with the BUOB at 0.9500 was that a BE trade for you? Price approached the top of the swing high, I've read before this is the point or a key resistance area where you get to BE, if that's the case price retraced and would have closed at BE?

Thanks,

P

--- 帖子 #293 ---
True Dan. It would appear that my inquiry is moot now with the price having broken out over the 1.35 area fairly strongly.

Shotshell

--- 帖子 #294 ---
hi,

i'm new to this thread, juz finished reading the whole thread & wish to ask Dan how do we define whether the trend is UP or DOWN when it comes to the situation below?

For GU, the trend has been up, & then fall like hell, & now we can see that it's making higher high...so how would u define such situation? would u consider it as uptrend or downtrend?

sorry for the noob question...

happy always....

goldenfishie

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Hi Dan - I took the exact trade that you point out here and have since moved stop to BE - now waiting to see what happens and 'sitting on my hands'  resisting the temptation to take 400+ pips.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Dan can you give me your opinion on my charts below, i have marked possible entry areas with the arrows.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Dear Dan, where do you see the most rliable support in euro/usd pair where price probably would bounce after retracement? I try to find an enter point in the euro trend,but can not find. Thank you,

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Hi Bez - I'm far from being an expert, but those levels mostly match my own.  I was fortunate in getting into the AUD/CAD on the previous (7 Sept) pullback so I'm waiting for a retrace any day now.  If it goes back to the level you have marked or thereabouts I will be looking to add to my position based on PA at that level.  No doubt Dan will have more to say.

Cheers, G

--- 帖子 #299 ---
I think a retrace to the .9800 level will be likley before a bounce up.What do you guys think  ?

Weekly
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Daily
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Possibly but i will be in slightly higher around .9850 i think as this is the area price stalled on its way up.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Yes Dan89, Bez marked 9876 I think, and I guess you could either round that up or down. On my charts, having looked at the monthly, weekly and daily, I chose to round it down to 9800 which is exactly as you say. Remember that these are areas anyway so I will be looking for a retracement to that general location.

Cheers, G

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Hi Dan,

Just a quick question, in your previous thread you seemed to be more interested in a trade if it pulled back to at least the 50% fib level although on a few of your examples you show entries that don't seem to even pull back to the 38%. Does this mean that you are now less interested in the fib levels and more interested in Support and resistance or have I misunderstood something?

Other than that I have read the thread a few times and it all seemts to be really logical, the only remaining questions I have are to do with your exits.

When you have time do you think you could go over your trade management a bit more? When you move your stop to be, how you progress your stop during the life of the trade etc?

Thanks again for all of your help!

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Hi,

Good eye! There was one more daily position though that I took from a shooting star off s/r in the 1.3800 area as shown in my attached chart. All pretty simple/obvious trades right!?

Also, that final position you circled I actually took from a lower time frame which is why I haven't mentioned it here (trying to keep to dailies for the moment).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Hi Pirabuji,

Yes this is definitely a strong area on G/U. My personal preference though would be to see price get above this level and then come back to retest it and fail... sending price higher (which is where I would be buying).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Hi Zol,

Thank you for your well wishes. He's getting better now thankfully... last couple of nights he's had me up a lot so I could do with a rest lol!

I thought we were going to get a pullback on the Euro to at least 1.3500 today - a place where I would have added, but it seems to be continuing up at the moment! Still, a retrace is due soon I should think!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Hi dan89,

Thank you too for your kind words. Last year I wasn't trading with such long term goals, I was mainly trading off H4 charts and taking hundreds of pips at a time as opposed to thousands so it wouldn't really be suitable to compare that here. I did however keep a journal of my trades during 2009 here on Forex Factory so you can check out the results in my journal if you want.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Hi Pirabuji,

Your first question takes us into the slightly more advanced topic of counter trend trading which I would like to try and avoid for the moment. I would say however that yes, in these instances where the trend could be turning I do take positions in either direction so long as they are good signals at good locations. But for now I would prefer if we stick with taking trend based trades only.

Yes you are correct that A/C trade closed out at breakeven for me. I am glad to note though that a fellow trend trader who posts here is still in on that move.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Hi Shotshell,

It does seem that way. My chart really was just meant to highlight the many different possibilities and angles that could be taken - which is why I tend to follow the trend that is shown on the daily charts (in the formation of higher highs/lows or lower highs/lows) rather than trading the "possible" longer term reversals.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Hi goldenFishie,

That's ok... noob questions are welcome!

It is very easy to get confused as to which trend to follow... which is where I try and keep my trading very simple and base it on my analysis of the daily charts (although I use weekly/monthly for s/r levels etc).

In an uptrend the daily chart should show a pretty obvious set of higher highs and higher lows. In a downtrend the daily chart should show a pretty obvious set of lower highs and lower lows. If the chart you are looking at doesn't really stand out to you move on to something that is clearer until you find it easier to understand.

If that explanation doesn't help let me know and I will post a chart instead!

Regards,

Dan

PS... I like your s/r levels!

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Congratulations! I hope it makes it up past 1.0000 and continues upwards for you!

Although, the 1.0000 level holds strong psychological resistance and may prove hard to break though... if price stalls don't panic; just continue to analyze and take your time before you do anything with your trade! At worst you will come out at breakeven but hopefully you are sitting in on a bigger move upwards.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Hi bez3000,

These are all good looking charts... you seem to be searching out some very logical points to look for entries into the trend.

I think with regards to the EUR/USD I would also consider the possibility of 1.3500 and AUD/USD I would consider the possibility of 0.9500. The good thing though is that price will normally guide you with a good entry signal/trigger when it reaches the right level.

Keep up the good work!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Good reply!

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Hello lite27,

The most reliable place to enter is at key support and resistance levels (the horizontal lines that I plot).

The best way to locate these levels is to look at a weekly chart and pick the levels that really stand out.

If you need help with this I would be happy to guide you further but I would ask that you post a chart of what you have and then I can see where you are at.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Another good reply! This is what I would have answered had it not been already been said... it's an area to look for a signal - not a "to the pip" line.

This is where using candlestick patterns to enter off helps because it confirms the level for you... obviously you need to know where to be looking but no can no for sure exactly what will hold and what won't!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Hi PipRiderFX,

Getting a discount is still important to me and is the reason I still look at these levels but I have always said that when a key s/r level gets in the way of that it is the s/r level that takes precedence over the fib levels.

To be honest there is not a lot more I can say about my trade management. Generally speaking I try to be as relaxed as I can about my positions... once they are at breakeven I will sit back and allow the market to show me the way... at the point where I am adding to already successful trades I will look to move my earlier positions into profit but only as an exercise in disaster management as opposed to trade management. If for some reason I was unable to get to my charts and price was going wildly against me I would like to ensure that I take at least something out of the market.

But mostly I will keep the stops far enough away so they don't stop me out on the general swings that take place in the market. And I tend to close my positions out manually when I deem the trend to be changing.

That's about all there is to it - but if you do have anything in particular you would like to ask about trade management please feel free and I will do my best to elaborate.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Hey Dan, i just wanted to say thanks for taking the time to respond to all the individual posts. Its really helping out the newbies like myself. Thanks

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Hi Dan, great helpful thread you have here, and you are very relaxed in your approach, which is good for the people who join in.

On the eu chart you entered off the s/star at 1.3800. Why did you not enter at the big bearish bar a few days earlier ( white arrow )?

It was off the 1.3800 RN, S/R, it engulfed the previous ten days price movement, to me it indicated a very strong resumption of trend, but it wasn't. It quickly went back to 1.3800.

So how do you decide which PA's to take and which to leave?

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Hi Dan,

Thanks for the answer. So let me try to summarize my understanding and you can tell me if it is right or not :-)

When you enter a trade your stop is located at the other side of the signal candle that got you in. So the extreme if you like.

Then you move your stop to break even once price reaches a level that could pose as an issue to break. You then generally leave your stop at break even until you get another entry signal at which point you may take the new entry and also move the stop from break even to where your new stop would be placed which one would assume again is at the extreme of the signal candle?

Finally you exit all positions when the trend changes? Is that all about right?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Hey, im still new at this but my guess is that the bearish bar is not one of Dan's 'triggers'/PA. but the Shooting Star/Pin bar is. Also price tends to retest major S/R levels after it has broken though. To me the bearish bar doesnt really indicate a potential trade. On my chart that bearish bar's body does not engulf the previous bar.  Again, im still new at this so you should wait for Dan to reply with his thoughts.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Yeah good points, but price had broken thru a few days earlier, and retraced to the s/r level, so that bearish bar was a continuation after a break- thru and pull-back.

On Dan's chart that bearish bar not only engulfs the previous bar but most of the previous ten days bars.

As for trigger pa's, yeah I to don't know what Dan look's for either, that's why I'm asking.

Thanks for your help. After all the shit flying around FF, it is nice to be part of a friendly helpful thread.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Great thread and thanks for your thoughtful and patient input and coaching.  Hope your son is better.  What part of the UK do you hail from (I'm English but resident in Brisbane Australia now).   Earlier on you answered a more philosophical question by saying (in essence) you had gained a lot from this site and you wanted to give back.  I was wondering if you wouldn't mind sharing some of the chaps who helped you to come to this style of trading (and as always you have of course added your own nuances for which we are grateful).

Alex

--- 帖子 #322 ---
thanks for ur answer, dan. I also thought of maybe juz stay aside until i see a clearer trend in GU..Well, there are so many pairs out there...

another question please...if the price retrace back to the level u r waiting for..would u juz enter the trade at that level or u wait for a confirmed candle & enter at a price which is slightly higher or lower than the level?

cheers...& have a nice day...

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Dan,

May I ask u ur opinion about this eurchf pair?

the weekly shows that the trend is currently down while the daily too giving the same info. Would u consider to short it if an inside bar (or any of the confirmed candle) form around that 50% fib area tomorrow?

cheers...

regards,

goldenfishie

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Hi Goldenfishie - sure looks like a high probability trade to me.   Trend is definitely down, I have S/R at around 1.33 and that fib is being hit on the button.  My only concern would be that price hasn't reached the trendline yet.  I will be looking for appropriate PA before considering an entry.  Also price seems to be undecided which way to go at present.  See what Dan thinks...

Cheers, G

--- 帖子 #325 ---
hi gododdin,

ur concern is as good as mine...i juz worry if the price isn't ready to fall yet.

I juz found that 1.33 could be a level that hold some weight as the price retested it for several times. pls c the chart below...

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Hi guys,

Just a quick reply about the EUR/CHF (will do other replies later today)... whilst I do believe we are at an area of interest, price so far hasn't given me any indication that it is heading back down. I wouldn't be surprised if price moved up from here but I will watch for price to signal what it might be doing (by way of candlestick setup).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #327 ---
On the other hand this can be regarded as a new bull trend making HHs/HLs as shown on the attached chart

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Dan can you help me with determining when a trade is forming, what i mean is from an area of consolidation when do you decide this will start trending now so i will enter on a pull back.

I have attached a chart to show what i mean.

usdcad was consolidating in the blue box then started trending, what would have made you enter?

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Dan what do you think of a possible long at 1.3850 area? Possibly the start of a bull trend????

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Hi Bez,

In my opinion I would say a safer more discounted price would be a retest of the previous resistance between 1.3650-1.3700.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Hey Dan, i know you get a lot of questions but i was wondering if you could post the pairs that you are currently looking at that are at 'areas of interest' or near areas of interest without actually posting the chart. Just post the names  e.g. NZD/USD. That way i can test myself and see if i can get to the same conclusion as you. ?

Dan

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Hi Dan,

Newbie here. Apologies if already asked. I hear a lot of traders say risk no more than 2-2.5% max on anyone trade. So, If I were to risk 2% of my acct per trade, that would mean approx $100 risk per $5,000 , $200 risk per $10,000 in Acct size etc . As an example, if I put my SL just beyond a pin Bar and its $80 away, and im trading a mini acct with 10K that would mean trading up to a max of 3 lots ($240)for that one trade? Is that how you look at your initial SL? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Hi Sjr

That is pretty much the way I do it and from what I understand Dan is similar. Let's say there is an uptrend and a nice retracement to 50% of the last upswing, followed by an outside bar. I place my buy order 12 pips above the high of the OB with a stop loss 12 pips below the low of the OB. I'm then able to calculate the size of position I can afford. Personally I don't go over 2% so in your case £240 would be a touch too steep for me but others trade 3, 4 or even 5% per trade!   I trade with Oanda so I'm able to tailor it pretty much exactly to 2% each time rather than thinking in lots.  Keeping to the low percentage will keep you in the game a lot longer whilst you are learning.

Hope that helps. By the way the figure of 12 pips has helped me a couple of times when price has come back to 10 or 11 pips below the low. I don't know if this is coincidence or 'stop hunting' but I offer it for what it's worth.

Cheers, G

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Hi Dan,

Please can you review the attached weekly charts and tell me if I'm plotting the areas on interest correctly? Are there any you would have missed of or are they any that I've missed off?

Thank you,

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Hi dan89,

Good to know, thank you!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hi Four Kids,

On my feed that bar wasn't a bearish engulfing bar or a bearish outside bar. Also, rather than being short from a swing high, you would have been short near the low (indicated by the small blue line on my chart). This means you wouldn't have far to run before the trade came into potential trouble. However, if I had taken that trade I would have moved to breakeven once price stalled at the next s/r zone (indicated by the thick blue line on my chart).

The trade I did eventually take was right at the high of that congestion area that developed over those couple of weeks and had more breathing room - which gives the trade a higher chance of success.

Hope that clears things up!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Yeah, that clears it up, Thanks.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
hey DanUK....nice going.  Just a request, could you please elaborate on this with some 3 or 4 charts, i have gone through the thread and i think this is one of the most important parts, for me that is, obviously with money management.........cheers...........and nice weekend all..........

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Hi PipRiderFX,

A's to your Q's in blue...

When you enter a trade your stop is located at the other side of the signal candle that got you in. So the extreme if you like.

Yes. Sometimes directly above it, sometimes a little further if I feel a little extra room might be needed.

Then you move your stop to break even once price reaches a level that could pose as an issue to break.

Yes.

You then generally leave your stop at break even until you get another entry signal at which point you may take the new entry and also move the stop from break even to where your new stop would be placed which one would assume again is at the extreme of the signal candle?

I do take the new position but the stop of my earlier position isn't necessarily moved at that point. I only move my stop to protect profit once I am sure price is far enough away that it will only get taken out once the trend changes, which leads on to...

Finally you exit all positions when the trend changes? Is that all about right?

You got it!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Hi Alex,

Thank you for your well wishes. He is much better now, thank you!

I'm from the South coast of England. Australia sounds nice, I would welcome some warmer weather right now!

There are a lot of guys here that I've learned things from (hopefully I have thanked them all at some point over the course of things). Some of the biggest influences have been from BillyRayValentine (support/resistance), Acumen and Eyevoltage (trading from an intraday perspective), james16 (learning to take great setups - not every setup), clockwork71 (the importance of higher timeframe s/r and learning to let trades run) and whilst I absolutely do not condone his alleged investment scam I actually owe a lot to Jacko's thread (although most of the thread is crap, arguing, mud slinging etc the first page sets out a nice simple way to view the market).

I think my trading style has developed as a result of different parts of all the methods taught by those guys.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Hi goldenFishie,

No, I would still wait for a signal to tell me that the level might hold.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Hi howard,

Yep that's a valid point of view. This comes on to the counter trend trading part of my method; I have short positions and I now have a long position on the EUR/CHF from the bullish outside/engulfing bar that formed on the 24th. My stop on this position is now at breakeven, so if price does get back into the longer term downtrend that position will just close for a 0. And if that happens hopefully I will get another signal to sell to add to those positions but if it doesn't and it is the start of a new trend I already have a position in the new trend and I can close my shorts for a profit.

Whilst this is not rocket science it is slightly more advanced than I want to go at the moment so I would appreciate it if everyone stuck to trend based entries for now.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Hi bez3000,

First of all, you can never know for sure... we're just looking for signals that indicate something might happen at a location that shows a high probability (based on historical data) that something will happen.

As for the USD/CAD - that's an easy one to answer as I can give you two examples of trades I actually took...

The first thing to note about it is strictly speaking this could be considered counter trend. But my analysis was that price was unable to break the major s/r level around 1.3000 after spending almost half a year trying to!

Price had broken through the trendline that I was looking at and then came back up (retraced) 50% of the move down and formed a nice looking shooting star off of the 1.2700 s/r level... I sold the break below.  Price then continued down before retracing back up, slightly past the 50% level and formed another nice looking shooting star off of the 1.2500 s/r level... I sold the break below this too. Back then I wasn't looking to hold long term positions so both of these trades closed for a few hundred pips profit but had I been looking to trade the way I do today I could have held onto them for at least 2000 pips.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #344 ---
DanUK, thanks for your , as always , courteous reply.  I have also (just today in fact) started to read pipEASY's thread "building an equity millipede" which to my way of thinking at the moment fits hand and glove to your teaching.  Between the two of you you have moved me off the short term thinking I have been using to trade and desperately chasing trades on the shorter term fluctuations to moving over to the long term way of building your trades and then your equity.  The crucial bit is picking the low risk entry points, master that as you have and then you should be on the way I would say.  Again thank your for your training.  I particularly like the wait before an answer as it gets me off my lazy butt and thinking and researching on my own.  I am reminded of the "Zen" silent answer technique.

Alex

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Thanks for all the hard work , subscribed.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Dan,

Great thread.
After many years trading short time frames I am now trading longer term and your thread is a breath of fresh air.

I have top and bottom picked doing every method possible without great success. Its just to dam hard and not consistent enough.

Enter trading with the trend... wow... what an idea... cant believe I have waited years to give it a go... as the saying goes "The tide lifts all boats..."

Anyway... I just wanted to say thanks.

I am not sure if you will like me adding a couple of things I have used and find a great help when identifying the trend and looking for confluence on entries but I rate them and thought it would be worth contributing, please ignore if they are not welcome.

I don't use ANY indicators.. just price action, I have studied Gann for years and found one of his tools very useful... "what has been will be again".

I use another fib tool..to measuring the last swing and current swing in the same direction. When it lines up with other key levels etc then it adds confluence to the level. I like to measure the last two retracements in the same direction.

Also on the chart is a trend tool which I find very good... looked at your entries and exits on the euro and the trend tool lined up perfectly. Great for identifying counter trend 4hr trades.. but I wont mention any more about that.

The trend tool was stolen and modified from
http://www.ibfx.com/Corporate/post/2...ce-Action.aspx

Did not like the way its was used etc... just liked the visual of the trend. I have played with other settings and Raghead has it perfect as standard.

Place the indicator on your chart then double click the line and you can move the points to suit.

GBPUSD did 50% of the last retracment short.

http://i982.photobucket.com/albums/a...dailychart.jpg

This is the Euro... 200% of the last retracment short...

http://i982.photobucket.com/albums/a...ROUSDdaily.jpg

Here is one for USDCHF... retracment was 100% of the last swing long... this is just another tool that might be of interest.

http://i982.photobucket.com/albums/a...SDCHFdaily.jpg

Sorry if I have added things which are not welcome... don't worry my next post wont be trying to design an EA...LOL... I don't believe in them!

Just to add there is also an alert for change from long to short etc... good for the unmentioned counter trend trades.

But great thread... you have 5stars from me!!!

PS please ignore the short term trade long on euro....as seen on the chart...some habits are hard to break when your bored...

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Very well explained Dan. thanks

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Hey Dan,

Thanks for the helpful thread on trading with the trend - certainly my favorite form of trading as well.

I am posting to ask if you would just provide a checklist of the ways you are assessing when the trend has/is finished. I'm thinking you probably have a list (mentally if not literally) of specific things that you are looking for to help you guage if a trend is done.

I am a private pilot and checklists have saved my life more times than I can count. I use them for preflight, pre-takeoff (end of runway runup), prior to entering the landing pattern and post flight. I have learned that checklists not only can save my life but also my trading account.

I have read through all 300+ posts and I do not see where this has been wrapped up in a summary. Could you do that for those of us here?

Thank you

Ab

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Hi Danuk...what do you think of the PIN BAR on AUDNZD? is it a valid setup to get a short going just below the pin bar....

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Hi Dan,

Can you clear something up for me, do you always wait for S/R to be broken and then retrace before you enter the trade? When you say you trade from S/R areas, do you only mean major S/R areas?

Thanks Dan.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Lets try not to ruin what could be a great thread with this rubbish please

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Dan thanks for your invaluable work.....keep it going.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Hi FutureAce,

I'm not Dan but imo the trend has been up on audnzd, so going short would be counter trend, my opinion for whats it's worth would be to look at going long this pair if price could brake 1.3200 (it's previous high) then enter long on a retrace to that area.

Interested to see what Dan thinks?

--- 帖子 #354 ---
EUR/CHF looks like a nice setup. Breaish outside bar at trendline .. waiting for the close of the candle

http://my.jetscreenshot.com/demo/20101004-lpd9-206kb

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Hi Dan89 - you are right about it coming off the trend line.  The only thing is, I have major S/R at 1.33 - right where price is now on my chart - this could cause another upward bounce - though maybe not.  Advise caution though...

Personally I will wait for a break down through 1.33 and then a retrace back up to it.  The upside of this is that you might then have confluence of the 1.33 and the trend line.

Cheers, G

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Hi Dan - a couple of questions re your method if I may:

How do you treat Sunday bars - just like any other?  I'm curious because some people say that they should be disregarded for technical purposes.

Do you ever take a 4 hour trade in the direction of the trend and then 'promote' it to a longer term daily trade?

Thanks, G

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Dan89,

EURCHF looks good.

Nice bounce of trend line, lower low and lower high...

50% retracment @1.3343 which is now broken.

Not sure about line at 1.33, yes its a round number but not a strong S and R point from what I can see. There is not enough price history to establish a strong line. So based on that 1.33 might be the only decent point?

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Playing a break (break and retest) of the 4hr trendline would be a better option

Chart:

http://my.jetscreenshot.com/demo/20101004-dlij-221kb

--- 帖子 #359 ---
ya thats true...maybe should i have waited till a bit retrace and then enter the long

--- 帖子 #360 ---
what about the trendline guys

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Hi bez3000,

Ideally I would like to see this reach at least 1.37 before getting in; my view is something like this...

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Hi Dan,

Ok... today the EUR/GBP caught my eye - I'll let you fill in the rest!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Hi Sjr,

Yes, if I understand you correctly that is about right. Oanda is great for this because you can break your position size down to the exact % figure.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Hi dan89,

I have been watching this pair and will be looking to short around 1.3250 due to 3300 S&R getting broken as well as the counter trend line and if price closes down at the 3250 area it will complete a nice looking BEOB.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hi Pirabuji,

Good job  I like your charts. I would say you have pretty much got it covered!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Hi Danku,

Ok... hopefully this little GBP/USD example should explain it a little better.

The first chart shows March/April this year where the previous high (in the downtrend) marked with a red arrow was broken; now this could have been a signal that the trend was changing but I was also interested in how price would react at the key s/r level around 1.5500 - as you can see, in this instance the level held price back and the downtrend continued.

The second chart shows May/June this year - again the previous high (marked by the red arrow) was broken; another signal that the trend could be changing but I was also interested in how price would react at the key s/r level around 1.4800 - in this instance price broke the level (after a few attempts) and a new uptrend began.

Hopefully that shows better how I use a combination of highs/lows and the key s/r levels to define a change of trend. There are of course times when a trendline also comes into play - but a break of that should be fairly self explanatory!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Hi Alex,

Actually someone else sent me a message about pipEASY's thread and I have had a read of the first few pages... it seems like a sensible approach (being that it's similar to mine lol) - I didn't quite understand the entries but I imagine that's besides the point... from what I read it's more about holding onto those good trades for as long as possible (something I like too!). Seems like a good thread!

I too have courted the lower time frames and as much as I enjoyed it, the commitment (time wise) was just too much for me! Hence, higher time frames have come out on top for me.

Ahhh my zen like responses!! Unfortunately that's not by design - just by coincidence that I am quite a busy chap! But I'm glad the wait has proved to be positive - something I shall bear in mind for future replies!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hi Duke900,

Thank you for your compliments! Trend trading has always been of interest to me, it just seems to make more sense to me to stack the odds in your favour by getting in something that's already moving in a certain direction.

I have looked at some of Gann's stuff and it has been very interesting but I never seemed to make much sense out of it! I tend to prefer to keep things a little simpler!

But I'm afraid I must agree to some extent with pipmyride! I do understand the subconscious desire to add the odd indicator to "help" - even if only for the visual aspect but I believe they actually hinder in learning the art of reading a chart. Once you learn to read a chart without the need for any indicators it makes trading much easier and kind of liberates you from the need of any additional confirmation. Hope that makes sense lol!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Hi Abinadi,

Thank you for your interesting post. Although I have never written it down, I would say that my checklist goes like this...

1. Has price broken the previous swing high (in a downtrend) or swing low (in an uptrend)?

2. Has price broken key s/r level relative to the most recent swing high or low?

3. Has price broken the trendline?

4. Before any of 1, 2 or 3 - did price bounce off of a key s/r level?

5. Before any of 1, 2 or 3 - did price consolidate for a reasonable period of time?

I think they are the questions I tend to ask myself when analysing a possible change of trend.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hi TheFutureAce,

I didn't get a pin on my feed but I would say that the AUD/NZD is currently in an uptrend and would therefore be looking for a place to get long rather than short.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Hi GJP,

Yes I suppose so... if price is moving down I would want to see it break through a s/r level and enter (with a valid signal) as price comes back up to test it.

What do you mean by "major" s/r areas?

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Hi gododdin,

I think Alpari UK (who I use for charting) build their Sunday bar into Monday so you could say I do pay attention to them but not as a separate bar!

Yes this is exactly how I play my long term 4 hour trades... I will be looking for entries at the same place as my daily trades but I might be in early because of a setup on the H4 charts. This is not something I have gone into here yet because I think it is important for people to become profitable on the dailies first.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #373 ---
My concern with this potential trade is that at the moment it is sitting right on top of s/r (shown in blue) as well as the developing trendline.

I would prefer to see price get below this level then come back up to retest it and fail. That would see the trendline break too.

For me it is a pass unless we close below all that trouble!

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Yeah i posted that earlier saying a break and retest of that tredline with valid PA would be a better option

DAn

--- 帖子 #375 ---
I tend to agree... although that would probably mean dropping down to the H4 charts; so be aware that as a signal it wouldn't be as reliable as a daily.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Hey Dan, thanks for the reply, its nice to know that im thinking or similar lines as yourself lol. Atleast im improving.

Lets see if im on the same line with this pair you mentioned ...

Previous S/R

.8500 Round Number

Inside Bar

I cant see any obvious trendline or Fib though ..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dan

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Thanks Dan looks a better entry price

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Glad to see i am spotting the same pairs as you Dan.  Definitely think i am getting there.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
for some reason those last 2 charts that i posted did not update the candles. Anyway is this similar to what you have

Bearish Outside Bar

Trendline

.8700 RN and previous S/R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Hi Dan,

By major S/R areas, I mean areas that have been tested many times and stood strong as opposed to S/R areas in a trend that are tested lightly before trend continues.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
I should just mention to anyone considering the E/G short - it is not an A+ setup; reason being that the most recent high at the s/r level around 0.8500 has been broken which suggests the trend may be turning.

I would say this trade is a last attempt short - if it fails longs will be in play.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Hi all - I've put together a very simple summary of Dan's method - it's very small - in fact I printed it, laminated it and it fits in my wallet! It doesn't go into any detail at all - just the bare bones of the strategy (I just wanted a check list so that I don't do anything stupid), but feel free to use it as you like, or use it as a basis for making your own more detailed synopsis.

I ran it past Dan first by the way....

Cheers, G

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Hey Dan,

Great explanation, were you in from the pin from around the 15th of June? Can't tell exact date from your chart. Did you add on the BEOB around 3rd of feb?

Seems like it would have been a great trade, shows it really is worth it to be patient for these trades.

How long have you been trading like this? What have your results been so far?

Thanks,

P

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Hi Dan

Are you taking this short or are you going to wait on the sidelines to see a trend develop?

If you are staying on the sidelines how would to determine which trend is in motion? My guess is:

If this BEOB goes down to the 0.8500 level and then gives a long signal then treat this as a new uptrend being established.

If the BEOB closes below the 0.8500 then consider the downtrend still in motion and look for opportunities to add.

Thanks,

P

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Dan i traded this long. my reasoning was that:It made higher high. My S&R line at 8610 got broken. Price moved over 100 pips past S&R then came back to retest. Would this be a good analysis of this pair Dan?

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Hey Dan,

Great thread!

Correct me if i am wrong but EUR/GBP looks like a great opportunity to enter for a short with low risk. Simply because we have respect of the down trend line, and the 61.8% retracement which is also backed by major resistance.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Just my take on EUR/GBP.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Thanks gododdin.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
I agree bez.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Hallo guys ,anyone looking at the Pin on Aud/Jpy??

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Hi benem,

Nice pin bar but not for me, reason being its at a swing high! If this pin was forming at a swing low with the trend it would look allot better to me.

If price had retraced maybe another 50 pips then formed a pin to go long it would look tempting for me.

Thats just my humble opinion.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Hi Bez, thanks for the replay...i agree with you, is just 1% of my account....compared to the potential reward...

Bye

--- 帖子 #393 ---
You're welcome!

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Thanks from me too gododdin, I'v not been trading for a while and that will be a handy check list.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
That's the one!

I placed a pending sell below the BEOB... it didn't trigger and the high of the setup was broken today so I cancelled the order.

I have actually placed a long based on a Bullish Engulfing Candle that appeared on the H4 charts that happened to coincide with the break of the previous setup, so I am currently long from 0.8730 - this delves into how I use the H4 charts in conjunction with the dailies but I don't recommend it until people are familiar with trading and are profitable on the dailies.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Ah! Well in that case then... yes! I tend to go for those strong s/r areas to get into a trade!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Hi Pirabuji,

Yes... if you mean 19th Jan and 3rd Feb!

Patience is the key to it... it takes a lot of mental work to get used to the waiting and not letting yourself mess with a trade but it is definitely worth it!

I have only been trading with the "long term" holding this year... prior to 2010 I traded in a similar manner but I trailed my stop much tighter. I would say my results are better with the long term method and stress levels are not even comparable... long term trading, once you get into it really takes the edge off of trading.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Hi Dan;

What you think about this setup for the EUR/GBP weekly chart ?

Peace

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Dan, you didn't wait for the retracement on this trade, why is that? I am waiting for a retracement on the Daily time frame, have I missed something?

Cheers.

gjp

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Hi guys - sorry I got interrupted yesterday whilst responding to questions and PM's - I will get back to it shortly!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Short EURCHF on 4hr outside bar off upper trend line @ 13375

Looking for a reversal on the dialy trend back to the weekly short trend.

Lower high if this holds.

I was looking at the 134 resistance level and upper trend line, and a second touch of the trend line gave me the comfidence to enter short based on a 4hr outside bar. SL is in place 10 pips above the high 13432 +15 (13447) pips which is a risk of 72pips

Just to add will be watching the lower H4 trend line... looks strong

http://i982.photobucket.com/albums/a...URCHFshort.jpg

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Pls dun mind i'm using the pivot indicator for my S&R

Please have a look at the chart below...EG weekly is approaching weekly down trendline as well as the monthly R1...

wad do u guys think about it?

--- 帖子 #403 ---
EU is approaching Monthly R1, wait & c if it could break thru it onot...

while GJ could possibly break thru the monthly pivot

UJ approaching Monthly S1 &

UC hopefully break thru Monthly S1

Let's see if all these trades could form....

--- 帖子 #404 ---
IMO eurchf could go either way at the moment, a trend line will brake very soon and only then will it show it's intension. I am on the sidelines waiting for it to show me the way

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Hi Pirabuji,

I placed a sell order but it never triggered. During the day I monitored price on the H4 charts and placed a long based on the bullish engulfing bar off of 0.8700 and simultaneous break of the daily trigger short.

It's one of those times when you can look to trade in either direction... but that is getting onto the more advanced part of the method that I wish to avoid for now (as it happens the EUR/GBP is still in a band of s/r in the 0.8700/0.8800 area and may still head back down - if that happens I will continue selling).

For people new to the method I would recommend sticking with existing and reliable trends only.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Update  +200 pips. Pin bar at 9800 level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Nice daily  pin forming at weekly resistance

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Hi bez3000,

Our s/r differ slightly but general outlook is the same so I would say yes it is good analysis!

At the moment I still see this pair as being in a band of s/r in the 0.8700 - 0.8800 area and as such has the potential to go back down however we are in the situation that price has exceeded the previous swing high and broken the s/r level around 0.8500 suggesting an uptrend could develop. I bought into this as price broke out of the multi-inside bar setup that arose on the pullback to retest 0.8500 after the break and I have added to it (all be it on the H4 charts) as price broke the 0.8700 level (mentioned in earlier posts).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Hello Fx_Pipin,

Yes, I think you were right to highlight this as a possible setup and I did look to sell the bearish engulfing bar that formed on the 4th however it didn't trigger and has since been invalidated.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Hi Dan, thanks for the great thread - subscribed!

I'm looking at the doji candle forming up on the EG just below resistance at 0.8800...

I'm reading this pair differently on a daily basis as price action develops!

What are your thoughts on the short side?

Regards

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Hi benem,

Actually yes this is a trade I have taken. It's not perfect and it may well go against me but it's one that I am willing to let breathe.

My reasoning is that price failed to break through the 75.00 level after trying for several weeks and has since bounced up and over the next important level at 80.00.

Now bez3000 did mention that it is at a swing high and therefore not a good idea to trade... this is true (well actually it's not quite at the high but on a shallow retracement) but my theory is that it may be showing that the 80.00 level will hold and higher prices are ahead. If that is true we may see this go up to 85.00, maybe 90.00, maybe beyond. So in my eyes it is worth a shot.

I could be wrong of course... it happens! But I am willing to take the risk when such opportunities arise.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Hi seifo005,

If it makes it that high I wouldn't be surprised for it to hit 90.00 - now in that scenario my preference would be to see the level break out upwards and for the developing uptrend to continue but I will watch price and see what it tells me... if it hints at moving south I will listen.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Hi GJP,

I entered on the H4 retracement. However, as mentioned before - H4 timeframes are only to be used once you are used to and profitable on the dailies - they are to be used in addition to the daily setups.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Hi Duke900,

I didn't get any bearish setups on my feed today but I would agree that we are at a location where something could happen!

Now I must ask - are you profitable trading the daily timeframe? If yes then great but if not you shouldn't be looking for H4 setups yet.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Hi goldenFishie,

I think this is a possible area of interest but do yourself a favour and drop the pivot indicator. Learn to spot support and resistance with the very best indicator there is - your eyes.

Learning to trade is about learning to read a chart and all the while you are using something else to read the chart for you (i.e. indicators) you will be stopping yourself from truly learning and understanding how to do it yourself.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Good work!  This is what it's all about - you identified a level that had a good chance of supporting the trend and you entered once price hinted (with the pin bar) that the level would hold. Congratulations, I hope this turns into a big winner for you (unfortunatley I didn't get a trigger ).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Hi panfried,

If I may quote from an earlier post...

"At the moment I still see this pair as being in a band of s/r in the 0.8700 - 0.8800 area and as such has the potential to go back down however we are in the situation that price has exceeded the previous swing high and broken the s/r level around 0.8500 suggesting an uptrend could develop. I bought into this as price broke out of the multi-inside bar setup that arose on the pullback to retest 0.8500 after the break and I have added to it (all be it on the H4 charts) as price broke the 0.8700 level (mentioned in earlier posts)."

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Thanks Dan... appreciate the reply. I couldnt resist and took profit at that level (200 ish pips). Mainly due to the bearish pin bar that formed at the prvious swing high ... looks like a double top is forming ...

--- 帖子 #419 ---
ok,i'll draw my own S&R & quit using those pivot indicators...^ ^

--- 帖子 #420 ---
if it breaks the previous low i'm in

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Dan,

Could you please elaborate a little on how you determine if a set up has been invalidated or not?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Good stuff! Trust me, you will get to understand the charts much better when you do it for yourself.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hi Dan,

I'm afraid I am going to have to do this...

You may of course be right, we may well see a reversal here but what you are really trying to do here is catch a top and that is not what I am trying to teach here.

Trading with the trend seriously increases your chances of making it because you are following the fundamental flow of money... you are not trying to gamble on possible trend changes or lucky turns.

I do welcome your input here but please don't post any more counter trend trades - it's just not what this thread is about. I know I have mentioned counter trend positions but they are not attempts at picking tops or bottoms and they should not be attempted until you already have substantial profit on the existing trend that will cover you if it fails.

Thank you!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #424 ---
nice thread

finally something that is near to my trading system and style

i`ll keep watching this thread with great interes

thanks

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Hi PipRiderFX,

Again, this is part of the "art" of trading as opposed to the "science" - but generally speaking once the opposite end of the trigger bar has been broken you can consider the signal invalid. There are however occasional times when this isn't the case; for instance at the moment (as mentioned recently) I have a long off of the daily hammer (5th October) on AUD/JPY and yesterday's hammer exceeded the low of my trigger by a few pips before heading back up... this is a scenario I had planned for as the blue zone on my chart is a large area of s/r that will hopefully support my trade; so my stop is at the bottom of the zone rather than at the bottom of my trigger bar and in this case I would consider the trade invalid once price moves below the blue area.

Hope that helps.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Hey Dan, sorry about my counter trend trade post, ive deleted the post now since its off topic. .Ill stick to trend trading from now on

Dan

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Thanks for your patience Dan,

My thinking is slowly coming around I believe...

The problem I'm finding is that with enough analysis I can make a pretty good case for long or short on most charts.

So this is the case I'm seeing for short on EG, and why we're playing it long - if that makes sense.

Just want to run it by you to see if I'm 'getting it'.

On the weekly I'm seeing price forming a doji candle just beneath resistance and a long term downward sloping trend line. I've drawn a fibbo here on the last engulfing swing, and you can see clearly where I inserted some arrows on the daily view to mark the transition from lower highs and lower lows to higher highs and higher lows.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the daily I've shaded an elipse around the area you mention where price retested the higher swing high at 0.8500, by this time price is clearly in an up trending channel. I have fractals on my charts just as a quick visual cue to highs, lows, congestion areas... possibly clutter I don't need. Again a doji candle has formed just below resistance, and if I drop to H4 I can see a double top - possibly too small to be significant.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So some great setup candles right in the zone for shorting,

But...

This would be picking a top. Price is still clearly in an uptrending channel, and the market has shown us nothing substantial enough to invalidate the long bias.

The possible scenario to the short side would be a retracement followed by a retest of the downward sloping trendline and then further decline, forming a new set of lower low and lower high, confirming the change in trend.

So until some form of confirmation, we remain long.

Would appreciate your thoughts/feedback/guidance,

Thanks and regards

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Dan, What do you think of this set-up?

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Hi Dan and others

Thanks for a great thread which is a great help for a newbie like me who wants to learn to trade properly and not resort to using a robot!

With regard to your AUD/JPY trade on the 5th October, was this trade solely taken as a result of the hammer formation at the key support level of around 80000? I assume the extremely round number reinforces the support level?

Doesn't this hammer formation need to form at a swing low in order for it to be a valid trigger?

You have mentioned previously that you like to enter at a discount but price hasn't retraced much at all from last swing high.

I note that a hammer has now formed but of the wrong colour. Does this have any significance?

Lastly, I assume that if I were looking to trade this pair now, I would be waiting for another candlestick trigger to form at this suport level.

Thanks and please excuse my noob questions

Looking forward to learning from this thread

Mark

PS I am also in the UK. Do you use a spread betting company or use Alpari directly?

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Hello Dan and guys,

Can you please  have a look at my weekly chart and see if I'm on the right path to drawing the SR levels ? I treat those lines as zones rather than to pip touch (so I will watch what price is doing at the current level as it is at one of the lines).

Kindest Regards,

Cam

--- 帖子 #431 ---
My first attempt at identifying a possible set up.

EUR/AUD. Shooting Star formed at trend line and at 50% Fib retracement line.

What do you think?

Thanks

Mark

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Hi Dan,

Sorry just a quick one... what time zone are your charts? As in for your dailies what time do they close?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #433 ---
I have taken that set-up myself Mark,everything looked good for a short

--- 帖子 #434 ---
I am also in this trade it looked good to me

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Hey fellas, this is one i didn't take, but i hope you make some pips.

I've attached my chart so you can see why. I use a couple of ma's which i've found invaluable, although i don't think Dan uses them, so feel free to ignore.

My reasons: The R/R didn't add up,trading into major support below, the shooting star was not at a swing high, it was on a retrace. It did respect a trendline however. The ma's are right below, acting as dynamic support in this example.

Anyway, just my take!

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Hi all – I just wanted to write that you should listen to what Dan has to say…

Following his methods has turned my trading around, to the point where I am able to say “I haven’t had a single losing trade since I started following the method.”  A year ago I never thought I’d be able to write that line.  It goes with the territory that I have had a few break even trades, and there are 4 trades which are currently ongoing and have been for a few weeks.  Currently I am up about 15% for the past month.  This is an incredible turn around for me – I’ve been studying trading for 3 years and have been consistently losing small amounts or breaking even.

The beauty of this system is its simplicity – don’t try to over complicate it by adding this or that indicator or theory – trade it just as Dan has described here and you won’t go far wrong.  The difficulty of course is following it without deviation.  I’ve had a couple of occasions when my ‘voices’ were trying to persuade me to “take the money NOW – it’s sure to turn around soon!”  but I managed to hold out and consequently my positions have grown.  One of the good things is – once you have a couple of long term trades in profit there is a feeling that ‘things are happening’ which I find helps me to be patient in waiting for the next really good setup to come along.

Finally, someone wiser than me said “look for reasons not to take a trade”.  If you have doubts about whether a setup is right, it probably isn't, so just don’t take it!  Wait for the next one to come along (which usually won’t be very long).

I should probably point out that I haven’t touched counter trend trading at all – I’m just trading with the trend using daily candles.  How much simpler can it get?

Thanks Dan for all your help.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Hi Gododdin,

It's good to hear that you are doing well.

Please can you post charts of the trades you have taken?

Thank you,

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Hi Gododdin, do you see some good set ups for long term trade now? Thank you,

--- 帖子 #439 ---
No problem - I'm at work at the moment, but I'll put some charts up tonight.

Cheers, G

--- 帖子 #440 ---
hello, my name is fredy

I just wanna thank you for someone like you who bless many traders with your way of teaching

i just wanna ask, i wonder how you set the price alert , do you know the web or application which can be used as price alert ? because it's very hectic when we wait the set up to get in the trade, while price haven't retrace to 50 fib yet

sorry for the newbie question :>

i am learning forex for 6 months and doing real micro account for learning in just 2 months, and i find your way of trading of minimize the risk and expand the profit is very acceptable

i have tested your method in 15 mnt time frame and its still working ^^ i do this in 15mnt time frame because i dont have the price alert and always come back every 1 or 2 hours to stacking position in 50 fib of retracement, sometimes it missed ....

i find your way of trading is very exciting.

best regards,

fredy

--- 帖子 #441 ---
I didn't see your replay.....got it now..... thanks .

My trade closed at BE,because i found i didn't have much space for the trade to develope.i moved my SL at BE once price got to the blue area.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Hi satelit253 you could try this:

http://www.alertfx.com/

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Thanks Podgy, Bez and Yogi. Looks like I'm on the right track.

I don't have time to check the H4 charts so I'm just referring to daily charts after work. Of the 10 pairs (sticking to pairs with lowest spreads) I'm looking at, that was the only possible set up I could find. It seemed to me that pairs were either already into a trend (no retracements to look at and away from key areas of resistance) or quite messy and range bound.

Am I correct in my thinking or am I missing a bus load of set ups???

Perhaps you, my learned friends, could be good enough to show some charts of set ups that have occured say in the last week or so?

Hope you can help me on my journey to enlightenment

Cheers

Mark

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Hi satelit253

You could also try this free service...

http://www.dailyfx.com/charts/mobile_price_alerts/

It's pretty good.

Hope that helps

Daxness

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Seems like we going to have a Triple Top on EURUSD at the 1.4000 Resistance.  EURUSD Chart does not give me reason to exit long..............also have GBPCHF short running and looking for PA at 1.5200 to short again..............cheers

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hey, Gododdin, I noticed you on pipEASY's thread also.  Like me are you finding the fusion of this superb thread and pipEASY's marvellous material totally changing the way you look at this game of forex ??

Alex

--- 帖子 #447 ---
tq bez, i am just signing to alertfx, wonder may i ask again, it is said to have email to sms , i just asking to my operator here, there is no email to sms in their service, do you use email to sms to or it can be sent just by email ? or an alert can be used just using email to sms?

may be bez or anyone know ?

i thank you for sharing this info

best regards,

fredy

--- 帖子 #448 ---
If you can't get text messages via email type address, take a looks at the link below. It is not a free service but doesn't look to bad if you consider what a profitable trade is worth.

http://www.textmagic.com/app/pages/e...s/email-to-sms

http://www.textmagic.com/app/pages/en/pricing-coverage

--- 帖子 #449 ---
How about this chart of EUR/CHF. Would the inside bar formed on the 8th Oct have been a suitable trigger to go short? At 1.3500 level and at trend line. Just beyond 61.8 Fib retracement.

Cheers

Mark Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Just my 2cents...

I think this is a good short trade setup. it's not the perfect bearish inside bar on th 8th, but enough to make us pay attention...

If you draw a support line on the 1.3260 you can see that this value has been respected in the past.

I'm not sure if I'm being over cautions by I'm willing to short after a daily close below that level... Let's say a short at 1.3250.

Would like people's comments...

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Hi all

I'm waiting for the EUR/USD on 1.4400 because of :

- Fibo 61.8 for the long swing

- Fibo 78.6 for the short swing

- Down trendline

- Fibo expansion 127.2

So what you think Dan ?

Peace

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Tx daxness

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Hi Dan and other guys,

I know that you use S/R, TL, Fibs, RN, etc for the majors as well as the crosses.

It's a common believe that those things work because they are self-fulfilling prophesy.

Now, crosses are derived from the majors, so seems like TL or Fibs shouldn't matter that much on the crosses because PA there is driven by other factors (the majors PA).

So from your experience, does the method work on the crosses with the same efficiency as on the majors?

The only logical explanation I see that maybe sometime it's the crosses driving the majors...

What do you think?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #454 ---
http://cdn.content.sweetim.com/sim/c...s/00020287.gif

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Any chance of seeing those charts?

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Hi guys,

Sorry I haven't been around to post this last week - I was quite unwell and kept away from the computer as much as possible!

I will try and catch up today now that I am back to it... I just wanted to say congratulations to gododdin - I knew that first 1000 pip profit was close, well done my friend!

I hope people take notice of gododdin's success - it really is quite possible for others to do the same.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Hi Dan,

That's ok - you didn't actually have to delete your post but I am glad you are going to stick with the trend for now!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hi panfried,

Sounds to me like you are "getting it"! Your conclusions seems to be sound to me... remain on the side of the dominant trend as defined by the daily charts (currently up) until you get confirmation that the trend has changed.

Another tip would be to avoid the H4 charts for now - especially when price isn't 100% clear; stick with the dailies for better/more reliable entries.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Hi GJP,

This is not actually a pair I follow so I'm probably not the best person to answer but it certainly seems to be an interesting s/r level... I liked the shooting star just above (off of 65) too!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Hi HxMark,

Generally speaking you want a bit more space for price to move which is why I like to enter "at a discount" but there are times when price gets above a key level and then bounces off of it... giving an entry into the trend but without much space.

The trouble with the AUD/JPY trade is that it runs directly into a lot of traffic that is currently causing problems but the thing with it is that if it succeeds there potential reward could be 500 to 1000+ pips.

If I were still looking to get in on the trade I would be waiting for another setup formation.

Hope that helps!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Hi All

I can see that everyone is doing fine! I congratulate to this thread again. Nice one. People do not kick each other here, just discuss trades. Good.

Fon one, here is Gold. It is well in an uptrend and kind of overshoot at this stage. In case it comes back to 1270-ish you know what to do. It may be long though.... Silver is similar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Cheers Dan and welcome back, I hope you've got a sick note. -)

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Hi Cam,

I think I would have a level in the 0.4500 area and another in the 0.5500 area but other than that I think you have got it covered.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Hi Mark,

You are definitely looking in the right area but in my opinion this setup was less than optimal. I don't necessarily look for "perfect" setup bars but a shooting star should have the wick exceeding recent highs... it's the wick that shows the failure of the level.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Hi PipRiderFX,

I use Alpari UK for my charting and they are set to GMT (I think lol!).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Hi Fredy,

I don't use price alerts these days because I am waiting for candle patterns... so if I am trading dailies I only need to check at the end (close) of each day, therefore price alerts are a little superfluous.

Please note however that this strategy isn't designed for the 15 minute timeframe... the general mechanics of it should work on that timeframe but I am looking to trade long term trends (weeks... months etc) and you are unlikely to do this from 15 minute entries!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Hi seifo005,

It's not something I would be looking at... you may well be right but the current trend is up and therefore I am interested in buying not selling.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Hi Pupkin,

Trading in general is a self-fulfilling prophecy. The markets only move because people/organisations participate in it. There is always an underlying fundamental cause for a trend to be in place (causing more buyers than sellers or more sellers than buyers) and that is the important factor.

All we are doing here is trying to identify low risk opportunities to enter the market in the direction of the prevailing trend. So, to answer your question - yes; the method works on any market I have studied.

Hope that helps!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Lol! No, sorry I don't - I guess I'll have to take it unpaid!!

-------------------

I think I've answered all questions and PMs now - if I missed any please ask again as it wasn't intentional!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Hi Dan,

Good to see you back all better. I am still looking for my first 1000 pip trade, i thought i might be there this week as i had four trades giving me about 800 pips profit but they have retraced and one stopped out. I am sure they will carry on with the trend (lets hope so).

I find that the hardest part of this strategy is not taking profit as i could have closed out last week for 800 but as you say "That’s what separated the men from the boys".

I think once i have my first 1000 pip move in profit it will help with confidence.

Can you post some current charts of trades you are in?

All the best.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Hi Dan,

I demoed with Alpari UK and they were GMT+2 (daily candle opening at 23:00 UK time).

Also, thank you for the observations regarding the chart.

Kindest Regards,

Cam

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Spent more than an hour reading the thread...well worth it

I'd just like to ask why you weren't stopped out on the break of the trendline in the EUR below. Also, I usually wait for consolidation patterns to form on trendlines first and then go short/long on a break of those small congestions. Like for EURCHF - short on a break of 1.3260, EURAUD - short on a break of 1.4042. Initiating the trade on a break is more expensive, but I find it produces higher probability trades. Any comments?

edit: can't seem to attach the jpeg of the picture, what I meant with the EUR trendline break was what happened on March 12, 2010 with the 1st trendline point at Dec 03,2009 and the second at Jan 13, 2010. thanks

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Ok Dan; but I guess that area will be the end of the up trend.

Let's see what will happen.

Thanks friend.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hi bez3000,

Thank you! I'm glad to see you're still working on it... I'm sure that first big win will come around soon and when it does you will begin to realise that all the hard work (waiting, getting stopped out etc) will be worth it!

I can post a couple of live examples on the EUR/USD for you... the first was the daily hammer of the 12th October. Price had made it up past the s/r area that I discussed and user earlier when price was coming down (you should be able to see the shooting star that I shorted back in March to the left of the chart). Price came back and re-tested the level, failed, and formed a hammer... I bought the break of the high and moved my stop to breakeven once price hit 1.4000 - this eventually came back down and took me out at breakeven.

Then yesterday, China's interest rate announcement seemed to cause a bit of havoc and price fell back down to the s/r level mentioned above. Here you will see my second trade from the hammer that formed at the low - it was an H4 trade which I don't normally share on this thread as we are mainly discussing dailies, but as you asked...

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Yes sorry you are right... they are normally GMT+1 and then during British Summer Time they are GMT+2!!! My mistake!

Regards.

Dan

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Hi toybits,

If I am right, you are talking about this trendline on my chart...

If that is correct, then I have addressed this earlier in the thread but incase you missed it... the reason is that the key horizontal support and resistance levels hold the most weight (in my humble opinion)! On this particular occasion the level (in the 1.37/1.38 region) was never broken and actually provided me with a re-entry back into the trend (at the break of the shooting star on the 17th March).

I hope that clears it up for you.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Hi seifo005,

It may be. Then again it may not. Why guess?

The truth is picking tops and bottoms is gambling. No one can pick the end of a trend without just being lucky. You might get it right once or twice but mostly you're just going to get it wrong. I don't mean that in a negative way to you - it's just a general fact. Retail traders tend to pick tops and bottoms. Professional traders trade with the trend. Guess which group is more profitable than the other?

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #478 ---
The real money in this market is made with the trend. And squeezing the trend for all its worth by having multiple positions once you have the trend correct. Buying when price is already high or selling when its low (going with the trend) is harder to do psychologically than trying to pick tops and bottoms but thats why it works and thats why theres so few succesess in this field.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Hi HxMark,

Sorry... I've just been informed that I missed this post from my replies.

On my feed the inside bar formed on the 11th (using the 8th as the engulfing bar) and was a fair trigger to short. I say fair because I believe inside bar setups to be less reliable than shooting stars/hammers or engulfing bars but at the right location they work out.

Price is heading back up to 1.3500 today and I will be watching again to see what happens... if we get another trigger setup to go short again I will sell again but if not and price breaks up above I will be looking for a position to get long.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Thanks Dan! yup that clears it for me, can you comment on waiting for the break of the consolidation (say 1.4022 in EURAUD) before initiating the trade or do you do that automatically when the candle formation occurs?

--- 帖子 #481 ---
On the Oct 12 trade, I'm assuming the entry was at 1.3935, why did you put the break even stop once price had hit 1.40? Do you have a rule like 50 pips up on a daily chart - move stop to breakeven? Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Hi toybits,

Sure, no problem - personally it's not something I do; the reason being that if I am selling I would rather sell from higher up.

The key to my entries are that they represent price pulling back to a strong support/resistance level and that if I have identified that level correctly it holds more weight than the traffic (in the area of consolidation). So whilst this area of traffic could cause me some trouble my opinion is that the level I have identified to trade from is more likely to succeed than the area we are trading in to.

A good example of this is shown in one of the EUR/USD charts I posted recently http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=478 where price consolidated for some time in-between about 1.3400 and 1.3800 - I could have entered on a break below but my preferred strategy was to get in near the top of that - which I did by shorting that little shooting star that formed on the 17th March.

Two reasons I prefer this to entering below - 1, if I enter below there is a chance that price heads back up into that zone of consolidation and my trade could spend a lot of time in the red before turning a profit and 2, by entering at the top I am also cashing in on a much larger chunk of profit.

No, I don't have a fixed number of pips before I move to breakeven. What I will do is either move my trade to breakeven once it gets back to the point it retraced from or if there is a key level of support or resistance in the way I will move it when price runs into it. On this occasion the two lined up at 1.4000.

There are however other times when I might allow a trade a little more room to breathe if I feel it is necessary and the potential reward justifies the risk - but this is an instinctive thing that has grown with experience. For those new to trading I would recommend sticking with the two rules I mentioned above.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Thanks Dan, i have also been looking for a retracement on eurusd. But i have been waiting  for price to reach 1.3350 which looks a stronger S&R level very close to the 50% fib.

Is there any reason you didn't wait for price to make a deeper retracement?

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Hi bez3000,

I was actually anticipating a deeper retracement... I thought it might make it at least to 1.3500 before heading back up but the signal at 1.3800 was too good to miss. The Euro has been moving up pretty fast lately (although it's paused at 1.4000 again) and so we may not see such a deep retracement (although now I've said that we will probably see a great big dip down lol). Therefore I have been careful to watch for signals at all key levels.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Quite true!

The psychological side of trading is just as important as the entries! You've got to get the technique right but without the right mindset failure is still waiting around the corner!

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Dan,

When the prevailing trend is up and afterwards sideways happened, do you still trade during this period? If so, do you only enter the trade if price is at the bottom range of the sideways range?

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hi Dan can you have  alook at my usdchf chart below. I entered short on the TL touch but price has gone against me, is there anything that would have put you off this trade?

The only thing i can think of is i didnt wait for PA to confirm?????

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Great thread indeed. I'm newbie.

There are two insidebars on my feed, before today's bar. No PA, no bearish confluence in my opinion. Inverted H&S on H4. Might be wrong. Cheers

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Hi Mist Gun (that's an interesting name!?!),

If you have a particular situation in mind it would be easier for me to respond to a chart.

But generally speaking the answer is yes if price is moving in an upward trend and then starts to consolidate and move sideways I will still look for entries (to buy) at the bottom of the range.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Hi bez3000,

I can see why you entered but I wouldn't have placed a "touch" trade on the basis of that trendline (because I don't find them to be strong enough for that style of trading). For a "touch" trade I would be looking to play a bounce off of a very strong horizontal s/r level and I can't see any really strong s/r at this point.

Most importantly though I would have waited for a PA signal to confirm an entry - if we had a seen a nice shooting star formed off of that trendline (and I should add there is a minor s/r level there) it would have caught my eye. Waiting for PA means you occasionally miss trades that a "touch" trade would have got you in on but on the whole they keep you out of most bad trades and get you in on most good trades.

Now, from a practical perspective I will be interested in what happens slightly higher - as shown in my chart. This is what I consider to be a strong block of s/r and this is where I would expect to get some kind of trigger to sell. Then again, if we do not and price manages to climb above it I will take it as a signal to start to look for buying opportunities.

Hope that is of some help my friend.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Thanks, Dan.

The ID that I used is of a character of a comic .

For my question earlier, I attached a chart of EUR/USD. On the 4H chart, it is obvious that it has been in an uptrend and currently entering consolidation period. In such condition, would it be wise to enter short at the top of consolidation? Or would you only look to go long when price reached the bottom of the range and ignore short even if it is at the top of the range?

Regards,

MG

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Absolutely great thread.

I already see a couple of familiar faces, Hello Coolshades and 007.

I have been referred here by one of the like minded guys.

Great many thanks to Dan for spending his time to help others.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
I think the trend is changing on the USD/CHF

What you thing Dan ?

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Hey seifo005, i second that but lets see what the markets say this coming week.....i have attached a chart but lets see what The Commander has to say...........cheers...lets get the Pips here all..................ooohhhhh i also see the same thing on the GBPUSD...........trend change..................Red Rectangle is where i got weary that our down trend could have come to an end..................opinions are welcome.........

--- 帖子 #495 ---
i see the same happening with USDCAD...............see chart...also always note the correlation relations when the trends are up and running......gives more opportunities.......cheers, USDCAD & USDCHF have a strong positive correlation.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
how about EJ? pinbars form in both weekly & daily chart...

considering getting in if the price retrace back to 113.00

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Hello DanUK,
I have been following your thread with keen interest and i must say welldone,keep the good work going.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Thanks Dan

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Great Thread Dan !

Can you precise how are you identifying pairs to trade?
I mean are you doing an end of week analysis (on Saturday) on all pairs so to identify potential PA set up for next Monday?
I guess you are screening pairs based on your checklist that you have already posted.

Actually I am struggling to put in place a standard trading agenda / roadmap.

All the best from paris.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
I am actively trading NightMoves method which is very close to what DANUK shows here with biggest difference in entry department. But I am looking for DANUK described opportunity now as well. From what I understand good candidates to watch for signals are EUR/GBP, GBP/JPY and GBP/AUD for now. They are all trading and are in deep retracements now.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Hi guys,

EUR/GBP and USD/CHF are running as designed

Cheers,

Seif

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Hi seifo005 i am looking to short usd/chf if we get PA in the 0.9900 / 1.0000 area.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Just thought i would share some of my current trades that are doing ok.

audcad long from 0.98845

euraud short from 1.43384

usdsgd short from 1.30753

Hope it's clear why i made the trades, if not please ask

--- 帖子 #504 ---
If we merge the two last weekly candles of the EUR/GBP we get a very nice shooting star,

Hope it will close like that,

What you think guys ?
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Hi bez, nice trades. I dont see the reason for the entry on USD/SGD daily, although I can see a reason for it on the weekly.

Cheers

gjp

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Agreed bez, 1.0000 looks a particularly good area.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Hi Dan,

Are you able to say what percentage of your trades go on to hit the 1,000 pip mark? I seem to be getting taken out a lot at break even.

Cheers

gjp

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Price is almost there, lets see if we see any PA

--- 帖子 #509 ---
hey seifo005....on your charts i see an indicator that shows Pip Value, atr projections etc etc, do you mind sharing?

--- 帖子 #510 ---
anyone seeing this short cadchf opportunity?

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Please show a chart to explain your thoughts.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
A couple of charts i am watching, all comments welcome

--- 帖子 #513 ---
IMHO, Aud/NZD is worth watching too.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
HI Bez...

I'm watching AUD-USD and USDJPY just like you. I'm also sitting on my hand to don't counter-trade these pairs until those areas/levels

Regarding EUR_USD I'm a bit lost... It is in consolidation mode and could be testing support at 1.37.

I'm thinking that if it breaks we may have a trend reversal...Again i'm lost

--- 帖子 #515 ---
laranja,

I think with eurusd price may rise from it's current point but it may also drop to previous levels at around 1.3350 which has acted as support and resistance as well as being at 50% fib an very close to the rising trend line.

Tie will tell

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hi decentchap,

I have also been watching this pair but i think it's got some way to go as i would want to see price break 1.3200 as it's made a double top and then come back and use that area as support looking for price action to go long. Is that what you are thinking?

Dan any comments on this pair?

--- 帖子 #517 ---
im short

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Hi bez,

I am currently in very early learning phase of my trading career, so do take my view with BIG pinch of salt.

I see two things happening here. There is one cup and handle pattern forming which suggests that trend may continue after brief consolidation. in Which case I would like to go past 1.32 which appears to be a strong resistance.

Another theory is that a pin bar was formed piercing the 1.32 level and as we can see the price has fallen back sharply, so it may well be reversal of the trend in which case I would look for an entry to sell.

In either case, I would let a candlestick pattern with at key s/r with some other confluence guide me.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
have just had an epiphane: use candlesticks!

having looked back at my losing trades, if i had waited for a good candlestick at the end of the pullback, i would've won, and would have had 2-3X better r:r

however, i'm not comfy with stop just over the candle, i'm going to place a 1ATR stop over the candle (depending on the timeframe)

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Hi Dan, great thread, and nice to see a fellow Brit!

I noticed in your old thread you mention using Jackos anti hedge strategy for stop losses.  Just wondering if you still used these?

Cant believe that Jackos thread turned out to be a scam by the way.  I was quite disheartened when i flicked through to the end pages and realised what had happened, his system seemed very solid.  Anyway, I will be following your thread eagerly.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
I agree with you decentchap, but as the current trend is up i would only be interested it taking a long position. Any short would be counter trend but could well be a good trade based on that pin bar. In the past i would have taken this trade but now i am trying to be disciplined and only trade the way Dan has outlined in this thread.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Whats your view on the lighter round of qe than expected on the dollar? The fall of the dollar has been long due a big correction, maybe this is perfect timing for it?

EDIT:  LOL please ignore this post I've just realised I've mixed your quote up with a quote from another thread!!! (usd/chf)

TAXI!!

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Just started reading this thread yesterday and i am combining here with Lawgrils thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=257876

having a great run on EU bought when broke the 23.8 line

I had a TP set at 100 went to move it up and the tp triggered --F

so placed an other buy stop to catch it if it is still rising

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Hi guys,

Sorry I haven't been around much lately; been very busy at work and just not had the time to check in - it always seems to be busy here when I'm not around lol!

I will catch up this weekend though I hope!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #525 ---
wad do u guys think about USDCHF? a monthly pinbar formed, could it be a sign of trend changing?

--- 帖子 #526 ---
What could be changing here? QE is coming, USD going down and

CHF should catch up Correlation with JPY sooner or later. Not sure why

it's been so weak lately. I think there is another leg down to 0.90 or

lower, possibly.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
yep. may as well trade with the trend, which is down, i am long audusd and target is the upper end of its range

--- 帖子 #528 ---
something like this possibly.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
here is what i think

--- 帖子 #530 ---
That scenario of another leg down is ideal.... could set up what Dr Alexander Elder terms "the most powerful signal in technical analysis", a divergence between the macd histogram and the price action on daily. When one is talking about any trend, you have to define 'in what timeframe'

But always bear in mind the adage "discipline before vision". One can have the 'vision' of the divergence and keep looking for it, but discipline to trade what one sees objectively overrules all biases.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
I cna offer my view, on the 4 hr chart at least it seems the trend is up...

--- 帖子 #532 ---
USD/CHF A pinbar on the fib retracement and near as damn it a round number. Comments on this appreciated.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Hi

We also have a nice pinbar against you on the monthly time frame; please be careful

Peace

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #534 ---
The 4 hr timeframe sees new 20 bar high print on usdchf, still in uptrend in this timeframe...

--- 帖子 #535 ---
What happened to everyone? Dan are you still around mate?

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Hi Bez,

Yes this looks a bit dead... I'm still waiting for the USD/JPY and AUD/USD set-ups you mentioned the other day, and just took today a speculative long on EUR/USD at 1.4020 on the break of the triangle it was into...

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Yep its dead in here at the mo.  Annoying because Im really getting into this method of trading.  Im not trading anything until after fomc tomorrow, and markets have clear direction.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Just to pick things up:

Current Trades:

audcad long @ 0.98845

usdchf short @ 0.98500

gbpchf short @ 1.58000

Waiting for setup on:

nzdusd long @ 0.7640 area

usdjpy short @ 83.000 area

usdsgd short @ 1.2900 area

eurcad long @ 1.37500 area

All the areas above are areas of interest to me.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
DanUK , thank you again for sharing and I have one question regarding trade management. Is it ok to take partial profit at same number of pips we are risking and then move stop to BE, or actually, the moment when it is time to move stop to BE to take partial profit and let the rest of the position go as you stated in the beginning?

I trade NightMoves/ Hector's method now and as this trend following method looks similar like a cousin I like it too. Slight differences with entries but I like this method a lot. I have not taken any trades yet cause I keep reading the thread.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
2 consecutive 20 period lows hit on 4 hr usdchf. Will it start trend down?

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Hi guys,

Sorry it's taken so long to get back to you... I shall try and get through a few replies tonight, starting with this question...

In this case I am still betting on the existing trend so I will be entering at the bottom of the range (as mentioned here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...92#post4110892)

Keep with the trend until it shows it has changed!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Hi,

If I may refer you to this post: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...53#post4117253 - my opinion is the down trend remains in place until the blue level is broken.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Hi,

At the end of each week I look at what has happened over the course of the week and confirm my thoughts about the trend and in most cases the trend will be the same as it was the week before so my plan is simple... continue to buy/sell pullbacks with the trend.

Then at the end of each day review the charts and see if price has pulled back to a s/r level and formed a trigger bar (as mentioned in my earlier posts) - if it hasn't then move on - if it has then place your order!

It's pretty much that simple! If that doesn't help though please let me know!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Hi GJP,

There are times when you will get a lot of break even trades... the percentage of long term successful trades are low. You may get a few trades that hit a couple hundred pips but the big 1000+ pip moves take a long time to establish. Patience is the key and trust me - once you've mastered it, it is worth the wait!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Hi,

Great! You will find you have less trade setups than just entering at point X but as you have noticed you will have much more success!

Giving your trades room to breathe is also important and if you are happier with giving them more than a few pips beyond the candle that is fine too!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Hi,

Thank you!

Since moving to candlestick setups rather than just entering at a certain price I have decided not to use the anti-hedge strategy. Whilst it can work I prefer to wait for candlestick confirmation before entering (or re-entering).

Yes it is a shame about Jacko's thread as essentially the strategy works - a few tweaks (such as the addition of horizontal s/r and candlesticks) and it is a money maker!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Hi,

For the purposes of this thread the trend is based on the daily charts.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Hi,

The thing to remember about "pinbars" (or any other setup bar) is that the location is more important than the bar. The monthly pin would have to break heavy resistance in the 1.000 before winning out: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...53#post4117253 as the trend remains down shorts are safer at the moment.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #549 ---
I am back ladies and gents so hopefully we can continue down the path to riches lol!

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Hi,

With regards to taking partial profits, yes you can do it - of course, it is your choice after all. But the reason for taking partial profits is psychological rather than tactical. Partial profits are fine when things are going slowly and you would have been stopped out at breakeven (or worse) without taking partial profits but in the grand scheme of things they limit your potential rewards.

Patience is key here and in my humble opinion the best strategy is to hold full positions for as much profit as we can. Don't forget that if you took half of your position off and caught 1000 pips on the second half, you are only taking 500 pips profit (plus your smaller profit from the first half).

Of course, you have to do what is right for you because trading is psychological but the long term goal should be to maximize your profits from the big moves.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Hi,

Just to clarify... the USD/CHF trend was already down - the trend should be gauged using daily charts not 4 hour charts.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Ok chaps, I think I have replied to all PMs and have answered most questions directed at me. I have left a couple of posts that I felt have already been answered by the market!

If anyone feels I missed them please feel free to ask again... but for now - it is back to trading.

Something I am going to try and do is post my opinions on the trends and a little analysis for a few of the major pairs - just for newbies to compare to their own thoughts. Please note that this is not intended as trade signals or trade advice - just my own personal opinion on a few currency pairs! Also, remember - I don't do "to the pip" s/r levels which is why I mention "areas" of s/r.

USD/CHF - Down - next area of support in the 0.9500 area.

EUR/USD - Up - 1.4200 to 1.4300 offers a band of resistance that could cause price to pullback to 1.4000.

GBP/USD - Up - a daily close above resistance at 1.6250 could open up 1.6500 as the next target but a close below may suggest a pullback to 1.6000.

USD/JPY - Down - 80.00 offers the next area of support.

AUD/USD - Up - price has broken well above key resistance at 1.000 a re-test would be expected but not guaranteed!

USD/CAD - Down - key support at 1.000, if it finally breaks a 500 pip drop could be on the cards.

I hope that information may be of use to people trying to understand my way of thinking. I shall try to continue these kind of updates on at least a weekly basis but if they don't help I will stop!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Thanks Dan.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Yes seifo005 good spot. It did retrace further from the pin bar and eventually got back on it's downward trend.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
planning to go long eurusd if we get a pin bar formed at the highlighted level

--- 帖子 #556 ---
That's perfect Dan, one of the best things you could post to help the new people and even us who have been around for a while

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Dan, thank you.

My thinking was that yes, while I do take less in this case when my trade runs , but after counting how many trades went to BE and were stopped after I took partial profit, i would miss hundred of pips in profit this way. Not many trades become big runners. and yes, it is easier psychologically.

It would be great to have statistics when comparing taking partial profits vs. full size. I guess no one has done it. It mere guesses now.

Have a great weekend by the way

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Merci Dan! It helps a lot.

I am looking forward your weekly analysis ... it will help to see if I am surfing the same wave.

All the best!

--- 帖子 #559 ---
This fills me with confidence, as i had five out of the six marked up the same way .

Does this mean i am finally getting it???? I hope so, it's been a long hard road but i had a positive October and November is looking VERY good so far!

Dan i didn't get in EU i will wait for price to close above 300 or retrace to 4000.

Have a great weekend everyone, and it's good to have you back Dan.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
HI all,

If you have patience Dan, to do it that would be good... That way we have a way to compare our own analisys...

Regards,

Laranja

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Dan if not too personnel would you mind posting your recent results using this system?

I mean in the last say two months, how many brake even trades / small losses / 1000+ runners have you had?

I think this would serve to not only inspire people as to what is possible but also let people know that having BE and small losses is something we must all face including you. And just because someone has had a run of BE and losing trades doesn't mean they should give up and move on to the next strategy/holy grail.

I think it would be very beneficial but would understand if you don't want to publish that information.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Hi Dan and others:

I "discovered" forex about 5 months ago, and I have spent a great deal of time studying.  After finishing the School of Pipsyology at babypips, I spent four months reading the James16 thread.  It was quite helpful to read all of the posts by some of the senior members there.

However, when I decided to start demoing the concepts, I woke up at 4 a.m. EST to start reviewing 4hr charts on 4 different brokers: 4 a.m., 5 a.m., 6 a.m., 7 a.m. closes etc.  It was quite frenzied.  I did that for a month, and only found one setup that fit the criteria.

Then I started studying an Asian session/ London open breakout 1 hr/ 4hr strategy.  That too was frenzied.

What I've learned is that I need to follow a strategy that is profitable, but also fits my personality.  In other words, I need a strategy that is "relaxed." I will be much more comfortable holding a position that has thousands in unrealized profit than constantly monitoring trades to figure out if I should close a position after entering it 30 minutes before.

Dan, I even appreciate your relaxed manner of posting.  While focusing on the daily charts, it seems like one thorough post from you each week is enough guidance.  Thanks for your willingness to teach.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Bez, Congrats on your success.  If my take on your three open positions is accurate, you've made about 1,200 pips in the last six weeks on these three trades.

I hope you keep posting.  Your growth and success is inspiring and motivating, too.

I am going to start demoing on  Monday.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Hi Dan:

In the trade summary you mentioned that breakouts can be entry points in this method.  Is looking for PA formations within a sideways market how you anticipate breakouts?  Do you use Fibs and/or Trendlines?

I hope that I am not trying to overcomplicate things, but can you provide some guidance regarding how you analyze, and utilize breakouts?  Thanks for all the great teaching.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Bez,

As someone who has been learning this method since the first day, do you have any advice for someone just starting out?

What were some of the key breakthrough lessons for you?  What do you know now that you wish you had known at the beginning?

I hope these questions are not too invasive.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Hi Dan,

Thanks for all of you really helpful threads and posts.

I have a few quick questions if you don't mind.

1: How do you define a trend? Is it a series of higher highs and high lows in and uptrend and the reverse in a donw trend? - If this is the case could you please let me know how to read these as you mentioned on one post that you were short Euro all the way down to around 1.26 which was a great trade but there was one place where you could have come out of the trade. It was around the 11th of April. On my charts it seems as though the price failed to make a lower low which would signal a trend change? Is that right? Is it possible to let me know how you would decide to stick with it.

2: When you talk about counter trend lines being signals to get back in the direction of the trend, do you require a candlestick signal or a close? How do you handle taking the breakof the counter trend?

3: This is probably related to question one but when you consider highs or lows, do you consider only the really major ones? or do you consider smaller ones? Is it possible for some examples?

Thanks for your help.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Hi Location,

What i would say is "Patience Patience Patience" i know we have all herd it before about waiting for the right setup and not over-trading but it is so  true.

I think as a group most of us want to become professional FX traders one day, and with that in mind we think that thee only way to accomplish this is by aways being in a trade (as that's what we believe the professionals do, and lets face it if we are not in a trade are we professional traders?) I would say yes, we don't need to be in a trade all the time to be traders. I found this very hard to grasp as in life we are always told we need to be doing our job to get the rewards, well in trading i think "doing our job" does not always involve being in a trade but also monitoring charts and waiting for setups to confirm.

The next thing i found was dealing with losing trades, again in life we are taught not to loose, loosing in failing and who wants to fail? Well i think in trading thats not the case, loosing is a big part of trading and if we can't accept that we should move on and find something else. I found this very hard t deal with, as in the real world i don't deal well with failier so this was a huge obstacle for me.

Finally i would say money management, starting with a small account makes this one of the most difficult things to stick to. As i said we might want to become professional traders and if you start with a small micro account, sticking to money management rules is hard to do.

For example if you have £1000 account and you can make a healthy %10 per month risking %2 per trade that £100 is not enough to live on so the temptation is to risk 10% or 20% per trade could make you 100% or £1000 in a month. The only problem with this is when you get a loosing streak (which you will) you get whipped out so can not trade anymore, this isn't how the pro's do it.

Hope this has helped, i think it's helps me to wright this to remind myself of all the things i have learned from this thread and DanUK.

Thanks Dan.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Hi ya Bez3000..

All important points you've brought up here and a few questions to go with if you don't mind please..

With this point did you move towards higher TF's of 4HR+ to have time to get into the trade and also avoid all the noise or was there another idea you used?

Was there one thing or several things you did to get to grips with this part of trading of having to handle taking losses?

What would your advice be on this if you had a small account..stick to that 2% as hard as it will be or do paper trading or something else which may help with this situation?

Sorry for all the questions..

Cheers,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Hi aarangio,

Hope this helps:

With this point did you move towards higher TF's of 4HR+ to have time to get into the trade and also avoid all the noise or was there another idea you used?

Yes i moved to 4h and Daily TF's which helped with my patience i think.

Was there one thing or several things you did to get to grips with this part of trading of having to handle taking losses?

I think handling losses is a mental thing, it's about reprogramming ourselves to discard the loss and move on not holding the market responsible for the loss as that could affect the way we trade. Also risking only a small percentage amount per trade makes it easier to swallow i think.

What would your advice be on this if you had a small account..stick to that 2% as hard as it will be or do paper trading or something else which may help with this situation?

For what it's worth my advice would be to paper trade until you understand how this works and are making constant paper profits. Then open an account with money you can afford to loose and trade risking a percentage per trade you are comfortable with. Remember even at 2 - 4% your account won't stay small for long, thats the power of compounding especially if you can add a small amount over time

Sorry for all the questions..

Hope this helps some.

Cheers,
Adrian

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Hi ya Bez3000..

Thanks a bunch for this....been very helpful!

Making sure I'm on the right track with these issues as I'm stuck in the middle of most of them at the moment now..

Thanks again..

Adrian

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Bez,

Thanks alot.  This is helpful.  These are the take-a-ways for me:

1.  Be patient while waiting for a setup.

2.  Accept that losing is a part of trading.  To throw out a few United States sports analogies:  The best NFL quarterbacks only complete about 65% of their passes, Michael Jordan only made 50% of his shots, and the best baseball player only got a hit 40% of the time.

3. Be prepared for losses.  Your risk has to be based on the reality that some loses are inevitable when trading to win.

Thanks for the insight.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Does anyone know how soon to move your stop to B/E, assuming your trading from a daily chart?

--- 帖子 #573 ---
I think until this longer term method is mastered 1% risk per trade especially live account is quite reasonable.

Today, I entered trade based upon FX Primus set up Pin Bar candle. As it appeared on GMT brokers did not show Pin Bar...

I understand now as Dan is located in GB, he obviously posts and tardes from GMT broker. Just downloaded IB FX MT4 platform. Must be ok now.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Hey Shiko..

How did you finally go with this trade? http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=9014

Adrian

--- 帖子 #575 ---
I am still in. it is ranging. There were not PB on IB FX MT4 platform but was one on Primus which I used to enter, so , there were not reason to enter. But ok, we will see how it will end.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
[quote=DanUK;4148568]

Something I am going to try and do is post my opinions on the trends and a little analysis for a few of the major pairs - just for newbies to compare to their own thoughts. Please note that this is not intended as trade signals or trade advice - just my own personal opinion on a few currency pairs! Also, remember - I don't do "to the pip" s/r levels which is why I mention "areas" of s/r.

Thanks Dan. This will certainly help a newbie like me!

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Hi bez,

Yes I agree this would be good as a way to show people that patience pays off in the long run... I haven't got the time to do it at the moment but I will endeavor to post some recent results very soon.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Hi,

I'm glad I've been able to help - I get the odd message of thanks now and then and I do feel that I have achieved something greater than just making money when I've been able to help someone out!

I hope I will be able to continue to help... even if it is in my relaxed manner!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hello again,

I haven't gone into too much detail about breakouts yet because I feel the importance of grasping the method and simple entries with candlestick patterns (or "PA") is the best way to learn with my approach. For breakouts I tend to use trendlines and horizontal support and resistance. With trendlines I am looking for price to respect a counter-trend trendline with at least two or three touches and then for a breakout to occur with respect to that trendline.

For now though, I recommend to entries with PA only.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Hi PipRiderFX,

Answers as follows:

1. I do use the higher highs/lows and lower lows/highs analysis on the daily charts to guage the trend however I do it in conjunction with the "key" support and resistance levels that I have mentioned in the past. If I may direct you to this post hopefully it will help: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...99#post4070899

2. The best way to enter on the break of a counter trend trendline is to drop down to say H4 time frame and watch price break out and then come back to retest the old/broken trendline - if at this time you get a signal (shooting star/engulfing pattern etc) you can enter. However, as this involves dropping down below the daily timeframe I have refrained from going into this for now.

3. Generally speaking I am looking at the really obvious swings... if it isn't obvious and you really have to look for it then you are probably looking for something that isn't there... zoom out a bit and look at the real obvious swings.

I hope that helps!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Glad I could help!

I like this post... the key points that bez mentions...

Patience - so important, I know it's cliché but it really is vital to learn to weight for the right opportunity.

Not having a position is a position!

Learning to deal with losses - they are inevitable and you have to learn to accept them. For me, this was a big hurdle - I don't like mistakes. I never have. I am a perfectionist as far as my "day job" is concerned and I pride myself on always being right! So it was a big struggle for me to accept that losses happen. But they do. So long as your gains outweigh your losses you are doing it right!

Get rich quick - unfortunately if it was this easy we would all be doing it! It takes time to build up a fortune! And from humble beginnings it takes time but if you stick to a sound MM plan it is possible to build a very considerable fortune.

Good post bez!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Hi,

This is my general approach: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...07#post4026107

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Hi Dan,

Thanks for all your posts. It is really brilliant.

I only have one quick question.

In different examples, you show a hammer as an entry point. Do you actually enter your trade at the end of day when the hammer is complete or do you put a stop order 10 pips above the high of the day?

Would you actually wait for the completion of a morning star?

It might be obvious but I am a little confused.

Regards

Jo

--- 帖子 #584 ---
I was looking at my charts this morning and it made me think I should elaborate a little on this...

My general approach is to move my stop to breakeven at one of the points I mention here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...07#post4026107 however there are times when I do not move my stop.

This comes down to experience and comfort. If I have positions open that are already in profit I can afford to be a little more relaxed about moving to breakeven.

There are times where I have entered at a key level that I believe is going to hold unless the trend changes - in these instances I will tend to be more interested in giving the trade room to breathe.

I hope that makes some sense!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Hi Jo,

I will wait for the hammer to complete and then place an order beyond the high of the day (and this is normally about 10 pips or so).

Hope that helps.

Regards,

Dan

PS... The opposite (short signal) is a shooting star - I don't trade the morning star pattern.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Phew, dont know about you guys, but I'm not seeing too many trades out there at the moment. I appear to of missed a few and looks like I'm going to have to wait for the next train.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Yes GJP. I Agree

Ive been doing loads of reading and finally decided to try to put some of my new found knowledge into action. Couldn't find anything that caught my eye. Don't know if I'm missing something or not?

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Just my opinion for what it's worth guys:

eurcad: BUOB at S&R and 50% fib with trend looks good.

euraud: looking for price to drop below 1.3650 and retest for a short.

audusd: price has dropped to previous resistance area when zoomed out, could that act as support for a long?

eurusd: will price make it down to 1.3350 area to meet strong S&R and 50%fib and possible TL touch for a long?

Just what i am looking at, any thoughts?

Have a great weekend all

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Hi guys,

Yes I think things have been quiet lately but that is ok... patience waiting for the right setup is a very, very important part of this trading strategy.

I anticipate some possible trend changes ahead and as mentioned earlier here is my analysis of a few currency pairs:

First though, a quick reminder... support/resistance quoted represents "areas" not "to the pip" lines. This is not meant as trade advice, signals or predictions; it is just a summary of my current market outlook...

USD/CHF – The downward trendline has broken and could be a sign that the trend is changing - I will be watching the 1.000 area for confirmation; if 1.000 holds the downtrend should continue, however if it breaks a new uptrend looks like it might take hold. I won’t be looking to buy unless 1.000 is broken.

EUR/USD – This week has seen the Euro plunge 700 points from it’s recent high of 1.4280 and has seen key support/resistance around 1.3700/1.3800 break. Due to the strength of the move up a deep retracement is quite likely however I will be closely watching price action for signs in either direction at this time.

GBP/USD – Support at 1.6000 is currently holding and so long as that remains the case I anticipate higher prices ahead.

USD/JPY – The downtrend has failed to make any significant progress over the last few weeks. I will be watching 83.00 for a possible signal.

AUD/USD – The uptrend remains intact at the moment although I had thought that price would have remained above 1.000 once broken and this hasn’t happened. Support/resistance around 0.9700/0.9800 should be of interest.

USD/CAD – The downtrend (albeit rather sideways at the moment) remains intact however 1.000 is proving difficult to break and price is rebounding up off of it again. I would expect support/resistance at 1.0200/1.0300 to hold if the downtrend is going to continue. A break above this level could open up the possibility of seeing 1.0500 again.

I have also made a little table as a snapshot kind of thing (attached) but it should be read in conjunction with my notes above!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Hi bez,

Good calls there. I particularly like the look of the EUR/CAD BUOB - it's one I will be taking.

Enjoy your weekend!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Hi ya Dan..

Just wondering if you were to take the EUR/CAD as a trade where would you place the stop?, 200pips away at 1.3650 on the Daily or 1.3740 with the bit of support to the left...or would you actually be trading off the 4HR with a tighter stop?..

Thanks for any explanation you could give..

Cheers,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Hi Adrian,

I prefer to keep things simple... my stop would be below the low of the setup bar (under 1.3650). The reason being is I see that as the point at which the setup becomes invalid (which is not to say the trend is invalid, just that particular entry).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Hey Dan..

Thanks for the explanation on how you would go about stop placement..Big thanks!

Cheers,

Adrian

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Hi Bez, I see where your looking with EUR/CAD and EUR/AUD

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Dan,

Great thread, I just found it.

Did you read books (like Victor Sperandeo) during your first 3 years?

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Hi Dan did you trade this BUOB, or miss it as today's bar did not break it?

--- 帖子 #597 ---
hi Bez, sorry for a newbie question but what is BUOB?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #598 ---
No problem tritan,

buob = bullish outside bar.

I would recommend reading up on price action on the james16 thread.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Thanks bez. Slowly working my way through the J16 thread (thre's a lot as you'll know ).

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Hi rac,

No I didn't really read anything. I've had a skim through a couple of PDFs but I felt that getting involved and trying to trade would be a better use of my time. Once I had learned the basics of technical analysis (and I already had some experience of investing through fundamental analysis) I just got stuck into trying out different ways of trading. Demo of course!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Hi bez,

No, the BUOB didn't trigger... interestingly though the past two days have setup a couple of inside bars off of that BUOB. A move upwards might still happen but given the state of the Euro against other currencies at the moment I don't think there's much hope for it.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Hi Dan,

Just joined your thread. I am another UK trader, (West Midlands).

At present, I am also a member of the J16 thread.

I trade Daily Pinbars only. Mostly with the trend, unless I get tempted with a CT trade, which I find very tricky.

Speak soon.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Hello Dan, was nice to meet you at former Jacko thread.

Would you mind answering question regarding Bullish Engulfing/Outside Bars ?

I have never traded this set up and have no idea how entry and stop loss is set when we have this set up at the area of other factors confluence.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
have a look at page 1 post #12 by Dan on this thead. Explains nnicely what BUOB is. Also, just read though the J16 summary (its posted on the first page somewhere on that thead) then just keep up daily with the current posts. Its too long to read !

--- 帖子 #605 ---
have a look here    http://www.james16group.us/Guests/guestmaterial.html

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Thanks Dan.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Cheers Desperate. Some good videos on there too

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Nice thread Dan. I've been in trading awhile and have concluded that your approach is the best way to go. i like your idea on eventually covering all the markets. I'm leary of holding futures contracts overnight . Do you think etf's would work ok with this method.

this is a real steep drop and a small pin bar that filled the gap within 2cents. you probably want some more drop closer to the prior swing high .

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Hi packhorse,

Always good to see another UK trader here! Look forward to more of your input my man.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Hi shiko,

A bullish engulfing or outside bar can be seen here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...8&postcount=12 the entry is on the break of the high of the setup bar and the stop loss would go below the low.

The reverse is true for a bearish engulfing or outside bar (which can be seen here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...1&postcount=13).

Hope that helps!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Hi decades,

Yes I don't see why not... pretty much anything with a chart and reasonable liquidity should work fine!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Hi Dan , would you consider this setup takeable, thanks ?

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Yes definitely... a great setup

--- 帖子 #614 ---
damn damn damn i missed some great setups and messed around shorting eurusd.

DAMN! ever missed setups/taken kinda crappy trades dan? (at the same time?"!?)

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Yep! Don't feel too bad I've done it before. Normally whilst I've been messing around trying out different ideas and strategies! Not paying proper attention to my trading and as a result I've dipped out. It makes you pay attention next time though lol!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #616 ---
be interesting to see what happens if inside bar breaks to long side

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Dan, thank you for explanation. Outside bar looks like too big of a risk to me. Unlike pin bar or even inside bar. Never traded it so, I have no experience how to handle this set up.

--- 帖子 #618 ---
I personally do not even trade E/U now. It looks like a kind of limbo to me. Looks like it is turning down but possibly up trend might resume. I am watching E/U, U/J, G/J and Usd/Chf.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Suggest for UJ

http://img100.imageshack.us/img100/9...lyanalysis.gif

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Hi FXReady

I'm just a newbie but my interpretation of the USD/JPY is different.

We are in a downtrend, currently around the 61.8 Fib retracement area of the last down swing and at a previous support level of the 83.50 area. I'm on the lookout for price action to give shorting opportunity.

I wouldn't be surprised, however, if my reasoning is flawed. Any other opinions guys???

Cheers

Mark

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Hi guys,

There has not been a great many chances to trade this last week but I believe next week will see some reasonable action so be sure to pay attention!

Here is my thoughts on this week's price action...

But please remember... support/resistance quoted represents "areas" not "to the pip" lines. This is not meant as trade advice, signals or predictions; it is just a summary of my current market outlook...

USD/CHF – Price has been capped just under 1.000. As I mentioned last week; if 1.000 holds the downtrend should continue, however if it breaks a new uptrend looks like it might take hold. I won’t be looking to buy unless 1.000 is broken.

EUR/USD – After last week’s big drop we saw a further move south at the start of the week and then price seemed to retrace towards the end of the week.

Interestingly, Friday saw price come back to re-test the 1.3700 S/R level and ended up forming a shooting star (although it is far from a “perfect” looking candle). If this breaks on Monday I wouldn’t be surprised to see price make it’s way back down to the 1.3200/1.3300 area.

However, if we look at the weekly chart we see a very nice hammer formed off of 1.3500 (and the 50% retracement level) and a break above this may very well see price head back up to 1.4000 and beyond.

GBP/USD – Price continues to linger around the 1.6000 area and so far has managed to stay above the up-trendline.

USD/JPY – Has been bullish all week and has seen the 83.00/83.50 S/R level break – a continued move above this area next week could signal the establishment of a new uptrend. Last time price reversed from this level a new uptrend lasted almost 7000 pips!

AUD/USD – The uptrend still remains intact and as I suggested last week price has held at the 0.9700/0.9800 area. If we look at the weekly chart we can see price formed a reasonable looking hammer off of this area.

USD/CAD – The downtrend (albeit rather sideways at the moment) still remains intact. I suggested last week that I would expect support/resistance at 1.0200/1.0300 to hold if the downtrend is going to continue... which so far it has!

Possible Trades

Here are a couple of possible trades I will be looking at next week (they are not recommendations though so only trade them if you have come to the same conclusion on your own analysis!)…

EUR/USD – Two possible setups mentioned above; the trend is not clear at the moment but I believe the market will show it’s hand next week so I will be ready to trade in either direction.

AUD/USD – Bullish setup off of the weekly hammer.

EUR/CAD – Good looking shooting star off of 1.4000 (actually it missed by 3 pips but looks interesting nonetheless).

USD/SGD – Good looking shooting star off of 1.3000.

NZD/USD – After missing the daily setup (as mentioned earlier by decades) the weekly presents an interesting looking hammer… not a perfect setup mind you but may be worth paying attention to.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Hi Dan, this is really helpful, I cant thank you enough.

My biggest hurdle at the moment I guess is trying to figure out market sentiment, is the trend continuing, or are we still in retracement, can i look to go long yet, or should i wait.  The Eur/usd for example, I was very tempted to take a long at that 50% fib as i thought it was at a great position landing on weekly support aswell, but managed to sit on my hand.

Is this a typical situation where you will not take a long because it hasnt yet returned to the trendline?

Also, if you had been following your old strategy from your 2009 journal where you traded mostly 4 hr charts, (**please anyone reading this paragraph this is a question about dans 2009 4hr chart strategy, dont confuse this with the daily strategy of this thread**) would you have taken this long? or would your sentiment have been short therefore been looking for shorts since you were trading 4 hour charts not dailys?  Sorry to ask this here but I really like your old strategy as it suits my account size and level of patience much better, for the time being.

Best Regards.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Hi Dan,

Are you considering a short trade on Eur/CAD, based on the daily shooting star?

If so can you elaborate a bit more? I actually see Eur/CAD a bit like Eur/USD,

they both reach the 50% fib from last swing high-low; they both have a hammer on weekly and shooting star on daily... Actually eur/cad is in uptrend for the last 6 month, so trading the shooting star wouldn't it be a countertrend?

Do you consider 1.40 as a big resistance (besides and obvious round number?)

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Hey folks, hi Dan,

Just wanted to chime in and say howdy.  I've subscribed to your thread and look forward to continuing on here.  I ran into a post of yours by chance on the Jacko thread a couple weeks ago, Dan.  You mentioned your thread...and I'm glad you did, because I was looking for a home to this kind of trading since the Jacko thread has died out.

I started trading the H4 and D1 TFs about 4 months ago when a trading friend got me interested in trading with Fibs and round numbers.  He had followed Jacko's thread for a long time and gathered much of his trading method from there as well as other additional methods that complemented what he was doing.  I was about to start a Skype room dedicated to this style of trading (as I'm involved in 2 other Skype rooms that help make trading around a specific method more interactive and educational), but I'm very happy to have found this thread as it's just what I was looking for!

I was kind of hoping that as I neared the last pages of the thread (took me a couple weeks to read it all), that I would have seen some H4 TF trades being discussed, but that's OK.  I think you've done an excellent job in clearly describing and patiently explaining your method.  I believe it was clever of you to limit the trading education to the D1 TF, as that does clarify things quite a bit and keeps out the CTTs (counter trend trades) the H4 presents.  I must admit however, in the 4 months that I've been trading the higher frames (much the same way you do), most of my trades have been taken on the H4.  I spend a lot of time at the computer trading and working, so it might be a weakness of mine to over trade and look for entries on the lower frames.  I do believe though that the higher the TF, the more reliable the signal, ie, The 50% fib retracement is more powerful on the D1 than the H4, etc.

I would like to chime in with comments and also show you how I look at my charts (almost identical to the way you do), and I think it will take much less time if I make a video instead of a ton of pictures.

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Hi Dan,

Thanks for your latest view's. You mention in your summary of seeing trading signals on the 1D and weekly charts, if one signal was bullish and the other bearish, what would you do? All comments welcome.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
In an effort to make my chart-showing a little more understandable and easy to follow, I made 4 short videos:

Video 1

Video 2

Video 3

Video 4

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Your videos are Very informative and nicely done

Thanks

--- 帖子 #628 ---
I suppose you trade the setups just the same during Thanksgiving week?  I received this blog post today about being careful during Thanksgiving http://www.forex4noobs.com/blog/fore...ksgiving-week/

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #629 ---
NeoRio:

Your videos are excellent and vey well done. Thanks for this.

FX_California

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hi Dan,

I can't post  a chart right now but please can you give me your advice on the following:

EURCHF - I went long of the nice BUOB off 1.33 Support / Resistance zone from 11/11/10. The trend was UP as far as I could see, price went in my favour and produced a BEOB yesterday, I didn't move my stops to BE as it hadn't made it up to previous high and I couldn't really see any strong resistance. Did you play this bar? If you did, did you move your stops and why? If you didn't play it, any reason why?

EURUSD - went short last night of the BEOB off 1.37 zone, since price has been ranging for so long, I don't consider it to be in an uptrend, did you play this bar? any comments?

Thanks,

Pira

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Hi NP,

I'm glad to have been some help! I fear I may have mislaid people with my last post... whilst I highlighted potential setups from the weekly charts I do not trade weekly setups... I use them as analysis only. I have mentioned that before but thought I better just reaffirm that point.

Whilst I don't like talking about H4 trading at the moment I will make an exception for you as you have a great avatar! Yes, basically if I were trading the 2009 method I would be selling.

Having said that I am trading the "daily" trend and I am still selling!

I sold EU at the break of yesterday's bearish engulfing bar. I have also sold the EC shooting star I mentioned at the end of last week.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Sorry I missed this one... in part yes. My analysis is based on all the factors... trendlines, fib retracements, higher highs/lows, lower highs/lows and most importantly support and resistance levels.

In the case of the Euro price has broken down below key s/r at 1.3750 which also invalidates the latest swing low. The bearish engulfing bar that formed yesterday gave me a signal to sell off of the retracement to 1.3750. At the same time I was aware that a break above this could signal a move higher up which is why I wait for candlestick patterns to confirm my entries.

Hope that makes sense!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Hi laranja,

Yes I am short EUR/CAD. I am also short EUR/USD.

In my opinion the weekly bar on E/C was more like a spinning top than a hammer; signalling indecision. Also the shooting star on the daily was a very good formation off of a big round number which I consider to be important. I favoured shorts because of this.

I also favoured shorts on the E/U due to the fact that any long placed would run directly into trouble at 1.3750. As it happened price gapped up and invalidated Friday's setup bar but did form a very nice bearish engulfing bar yesterday.

And just to clarify again... I don't actually trade weekly candlestick patterns... I only trade daily and 4 hourly setups but I do use the weekly bars as part of my analysis.

Hope that clears things up a bit.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Hi NeoRio,

Welcome! I look forward to more of your contributions.

I have kept the thread on the "daily" perspective for now as it is easier to assess the trend on the daily chart rather than on the 4 hourly chart.

I do also trade H4 setups but they are done from the perspective of the daily trend. Essentially the way I trade H4 is the same as my Daily trading... I look for an "area of interest" to trade from and when price gets there I look for a setup either on the H4 chart or the Daily. The only difference for me is that the quality of the setup bar must be better on the H4 chart whereas I am not so concerned about the perfect looking bar on the Daily chart.

Hope that makes sense!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Hi GJP,

I caused a bit of confusion here didn't I! First of all, I should say that I don't trade the weekly candles. The R:R just doesn't do it for me. I only use them for analysis.

However, in this scenario I assess both signals and come to the best conclusion I can, in the case of the E/U and E/C this is what I came to:

In my opinion the weekly bar on E/C was more like a spinning top than a hammer; signalling indecision. Also the shooting star on the daily was a very good formation off of a big round number which I consider to be important. I favoured shorts because of this.

I also favoured shorts on the E/U due to the fact that any long placed would run directly into trouble at 1.3750. As it happened price gapped up and invalidated Friday's setup bar but did form a very nice bearish engulfing bar yesterday.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Hi Pira,

EUR/CHF - A couple of problems here... the first is that we don't have very much historical data of price in this area and as such s/r areas are harder to spot. I don't actually see a setup there... if you could post a chart it would help. If I had traded from that sort of area I would have looked to move my stop to BE if price struggled at 1.3500 (big round number)... as it happens it broke through pretty well but the shooting star that formed on Friday would have given me enough concern to move my stop to BE.

EUR/USD - I am short off of the same setup so as far as I am concerned this is a good trade.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Much appreciated

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Thank you, glad to have found this thread.

Got it, same setup idea on the D1 and H4.

I suppose you mean the candle formation?  ie, on the H4, you want to see a perfect IB, OB, Shooting Star, Hammer, etc...which has formed at the end of an impulse move?

Not sure if you had a chance to see the videos I posted.  In this video, if you forward to the 2 minute mark, I asked about candle formations.  I was hoping you might comment a little bit about the usage of candle patterns for a confirmation on entry.  If you don't mind me asking, what inspired you to use candle patterns for further confirmation after the 50% fib level, S&R levels and TL's?  As you know, Jacko (and others) relied quite heavily on the 50% Fib retracement level for entry (with as much confluence from other elements as possible), so to incorporate the candle formation for further confirmation can often lead to an entry of 100+ pips further away from where we may have entered.  While I do really like using the reliable PA element of reading candlesticks for getting an ideal entry, I'm curious to hear a bit more from you on why you use the candlesticks even if it means giving up quite a few pips when we're trading on the D1 and H4 TFs.  OTOH, if it means that 80%-90% of your entries will be profitable compared to 70%-80%, then I would understand, I think.

I'm curious about this entry.  I also took an EU short yesterday for 170 pips, but based on a different trading method.  While I see the OB on the D1, I thought that maybe you were still in the EU long from the 50% fib strike earlier (please see my charts below).  My S&R level was at a slightly different level than yours, I had mine drawn in at 1.3700.  However, with the major trend on the EU still looking rather bullish (in spite of everything you hear on the fundamental side of things), I just thought you would be looking more for long positions to take on the EU.

BTW, do you ever look for smaller trades?--like 100+ pip trades, or are all your entries looking to get the big move?

Thanks,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #639 ---
This is great and very generous. Nice music too!

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Hi Dan

chart attached, pink arrow shows the bar i took, it looks like a good zone where price has previously supported or resisted, what do you think?

Can i also get your thoughts on this CHFJPY BEOB?

thanks

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Anyone going long here? meets all my criteria to go long, but Euro is getting smashed on many Euro pairs, so am thinking might be a pause to a further down move.

comments welcome

thanks sohail

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Sohail, to me it also looks like a potential long setup. Price is potentially bouncing off the Daily TL Price is potentially bouncing off the 200EMA Price is right around the S&R level of 1.3350 Price is OS (over sold) on the Stochastic Even though price has blown past the 50% fib mark, it's still above the 61.8% level and within a potential entry zone I'd be curious to hear what Dan has to say as he entered a short at the break of the OB (outside bar...or engulfing candle) 2 days ago and should be up by about 240 pips right now.

I suppose if Dan would agree to the long, he'd want to see a candle formation complete first.  Yesterday's D1 candle was nothing more than a weak spinning top and nothing necessarily to trade off of.  Today's candle is still forming.

Today is Thanksgiving and historically TG is not a good ay to trade as it produces erratic and unpredictable PA.  Actually, from here on out till the New Year is not the best time to be trading and entering the market in the normal fashion expecting normal swings and PA.

Kind Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #643 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...ostcount=79034

Hi tritan, you may have already seen this list but I just noticed the link in someones post and remembered your question.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hi guys,

Been busy the past couple of days so I haven't managed to reply to questions but I will try to tomorrow.

I just wanted to stop by and say, with regards to the EUR/USD, I can confirm what NeoRio has said - if we had a strong, bullish candlestick pattern in this area I would consider a buy (and it would be a hedge against my short) but so far I haven't seen anything worth taking note of. This method is about taking the setups that show themselves and not trying to assume what the market might do. Hence, I wait for confirmation in the way of a candlestick or "PA" setup.

Also, I am always wary of taking a trade when the "big boys" are on holiday! I tend to avoid trading Bank Holidays.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Since I'm new to the idea of incorporating candle patterns for entries with this method, I'm not sure how you would handle a cluster of consolidation candles on the D1 or H4 TFs.  On lower TFs, I often trade break outs of consolidation areas, but with the D1 and H4, if we're looking for IBs/OBs/shooting stars/hammers, etc, they become hard to properly read in areas of close consolidation (like what is apparently happening with the EU on the D1 right now).

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Hi Dan

Could you clarify what you mean by the break of s/r invalidates swing low. Which swing low are you referring to?

Just trying to make sure I understand fully

Also with your EUR/USD & EUR/CAD trades, have you moved your stops to BE yet and if so when did you move them?

Thanks

Mark

--- 帖子 #647 ---
thanks for confirming what i thought neo and dan, it goes to show that i should wait for some bulish price action in future instead of jumping the gun.

sohail

--- 帖子 #648 ---
hi dan

what do you think about this BUOB? it's off a support zone and with the trend.

it's running into a trendline and some resistance zones, would you wait to see how price reacts a bit further up or would you take it?

thanks,

p

--- 帖子 #649 ---
hi Pirabuji

am not dan

but chart below does the talking as to why i would not go long

hope you can see the major resistance the BUOB is going into and the small range of that bar compared to the strong move down.

thanks

sohail

PS, i am a learner so please dont take this as trading advice, it is just my opinon

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Similar story to Eur/Cad so am Short on EU

sohail

PS, i am a learner so please dont take this as trading advice, it is just my opinon

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Hi guys,

If you don't mind me adding: if you are discussing the BUOB on E/CAD Daily chart, it's not very pretty, and insignificant (small) in comparison with the previous momentum bearish bars. Also the upper wick of the BUOB is actually longer than the lower wick suggesting more selling pressure than buying pressure and finally, I would prefer the BUOB candle to close above the previous candle (so it would show clearly that the bulls are in control) and in this case it hasn't happened.

Note that these observations are based on my chart feed, you might have different looking candles.

Kindest Regards,

Cam

--- 帖子 #652 ---
stops move to BE +1

--- 帖子 #653 ---
For anyone interested, here is a weekly analysis video I made according to this trading style using Fibs, Round Numbers, Trend Lines, Support & Resistance.

Weekly Analysis

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Subscribed, will read thru later.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
any opinion?

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Hi NaughtyPip, I too have been keeping my eye on the NU and waiting for the new D1 candle to form to see if we'd get a candlestick formation that we could go long off of.  I didn't include the NU in my last analysis video because it got too long, so I just made a dedicated short (less than 3 minutes) video for the NU to comment on your setup which I also have been watching for some time.

NU Analysis.

Kind Regards

Neo

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Hey Neo nice analysis, my daily pinbar has changed slightly, im on a gmt server.  Ill wait to see whats going on at london open and may look for an entry if its moved up while im asleep.

Regards

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Nice videos Neo.

My daily candles on FXPro close at 10pm GMT. Just a plain old bearish bar

--- 帖子 #659 ---
apparently there is news of some bug killing off nzd crop which accounts for alot of their gdp.  Doesnt sound good.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Same here, chart didn't print a good reversal bar, hopefully we'll get a nice BUOB today.

I took the BEOB on CHFJPY, anyone else play this?

--- 帖子 #661 ---
I don't trade the ChJ, but I am curious about the area of consolidation that you are reading the OB in.  I've always considered candle formations to be stronger (and more valid) when they print at the top or bottom of an impulse move, at least that's what Steve Nison says.  When we try to read candle formations in a cluster of consolidating candles, we'll get many more IBs, OBs, hammers, shooting stars, etc...but they don't necessarily mean as much as when they stand out at the top or bottom of an impulse move.

Do you trade candle formations (like this OB) on the ChJ wherever it may print?

Thanks,

Neo

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Hello guys

first appologise for my bad english, it is not my first language..

I am new here and was so happy to find this thread, i think it is exactly what i was looking for. i have been trading for about 2 years, trying new method but never actually stick with one , and while jumping from one method to another i have lost a lot of money .

in the last few month i decided to learn and develope my own trading method which is  very similar to DanUK metod, no more day trading,no more impulsive in and out,no more not sticking to my ruls.

i think you understand what i mean couse i think each trader gone through these stages.

Neo, your videos are great, you realy know how to explain all in simple to understand way and your "calm radiophonic" voice make me relax so keep doing it   i am learning a lot from them.

i also saw you mention the option of skype chat room for this method..wow it is excelent idea for sharing thoghts and ideas online at real time.

Now for the trading pair of NaughtyPip NZD/USD i think we need towait to end of day bar to see if we get confirmation (both from PA and candle stick bullish reversal pattern.

wanted to ask if anybody use lower TF like 15m or 30m for acurate timing of the entery (even if it long term run it is always better go gain some 10-20 pips from better entery point.)

any way thanks again for this great thread , hoping we all can benifit and  be more profitable traders.

elis

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Too much congestion there for me. I would expect, for this method, Dan would like to see these at swing low.

Cheers

Mark

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Very nice analysis

--- 帖子 #665 ---
I'm considering going long the AU in about an hour when the new D1 candle opens (and *if* it breaks the high of the previous candle).

However, the H4 is showing me somewhat of an opposite setup (see below), with Stochastic in OB and with the 50% fib retracement level posing potential resistance for a possible continuation to the down side.

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #666 ---
I look at the Daily and see a possible long entry and the H4 looks like it is retracing for another swing down.  The only clues I have is the 200 ema is under price on the daily and the H4 , daily , weekly and monthly RSi's are positive meaning bias toward a long position.  ?? Keep us in the loop to what you do.  One other thing that might be a negative to entry is lack of volume I have noticed this week.  Seems like everyone decided to take December off.

Good Luck either way.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Thanks for the answer.  On the D1, price is above the 200EMA (long bias), on the H4 it is below the 200EMA.  What I ended up doing was placing POs for both long and short.  The long PO is set on the D1 TF and has a 180 SL (with proper MM in place).  The H4 has a PO below the spinning top candle with a much tighter SL and more moderate targets for TP1.

I use MYFX for managing the trade.  I try to always use a TP1 of greater or equal to the initial SL.  TP2 is usually set to run.

Best Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #668 ---
I jumped the gun a bit and took a NU long last night.  It's been sitting at +10 - +20 for the past 12 hours.  Ideally the D1 candle (current one) should break the high of yesterday's candle for it to be a good trade.  The NU is considered the "little brother" of the AU.  It mimics the AU pretty closely...and since we're getting potential signals on both pairs, it's possibly a better strategy to choose one or the other to trade and risk one set amount rather than trade them both with double the risk.  Just my 2 $0.02

Regards

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Im in too on this, entered yesterday, gonna leave it for the long haul and see what happens

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Good call.  So far so good.  I'm long the NU and the AU as well.  I'm also short the UJ (from the H4 chart), traded the double top which was right around the 50% fib retracement on the D1.

I'm also taking an EU/EJ long for this retracement (which I think will be short-lived) before the EU resumes its down trend again.

Regards

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Sounds like we are all on the same page I have E/u long, A/U long,U/J short N/U long and watching the G/U to see if it wants to go long or not.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
I took a GU long a few hours ago...not a solid entry signal so I entered with a small position.  I took the break of the bullish D1 candle right around 1.6000

--- 帖子 #673 ---
I got in also but not sure now that Im there .  My candle looks un sure of what it wants to do plus its capped by the 200 ema .Time will tell I guess
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Nice to see you using the 200ema, Jay.  Your charts look almost identical to mine.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
I noticed that when I first looked at your videos,  (I did swipe your horizontal  line color)  it was a lot eaiser on the eyes than whatever color green I was using, but the other set up has been that way for over a year or 2 , been using the 200 ema since 90 ( a lot in futures trading) and it helps keep me out of trouble.

Take Care

--- 帖子 #676 ---
[quote=JayTrader;4217879(I did swipe your horizontal  line color)  it was a lot eaiser on the eyes than whatever color green I was using[/quote]

Heh, good going.  I use 2 different chart colors, black and gray.  I've heard that black is hard on the eyes (and I've found that to be true when staring for too long at the screens!)...so I looked for colors for the horizontal lines and the trend lines that would work for both chart colors.  The Goldenrod color works nicely for both black and gray.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
How far back do you usually leave a stop on the longer term trades so it is not affected by news like NFP? I have a nice profit building on a couple of trades with a 150 pip trailer, and don't want to mess these up.

Thanks in advance for any answers

--- 帖子 #678 ---
what do you think about short on E/U when it arrives to 1.3456 area .

at this point there is:

61.8 fib retrace

strong horizontal resistence line

trand line resistence

200 ema little bit above

any ideas ?

i attach the 4H chart

--- 帖子 #679 ---
When I trade off a daily chart Im probably not gonna move my stop to b/e until its about 250 in the green, and then ill move it up 250 every time it makes another 250.  I used to move it up in 100 pip increments but you end up getting stopped out for too small a profit.

I think DanUK only moves his stop to make it a free trade, i.e. break even, other than that he wont move it at all and will aim for atleast 1000 pips.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
It looks like a nice little spot, id probably wait for some sort of candle setup on the daily though for confirmation, fundamentally things seem a little unclear at the moment as to euro sentiment vs the dollar.  PLus its december.  But id wait to see what everyone else says on this before making a decision.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #681 ---
I have adjusted my stops and will let things ride.  Its hard transitioning from taking profit at certain intervals to sitting on your hands and doing nothing.  I also agree with your comments on elis charts, that there is not a clear picture of a direction yet

--- 帖子 #682 ---
I've been burned one too many times on NFP days, so I took the wimpy way out and closed all my trades 2 hours before NFP.  I had 110 on the AU, 60 on the NU, 60 on the UJ and 40'ish on EU/GU.  I originally had SL's between 100-200 pips away.  In retrospect I see that all of these trades (had I left them on) would have gained at least 100 more pips each with NFP.  But that would have been by chance and I wasn't willing to risk it on a whim.  I was actually anticipating better US news after the last G20 meetings and all the talk in the US about the dollar needing to be strengthened.  A prime example of letting all the rumored news I hear cloud my judgment.

Regards

--- 帖子 #683 ---
I think Naughty Pip made some good points...especially about the slow December trading month and the uncertainty of the Euro vs the Dollar.

I would say that the "strong resistance" line you refer to is not really that "strong".  A strong resistance line should have at least 2 points in time when it was retested...if not more.  It looks like that swing low was the only time price stopped there.

My TLs are drawn a little differently than yours, but it does look like the D1 TL as well as the H4 TL show the 1.3470'ish area as being a potential point for hesitation.  The 200ema gives some more confluence in that area.

Regards

--- 帖子 #684 ---
hi, im just wondering do you guys hold your trades over the weekends since you guys have quite large stop losses?

or would  you exit and re enter again the following week? thanks.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
I hold

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Hi Neo,

Dan has previously said he plays price bars even if they are consolidating as long as it is with the trend - http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=491

So that's why I played the bar, i believed it was at a key resistance level. It didn't work out though.

Dan do you have any thoughts on this?

thanks,

P

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Great thread DanUK. Just read through it all this weekend and everything you say makes a lot of sense. Also, it brilliantly ties together Fibs & TL in a way I can easily understand. Always had trouble with those two as they seem more an art than a science.

Looking at the chart, it appears that pair is more in an uptrend having made higher-highs and higher-lows. Also, 83.00 seems to be an area of support. So I might have wanted to see it break below that and retest it before shorting. Anyway, that's just my two cents.

Looking forward to following along in here.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
I suppose I'm a bit skeptical about trading candlestick formations when they form in areas of consolidation.  I've read Steve Nison's book on Japanese candlesticks...he normally refers to the formations being significant at the top of an up trend, or the bottom of a down trend.  When it comes to consolidation, I normally trade the break out of the range.  I'm open to better/other ideas though.  I don't do a lot of trading on the higher frames when it comes to consolidation, so I'm rather new to knowing how to trade out of consolidation with higher TFs.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
For those interested, here is my weekly analysis

NeoRio's Weekly Analysis

P.S.  I'm curious to know how many people here would be interested in starting a Skype room to discuss this trading method?  I'd be very happy if Dan would be OK with this idea...and if he'd participate in such a room.

Best Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Sign me up!  Instead of cluttering Dan's thread up with charts and such, we could share it amongst ourselves.  I'm still in the process of correctly identifying the setups so getting feedback from others would be beneficial.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Great idea Neo. I have only just come to grips that I must move to the higher TF's in order to have a more consistant success rate. This thread feels so right for my personality.( maybe cuz it's simple) I would jump on the idea for a room with this thread.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Why are you posting this here and what does it have to do with DanUK's trading strategy? I saw you post this in 8 other threads today. Stop the spamming already.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
I've gone ahead and started a Skype room for Advanced Trend Trading.  If you are interested in joining, please either post your Skype handle here or PM me.

Kind Regards,

Neorio

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Hi guys,

Sorry I haven't been around to post lately - been so busy at work I just haven't had the time!

I am glad to see the conversations have continued but I am a bit disappointed to hear about the Skype room. Of course, I have no right to tell people what they can or can't do but the intention of this thread was to discuss the trading method and potential setups here... so that traders can interact here and so that newbies can learn here. Moving away to a private chat setup invalidates the reason I started this thread which is why I haven't gone down that road myself.

Just a thought.

Regards,

Dan

PS... I will be back shortly to reply to the questions that have been directed to me.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Hi Neo - would very much like to further discuss, learn, share this method in your skype room.

You can contact me at my skype handle: esmontjr.

Thx, Jay

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Neo about the skype i think it is Great idea  for more active trader which need to share ideas more freequantly that in posting and maybee we can try to combine the forum and skype together in some way that Dan will agree about.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Hey Dan.

Hello from a fellow Brit (Well, Welshman actually) but probably spend more time in England due to travelling with my job.

Anyway I have spent over a year reading books and forums on forex trading trying to find a way to be comfortable with a way of trading that fits in with my work commitments. I have never demo traded (due to being told that it's unreal and pychologically not the right thing to do) but have practiced on shorter time frames with mixed results. But two things always stand out to me which make a lot of sense, after all this time studying I agree that Price Action and Support & Resistance seem logical and sensible.

So, onto your excellent thread I stumbled and realised this is how I want to START my trading as it fits all of my criteria.

I have spent days just reading your posts and those of the excellent subscribers who are joining you on this journey and I hope to be a part of this. This is my first ever post on FF because I have never read anything that fits so well with what I want to do. I am determined to get this trading right and with all of your experience and the knowledge of your subscribers I can do that. However, I realise I must contribute and find my own way, so I will be drawing up about 10 pairs of currency to start with and will be spending my time drawing lines both S & R and Trend. I have read an excellent book on Candlesticks by Steve Nison so I think I am well practiced in Reversal Patterns etc.

Once I have learned how to post charts on this forum, I will ask what you think if thats OK.

I think then it might be good if we can all start contributing to a "Watch List" and look out for potential trades we all agree with.

Thanks Dan and sorry for being a bit long winded.

Paul.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
So sorry to hear this, Dan.  Please feel free to remove my post about the Skype room (FF won't allow me to).  I never intended to draw attn away from this wonderful thread.  I would like to continue to stay with this thread and read every post and contribute.

The idea with the Skype room was to be able to get quicker responses for upcoming trades that would have a valid entry before a reply in this thread would come.

Kind Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Hi Neo.

Although I agree with Dan about the skype issue (It wouldn't be so accessible to us guys in the UK and other parts of the world) I very much appreciate your contribution to this thread and find your vidoes extremely helpful, long may they continue (please)

Paul

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Hi Everyone,

I think the solution to the skype proposal would simply be to contribute to a watch list on this particular thread as paulwales previously mentioned.

This would enable anybody that is online to be able to quickly access potential setups but at the same time not take things away from this thread.

Obviously the watch list should not be a replacement for your analysis, but simply highlight potential trading ideas to the mass, you would then simply go to the chart and see if the setup makes sense to you and trade accordingly.

I liked the initial idea by NeoRio but I can see Dans concerns as well.

I hope that is of value :-)

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Hi,

I have a theory which I was hoping you guys and girls could provide some feedback on. I have just posted this in NightMoves thread but since this veer similar I thought I'd post it here too.

I believe that Trend trading is more suited to daily charts where as trading the swings and retracements is probably better done on th 4hr.

The reason I say this is that when a trend gets into motion it really goes and hence pull backs on the daily can be a rare occurrence. So would it be right to say that you can trade in the direction of the major trend but enter on the pull backs on the 4hr chart.

I know that the daily and 4 hour can be trending in opposite directions and obviously that is something that you need to take into account but generally speak does what I say make sense?

I think maybe this is what Dan talks about when he refers to entering on a signal from a lower timeframe but maybe he could confirm?

If this is the case earlier in the thread Dan mentioned that when the thread is mature he would add this functionality... Maybe now is a good time to start?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Good call on the euro turning down Neo.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Hi All,

I am new to forex but already with a bias for Price Action. My limited forex training comes from forums and from using a demo account for a couple of months. I have just finished reading the whole thread and I found it very interesting and educative. Thank you DanUK for sharing your knowledge!
I would like to be part of the group and learn from you.

However, I sense the risk that this thread deviates from its initial direction. Use of indicators, patterns, smaller time frames, etc., is often included in the discussion which takes away the focus from DanUK's method.
Please keep this thread on track! Thank you!

Regards,
WindPip

--- 帖子 #704 ---
However, I sense the risk that this thread deviates from its initial direction. Use of indicators, patterns, smaller time frames, etc., is often included in the discussion which takes away the focus from DanUK's method.
Please keep this thread on track! Thank you!

Regards,
WindPip[/quote]

Hi windpip, I was thinking the same thing.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
I'm going to try and do a little catch-up on posts as I have neglected this thread a bit lately... starting here:

Hi NeoRio,

Going back before the "credit crisis" trends, particularly in the Euro seemed to be a lot more stable. I used to enter based on a bounce off of a s/r level but with the increased volatility of the current economic climate I decided to look for extra confirmation... hence my introduction of candlestick patterns. You are right in that you do give up pips whilst waiting for the completed signal but overall I believe the extra confirmation keeps you out of most bad trades and you are therefore rewarded with lower losses.

With regards to my E/U short... once price smashed it's way through key s/r around 1.3700/1.3800 I was ready to consider selling.

These day's I am looking to trade the big moves. It just suits me better to allow the longer term trends to work for me.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Hi Pirabuji,

This is a little late I know (apologies for that) but I figure another look at it might help to clarify things.

With regards to the CHF/JPY setup... personally I would have been interested in this if the BEOB had formed higher up off of 85.00. In this case the location wasn't of interest to me.

With regards to the EUR/CHF setup... I've attached a chart of how I read this. In my opinion, price had broken down below 1.3500 and below the recent up trendline. To me this looked like the resumption of the downtrend.

I'm not sure if that is of any help but hopefully you might be able to take something from it!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Hi Sohail786,

I mentioned earlier that I was short Euro at this time... my main reason for taking that bias is that once the key support level around 1.37/1.38 was broken it would turn to resistance and sustain a move further down.

In these instances it is the "key" levels of support/resistance that help me define the trend.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Hi Mark,

Hopefully a chart will make things clearer... swing lows at support... potential swing highs at resistance!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Hello elis,

Glad to hear you plan to stick to your rules. I have found that having the patience and discipline to stick to one's rules is half the battle!

With regards to lower timeframes... it can be done but honestly the best thing about this trading method is that you don't have to get too specific about things. You don't have to agonize over ten pips here or twenty pips there... there is plenty of profit to be had just trading daily setup candles.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Just to clarify my position on this... trade bias should be determined by the daily charts. Trading H4 setups should only be done in sync with the daily bias.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Hi Jay,

As I am looking for long term moves 500/1000+ pips at a time news releases, even big ones like NFP, tend not to impact my trading. I wouldn't put on a position just before the release, for obvious reasons, but generally speaking news is not a major issue for me.

Intraday movement is not of too much concern to me... it is where price made it too at the end of the day that interests me!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Hi fartist (could we get a little clarification on that handle... is it fart-ist or f-artist! Sorry... my childish mind is amusing me at the moment),

Under this strategy it is important to hold your positions for as long as they are technically relevant. I will hold my positions over the weekend and for as long as the chart tells me it makes sense to.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hi Pirabuji,

Generally speaking I prefer candles that stand out but overall it is the location that is of importance to me. If the setup candle is sub-par but the location is A+ I will trade it.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Hi there.  I'd appreciate any comments/input on this AU short trade I've been in for a couple days.  Please see my chart (below) to see where I entered.  I took the break of the D1 bearish candle...but realized I was going rather CT.  I had the opportunity to set stops to BE at +80, right before AUD news the other day (and should have), but didn't.  I'm currently at +5 pips (better than the -70 after the AUD news).  At any rate...curious for comments or other observations on whether I should exit now or hold.

Thanks,

Neo

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Hi Paul,

Always nice to see a fellow Brit here! I'm pleased to welcome you to the thread and also, as it's your first post, to Forex Factory too!

I look forward to your contributions and welcome all charts and questions. I would also be happy to see people contribute to a "watch list" of potential trades. It seems to me like a sensible progression of the thread.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Hi Neo,

I wouldn't want to remove your post... as I wouldn't want to be seen as a thread dictator! If people want to discuss trading in a skype room (or by any other means) I have no right to tell them not too!

However, I do appreciate everyone's contributions to this thread and hope we can continue to build a respectable community of trend traders here. If the day comes that we need to move on to something more specific or dedicated I will of course entertain suggestions but for now I would like to try and see this thread grow a little more and perhaps help a few more people who might otherwise struggle. Being that most of the trading I am advocating takes place off of daily setups I would like to think we would be able to get fast enough responses on this thread, for now at least.

I for one will try to make more of an appearance here in order to keep things going and I would be pleased to see you here too!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Hi Neo,

I don't like to give out specific advice on what someone should do as there is every chance I could be wrong! However, the way I look at these things is to re-analyze the initial trade. If I feel the initial trade was valid, even if things aren't going my way, I will hold. If however, I review the initial trade and decide that my logic was flawed I will consider closing the position.

I hope that helps. A/U looks undecided on direction at the moment and makes for harder trading. I will personally be looking to candlestick setups to guide me as to the right entry/direction.

Regards,

Dan

PS... I've got to go now as my eye's are getting heavy and I feel the need for a large Jack Daniel's before heading to bed!

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Thanks.  I decided to pull the plug at BE since the direction is unclear at this time.

Best

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Don't forget guys; there are other markets out there too. I was just chatting with a fellow trendy on PM about this one...

It's an LSE stock, ABF - the uptrend has been going good for almost two years now (that's the kind of move I like to catch!).

Diversification of one's portfolio spreads risk but it also gives you more opportunities and therefore more chances to look for the right trade. Being picky about your setups helps the bottom line at the end of the day!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Hi PipRiderFX,

Yes this is what I do. I use the daily chart as my reference point, I use it to define the trend and analyse locations to trade from. I then look for pullbacks and I do this on H4 charts and daily charts. That's all there is to it.

I would note however that signals generated on the H4 charts are not as reliable as signals generated on daily charts... and this is not because I think price action is any less reliable on lower timeframes it is just that setups on the daily charts are more likely to signal a large(r) move whereas H4 setups might only signal a short term move.

Anyway, the reason I didn't go into this to begin with is because I wanted to make it clear that the analysis is done on the daily charts. So long as you are analysing the trend on the daily chart then you can drop down to the H4 charts for a signal if you are also willing to accept that you will get more whipsaw-effect on the H4 charts.

I would also add to this that if you are getting "whipped" on the H4 charts please consider sticking with the dailies until you can make this work!

Hope that makes sense!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Hello WindPip and welcome aboard!

I am glad you have found this thread of use and hopefully we will continue to keep things on track as much as possible!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Hello aus,

Haven't seen you around for a while (although that may be because I haven't been around that much!). Good to see you here though.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #723 ---
I think I have managed to catch up with the Q&A and if I missed anything please let me know!

I shall now post a quick summary of a few currency pairs as I suggested I would try to do at the end of each week (although haven’t been able to these last couple!):

As always... support/resistance quoted represents "areas" not "to the pip" lines. This is not meant as trade advice, signals or predictions; it is just a summary of my current market outlook...

USD/CHF – Didn’t manage to make it above 1.000 so I continue to favour a bearish outlook. A break below 0.9750 would suggest the break of a “bear flag” that looks to be developing.

EUR/USD – My bias remains bearish on the Euro.

GBP/USD – Direction is not clear at the moment. The up-trendline has been broken and swing analysis suggests the possibility of a downtrend developing. A clear bearish signal around 1.5800 would get me in but so far I haven’t seen anything worth trading.

USD/JPY – Tuesday’s candle turned into a very nice bullish outside bar off of support at 83.00 – could be the signal that get’s the developing uptrend underway!

AUD/USD – Price has been ranging for quite some time now and I haven’t seen any tradeable setups lately. The uptrend remains intact for the time being but I am wary of price failing to break 1.000.

USD/CAD – The comment I made last time seems to be true still: The downtrend (albeit rather sideways at the moment) still remains intact. I suggested last week that I would expect support/resistance at 1.0200/1.0300 to hold if the downtrend is going to continue... which so far it has!

All in all the markets haven’t been great these last few weeks… a lot of up and down but no major progress anywhere! Christmas is approaching and the markets tend to get filled with mince pies and champagne at this time of year and it doesn’t make for good trading. This week has probably been my last trading week of 2010, although I will be monitoring charts for possible trades next week if they look very good!

2010 has been a very interesting (trading) year for me. It has been a very profitable year and most importantly I have struck a much better balance between my trading life and my non-trading life. The beauty of longer term trading is that I get much more time to spend with my friends and family and that is the aim at the end of the day!

So good luck to everybody for 2011; may it be a good year for us all!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Very good analysis, Dan.  Thank you!

Best,

Neo

--- 帖子 #725 ---
I suppose you mean a candlestick formation on the D1 when you say "bearish signal"?  Since the last 5 D1 candles have been seemingly consolidation candles (indecision candles), does it make it harder to read a forthcoming "signal" candle to trade off of?

--- 帖子 #726 ---
For those interested, here is my weekly analysis.

Weekly Analysis

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Thanks a lot, Neo -this is an excellent summary and analysis.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Hi dan! That would be FARTIST! Booms.

Thanks for sharing, because sometimes i encounter traders who exit their trades on fri and reopen their trades the following week so as to prevent from uncertainty over the weekends. Like G20 meeting etc.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
[quote=fartist;4237008]Hi dan! That would be FARTIST! Booms.

Thats a damn fine name you have there sir !

Made me chuckle, as i do have a very juvenile sense of humour.

When i was a kid, my grandmother taught me The Alphabet of Farts, much to the disgust of my mother.

It still makes me smile to this day.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Hi Dan, I haven't been able to trade much lately but hope to re-read the thread and contribute more in the new year. Have a great Christmas everyone

--- 帖子 #731 ---
all you trendlines are advancely technically incorrect  The line should not be pierced with price wicks

--- 帖子 #732 ---
[quote=paulwales;4227047]

I think then it might be good if we can all start contributing to a "Watch List" and look out for potential trades we all agree with.

Good idea Paul, a general watch list that we could all discuss and follow.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
What exactly is a "watch list"?--and how would does one work (how/where do people post trade calls, etc?)

Neo

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Hi Neo.

A 'watch list' would be as you are kindly supplying as your "Weekly Analysis" (which I am sure we all find of great benefit) but concentrating on trades that could potentially happen in the very near future. It gives us confidence when we see the same set ups and actions that our fellow traders are seeing. However, it would be unfair on you and Dan in particular as the only people supplying the analysis, I think we all should contribute.

This way of course we can look at more pairs, commodities and individual stocks as Dan pointed out in a earlier post, which will give us a better chance to be more picky looking for that 'perfect' set up. We can then post ourt thoughts in this thread and discuss.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #735 ---
could'nt agree more Dan . Where is the best place to invest your capital ? answer - on the correct side of a good trend ... your method will achieve that

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hi Neo,

Yes that's right. I think consolidation can make it harder to read... whilst I am not the type to trade what some might call A+++ setups I do prefer to take setups that are quite obvious. If it isn't clear then it probably means it's not worth trading.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Lol! Good, I like the name!

I think I would be careful about opening new trades late on a Friday if I knew there was going to be something important (like a G20) happening at the weekend but generally I don't let that sort of thing affect my trading too much.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #738 ---
[quote=yogibear;4237522]
Ha ha! Your grandmother sounds very... inspirational!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Tell that to my bank account

Just kidding... on a serious note I wouldn't worry too much about that. Trading is not an exact science, at least not the way I approach it. Trendlines, support/resistance, fib levels etc... they all act as a guide but they are not necessarily 'to the pip' lines. Nor do they have to be... I like my trading to be simple and easy. If I had to put too much effort into worrying about little details it wouldn't be as enjoyable!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hi Paul (and others interested in doing this),

I would be quite happy to see this sort of thing happen. It seems like the natural progression for the thread to turn to live/potential setups and I think we would all benefit from having more eyes on the market(s).

To make reading easier I would suggest that only one currency setup should be mentioned on each post. You can post as many setups as you want but if we keep them separate and put the title of the currency (or whatever) in the post title and submit a chart too, that would be great.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hi Dan, I just wanted to ask what criteria you look for when identifying key s/r.  Is this the same as weekly s/r?

--- 帖子 #742 ---
But would we just post our trade call-outs right here in this thread?  It would seem that would be a bit messy as there are going to be many posts in between each call-out that don't have to do with the trade setup.  Or is there a site we're thinking of using that organizes posts for each trade setup in a better way?

--- 帖子 #743 ---
I don't think we should place 'trade calls'. I believe we should discuss area's of significant confluence and the reasons we may be interested in trading from those area's. When they are reached, this is where we could listen to Dan's views regarding candlestick reversal patterns and make our own decisions on when to trade.

I do agree however that the thread could get a bit messy when we discover opportunities in stocks and commodities as well as currency, but why not give it a go so that we can narrow down the best opportunities. Dan can easily introduce new rules if need be, for instance, reverting back to currency only. But at least we will all learn how to read area's of confluence and candlestick formations by listening to eachothers opinions.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Hi.

My first attempt at uploading a screenshot (fingers crossed)

Looking at the EUR/USD. The monthly and weekly trend is down. The green trendline and S/R are from the weekly TF. It seems to me that the retracement is currently spiking through the 38% fib and just touched the 3500 level on the daily chart.

Neo, I have included the 200ema which is also in play, but could you tell me what the significance is of this indicator. For instance, would you be looking for a close below this line for a short trade?

Dan, I will be looking for a candlestick setup as well for confirmation to go short. As I write, the last candle is a shooting star which I know is not a strong reversal sign, so should I be looking for the next candle to confirm a reversal ie 'Bearish Engulfing etc'?

I am very new to this, so your thoughts would be appreciated.

Please be blunt and honest if I am missing something as I can learn from you people.

Regards

Paul.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Similar to my last post. The EUR/JPY is in a monthly and weekly downtrend. On this daily it has retraced to 50% and touched a round number (112.000) Is this worthy of a trade if we get candlestick confirmation?

I'm on a roll now that I can post charts ha ha.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Told you I was on a roll. I will stop now I promise.

The USD/JPY is in a monthly and weekly downtrend. The green lines on my chart are weekly S&R and Trendlines. The puple trend line is daily.

My observations are: Retraced and consolidated twice at the round number of 84.000 and weekly S&R but can't seem to break through. My concern about going short would be the daily trendline as support on the 50% fib.

My thoughts would be to wait until either weekly S&R is broken to go long (could be a trend change) or if it breaks the last swing low, go short.

Goes without saying to keep an eye on candlestick formations.

I am just trying to get a feel for what you are all looking at, so feel free to rip it apart if you want.

By the way, seems a bit quiet here. Has everyone stopped trading due to xmas looming? or maybe don't want to leave long term trades over the holiday period?

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Im not to sure about your green trendline it seems to be a bit low, on my chart it is no where near touching price.  Id double check that on your weekly tf.

About the daily pinbar candle, or shooting star, fomc is in 25 mins so this candle is very likely to change shape alot.  I wouldnt be entering any trades at all right now.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
I mentioned last week that I probably wouldn't trade anymore for the rest of 2010 but that I would watch the charts...

That being said, the EUR/USD has retraced to an area of interest... support/resistance in the 1.3500 area and multi-fib confluence (as per the chart attached).

If this ends up as a good looking shooting star I will consider adding to my current short position. But I will be extra cautious due to the time of year!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Another potential setup, similar to the EUR/USD is EUR/CAD.

Support/resistance in the 1.3500 area, fib level and downward trendline.

Again... I will be careful, due to the time of year!

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Hi NP,

Yes, when I refer to "key" levels I mean the major areas that you tend to see on the weekly that are normally quite defining of a trend.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Hi Neo,

For the time being I think it's probably easiest just to post trades here (like I have above) but if it does start to get a bit cluttered or people feel that it would be better to get things more organised I would consider trying to setup some kind of separate site (but in connection with this thread) that we could all get involved in but in a slightly more formalised way.

But I think we'll see how it goes here for now. What do you reckon?

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Hi Paul,

I think you are getting it. The most important aspect is to find the correct location to trade from. In this respect, I tend to favour what I refer to as "key" horizontal support/resistance levels. I then look for trendlines and fib levels that might at additional confluence.

It is at these levels that I look for a reversal pattern... so if we get a decent looking shooting star off of 1.35 I would consider trading it.

As I've mentioned before though, I would be extra cautious at this time of year. Christmas markets often seem even more erratic than normal!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #753 ---
The 112/113 area definitely shows up as an area worth watching but it's not a very clear trade. If we do get a shooting star I would only be interested in trading it if we get a good bearish close (i.e. lower than the open price).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #754 ---
I currently favour longs on U/J... mainly because I am long off of the bullish outside bar marked on my chart! I am holding onto this trade because of the potential upside target... last time price made it this low it climbed around 7000 pips!

There are of course no guarantees that this will happen but my chart should explain my "technical" reasons for going long (for clarity I removed the fib levels but they are there too if you are into fibs!).

Regards,

Dan

PS... That is of course just my personal opinion... I could be wrong!!

PPS... If in doubt (over Christmas holidays or anything else) I always say the best course of action is to stay out.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Hey Paul, nice to see you posting charts, thanks for contributing.

The 200ema is what I believe the "big boys" (market movers, etc) use on their charts.  I have heard this from 2 mentors now, so I believe there is validity to this.  I have also heard that the "big boys" only trade the H4 and up TFs...so I believe we are in line with looking at the charts the way the market movers do.  That said, it is not suggested or recommended to "trade the 200ema".  The idea is to use it as one more element of confluence to determine way the trend is moving.  When both the D1 and H4 TFs have price on the same side of the 200ema, I feel that the trend is more easily defined.  I try (my best) to trade in the direction of the 200ema (only take shorts when below it and only take longs when above it)...but I break that "rule" often.  Of course there is always the time that an MA will be breached...and price will move to the other side...when that happens, it's nice to use your other "elements" to determine where and when to enter so that you can use them all together and not be stuck to one.  My favorite "elements" to use in determining to enter a trade go in this order: 50% Fib retracement Round Numbers (the xx.00) Support and Resistance lines (hand drawn from the Weekly down to the H4) 200ema Stochastic (8,3,3 setting) used only for OS/OB and divergence/convergence Trend lines (hand drawn from the Weekly down to the H4)

Cheers,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Thanks for all your feedback guys. It seems I am not too far away from seeing what you see.

NP I will double check my trendlines.

Dan I will keep an eye on the EUR/USD. CAD and JPY for candle formations and decide what to do whilst considering the holiday period.

Neo, you may be interested in watching USD/JPY as you have highlighted 50% Fib and round numbers as your top two area's of interest and thats where price seems to be at the moment. And thanks for explaining the 200 ema, makes a lot of sense.

7000 pips ....WOW. Wouldn't that be a trade to tell my mates about in the pub (I wish)

Regards

Paul.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
The 200ema is what I believe the "big boys" (market movers, etc) use on their charts. I have heard this from 2 mentors now, so I believe there is validity to this.

Hello Neo, it's an interesting point about the 200 ma. I know it's a popular choice, but i remember being told that it was used more commonly in stock and commodity markets, rather than fx. How true that is, i'm not sure.

On my daily charts i use 20 and 50ema's, and also have the 100 and 250, which is the weekly 20 and 50 obviously. This just helps me gauge the longer term trend, without having to toggle back and forth between screens.

Obviously a trader should use the ma's he is personally comfortable with, i guess you could make a case for any period. In truth i guess you probably wouldn't find a huge difference between the 200 and 250.

Regards

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Right, I guess the difference isn't that great.  But indeed, the 200ema (exponential) is the MA that several "pro traders/mentors" say the "market makers/institutional traders/hedge funds/banks" use in the Forex market.

I used to use the 100ma and I have found that it is very similar to the 200ema...but lower than 100 is too tight for me...since I don't trade MA crosses.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Hi Gang,

Just reread the whole thread again today to try and ingrain the method into my brain!!

I've just finished working through a few pairs and was very pleased with myself when I came across the E/U. In downtrend, pinbar forming off 1.34/1.35 area, double fib confluence. Very nice I thought. Saved the screenshot and logged on to FF only to find I've been beaten to it!!

It was pleasing to see that my chart matched yours Dan!

PS. Dan, the S/R lines on my chart were taken from a weekly chart zoomed out. When dropping down to the daily timeframe, there are other areas of s/r that now show up. Should I be drawing these on the chart aswell???

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Dan, I've just been looking at U/J. The main trendline on my chart is the same as yours but I'm a little confused by the smaller upward trendline you have on your chart.

The start of this trendline is at the swing low. How soon after this candle are you able to draw in the line? If I was drawing the trendline, I wouldn't have started to plot it until the BUOB (the one that you traded)was formed and therefore wouldn't have even considered that BUOB as tradeable. Hope I've made some sort of sense!

The BEOB that formed yesterday was at 61.8 Fib of last down swing and off the 84/85 area caught my eye. Although the trendline has been broken this area of S/R hadn't. I thought this could continue the downtrend????

Thanks

Mark

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Hi,

I use the 200 EMA as well (not as a cross, but as an indication when to watch price action for an entry). For me the main difference between the EMAs is the scale. If you do 200 EMA crosses, or use them as S/R you'd expect for a move generated by that to last longer and bring in more pips than a move/signal generated by the 20 or 50 EMA.

BTW: on my chart EURUSD pinbar on the Daily chart off the 200 EMA. Woke up excited as a kid in the candy shop (actually I am in a trade already).

Kindest Regards,

Cam

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Great thread! I thoroughly enjoyed the charts you guys have posted.

Helps lockdown and understand what you guys are watching and perhaps even considering to take up the trade if it meets my own criterias!

Keep it up!

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Thanks for posting your new charts Dan. It's very helpful. I think that I and others, need to first get the hang of the trend direction. This isn't always such a clear cut thing. So your charts and your analysis are quite valuable.

Also, I have to agree 100% with your advice to concentrate on the daily TF. If we can't trade that well, then the 4H is a non-starter.

Finally, I want to say that there are things posted on here that isn't reflected in Dan's method. While interesting, I hope we don't start adding or endorsing anything but what Dan has already laid out. It may be confusing to people just coming to the thread. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Totally agree...if I'm one of those people, please let me know.

I took a UJ long at the same level Dan did...after reading his post!--since price came back to the same area!  Heh.  I did wonder though: Could we have entered long 60'ish pips earlier...off the small IB the day before?

Kind Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #765 ---
We had nice entry signal , 4H pinbar with confluence.

I like idea of separate web-site with real-time market analysis. Ready to participate)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Hi Mark,

Nice chart. That E/U short should be up around 90 pips now... hopefully we will see that continue to grow!

I think you've got the correct S/R levels on your chart. I believe it is these "key" areas that are of most interest to us - they tend to be the areas that really move the market (or tend to cap it during retracements, such as we have seen today/yesterday). My advice would be to keep it simple and stick to these levels and more or less disregard S/R that appears below the weekly timeframe. I'm not saying they can't be used but for the purposes of this method they are not required.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hi Mark,

That trendline is a "developing" trendline - I perhaps should not have posted a chart with it on but I occasionally keep my line on potential/developing trendlines if the situation warrants it.

In this particular instance (going back to early November) I was short U/J and was anticipating the 83.00 level to cap the retracement but as it didn't (and price broke up above it) I considered the possibility of a trend change taking place. When this happens I will look for a candlestick pattern to confirm my thinking on a retracement... which happened when price came back down to test 83.00 and formed a nice looking BUOB.

Technically speaking (so far as my theory goes at least) the trendline is not valid it is only considered "developing". If however this swing manages to get above the recent highs (of about 84.30) then I will consider it to be a technically valid trendline.

I hope that makes things a bit clearer!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Good stuff! Hopefully no one will take anything posted as trade signals as that's not the intention but with a bit of luck newbies might be able to use some of the analysis posted to support their own (as you suggest).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #769 ---
I love the idea of a watch list.  I watch this thread daily at least.  It's nice to see what others are thinking, I know I've seen things others saying no to a trade because of something they saw that I missed and it saved me money.

This is also great cause i'm trying so hard to move into a longer term trading and I'm having a harder time with this than i have with most things in my life.  It's helping me a lot.

Good luck and happy trades

Simple

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Dan, I was thinking the trendline is used as a gauge to where possible entries may exist. Ideally they would point to strong s/r areas. And if they match up with 50% fibs, all the better.

Or in this instance, are you saying that a break of the trendline may mean a trend change? In which case the setup may be invalid.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Hi Magic,

I'm glad to be of some help! It's easy to forget sometimes that it's not always easy to see things clearly!

As you suggest, I think it's extremely important to learn how to read a trend... as this is more important than the actual entries (in my opinion at least). That is partly why I decided to try and post some weekly analysis (rather than just posting the odd trade here and there) because I think it might help some to see what I see and I am sure also there will be times when others can enlighten me as to what they're seeing! Works both ways lol!

With regards to some of the things that aren't necessarily part of my approach... I haven't said anything yet as I don't like to appear as a thread Nazi! But I have noticed a couple of oscillators and the odd squiggly line appear!

I am not an anti-indicator person as I am sure there are times that indicators help however I would note that as far as this method is concerned they are an unnecessary diversion. I know, from my own experience that it is very tempting to put on an extra indy for a little extra confirmation but I think the best thing I did for my trading was to drop all reliance on indicators and learn to analyse price action and use the most basic of tools (support/resistance, trendlines, retracements) to guide my entries. Learning to read "price action" (to which I mean the movement of price rather than individual price bars) is an important step to successful trading.

Keep it simple and keep it focused. Success is not far behind that little statement!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Nice one! I've actually done that sort of thing myself before when I've missed the original entry and price retraces a little (so long as the trade isn't technically invalidated it should be ok I guess!).

I don't trade IBs until they break the high of the setup bar so in this instance that would have resulted in an entry higher than the BUOB entry. However, even if we could have got in 60 pips earlier it probably won't matter too much in the big picture... if we hit a 7000 pip home run off of this trade will you worry to much if you missed the first 60 pips?

Of course, in reality we may not see 7000 pips and even if we did there's a good chance that greed or fear may have kicked us out of the trade or even a temporary down move in the overall uptrend (in theory). But my point is that the great thing about long term trend trading is that we can be a little more relaxed about this sort of thing!

Relaxed, stress-free, liberating (in the sense of time) and profitable trading should be the goal of everyone here!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Hi Ihor,

Glad to see someone else ready to join in but can I just ask... are you profitable trading the daily timeframe yet? You don't have to answer that here but I would like everyone to consider sticking with dailies until they are profitable.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Hi Simpleguy,

I hope this does turn into something that will be helpful to all aspiring traders. The one thing I would ask people to remember though is due to the fact that we are mainly trading the dailies there will be a lot of times when there simply isn't a lot to shout about! But when there is I hope we will all be able to chime in and create something that helps us all.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Hi Magic,

In this particular case we had both the break of the trendline and most importantly "key" support/resistance in the 82.50/83.00 area.

For me it is the "key" areas of support/resistance that are most important. Trendlines and fibs are always second to them but I do use them to help guage potential "areas of interest" that I want to trade from.

Hope that makes things clearer; but if not please feel free to continue asking.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Dan, would the setup bar in this case be the bar previous to the inside bar? You dont trade the break of the inside bar?

Cheers

Mark

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Ok. When I was drawing the key S/R on the weekly chart, the 83 level wasn't clear so I didn't draw it in.

I would agree with previous posts that establishing the trend is harder than it sounds.

Thanks for your help

Mark

--- 帖子 #778 ---
If only mine was real money!!!

With regards to moving stop to breakeven, I intend to move to breakeven around the 1.32 area which is at the lows of the 4 bars previous to the pinbar. Would this be correct or would you wait for the 1.29/1.30 key s/r resistance area?

Thanks

Mark

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Anybody been watching this potential EJ setup on the D1 to go short?

It's coming off the 50% and off a resistance line.

Yesterday's candle was some kind of bearish candle (almost engulfing/OB...but not quite)...bearish nonetheless.

Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Hi Dan,

I am reading for the second time your thread and I started to build my charts based on your method. I started with the USD/CHF because it has a nice weekly downtrend. I will attach a few charts and ask you a few questions if you do not mind. Please see the attached chart and comment on the S/L. Would you choose the same areas of interest from the weekly chart?

I know that these should be zones of S/R with a +/- 50 pips range but I drew only the lines to keep the chart easier to read. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Hi Dan,

I switched to the Daily Chart and I tried to add the trendlines. I found four possible trendlines:

- 3 downtrend (blue, yellow, purple)

- 1 uptrend (green).

Please comment on my trendlines selection. Which ones should I keep on my chart and why? Thank you!

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Anybody been watching this potential EJ setup on the D1 to go short?

Hi Neo.

As mentioned in my post (748) I have been keeping an eye on this pair. With the confirmation of a bearish reversal bar I am very tempted. I don't mind losing a few pips by waiting to see what other people and Dan thinks. Is there something hidden that I haven't spotted. As a newbie and using real money, I'm just a bit nervous. Would you put stop around 112.300?

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Hi Dan,

The third step would be to add the Fibs. You say the the Fibs should be drawn using the most recent swing in the direction of the trend. Which one would you use: the red one or the blue one?
Thank you!
PS: Please let me know if I posted to many questions/charts at the same time.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
I have a sell stop below yesterday's D1 candle to take it short.  And yes...it's a big SL around the 112.300 area.  Just trade smaller position to compensate.  I'm only risking 0.5% on this trade.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Hi All,

I will give my 2pip opinion. Please be aware that I am a newbie and I trade a demo account.

My view is that this is a reasonable good setup:

1. It seems that the new uptrend failed to develop. After a higher high and a higher low, we had lower highs and lower lows.

2. The old downtrend may be valid as the yesterday bearish candle comes from a the old trendline. Additionaly we have a nice confluence: S/R at 112.00, and 50-62 Fib.

Personnaly, I will take it (demo !!!) at the break of the bearish candle.

Dan please confirm/infirm my analysis. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Good observation about the old trendline Windpip. I agree with entering after the break of yesterdays low. I would feel more confident then.

Also as extra confirmation I have posted the Weekly chart below and it shows a few weeks ago that the downtrend line was breached but the following week price closed below. Price now seems to be cautious about breaking up through to close, it's had a spike but came back, so this could be extra resistance.

Regards

--- 帖子 #787 ---
EUR/JPY

I'm in SHORT at 111.20

I now need a strategy to get out ha ha, but I have set my SL.

Regards

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Good luck with the trade Paul & Neo. I'm interested to hear if Dan thinks that a candle that almost is a BEOB is good enough when at an area of confluence.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Hi Mark.

Dan favours S&R (Location) above anything else, especially at round numbers, so in hindsight I should have waited until a break through 111.00 (another 20 pips) His favoured Fib retracement is 50% as well.

So for this particular trade, putting together strong S&R, 50% Fib, bearish OB, (Although not the best) and heading towards the 111.00 as I write. I should feel confident. But as a relative newbie I still have my fingers crossed. Interested in Dans thoughts.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Hi Mark,

Strictly speaking the inside bar setup is at least a two bar setup... it suggests indecision with the inability of the second bar to break the high or low of the setup bar. Taking the break of the second bar is a much riskier entry as price has not actually broken out of the area of indecision (i.e. the first engulfing bar).

The inside bar setup is probably the candlestick pattern that I favour the least (out of the triggers I use) and as such I am extra cautious about using it.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Hi Mark,

Don't forget to think of demo money as real money! It helps with the discipline.

Re: moving your stop - I wouldn't argue with what you are planning to do.

These days I tend to use a "soft" stop loss more often than a hard stop (although I do of course place a hard stop) and on most occasions I close trades manually, but that is just a personal preference of mine. I think what you are planning to do makes sense.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hi Neo,

On my feed that candle was a bearish engulfing candle (the body engulfed the previous day's body) and a valid trigger to go short.

Could the next stop be 110? Time will tell!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Hi Windpip,

No problem. My lines aren't identical to yours but they are very similar. So long as you remember that they represent an area more than a line (which you mentioned) you should do fine.

These levels now represent your "areas of interest" (or places to trade from).

Good start

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Hi Dan et-al. Just found this thread and thought I'd say hello. Have skimmed thru and found it really interesting. When I have time I will try and study it. I am very new to trading but will try and keep any questions to a minimum.

Thanx

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Hi Windpip,

Good question.

There are often times when there are more than one trendline to consider so I am glad you asked.

First of all your blue trendline I consider to be a "developing" trendline - it isn't technically valid until the current swing exceeds the recent low in the 0.9500 area. If that happens I would then consider that to be a technically valid trendline and something I would call your "outer" trendline.

Your yellow trendline again is a "developing" trendline and again it is worth keeping an eye on.

Your green trendline isn't quite how I would draw it... I have attached a chart of how mine would look. This is a counter-trend trendline and in my perspective (as you can see in my chart) price has broken below it, come back to re-test it and formed a reasonable looking shooting star off it (although the day is not closed yet).

Finally, you purple trendline is valid although it is quite steep and steeper trendlines tend to break sooner. I tend to consider this as an "inner" trendline.

Just like fibs there are times when you will have more than one trendline to watch and you have identified them well.

Use these lines in confluence with your support/resistance levels in order to find a high probability setup.

I actually think the break of the counter-trend trendline and possibility of today's shooting star is looking like a reasonable setup. It has confluence with resistance in the 97.00 area and has also formed off of the 38.2 (and almost 50%) fib level. The only trouble I have with this trade though is that potential trouble is not far away (highlighted by the small blue box on my chart). Certainly worth considering though!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Hi Paul,

I hope you are using low leverage if you are using real money while you learn! I actually think it is good to trade with real money whilst you are learning but only if you are using very low leverage and can afford to lose the whole lot lol!

With regards to the trade... personally I think the E/J trade is passable. I know it's hard to not pull the trigger (especially if there aren't many other trades presenting themselves) but patience is key here.

The trade may work out but my advice to anyone, especially if they are new to trading, is to be selective about your trades. Try and pick the ones that are easily identifiable. If you really have to look for a reason to trade it could just be that it's not worth the effort.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Hi Windpip,

That's ok - questions are quite welcome. There are times when I can't answer quickly but I will always endeavour to reply at some point!

The USD/CHF isn't the perfect example for fibbing but out of the two you plotted I would be more interested in the blue one... the reason being is that a retracement up into the levels of the red fib would be around 1000 pips from the low which is more likely to be a reversal than a retracement!

Now, although it isn't a big swing there is also a smaller fib that I would pay attention to... and that is the most recent swing south (as per my chart).

Again, it's one of those things where you may need to keep an eye on a couple of possible fibs.

This can get a bit too complicated if you try and analyse every possible scenario so my advice would be to keep it as simple as possible. If it is a clear and obvious swing than it is worth applying a fib too and seeing if it provides any additional confluence. If it is hard to spot then it probably can be avoided!

As clear as mud!? Time and practice will of course help with things so keep at it!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Ah, perhaps I should have read this before I cautioned the trade, lol! Not to worry though - I think it has a good chance of working out.

I just wanted to clarify though...

A bearish outside bar would have had a higher high than the previous bar and a lower close.

In this case we did not have a higher high but the actual body of the candle did engulf the body of the previous candle (and had a lower close) and therefore qualifies as a bearish engulfing bar/candle.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Hello lukyman,

Feel free to ask... this is a learning thread so you are quite welcome!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Hi one and all.

Thought I'd offer this to the thread.

Hope this fits with Dans criteria.

Shorter term trend line clearly broken.

Longer term still valid.

Sitting on key 0.7400 level.

Resistance turned into support.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Hi Paul,

I hope you are using low leverage if you are using real money while you learn! I actually think it is good to trade with real money whilst you are learning but only if you are using very low leverage and can afford to lose the whole lot lol!

Hi Dan.

I'm not risking much at all but it is real money, I would rather learn this way to get used to the disappointments along the way, but hopefully will have less of those compared to wins. I will look at the account and pip value at the end of every month.

Not a good start though, the E/J went against me for a 45 pip loss.

Better luck next time. I think in hindsight I would have waited for a price drop through 111.000 (round number) which never happened.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Hi one and all.

Thought I'd offer this to the thread.

Hope this fits with Dans criteria.

Shorter term trend line clearly broken.

Longer term still valid.

Sitting on key 0.7400 level.

Resistance turned into support.

Hi Paul.

Thanks for your contribution. This is certainly one to watch.

Regards

Paul.

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Hi paul, its the quote button in the bottom right of the post you want to quote that you are looking for, rather than copying and pasting

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Got it. Thanks NP. That's made life a bit easier.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Hi Paul,

To me this looks like a short. I tend to gauge the trend on the daily chart and the flow at present is down.

The breaking of the daily trendline would suggest to me that lower prices are ahead. Just my humble opinion... I could be wrong of course!

Regards.

Dan

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Hi Paul,

Where did you place your stop? On my feed, this short should still be in play.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Hi Paul,

To me this looks like a short. I tend to gauge the trend on the daily chart and the flow at present is down.

The breaking of the daily trendline would suggest to me that lower prices are ahead. Just my humble opinion... I could be wrong of course!

Regards.

Dan[/quote]

Afternoon Dan,

I totally agree with you on the break of the daily trendline.

It just seemed appropriate to show the really big picture on the weekly as well.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Hi Dan.

I'm gutted having seen where E/J has fallen. Due to my leverage I placed my stop just above the high of the day at 111.65. I guess it should have been 112.20 region.

Never mind. That's why I'm here.....To learn.

Not too much lost and we do have to learn to take them.

Regards

Paul.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Gotcha!

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Hi Paul,

That's ok - I'm sure we've all done that once or twice! The important thing now is not to rush into any new trade because you feel you missed out on this one... remain objective at all times!

For future trades I would recommend placing your stop above the high (or low if it is a long). That way you avoid getting stopped out early whilst the trade is playing out.

It may be that position sizing with your broker won't allow this in which case I would recommend considering Oanda. I'm not sure if I'm allowed to recommend a broker but when it comes to position sizing Oanda are really good... unlike other brokers they do not work on the traditional lot size; they use their own sizing which means you can tailor your position so that it meets your % risk to literally within a couple of pennies! I don't like their charts though so!

Just something to think about!

You are of course correct though - taking losses is part of the game!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Very good advice, Dan.  This has been my tendency when losing a trade...and the cause for my ruin many-a-time.

Sorry Paul, to hear you got stopped out.  I am in profit now with +60 pips on this EJ short...I had the same draw down you did and I felt like pulling the plug, but decided to let my stop stay where it was originally placed (above the high of the swing +5 pips)...thankfully price has dropped back down as originally anticipated.  I'll set my stop to BE +5 and let this one stay on over the weekend.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Got stopped out today at breakeven. Todays high was just 7 pips above my stop.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Hi Dan,

Thank you for the input!

I will continue building my daily charts and follow the thread. As you said, practice will make it better.

Regards,

WindPip

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Hope your right Dan, I entered that trade a few days ago.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
GJP, remember...Dan's not responsible for any trades we may take.  The ultimate decision to take or not take a trade is each person's to make.  This is not a signal service, but rather a thread devoted to training how to do Advanced Trend Trading and using current examples to help in the process.

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #816 ---
i've only just shorted eurusd off an H4 pin bar at 1.34, i have never pyramided to a winning position so in order to break into 'riding it all' i'm going to scale out at the lows and back in when another signal forms.

what i will do is look for good entries of s/r , once those hit their targets i will scale out most of them, say 2/3 and then when another trade comes along i will add the 2/3 back in but further away, kind of an out of volatility trailing stop on the trend.

i am only trading eurusd dan, do you think only one pair is enough?

i will mainly be using the 8/21 emas of daily charts to help with trend,generally it seems to work

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Thanks Neo. No major disaster, I am determined to get this right and losing will become part of that learning curve, as long as I manage my money correctly and listen to you guys to see where I went wrong. So thanks all for your feed back and good luck with your short E/J Neo.

Dan, Thanks for the Oanda link, I will check it out as at the moment I can only trade in full pound lots.

I will just monitor things now guys and start making a journal of pairs to watch and what I would have done. Then start back trading again in the new year. So taking Neo and Dans advise of not rushing into another trade.

If I don't post again next week, I wish you all a merry xmas and a very prosperous new year.

Kind regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #818 ---
For anybody interested, here is my weekly analysis video:

Weekly Analysis

Best Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Hi Dan,

Could you please provide me with some figures on the expectancy of the system. I have been trying to apply this over the last few months and keep getting whipped about by the markets.

Pretty much all if the trades I have entered have shown me profit only to turn around and stop me out at break even or for a loss. Granted The losses are not to big but I do wonder whether it would be beet just to take the profits off the table.

Could you please let me know since you turned to this approach of riding the big moves what your expectancy is?

I really do love this approach and it seems to make sense, certainly when you look at the charts it does, but the reality is more difficult :-)

Thanks for the help and contribution, you are one in a million

PipR

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Sitting on my hands with this one.

Break of trendline and retest from underside.

However price is now range bound within the last 2 legs of a clearly defined ABC correction.

No follow through either on the bearish bar from Wed.

Still on the watch list.

Thoughts anyone?

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Dan, Thanks for the Oanda link, I will check it out as at the moment I can only trade in full pound lots.

Hi Paul, as you're UK based, you could try SmartLiveMarkets.

They are a spreadbetting company, but i've found them to be good.

Their charts are good, as they use MT4.

Also, the minimum trade size is 10 pence a pip.You can trade at this size for ever if you wish, it doesn't have to increase after a certain time, unlike most other sb companies.

Regards

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Hi Yogi..

Thanks for this. I have just checked them out and they look good. As long as I stick with the Major pairs, the spreads are quite good. But saying that, as we are looking for the big home runs a few pips here or there shouldn't matter.

I will transfer my funds in the new year and then I can stick to the rules on more realistic stops.

Regards

Paul.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
This trade was taken from my own assessment of the daily chart, not sure why you think otherwise?

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Hey there, didn't mean to say that you based your trade on Dan's comments...I just thought that since you said "Hope you're right Dan..." that in case Dan feels the responsibility of anyone taking trades that he comments on, that there may be more pressure, or apprehension in giving trade setups...as he has stated this is not a signal service.

Again, didn't mean to say you took this trade because of Dan, just mention for everyone's sake and to relieve Dan from any responsibility for people's trading.

Kind Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #825 ---
This NU setup looks interesting (for a long with a break above today's bullish candle...if we get one)...but I'm torn on this one as the trend looks bearish based on swing analysis.  The Weekly TL and the 200 ema acting as support coupled with the 61.8% level getting a clean bounce are making me thing of testing the bullish waters out...but it's Christmas week!  What to do!??

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Good evening Neo,

I know how you feel. Looks inviting doesn't it? Thing is I've just covered my 2 short positions on the bounce off that weekly tl. I'm only looking to the downside personally. I expect the tl to break soon.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Thanks for the heads up, Paul.  I also noticed that we recently had a smaller AB=CD pattern complete on the NU...not that the down move is over, but just a point of interest.  It's easier seen on the H4 since it was only a 250 pip move each leg.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #828 ---
(Disclaimer: It's Christmas week!--not the best time to be doing this!)

That said...

I'm not suggesting others jump into this trade, but it is something I discussed in my weekly analysis of a setup that looked to be forming.  The AJ on the D1; last week, price broke resistance of 83.00, then came back to retest it and now we have a BUOB that just closed.  I just set a buy stop above the high of yesterday's candle...with a very small position.

Best Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #829 ---
The issue I have with this setup is we are missing a 50% confirmation. . .

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Good point...and you're right!--unless...you drop it down to the H1...though there wasn't an exact 50% retracement...it did pass the 38% retracement and got close to 50%.  Still...not a trade for the books.  The Asian spike that happened a couple hours ago got me in the trade...I'm now long the AJ.

Kind Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #831 ---
i don't  use fundamentals , but as an aside ...some states are broke...thier muni bonds maybe headed toward junk status .... this muni bond ETF is looking spooked

anyone know where i can find a good scanner ? would like to scan the universe of etf's and currency pairs for hammers , engulfing candles and inside bars.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
That's a great setup. No need for trendlines as it matches support, fib retracement, and candlestick signal. Well, almost candlestick signal. DanUK could provide his analysis on that.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Short on the break of inside bar.

B/E level @ 108.50 support.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Hey NeoRio,

My technical analysis with NZDUSD is exactly the same as yours! The confluence of the long term trend line and the 61.8 fib level as well as the subsequent bounce up definitely looks too tempting. I posted my chart in another thread and didn't notice yours till now lol. Personally the confluence of support(trendline) and the fib level 61.8 would give me the confidence to go long with SL just below the trendline, but as a conservative trader I would wait for the most recent trend(which is down) to break its relevant down trendline or maybe a 123 formation.

Trading is not gambling, it's tilting the odds in your favour!

On a side note, while trendlines were drawn by connecting relevant highs/lows of candles together, I would like to seek the opinion of everyone as to how they draw Support/resistance lines; do you attempt to connect the high/lows of candles just like trendlines or the close of the candles instead, or trying to incorporate both to make it a somewhat best-fit line? Your input is highly appreciated.

Thanks and regards!

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Hi Maveri4k,

In one of Dan's early posts he stated his way of marking s/r was by picking levels and rounding up or down to 00 levels. This will sometimes cut through bodies of some candles and touch wicks of others. IMHO this is prob the way many approach this subjective issue. You could ask 100 traders how they do it and get 100 different answers. Each will have their own merits. Personally I find drawing a zone of interest rather than an exact level gives a better perspective. Experimentation is the only way to find what you are comfortable with.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #836 ---
I've just sold this off the break of the daily pinbar, also off 61.8 fib and weekly s/r, and downwards trendline. Definitely not the best time of the year to be trading but its just a small position, Lets see.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Doesn't look that NU short is turning out too good...sorry to see.  I didn't take the NU long I discussed last week, but it would be in profit by about 15 pips right now...anyone's call as to how it could go now.

The EJ short I took last week is currently at +243 pips...will hold till the 108.33 area to see if it breaks through that last low from several weeks ago...or if it stalls there.

Regards

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Hi Neo.

Although I'm gutted about losing this E/J trade (if you remember we got in at about the same time, but had different S/L and mine was hit at -45) I am really pleased that you kept the trade because I can see what could have happened with better MM on my part. In other words, I'm taking the positives.

Well done.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Not to worry, NaughtyPip, I think your short entry was a better technical setup than my long bias; the swing analysis definitely points to a down trend.  The only thing(s) that were pushing me towards going long were the 200EMA, the support level of 0.7348 and the daily TL being bounced off of...oh, and the Stochastic (it was over sold).  This time of year is notorious for erratic PA.

Kind Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Fast forward 4 days and we find ourselves here.

Now is this:-

A) A false break from an inside bar into a double top ?

B) Profit taking before another assault on new highs ?

C) End of year book squaring ?

D) All of them.

Question No. 2

Trend up or down?

Answers on a postcard please.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Are you long the ACa?  Sorry if I missed your entry post, but it sounds like you may be in a long, or long biased?  I'd pull a fib from the last significant swing low to the high that formed around the 28th of October to see if that reversal area around the 1st of December was a 50'ish Fib retracement.

The "false break" that you mentioned, it is not coming off of a pullback.  Generally it's best to enter the market on pullbacks and not breaks of consolidation.  I personally do trade breaks of consolidation, but only on smaller TFs.  If you want to get in these ATT trades at the best place, it would be at a pullback.

The time of year I'm sure is having a great effect on all pairs right now.  Not the best time for ATT, but actually a pretty good time for BO trading on the smaller frames...which have given some pretty neat trades these past 2 weeks.

Kind Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Hi Neo,

I do not understand what you mean with the above statement (I am a newbie ).

Do you take the inside bar setup only after a retracement and you do not take it when there is a continuation of the trend (after a period of consolidation)?

Can you please explain it? Thank you!

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Hi TGpop,

Sorry for the slow reply... I've been in bed most of the week with flu!

I'm not sure about scaling in and out... seems a bit over complicated for my liking! But as far as trading one currency pair goes - I would say that in theory trading one pair would be fine. The gains I have made from the EUR/USD this past year have been fantastic - and I don't mean that to sound big headed; I just mean that there have been plenty of great opportunities trading the Euro on it's own.

I think it would be fair to say though that confining yourself to just the one pair does have a potential downside. And that is, it could be argued, that you are unnecessarily restricting yourself. For instance it may be that the Euro enters a range of consolidation and it becomes unclear which direction you want to trade whilst the Pound may be in a clear trend giving great signals that you would have traded if you had been watching.

So my advice would be to concentrate on one currency pair if you feel most comfortable with that but given that we are mainly trading daily candles here it shouldn't do any harm just to keep an eye on a couple of other currency pairs as well, as part of the learning experience.

Now... on to your little sin! EMAs! I am not an anti-indicator person however I genuinely believe that you will learn to read price action much better if you do without them. I know this is easier said than done but the results are worth it if you persevere. These days I can look at almost any chart and without the need for plotting anything other than price I could tell you what the trend is. The reason I can do this is I have learned to "read" price and understand what it is telling me rather than rely on an indicator to tell me what price is already telling me.

If you (or anyone else) is struggling with the concept of reading price action to gauge the trend and feels the need to add an indicator or two to help please STOP and ASK! The whole point of this thread is to help people learn and if people need help to learn this aspect then we should talk about it here. Arguably, this is the most important skill to achieve when it comes to this method and perhaps any other trend based trading method.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Hi PipR,

To be honest I have never before bothered to calculate expectancy or much else. When it comes to measuring performance I do it based on whether I am making a profit or not. I think too many traders obsess with calculating the best way to extract the most from the market but fail to do so because they don't put the same amount of effort into their actual trading skills.

Also, due to the way in which this trading method grows with the trend it is hard to say that expectancy will be "X" because you never know how far a trend is going to go.

That being said, based on this years' performance, a very quick and crude number crunching exercise comes out with expectancy of 760 pips profit per trade.

Now, coming back to your original problem... the fact that you are getting whipped out of your trades. First of all, let me just say that I have tried to trend trade with a smaller trailing stop and had success but all in all I would say the longer term approach is more profitable and much less stressful. And to be frank, it is easier too. I should also stress that it is the exit that makes the trader! There are many ways to enter the market but if you aren't leaving at the right time (either too late or too early) then you aren't going to make the most out of your endeavor.

Getting whipped out of the market happens but let's not automatically assume it is a fault of the method. It probably just means you need to either refine your entry technique or adjust your trade management to suit the market condition. It is, of course, easy to say this and something else altogether to actually do it. But as I mentioned in an earlier post - that's what this thread is for! If you are having problems with your entries then please post them here and we can analyse and discuss.

So, if you would like to post a couple of charts, perhaps even of these recent whipped trades we could have a look and see what's really going on!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Hi Neo,

Although I personally wouldn't be placing any trades until next year I see NU as bearish at the moment. If it had been a normal trading week I think I would have been interested in watching for a selling opportunity at 0.7500.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Lol! Now that's cheating!

Just wanted to bring something up that I felt was important with regards to this setup missing the 50% retracement level.

The most important thing to look for is for price to retrace to a key support/resistance level. If that happens, and price forms one of our setup candles then I am interested in trading. It doesn't necessarily have to have a trendline or a fib level present.

My checklist, goes something like this...

1. Are we with the trend?

2. Has price retraced to a key support/resistance level?

3. Has price retraced to a fib level?

4. Has price retraced to a trendline?

5. Has price formed a "trigger"?

If you can answer yes to 1, 2 and 5 you have got yourself a setup. If you can answer yes to 3 and 4 as well you've got even more reason to believe in your trade!

Of course, there are no guarantees - things could still go wrong even if you feel you have the perfect setup. But so long as you adhere to these rules you shouldn't go far off course, with a little practice!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #847 ---
That's an interesting setup you've got there! I am not overly keen on inside bars but when I do trade them I use the break of the setup bar as the entry not the actual "inside" bar. The reason being that the "inside" bar signals indecision within the high and low of the previous (engulfing) bar. So, from a technical perspective if you enter on the break of the "inside" bar you aren't entering based on an "inside bar setup". You are just trading off of a "down" day.

I see you are using Pro Real Time - I believe they have a scanner built in to scan for candlestick patterns.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Hi Maveri4k,

I would like to confirm what uncle gromit said. S/R levels are best drawn and aligned with round numbers. However, this method takes into account only the key levels that tend to be seen on a weekly chart and these do not usually fall as a "to the pip" line - they tend to be an area of 50 - 100 pips.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Hi Paul,

It's often hard to deal with missed opportunities so it's good to see you stay positive! The thing to remember is that you correctly identified the setup - it was only a minor technicality that caught you out.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Hi Paul,

It's a little more tricky because of the time of year but if I was looking to trade this at the moment I would be thinking of buying.

I would like to see price come down to test 1.0000 and form a hammer (or another nice looking trigger) and then buy the break upwards. If, however price dropped to 1.0000 and broke below it would be time to reassess this situation.

However, even if this did happen at the moment I wouldn't trade it... trading is over for me until 2011!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Hello Windpip,

I think you have understood correctly. This method is not about trading inside bars as "continuation" bars but only when price retraces back to an "area of interest".

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Hi Paul,

Just realised that I didn't answer Question No. 1! And to be honest I don't think I or anyone else really can. Truth is, no one knows for sure what price is doing or is going to do. All we can do is ask the right questions and see if we can make an educated guess as to what price is most likely going to do. Question No. 2 was one of the "right" questions.

The next question you should be asking yourself is "if I am going to trade this (regardless of direction) where would I be interested in trading from"? Or asked another way... where are the "areas of interest" on that chart?

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Right chaps, I think I am up together with all Q&A now! I will continue to check back to see if there are any more questions or discussions to be had but for now I would like to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy & Prosperous New Year!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Thanks for the insight Dan you made everything much clearer as always.  Merry christmas and a happy new year!

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Merry christmas and happy new year everyone!!

--- 帖子 #856 ---
@ DanUk,,

how about my analysis,,??

i hope GU continue downtrending

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Good checklist.  By "trigger" do you mean a candle formation?  If so, would you mind listing your favorite candle formations in their order of priority?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #858 ---
merry xmas to all

--- 帖子 #859 ---
From reading the neginning of the thread, as far as I am aware dan only trades pinbar ( shooting star and hammer) and outside bar (engulfing patterns).  For me these patterns are the only ones that are credible.

In my opinion there are way too many different candle patterns to consider and I often wonder if steve nison really actually practices what he preaches in his books or whether he just needed to fill 200 pages of formations in order to make his book go for more than $40 a piece.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Now, there is a challenge. http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s..._the_floor.gif

Hehe, not even I think this is codable into an ea. I might be able to offer the occasional little thingy to help. We shall see; I am only on P7 so far, so still a bit of reading to go.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Heh, I've heard from several sources that Steve is not a trader, so I imagine you're right.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Hi andelumut,

Yes I agree, G/U looks like it is heading down at the moment. The level I was looking for (that was hit today) was 1.5500 - which you can see from the attached chart is one of those important levels that price seems to find!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Any thoughts about the daily pb that is forming on eurgbp? I know it hasn't really retraced much yet but is sitting at res level at 8550 to 8600 area.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Hi NeoRio,

Yes I do mean a candle formation. My favourite candlestick pattern would be the hammer/shooting star followed by the bullish/bearish outside bar and the bullish/bearish engulfing bar. Any of them at an "area of interest" is a good looking trade to me.

I do also pay attention to inside bar setups but I only tend to trade them when I am adding to an existing position that is already in profit - I don't tend to trade them otherwise. The reason being is that the setup itself already signals indecision so the trade is not as "certain" was a good reversal setup (such as a shooting star).

That's about it though, I don't tend to trade anything more than those few - and that is simply down to my own experience in using them as "tools". So far, I have found them to be more reliable than other formations. I believe that by limiting myself to trading from the best locations with setups that I have confidence in I am more likely going to limit the number of trades I take and reduce my "exposure" in that sense.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #865 ---
That's right... being picky about your trading parameters works two ways - it helps to increase your chances of a positive trade by taking better setups and reduces your likelihood of large drawdown by limiting your exposure to the market.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Hi Steve,

Good to see you having a look! Personally, I think the method is more reliant on judgment than anything codable but you are the man for the job if I am wrong! Lol!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Hi jcalow,

I wouldn't be taking any trades at the moment, due to the holiday season, but it is a nice looking bar! If it were at any other time I would still be concerned that you would be trading directly into 0.8500 which I think would be dangerous and only gives this trade around 20 pips (at time of writing) to "breathe".

I am not a critical person (which is probably not a good quality in my efforts to help people learn this method) but if I may suggest... I would recommend clearing your chart a little. I would remove the grid (and those squiggly lines!) to help see price better. To learn and understand the movement of price you need to see it a little clearer! It will help you to get a better feel for the market if you learn to better read price.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Where I might be able to help is with nanningbob-style 'waiting' ea's. For example, we are hoping for an outside bar to trigger a sell and want to enter at the start of a new candle if the outside bar completes satisfactorily. An ea that measures the bar and sends a one-off trade when conditions are met can save some angst if we cannot be at the computer during the relevant period.

We shall see. I do not know if I can adapt successfully to longer-term trend trading. Basically, I code trading ea's because I am a rubbish trader.

Hoping to learn, though, and always trying.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
wonder if MOVE will move up

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Hi, I try to give my look on that symbol.

I can see higher highs and higher lows on the weekly chart, so I think we are in uptrend. But move up is limited by the decreasing trendline, which worked well as resistance on October last year. It would be better to wait for a break of any trendlines which made a triangle together.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
I am already in the long EU trade since 30th of December after engulfing bar sitting on the increesing trendline. So far +130pips, I already moved the SL to BE. The first chart is weekly, the second daily EU.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
For anyone interested, here is my latest analysis video:

Weekly Analysis

Kind Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Thanks Neo and All the best for 2011!

--- 帖子 #874 ---
On the daily charts, eur/jpy, usd/cad and usd/chf look good right now, any opinions?

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Hey Homiez,

I'm liking the look of the EU on the D1 for a possible short: Resistance holding at 1.3350 Consolidation around the 61.8 retracement 200ema confirming the double/triple top Divergence on the SS A bearish looking candle forming on the D1 I'll decide in a few hours with the new D1 candle forming if it is a good entry.

Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #876 ---
you are right on most, but I think if the divergence was bearish, it should rise on price and decrease on the indicator, but it didnt. The rest of arguments is right, but I still believe it is going up. You also must not forget the big support on 1,33

--- 帖子 #877 ---
EJ - trend down, but no signal (only very big doji)

UC - trend down, but BUEB today. Also there still is not reached 50% retracement

UF - trend down, but BUEB today. There should be the opposite signal on correct place to go short. But it didnt.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Think this probably fits Dan's criteria.

50% retrace and bearish engulfing bar.

--- 帖子 #879 ---
It's called hidden divergence.  Still bearish though.
http://www.babypips.com/school/hidden-divergence.html

Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #880 ---
I think the biggest chance is forming on AUDNZD. Retracement 50% on the strong 1,31 level. But still not any signal to go long.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Hi guys,

Only got a minute for a quick post today as I've only just got in from a crazy long day! So I don't mean to be rude but I just want to make a couple of quick points...

@Milan - I'm not sure why you're thinking long on the Euro? Perhaps you're seeing something I'm not but at the moment this is still a short trade.

@NaughtyPip - I agree with you - all at worthy locations; but trade with a good setup bar only!

@NeoRio - I'm still in from the shooting star off of 1.3500 so it's too close for me to look to add but I think a close below 1.3300 would be needed... what do you reckon?

@Uncle Gromit - I'm not too keen on the EUR/GBP at the moment for two reasons; the first is that the trend doesn't look really clear or particularly strong at the moment, the second is that a short trade at this location would be trading straight into the 0.8500 level - which is a bit dangerous!

Sorry that was a bit rushed - hopefully I didn't miss anyone! I've got to grab something to eat and then crash tonight but I will check back in tomorrow!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #882 ---
No probs dan, thanks for the input

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Neo.

Great analysis as always. I'm learning a lot from both yourself and Dan, in fact from all the contributors on this thread.

I have started to log your views in writing, so I can refer to them and really understand what's going on with the different pairs.

Happy new year to you all.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #884 ---
After much watching I managed to get short. Not a perfect entry. That would have been a 50% retrace of the daily PB.

How does this fit with Dan's checklist? Probably 2 and 5. Key resistance level ie. prior swing high, and trigger bar ( massive PB )

Very much countertrend but a tradeable setup nevertheless.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Hi uncle gromit,

I must admit this looks like an interesting double top forming... could well be the start of the move down but I'm afraid this scores a zero on the checklist. A trade must achieve 1, 2 and 5 in order to be tradable (under this method).

Number 1 is the golden rule... is the trade with the trend?

A quick question if I may; which bar was your trigger? I don't see any "massive" pin bars?

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #886 ---
No spectacular looking trades out there at the moment. USD/CHF is in an interesting place and I'm keeping an eye on it!

GBP/CHF caught my eye though... we are in uncharted lows at the moment so we haven't got as much historical data to go on but I would say we have confluence...

1. Down-trend in place

2. S/R around 0.9700/0.9750 (blue box)

3. 50% fib level (yellow)

4. 38.2% fib level (magenta)

5. Possible shooting star forming - not the best looking bar but certainly seems to suggest a rejection of the above levels.

There's also a similar setup on CAD/CHF but doesn't look quite as good.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #887 ---
This was a trade I took earlier this week... I didn't post it as "one to watch" because the trigger was on the H4 charts and I would prefer we stick to the dailies for now.

But for those of you who are proficient trading the daily charts and want to look for a few more opportunities to trade; this is how I use the H4 charts in conjunction with this method.

The first chart shows the "Daily" view of EUR/NZD... price was in a downtrend although it had been consolidating for some time. Price eventually broke the developing upward trendline and then came back to re-test the "area of interest" around 1.7500.

So, my analysis on the Daily chart tells me that we might be looking to sell here and I drop down to the H4 chart to look for an early entry signal. In this case I am lucky and we get a perfect shooting star and I am in. Now, as it happens the daily on my feed didn't produce a selling signal but fortunately for me I am in off of the H4 chart anyway.

This is how to add the H4 chart in as an extra tool.

Now I must stress - H4 charts are only to be traded once you are profitable on the dailies and they should only be traded with A+ setups.

Just thought that might be of some interest to someone!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Thanks for your efforts and the heads up.  Will definitely put this on the watch list, but not till Monday.  NFP tommorrow capped of by a very weird week of PA.  Have a nice weekend

Take Care

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Dan

The one with the arrow !!!

Trigger bar was the break of the IB/OB combination.

As to being against trend, was that not a retest of the underside of a previously broken TL ?

At what point does a TL become invalid ?

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Dan

Not sure why you thought short into the 0.8500 level might be dangerous. Its been used and abused to often in recent times. Just MHO.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Hi Paul,

Ah I see what you're saying now... it's actually a bearish outside bar but it means the same thing I guess!!

You are right in saying that it was a retest of the broken trendline - which is a fine tool to add to the toolbox however what I would add is that it doesn't necessarily mean the trend has changed.

I am quite cautious about trading and whilst I have taken similar trades in the past these days I prefer to wait until a new trend has developed.

Catching tops and bottoms are great when they work out but in my humble opinion they tend to work out less than I would like.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Hi Paul,

Again, it is my cautious nature.

I know it's a bit cliche to say it but successful trading is not about focusing on maximising profits - it's about limiting risk.

That's why I mentioned it. Perhaps I shouldn't have commented.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
If this pinbar stays the same its looking good for a buy on monday.

With the trend, key level of s/r, 61% fib, round number.

Any opinions?

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Looks good to me, I don't normally monitor this pair, so I don't have my analysis, but based on your chart, seems to be inline with what we're looking for.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
It looks like everything is lined up for a good trade NP,  my only question or reservation would be trading in to a Psych. Number (the 1.0000) at only 60 pips or so away.  I bring this up for more debate also because I dont have a good answer.

Take Care and Have a Good Weekend

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Hi

I have been trading for 5 years but am still experimenting with this method. I took a short on GBPCHF last night from 1.4875 but was stopped out for -100 pips. I entered at this level to ensure that .4900 level was broken. I have since noticed that Dan posted yesterday about this potential trade and I believe that our reasons were mostly the same. I thought this looked a good entry. I would be very grateful though if anyone could point out any flaws in my analysis or maybe this was just one of those loosing trades.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
There's a support zone indicated in the attached chart and the price didn't break through. I would not have take that trade because the support zone is too close from the entry price.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
I entered the same trade, JC.  Technically this looked like a picture-perfect trade...I think it was the NFP that messed us up.  Don't beat yourself up over it, those 100 pips that you lost, should have only been 0.5% or 1% of your account.  I set my SL above the previous day's candle...so I'm still in the trade currently at -168.

I touch on this trade in my Weekly Analysis video in the next post...

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Here is my latest analysis for those interested.

Weekly Analysis

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Opening a trade on Friday is not recommended especially if it's NFP Friday. Everything else looks great...

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Hi everybody. I would like to thank everybody here and specially Dan for sharing his knowledge. This thread has been a tremendous help to a noob like myself (before Septembar 2010 in did not know what FOREX was...lol). Anyway I have attached a chart for EUR/USD. If you all could comment on my support and resistance level lines and please let me know if they are somewhat correct or not that would be greatly appriciated......Thank you.
http://img135.imageshack.us/img135/9761/chart1.gif

--- 帖子 #902 ---
1)as danmick observe well in post 901, a former minor resistance is broke up and become minor support around 1.4850/80

2)price did not reach the october low zone 1.51 yet

3)is the signalbar a reversal candle ?

does not look like a nice pin or bear engulfing candle and it is still bullish

3 reasons not to enter ? just my 2cent, still learning too

and this tread is a great place to be for... bravo Danuk +

--- 帖子 #903 ---
correction: 3)  bar is not bullish , i wrongly interpretted the candlecolors of jcalow in post 900

( black is down always on my charts, my mistake)

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Hi NP,

Certainly an interesting one to watch. On my feed this did not form as a proper "pin bar" as it did not close within the range of the previous bar. If it had closed as a positive bar (i.e. close higher than open) I think I would have been more inclined to take it.

I do wonder though, is the (up) trend still in our favour? I attach a chart with a couple of trendlines that have been broken. Now, this doesn't necessarily mean change of trend but it does signal that the trend is possibly becoming exhausted. Just something to bear in mind.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Hi jcalow,

Don't beat yourself up about this one too much! I think it caught a few people out. Losses happen, I wish they didn't but it's just part of the game I suppose.

Now, as to things that went against this trade, I would cite the following:

1. The first week back after Christmas is not a good time to trade.

2. NFP Friday.

3. The trigger bar was not perfect (although it was ok).

4. Most importantly - I think we misjudged the trading level. We are in uncharted territory here, with price only recently going so low - so we haven't as much historical data to go on to give us our S/R levels to trade from. Having a second look at this chart and I think we should have perhaps waited for price to make it higher to 1.5100 before deciding. I have attached a chart with my "second look" reasoning!

I should have looked at this a little closer before posting (although I think there was something wrong with me when I made my post about the GBP/CHF as the S/R level I quoted bears no resemblance whatsoever!!!) and this is the reason why I am not inclined to post trade setups... just in case I've made a mistake in my analysis and someone else follows that mistake.

I started this thread to help people learn to trade which I want to carry on doing but I don't want to be responsible for other people’s losses and this mistake reminded me of that so I don't think I am going to bother posting any other trade setups.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #906 ---
This is also true but I don't consider this area to be a "key" level and as such would not have been a deal breaker for me.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Nice work as always!

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Hi iferdous,

I'm glad you have found this thread useful!

I've had a look at your chart and I like it - I think you've got the right idea about picking the major support and resistance levels. I would say that I tend to round my levels to the nearest round number, so for instance one of your levels is 1.2890 whereas I have 1.2900. You should also remember that the levels are more often "zones" than "to the pip" lines.

Good work!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Hi mike2007,

I think you spotted the major one: "price did not reach the october low zone 1.51 yet"

With regards to the minor support level - generally these are not an issue when following the trend. So long as you are trading from a major support/resistance level we would generally assume that the heavier orders from the major level would outweigh any counter-trend orders and a minor level. However, on this occasion I don't think we traded from the right level - which you mentioned. I too think we should have waited for 1.5100.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Hi Dan,

I whole heartedly agree with your risk mantra

Of course you should comment. After all its your thread. The rules and criteria that you set out for trades are the building blocks of a successful system that you are sharing. Perhaps the next potential trade I post will adhere to these rules.  The rest I will confine to my trading journal.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Whaaaat, come on, keep posting setups.  I dont care if you make mistakes you are less likely to make a mistake than anyone else here.  It helps us to learn.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
I agree with Naughtypip....please keep posting setup. We will learn from our mistakes and together we will be a better trader.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Hello Neo Rio, thank you for your weekly analysis. I like it. Tell me please how can I join to your skype room? Thank you,

--- 帖子 #914 ---
If you give me your Skype name, I will add you.

Regards

--- 帖子 #915 ---
I third that!  Please keep posting, Dan.  I started posting my charts and even videos and then I realized that it would probably be a good idea to put a little disclaimer at the beginning so that people would know this is not a trade signal, or a recommendation to take a trade..just my thoughts.  I hope people know that when (all of us) post a potential setup (you included) there is no responsibility taken by the poster for any trades people might take as a result.

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #916 ---
keep posting your charts dan,its up to us to do our work to see if it is a good setup

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Hi Dan,

Great Thread and thank you from this Newbie.

Ive finally given in to the idea that I need to trade the dailies as smaller time frames just kicked me around to much.

Would you mind looking at this pair and sharing your wisdom.

I see an  un broken up trend line. Prices have just hit the 50% fib.

Would it be fair to say we'd be waiting for Price Action to go long ?

Cheers in advance....Steve

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Hello NeoRio, my skype name is: ailis35. Please,join me to your skype room. Thank you,

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Hi, based on my newbie point of view, I believe it is a great setup with all confluences and likely to reach the 1.0200 level.

However, it's my own personal view, maybe DanUK have another different one.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
There is no trigger candle. i.e., outside bar or pin bar.  Id wait too see if an outside bar happens.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Hi guys,

Thank you for your messages, it's good to know that people aren't looking at the "potential trades" as signals and are doing their own analysis.

The journey for me is far from over. My biggest hurdle has always been dealing with losses.

In my "normal" working life (i.e. outside of trading!) I am a bit of a perfectionist. When I go into a project I like to know that I have done as much research as possible and planned for everything. I like to make sure things run smoothly and I don't like mistakes. If I can't achieve perfection (as far as is reasonably practicable) I'm not happy.

I like knowing that when my customers want something done right they will come to me. I am proud to know that my customers will choose me above my competitors for that reason. I guess this probably makes me a demanding person to work for but it's just the way I am.

So, when it comes to trading, I don't have that same amount of control over my work. It's something that I am still working on! It's not a matter of money; it's about being right. I was the same when I used to demo trade. If I made a loosing trade I felt it was because I had done something wrong (and on most occasions it is). I still have to come to accept that sometimes things happen that are beyond my control.

Hopefully, that little insight into my peculiar brain will explain why I hate to feel responsible for other people's losses. That being said, I think the messages posted recently about this show that people are thinking for themselves and that they are not taking this thread as a signal service. So I will continue to post and I think I shall take NeoRio's advice and put up a disclaimer at the start of this thread explaining that we are not posting signals!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Hi Steve,

The thing I particularly like about trading dailies is it gives me freedom to spend my time with my family and friends. I don't have to spend hours glued to my screen! Ultimately, that is why I started trading - for freedom.

AUD/USD - Friday's bar formed a "spinning top" which signals indecision. Price is definitely in the right area for something to happen, but as you said... just waiting for "Price Action" to signal us. Ideally, I would like to see a bullish outside bar closing above 1.000 but we shall have to wait and see what Monday brings!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Thx for the reply Dan. I guess whats most important to me in learning this- is being able to correctly ID the trend and have the patience to act accordingly. In the above chart, I do see an uptrend with a pullback. The first thing I think of is how can I trade it !!! Maybe if I drop down to the 4H there will be the bullish bar you speak of, not there ? cool drop down to the 1H Chart...and so on.

For the longest time Ive been trying to make the chart look tradeable, vs taking my time and let the trade opportunity jump out at me. Not sure if that makes sense....

Cheers again for a great thread.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
If you cant see the trigger on a 4hr I wouldnt drop down to the 1 hr for a trigger.  Everytime you drop down a TF the trigger becomes less and less reliable.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Hi Sjr,

I think that makes sense! And I agree; the most important thing to learn is correctly identifying the trend and the correct areas to trade from. Once you know that, you are on your way to success, the actual entry is secondary.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Hello again everyone.

I am favouring the G/J for a short at the moment. Waiting to see if we have an inside bar at close of today and a break of fridays bar tomorrow. There is confluence at around 129.00 (nice round number) with daily resistance and 50% fib retracement.

If the above senario developes, where do I put stop? The obvious place for me would be at 129.50 but I would like your thoughts as I am a relative newbie. However, having seen the comments about concerns of signaling trades, I will make my own judgement based on your knowledge, experience and common sense.

Kind regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #927 ---
AUD/USD Uptrending and retraced to 50% fib with daily support and round number at 0.9900. I would like to see an outside bar develop today/tomorrow and break north through 1.0030 to place a long. Again, not sure where stop would be. Your comments would be  appreciated.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #928 ---
I see some potential setups for this week. I will look for further price action.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Posting a trade I took this morning with the USDJPY

Reasons are;

1) with the trend

2) retraced to a S/R Line

3) retraced to the 78% Fib level of last swing

4) retraced to a trend line

5) P.Action formed a Pin Bar (More or less)

Please critique: this and let me know if I am on the right track.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hi Paul

My only concern would be the ease with which price pushed back up through the prior swing lows on the weekly. I would have expected these to provide a new ceiling for price. Of course this could just be a relief rally. Just my thoughts.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #931 ---
I took this same trade, Jay...looks like we're on the same page.  I got around to this pair a little late, looks like you entered about 15 pips earlier than me.

Regards

--- 帖子 #932 ---
I took the GJ short just a little while ago, based on this same analysis...which I also covered in my last analysis video.   Did you take the trade, Paul?

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Based on the charts you posted, there are so many profitable short term trades you could have taken and it's obvious!

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Hi Neo.

I had an indecision bar yesterday and I would like to see a daily close below fridays bar (around 128.40) to give me more confidence to enter.

I was asleep when you took your trade. But good luck.

Your weekly analysis is very helpful to me, so thanks.

Regards

Paul

PS. Would you mind telling us where you put your stop and the reasons.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #935 ---
I entered the GJ short early...so your patience was the "right" way to do things!  I took the break of Monday's candle body...I should have waited for the break of the wick (in retrospect)...trying to be smart and enter early.  Almost got stopped out an hour ago.  My stop is at 129.63, above the high of Friday's candle.

Best,

Neo

--- 帖子 #936 ---
There is a reason why I didnt take a trade on UJ and this is a weekly BUOB. For me is this pair in short-term long trend.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Now that I have looked at it again, I agree with you.  And it was also pointed out to me that this pair failed to make a new lower low.   Time will tell.  If this is the case  The USDJPY may be at the point of changing trend to the upside.  So i will watch for the change

Take Care

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hi Dan.

A quick follow up to the AU Daily chart. I guess this is what you mean  by patience. Although there's a few hours to close prices have moved up  today, however haven't closed above the 1.00. Would it be fair to say  just sit back and watch, or using your trading system place order to go  long. If not can you offer a chart which in your opinion would be a no  brainer trade. Lastly, based on the daily charts how many trades on  average do you do in a month. Im still trying to figure out how many  trades is to many per month etc.

Your insight is really appreciated.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
I'm looking at this at the moment any thoughts and opinions are appreciated.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Just a thought on A/U there may be a triple top on Gold and this maybe hindering the A/U price as it is a commodity currency, both Gold and Silver have had a great run and maybe taking a breather. If this is the case silver could be great buy on a pull back.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Sjr,
My Daily has closed with a bullish engulfing, that should mean going up.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hi Peter....

Your chart looks good, unlike my plain old one...

Just a question to ya, did you mean bullish engulfing ?? sorry a bit confused, cause you think prices are going up which I think they could.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Thanks Sjr, yes I did...edited.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Hi, i am learning to analyse chart so i'll give a shot at this.

I think now the bias is for a short trade but if the price manages to go beyond the resistance zone of 1.3300 then I will wait and see if price can hold at the broken resistance turned support at 1.3300. If it holds, i'll look for a long trade.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
I think gold is going to fall. It is making lower highs and lows. Also long-term up trendline is broken. Price is forming a spinning top pattern just on the 50% retracement of last bearish move. The 50% level almost coincides with strong 1383 level, but yesterday closed above it. If there was any signal candlestick, it would be a good mover I think.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Hi Happy, looks choppy at the moment so i'll be watching from the side for now. If you look at a weekly chart the last 2 candles are 500 pips down then up.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Hi Milan, I think we could see a retrace too we have a bearish engulfing weekly candle. I will be waiting for a good signal to go long as the metals are in a long term bull market.

Great thread thanks again Dan

Aus

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Yeah, been pretty hectic lately! So much for the nice slow trend of the E/U! Those days are gone I think (for now at least)! One wonders whether we've seen a false break down (Friday/Monday) to trap sellers before sending this up or whether this big bounce up is the big players getting ready to sell lots more! The Euro seems pretty screwed so I'm thinking the latter option is more likely. Time will tell! And with a bit of luck price might show us the way!

Couple of things I'm watching...

--- 帖子 #950 ---
I know its a 4h chart hope it's ok Dan.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #951 ---
I see you have G/U in there Dan, I stopped looking at that pair a while ago I felt like I needed holiday trying to work that one out.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
What about short on GBPCHF? The previous swing low reached, retracement 61%, shooting star. Also trendline on the 4H chart is breached.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Also USDCHF looks interesting. Yesterday BEEB, today SS on 61% retracement and on the level 0,9750. On 4H made lower low and lower high and trendline is broken

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Hi all, I would say thanks to everyone on this thread,

it's about 1 year that I follow forex, till now I trade mostly with ea because I don't have sufficient knowledge to trade manually,

but since I started reading this thread it seems to open up new horizons for me.

it's very helpful to see your charts in real time and studying them.

thanks again.

Andrea.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hi,

Good looking setup. It's also off of the 1.0000 big round number which is an important psych level.

The fact that price dropped back through this level last week with ease and then found resistance there this week does suggest that we may see a further move down.

However, strictly speaking this is a counter-trend move... although the uptrend has shown weakness a new downtrend has not yet developed. Because of that I would be a little more cautious with my stop.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Yeah, G/U has been pretty crap to trade lately. It's been really rather uneventful over the last couple of months.

Interesting to see that it has broken out of it's small downtrend this week. No conclusive proof that a new uptrend has started just yet but I will be watching to see what happens when price retraces back down. If we get a good signal to go long at a good location I would consider jumping in.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Hi Milan,

As you may have seen I got my fingers burned a little earlier trying to short this pair too!

What I would say is that the last major swing low (which hit the 1.5100 level) has now been broken to the upside. Although a new trend has not yet developed it does suggest weakness in the downtrend so I would be cautious about trying to sell this pair.

I have attached a chart and highlighted (in blue) what I consider to be the major swings that define the trend.

I have also attached an amended version of your H4 chart as I think you should have adjusted your trendline to the swing low that I point out in the chart. This might have given you a different perspective on the H4 outlook.

Could I ask a favour too... there are a couple of squiggly lines on your chart (red and blue) that show some kind of channel. In future, would you mind posting your charts without them on please as it makes it hard to see what's going on!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Hello again!

On my feed I didn't get a bearish engulfing bar. I'm not sure what the details were on your feed but a bearish engulfing bar should have an open higher than the previous close (which my feed didn't) and a close lower than the previous open (which my feed did).

Also, just for educational purposes - the next bar (the 13th) is not a shooting star. A shooting star should form at a swing high (so that the wick sticks out above everything else in close proximity).

That being said, I think you have picked a reasonable location to trade from (given that we are in uncharted lows it can be hard to navigate, but you do have support/resistance at 0.9730 and the fact that the previously developing uptrend-line was broken) and I think you have the trend on your side so I wouldn't be surprised to see this work out for you!

Regards.

Dan

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Hi Andrea,

Welcome to the thread! I've never traded an ea before because the idea of an automated system that brought you cash in each week seems to good to be true! If you (or anyone else) are doing it successfully though I won't knock it!

I'm glad we've managed to open up new horizons for you - that is the goal of the thread!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Hi Paul,

Sorry it's taken a while to get back to you - it always seems to be that when I'm busy there are lots of posts and when I'm free there aren't!!!

I was looking at 130.00 as a "big" round number and possible place to short. As it happens, I didn't get any signal and therefore no trade.

With regards to stops... I tend to put them just beyond the opposite end of the setup bar; so if for instance we had a shooting star form off of 130.00 and the high of the bar was at 130.80 I would have put my stop above this at something like 130.90.

Hope that helps!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Got a good eye on those locations of interest!

--- 帖子 #962 ---
You are right. The trendline was not been drawn correctly. Today even this amended version was breached, but pound is getting to be very strong, so after todays morning drop, which took me into trade, it is in the actual loss of about 100 pips. But yesterday high was not get over, so pair did double top. Hope next week it will drop a bit to move the SL to BE at least.

The lines are the indicator I made which helps me to recognise swings highs and lows. I understand it can be confusing, so I will delete it next.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Hi Jay,

There are a couple of issues I have with this trade. The main one being that I am not sure that the downtrend is that strong now. The previous downtrend-line has broken and if you do a swing analysis (as per the blue lines in my first attached chart) you will see that the last few swings have produced more of a range (indicated by the purple trendlines) than a good trend.

That being said, it doesn't necessarily follow that an uptrend is going to begin here... in fact the safer bet is to stick with the existing trend - which is what you have done. I'm really only bringing this up so that if things go wrong you might have a different point of view to consider.

The second issue I have is highlighted in the second attached chart. You are trading directly into an area that has acted as considerable support in the recent past. Now, some may argue that the area has been "used and abused" and is therefore of less significance. They may indeed have a point, however I am quite a cautious trader (and the more I say that the more I consider that this has been a major contributing factor to my success) and if I know an area has acted as regular support in the past I am unlikely to try and sell into it regardless of how many times it's been hit lately.

I just want to add though, that just because I said that doesn't mean you were wrong to take the trade. You have to trade what you see... it is part of the learning curve. My advice isn't meant to be critical - it's just to offer another point of view, which can occasionally be of use (I hope!).

One other thing (although not an issue with the trade) is that your trigger bar is a bearish outside bar as opposed to a pin bar (just for future reference!).

Hope that is of some use to you.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Thanks for the input.  I didnt take it as criticism, and i do appreciate the points.  I got out of this trade  at BE today .  Got stressful watching it go up and down with no clear direction. Will be more watchful of some of your points in the future

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Hi Sjr,

Let me again offer my apologies for the slow reply... it's been a hectic start to the year so far and it doesn't show any signs of slowing just yet!!!

First of all let me say that I think you are looking at an interesting area to trade from... you've got trendline and fib level confluence. I wouldn't have necessarily said though that we were at a key level of support/resistance - which tends to be the primary thing I am looking for in a location.

Now, as far as a trade goes - my feed didn't produce any significant trigger, although I suppose you could have said there was a "two-day" hammer to trade off (although I don't normally tend to do combined bars). But even if it had I would have been very cautious about trading into the 1.0000 level which holds considerable psychological weight.

So, although at first glance it appears interesting, a closer look reveals it to be a less than optimal trade.

As far as "no brainer" is concerned... it's hard to find something that looks absolutely perfect but I think this example (attached) from the EUR/CAD is as close as you're going to get to it! It is also a trade I highlighted on this thread and took myself.

In this case we had a downtrend in place, a retracement up to key s/r at 1.3500 and confluence of the trendline and 38.2 fib level. We then also saw the creation of a very good looking shooting star on the daily chart.

To me this was a "no brainer" as the trend was clear and we had four reasons to trade (three locations and one trigger). When it's really clear and you don't have to really look for it - it's usually a good trade!

I hope that makes things clearer!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Good to know! I always think "constructive criticism" is helpful but it's hard not to come across as simply critical on a forum!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Hey Dan,

1st allow me to thank you for your wonderful strategy and thread,

on the other hand, i would like to share my thoughts regarding the EURUSD and why it stopped after breaking the low, and why it reversed from the current high.

I use the same stategy that you use, but i use one more method with it, or maybe more. but the one i will talk about now is Fibonacci Extension, which is the same tool for retracement but adding the levels ( 1.618, 2.618, 4.236 )

Support :

-   (image1) on the 4H chart if you do the Fibonacci Extension for the last swing before the price dropped down, it will show you exactly where the potential support would be on the 1.618 Fibo level, i beleive there were a lot of buyers waiting for that price and that level, they pulled it up and broke the previous high which gave an indication of changing a trend, you could have entered that trend if you have made Dan's method/strategy (retracement 50 level)  .. check it in image2

-   (image3) on the Daily chart, a fibonacci Extension also exists at the same support level area with 2.612 Fibo level which gives us a stroger potential support level which is called ( price cluster )

Resistance:

- from the Fibonacci extension you have made on the swing on the daily chart, to find out the Fibo support levels, the LOW of it was a support level which is the Fibo level 100%, after breaking it, it turned to a resistance level that the price reversed from it. (image3)

The reason why i'm discussing this with you guys, is to tell you that you have to use the Fibonacci extention and Fibonacci Expansion with your strategy

For those who don't know what the number 1.618 means, make a research about it so you would know and beleive in it! its called " Golden ration ". just google it.

Regards,

Fox25

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Hi Fox25,

Thank you for your post. I am indeed aware of the "Golden Ratio" and Fibonacci Expansions. In fact, I have spent quite a lot of time looking into this subject.

However, I don't agree that "you have to use the Fibonacci extension and Fibonacci Expansion with your strategy".

I don't want to go into a full blown debate about the effectiveness of Fib levels but I shall just say this... Fib retracements and expansions are very subjective. You can easily curve fit a fib to explain any movement but in live trading I don't think they are the be-all and end-all of trading tools.

In fact, there is something much more reliable and much less subjective that is at the heart of my strategy. You see, I was quite aware that price could have reversed from the level it did... simply by watching good old fashioned support and resistance.

If you take a look at my weekly chart you will see the area that I have highlighted (where price has bounced) is what I have described in the past as a "key" support/resistance level. It's as plain as the eye can see and requires no subjective swing measurements etc.

I cannot stress enough the importance of being aware of these levels.

Having said that, I always say that if it is working for you then keep doing what you are doing but I just wanted to point out that it would be an unnecessary addition to this strategy.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Thanks for the reply Dan. Given the example on the EUR/Cad can I assume  the current formation (shooting Star)would make for a good potential sell?. Im going to  demo this one to the downside see how I go.

I have to remember this isn't a race, still not sure on average how many  valid trades per month you'd expect from this style of trading.

Thanks

Steve

--- 帖子 #970 ---
hELLO DanUK! Thank you for this wonderfull thread! Can you,please, advise me, whether is it wort to try to sell eur/usd  eur/cad and eur/gbp using a shooting star from key level resistanse and fibo plus trendline confluence? I think it is possible to sell euro for about 150 pips and afterwards to buy it from 50% fibo if reversal candle shapes. What do you think about? Thank you

--- 帖子 #971 ---
There is no SS on EU and EG on my data. The only one is on EC. Also location is problematic, by me. There is a nearby 100% retracement of previous move, so bulls are very strong. I wouldnt personaly do any action on those pairs.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Hi, out of the 3 pairs u have mentioned, I will consider only the EC. Price has shown signs of rejection off the 61.8% fib level, 50sma and the 1.3300 resistance level. If we buy below the low of the shooting star, it will break the trend line as well. With all the confluences, I will look for a short. The only issue I have is that it is near to the major support so I will be careful about it.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
And what about to sell AUD/CAD? Looks like not bad.  Your opinions? Thank you,

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Hi Steve,

On my feed the E/C doesn't look quite as good as yours (close seems higher; due to timezone) and not so inviting but I think it's a worthy play. Price has retraced up to s/r at 1.3250 and appears to have run into trouble. A sell below the bar looks like it has some room to go.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hi Milan,

When you say that the "location" is a problem for you, could you explain a bit more about what you mean?

I'm not going to suggest that this is by any means a "sure thing" - I don't think such a thing exists but I wouldn't be put off by the recent bullish activity. Quite often, when a retracement takes place within a trend it is quite a strong move.

I actually think that this can sometimes be interpreted as the strong shaking out the weak before resuming their move (in this case, back down). In theory at least!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Hi happypi,

What major support do you see nearby?

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Hi lite27,

I don't see any real good reason to sell at the moment. I think we might be seeing a downtrend start here but so far the only evidence of that I see is weakness in the uptrend. I have yet to see the new trend "form" and until then (assuming no position already) the safest thing to do is stay out.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #978 ---
I am still learning, so any unusual thing makes me watchful. I think the ideal retracement would be 50%, so if there is about 100%, it signs me it could be a reversal. I wouldnt take it, so in the worst, I will miss it. But if anybody see the opportunity, I always like to hear his arguments.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
That's fair enough - it's always best to be cautious. The old saying "sometimes no position is the best position" is often true.

My opinion is that the E/U is currently stuck within a range (as per the blue levels on my chart). If it breaks out above the top of the range (and holds) I would consider the bulls to be winning. If that doesn't happen I will be looking for price to break the low of the range to show the trend is continuing.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Hi, I have a major support at 1.3100 area. I saw from weekly chart that price once fell to that area and bounce up immediately. Did I spot the wrong support? pardon me if I am wrong as i am learning.

Thanks, DanUK

--- 帖子 #981 ---
i took short on EURCAD on open and closed it just now for 80 pips !!!

i see a support line around current price, so i exited the position. if it breaks this support with some force, i will re-enter the short.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
do you use any trading method or is it traditional beginners luck?

--- 帖子 #983 ---
see one of the posts above. there is a pin bar and it failed to break the resistence point, its in line with overall downtrend. its simple PA method.... read all the posts on PA in this Forum

nothing works by luck.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
yeah, I read a lot about PA already. Also I know DanUKs method rest on the stop orders under/above the signal candle. So why you enter by market?

--- 帖子 #985 ---
You sure 'bout that?  I've had plenty of winning trades that had nothing to do with expertise or good trading...just pure coin-toss luck.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
i placed limit order 20 pips above friday close on saturday. today morning i woke upto a 80 pip profit, i closed it

there was a spike on opening.... because of this my order was filled

--- 帖子 #987 ---
you might also have some losing trades....

most of beginners trade like this. they 'expect' the price to go up, so they buy. sometimes the expectation turns out to be true.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Hi roundrock,

Congratulations on your win. I understand your entry but just curious as to why you left at 80 pips?

I tend to aim for longer term moves; for example I too am short E/C at the moment and I am up about 1,100 pips.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #989 ---
i am not a long term trader. i take profits at first trouble/traffic area. i see a support at 1.3160 and another at 1.3085, thats why i got out. if it breaks 3085 with conviction, i will short again on retest

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Hi Dan how's the trading going, it's been a while so i thought i would pop in and say hello.

I still trade using the knowledge i learned from you and your threads as the basis of my trading.

So hope you are well and making loads of pips as usual and thanks for all you taught us in your threads.

Happy hunting.

Bez

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Hi, everyone, it seem that Dan and other top contributer of this thread post quite frequently lately  hence, I decide to join in and post/share any interesting looking chart setup when i found one. So Dan the rules is still daily time frame chart isn't ?

--- 帖子 #992 ---
sell GF. Sure, last entry finished on the SL, But I think now it is more reliable, better location, better price action.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Also EURCHF looks fine. The price was rejected from 1,2940 and made a shooting star.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
I am already long on the AUDNZD. My entry was based on 4H chart - exceeding of TL

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Your trade on the aud/nzd looks good on the daily chart! 200ema & trendline support, oversold stochs add to the direction. I will look for entry on the confirmation first higher low. good luck!!

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Hi Dan,

Are you still holding your Eur/cad short? If not, what was your exit strategy and where did you get out?

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Loving this thread!

Keep up the work guys, and have great weekends!

I'll post some charts myself too soon

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Is there an increased chance of success using multiple time frames, each with a fib retracement grid imposed upon the chart. For example, daily / weekly / monthly.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Hi guys, I'm away for the weekend so I can't make a particularly detailed post (bit awkward from iPhone!!) but thought I would just pop in to say a couple things!

First @bez - good to see you here my friend. Glad you are doing well!

Second @uncle g - I got stopped out of my Euro shorts this week - I will post a chart and full explanation when I get back! Made a good profit, but not quite as much as I was hoping!

For now though I think I am going to look for opportunities to buy the EU or EC!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Potential EUR/AUD trade.

This pair has been falling since 2009. The current trendline starting Feb 2010 is still holding strong, there has been 3 occasions in the last year where shorting at the trendline has led to 1000+ pip gains, Also offers attractive rollover rate.

Wont be convinced until I see a close below support at 1.3650, if this doesn't happen in the next few days I will be lowering my stop loss considerably as there is also the possibility of a breakout to the upside.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Look at that tidy W that this latest rally came out of.  It's not every day that you see such neat W's or double bottoms.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Good point, NeoRio. Also I think the trendline is marked badly. In my view it is breached already. If there was any proper PA on the 1.3650 level, I will go long this pair.

The first chart is weekly, the second daily

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
I am also in agreement that the trendline is breached. I believe that currently we may be seeing a retest of the other side of the trendline.

I entered EURUSD yesterday long from 1.3550. Worked out pretty good. It is annoyingly now bouncing around though trying to decide if it is going to break or respect the upwards TL. Stop is at breakeven though so nothing to lose, will see how it plays out.

Josh

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Hi everyone, wat do u think abt this setup?

currently, price is on an uptrend but i feel it could be ending soon so I will be waiting for price to break the channel and re-test it before entering a short trade by PA.

If it fails to break, I look for price to break the down sloping trend line and wait for retest before entering. hoping to see it happen near the 1.3100 area for extra confirmation.

Any comments? good or bad, both are accepted

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Hi Bez,

Sorry it took a while to get back to you! Haven't been around much lately!

Trading is going well thank you, I hope things are going well for you too!

Hope to see you back here soon!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Hi b12,

Kind of ironic you should post that (as I was subsequently missing for a while!).

Yes, daily time frame (particularly if you are new to trading) with progression to H4 when confident/skilled enough!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Looks like this short is working out quite well, congratulations! If price is held under the 1.5000 level you could well see another 500+ pip drop here.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Hi Paul,

I finally exited my EUR/CAD short with less than I had wanted but a profit nonetheless.

I had two positions that remained open (indicated on my chart by the red arrows).

Once price came up and pierced the 1.3250 S/R level (on the 14th Jan) I moved my stop to the high of that bar. Price then dropped the following day and I figured the tend would resume... but I was wrong!

On the 18th price came back up to the 1.3250 level and closed above (again) and so I moved my stop to the high of the day which was subsequently taken out on the 19th.

I closed with 650 pips profit which was fine but disappointing due to the way the final swing worked out. Because the final swing didn't make a lower low before breaking the trend I had to give up about 1000 pips of profit (500 pip retracement x 2 positions). This of course was extremely irritating and one of the psychological parts of trading we all have to learn to accept!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Hi happypi,

It's an interesting one. As it happens I have recently shorted this pair as my 4 hour chart showed a reasonable looking bearish outside bar off of the 1.3000 level. So for my own selfish reasons... I hope you're right lol!!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Wow, you don't hear that every day!  But good example, Dan, of being disciplined.

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Yup, it's rare that such a thing will happen but it should be remembered if you are in a trade with multiple positions and it goes against you - you are going to loose a lot more in "pips" than you would with a single position.

But the main point is that discipline is of extreme importance. Unless you happen to be gifted with some kind of psychic foresight we can never tell when the trend is retracing or changing so it is important to apply certain rules in order that we do not exit too early due to fear or greed and also so that we do not exit too late.

Newbies must remember that you simply cannot expect to extract every pip from the market. There must be a logical reason to exit a trade and I try to ensure logic guides my exit as opposed to fear or greed.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Once again...very good.  Dan, you're an excellent teacher.

Neo

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
I went long on this pair due to the BUOB at swing low, trendline and at 1.29 level (indicated by arrow on chart). Do you think my analysis was wrong?

Cheers

Mark

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Hi Mark,

No, I wouldn't say you were wrong - and I must admit that at that time I was of a similar mind.

However, I would add that at that time price flow had started to show the development of a downtrend (which I have highlighted on my daily chart in blue to show the lower highs/lower lows that were developing) that had me a little concerned.

In my eyes, the s/r level was slightly higher - as indicated by the blue box on my charts.

As I saw it, price bounced back up (after you went long off of the BUOB) but failed to exceed the previous lower high (indicated by the orange box) and then sliced back through the s/r level.

I watched this happen on the H4 chart (second attachment) which culminated in a small trendline (blue) being broken by a bearish outside bar - not perfect but a pretty good signal nonetheless.

I sold below this at 1.2940.

-----

So, all that being said - I don't think you were far off in your initial analysis but I do also think it is worth paying attention to price flow (i.e. the higher/lower highs/lows) which may have given you another perspective to look at.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
OK. Thanks Dan

I was stopped out today.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Hi Dan

Have you ever considered buying options( or selling them to create a credit type spread) to offset your position when it retraces.  We cant hedge in the US, so this is a way to offset pullbacks and such till the market figures out its direction.  In the above example you would have bought a Eur$ Call or a Cad$ Put depending which was offering the best price  ( I think i have the direction right on the Options, early for me) option on the commodity market to offset the decrease in pips on your current position . Something to consider.

Take Care

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Hey Dan,

if this is already not discussed before, let me ask again. When do you set to BE in a trade? Or do you not set to BE, and let it either hit your SL or TP.

Thanks.

By the way, looking to short EA gchf and egbp now. Great potential trades!

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Hi, below is chart of 2 pairs which i will be watching closely in the coming week. as usual, any comments are welcomed.

First pair is EU. Price has reached major resistance region and price has just broken a recent upwards trend line. there's also a broken trend line that is acting as a resistance now. Even though the last candle is engulfing pattern( am i right?), i would be waiting for the retracement before entering upon a signal.

Next pair is the AUDNZD. I understand DanUK has a short position in this pair and i missed the entry. it's okay and now, price has broken down the outer trend line and seems to be retesting it. I will be watching and waiting for signal for me to short. I would be cautious of the 1.27 region too.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hi Jay,

I certainly see what you are saying. I do in fact hedge trades if the situation is right and I get a solid signal to do so. In the recent case of the EUR/CAD the situation would have been right to place a hedge trade (in so much as the retracement was always going to be severe if it continued into a new trend) but I didn't get a good signal to place a hedge trade (I base entries on the same criteria... i.e. using support/resistance and candlestick formations).

Actually, you will see that the up-move started it's ascent on the 12th January which formed a nice bullish outside bar - if it had closed above 1.3000 I just might have taken it.

I haven’t really discussed hedging trades on the thread yet as it starts down the route to countertrend trading which is something I would rather avoid. However, it is a useful tool to consider once you have become more acquainted with the trend-based method.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Hi,

I had to do a bit of searching but I knew I had posted something on this (I think I will make some kind of PDF linking all the important aspects of the method together at some stage):

For your info:

Stop Loss: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...07#post4026107

And this may also be relevant:

Exiting a Trade: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...90#post4027990

A quick note with regards to Friday’s EUR/AUD candle – it closed as a very nice looking bearish outside bar but the location is not quite right. The problem for me is that if you were to sell below this you don’t have any room for it to run until this trade hits potential trouble. Personally I would have preferred a close below the level shown in my first chart or for this to form at the higher level, as shown in my second chart.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Hi happypi,

With regards to the E/U - it all depends on how you interpret the chart. If you read the most recent upswing as a retracement in the downtrend then you would take a sell signal at the level rather than waiting for a further move down and subsequent retracement (although I should note that that bar is not really an engulfing bar; a bearish engulfing bar would have opened higher than the close of the previous day, which it didn't on my feed, as well as closing lower than the previous day, which it did - engulfing bars are actually quite rare in forex).

However, if it is just a retracement then we are talking about a 900 pip retracement which is not very normal. In fact, a retracement on this pair greater than about 500 pips would be strange. Nothing is guaranteed in this game though.

If we take a look at the Euro from a weekly chart we can see that last week's bar formed a very pin-ish looking bar off of a key support/resistance level (as shown in my first chart). This could well be interpreted as a sign of a further move down, however a closer look will show that we haven't got much space if we were to short this bar before hitting the next important level of support/resistance (as shown in my second chart).

I am therefore interpreting this move down as a retracement in a developing uptrend and would anticipate a signal to go long at the lower s/r level (around 1.3500).

However, from a fundamental aspect I just can't see this up-move as being sustainable given the inherent problems in the Eurozone at the moment. So I am going to be cautious and open minded to the possibility of movement in either direction and will accordingly also look to sell if price makes it back below 1.3500.

Hope that helps and doesn't serve to confuse matters even more!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hi Dan, thanks for ur explantion and to be frank, i'm a little confused. lol. It's okay, I will read and re-read your comments till I understand it.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
trade bias should be long or short?

daily is on a clear down trend and is now at 61.8% retracement but seeing the last few weeks of price action, we observe a new uptrend could be forming. price is now on a resistance zone and with price signal, i will be looking for a buy trade. Wat will u do in this suitation?

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Just wanted to thank all who post on this thread and especially DanUK of course for the tremendous effort put in to helping those of us who are aspiring to become successful traders, and are attempting to graduate from the shorter T/Fs up to the longer term T/Fs.

While I have always known that the more professional traders tend to focus more on the Daily/Weekly TFs, I myself, until I read through this thread could not find a way of looking at this longer term trading with anything more than fear, but hopefully now, I will be able to benefit from the generosity of the other traders here.

I hope I will be able to usefully post in the future with a view to repaying some of the kindness shown here.

Regards

Ken

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
It is pretty large for a retrace, and it is coming off a double bottom too. Problem is I dont have a lot of faith in EU against anything at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Thanks ken for ur reply, after looking at the chart of EUDAUD again, my bias will be short for now instead. Reason being, it is with the Trend. I have overlook this fact. Price is actually at 38.2% retracement and at the 1.37 level. I would love to see a bearish signal for me to enter. I will be cautious of the broken trend line which may act as support now.

Regarding EU, I am unsure of where it is going currently. let's hope price will show us the way soon.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Hello again.

I am still looking for signs that this large retrace could be a trend change, but until then will also look for a short if it breaks the 1.37 and maybe even the trendline again. Maybe this is being too cautious and I will miss out quite a lot.

We also have quite a lot of AUD news today which might help one way or the other.

Appreciate your input.

Regards

Ken

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
could EURCAD be going down now? I have put a stop order at 1.3680 just below the pin-ish bar that appear on H4.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Hi happypi,

I think there is a question mark over the trend on many of the Euro pairs at the moment. There seems to be a lot of strength in the Euro at the moment and I am personally more inclined to look for long positions on the EUR/USD and EUR/CAD.

However, that being said we have to read the signals as they come!

On to your trade though... my first question is: are you successful trading this method on the daily time frame? If not, you should not be looking to enter a trade off of the H4 charts - especially when the trend is not absolutely clear.

Secondly, if a "pin bar" or other such formations are not triggered within the next one or two bars (particularly on the H4 time frame) I would be even more wary of the setup. Ideally I would have wanted that pin bar to break immediately with a good downward push.

I hope you don't take this the wrong way but I think you might be getting ahead of yourself a little.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Hi Ken,

Thanks for your kind words! I know there is a lot of argument about timeframes around this forum but honestly I believe the longer timeframes are easier to read and more relaxed to trade. I also find they give me the freedom to not even worry about looking at a chart until near the end of the day. Working just an hour a day... that for me is the freedom I am looking for!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Hello again.

Due to my inexperience probably, I just can not determine the trend on EURCAD. I get different conclusion depending how far I zoom in/out.

As Dan says the EUR seems to be strong, but...I dont know why that should be!

I do actually have a Sell Stop on EURAUD @1.3570 on the basis that it has room to run, and would hopefully be clear of S/R. and it is with the trend.

Other than that I am Long AUDUSD @ 1.008 again with trend and with clear space for a while.

Just been taken in short on AUDNZD after clearing R/S and after near bounce from down trendline. (Not convinced about this one)

Edit: This short was a mistake, due to my not looking at all the factors. Will watch it closely to close with as small a loss as possible.

Regards

Ken

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Hello Dan.

I am very new to longer TFs but so far, they do make a lot of sense, and "seem" to be easier to read.

Having said that, there are crosses at the moment, when I can not see the trend no matter what TF I look at or how much I zoom out. I am taking this as a sign to stay clear until a prominent trend shows itself. Probably just my inexperience though.

If I may, I would appreciate some guidance on one thing if you have time.

On some crosses, I am finding that my S/R "zones" are quite wide, and when I look at the chart I am finding that there is not a great deal of room between the low of one zone and the high of the next.

Either I am making the zones too wide, or I am putting too many of them in. Could you roughly give me an idea of how far apart your zones would be on say USDJPY and how wide on average the zone itself is.

I know you cant generalise but a rough idea would be a great help.

Many Thanks.

Regards

ken

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
hey dan! Thanks for sharing those charts! Esp the eur aud one.

I read through one of the link you posted, the one on eu. Where you netted 1000+ pips on that, i was wondering did you have a specific target before you enter the trade? Because it seems like you let the trade run as long as it kept making lower highs and lows.

So my qns is do you usually let your trade run or would you also have a fix target to take profit? Exampple a strong s&r level?

I like your last post in mentioning an hr a day for the freedom you need.

I totally am looking forward to reach that goal, trading the 4hr and daily as they are less stressful.

Thanks for all your effort you have put in, appreciate it

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Thanks Dan,

u're right, i think i'm trying to go too fast. alright, i shall only trade the dailies till i am profitable. till then, i still need lots of help from u and fellow traders in this thread. thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Ken911,

Just my humble opinion but i would say the current trend is up, i have attached a chart to explain why.
When the trend line was broken and price failed to make lower lows and started to make higher highs that’s the time to look at a possible trend change. If you had entered around the 1.33500 then i would be watching the current price level with interest to see if it will break above the resistance at 1.37000. Or if you are looking for entries now i would be waiting for price to prove it has past the S/R area of 1.37000 before making a long trade.
This is just my humble opinion though.

Bez

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Hello Bez.

Many thanks for taking the time to reply.

My feed doesnt quite show the higher low that your chart does, but shows an equal or slightly lower low still. Since then of course it has risen, and I would have been wise to have taken the long as you said. Strange how the different feeds can be slightly off and make a difference to the trade.

Can work both ways though, so as you kindly advised, I will keep and eye for a break above resistance if there is a trigger.

I do appreciate your help and advice.

Regards

Ken

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
We are in short trend. Reached 50% of previous move. Also reached 1,3050 level where there was congestion in the past. Today is outside bar to the direction of trend. I will send the stop under low of this bar.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
That looks a good trade Milan.

Pending short at 1.2854

Many Thanks

Ken

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Hi guys,

Just a quick post as I only have a minute... keeping my eye on the Euro at the moment; possible buy on the cards!

I will be back later this week as I know there are a couple of questions addressed to me... I'm just struggling for time at the moment (as always!!).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Appreciate any time you can spare Dan.

Regards

Ken

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
For anyone interested, here is my latest analysis video:

Weekly Analysis.

Best Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Hi Ken,

Sorry for the slow response... as I mentioned in an earlier post time is a rare commodity at the moment.

S/R zones can often be quite large - typically my zones on UJ are about 100 pips wide. My zones on UJ tend to be about 200 to 400 pips apart.

I would say that less is more! If you haven't got much space between zones it may be that you are picking too many levels to watch.

I try and keep it to the levels that are particularly easy to see. The ones that really stand out when you are looking at a zoomed out daily or weekly (better) chart.

I have attached a chart for you to give you an idea of what I tend to be looking for.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Hi fartist,

I tend to try and let my trades run for as long as possible. As you pointed out, I tend to place my stop beyond the lower highs and then watch how price reacts when it makes it back up to those highs. If it breaks I close out and if price rejects the area I hang on a little longer!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Nice work as always! I wish I knew how to make those funky videos!

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
excellent analysis Rio

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Hi guys,

I am trying to get back into the swing of doing a "weekly analysis" of a few of the majors.

To save me the hassle of uploading multiple images etc I decided just to post it on my blog at:

http://the-trend-trader.blogspot.com...uary-2011.html

which I am also going to make an attempt to keep up to date!

I will still be posting stuff on this thread but I am planning to post the weekly reviews on my blog for my own ease of access.

Hope that is of use to someone!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
I'm watching the EUR/USD with interest today.

Looking from the daily chart - if we get a hammer formation (still a few hours until close so pure speculation at this point) I will look to buy.

However, I am going to prepare to trade a breakout south if price remains below 1.3500.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
I did also take the AUD/USD setup I mentioned in my blog.

It's currently sitting a few pips in the red but I am still holding my position at this time.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Another possible long setup here...

* * Not trade advice!!! Trade at your own risk and on your own analysis only * *

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Hi Dan

Many thanks for your reply, and the chart which was very helpful.

Your weekly analysis will be very useful too when you get the time.

Thanks again.

Regards

Ken

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
price near 1.55 now and depending on the price action, we may trade either direction.

If long, i wan to see a re-test before entering but i dont think it can last long so i will put tp near the outer TL.

currently i believe short will be a better option and if given price action, i will trade it and hold for as long as possible.

Any comments? thanks.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
I drew my S/R lines a bit differently.  TLs and swing analysis seems to be more bearish (to me).  I know you don't use the 200ema, but the bounce off the ema along with the 61.8% fib retracement holding as resistance makes me wonder if we might not see more down movement?

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Difficult to determine the overall trend now, but to me, it seems more likely to short. That would continue the previous bearish trend.

Regards

ken

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Any update about this? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Hi ken,

thanks for ur reply. as i am seeing now, price on the daily seems to be forming a bullish pin bar. I still favour a short trade but for now, I'll pass this pair.

EU is a more interesting pair to look at now. A daily pin-bar could be appearing at the 38.2% level. I'll take a look again after the candle closes to decide what to do.

Another trade i think worth looking is the NU. it's near 0.75 and i hope price gives me a signal to go long.

Thanks. Any comments?

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Hi happypi,

Certainly worth keeping an eye on...

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Hi NeoRio,

Yes it is by no means clear cut, no matter which way you approach it! The Euro is a bit of quandary for me in general at the moment!

This is the potential setup I see (note that I have put my horizontal levels on as centralised lines to make it easy on the eyes but I tend to allow a few pips either side of those lines)...

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Hi Ken,

I have posted above my current perspective on this one (not that that necessarily means anything!) but what I would add is that if things aren't entirely clear to you (or anyone in general) the best course of action is to stay out until things are clear.

You will miss more trading opportunities this way but you are also more likely to retain more of your capital using this discretion!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Hi sipekan,

Well I must admit I thought it was all over yesterday. But my trade managed to hang on in there, literally by the skin of it's teeth! Stop was missed by just a few pips.

On reflection, I was being too greedy and should have placed a bigger stop. Lucky this time but I could easily have been taken out yesterday - and it was sheer luck that I didn't.

Of course, I could still get buggered tomorrow but who knows... time will tell.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
No, I'm not talking about Vince Cable this time.

I posted this as a possible trade on my blog recently... stupidly though I decided against it!

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Thanks for the charts, Dan.  What broker (data feed) do you use?  Many of your candles are different than mine.

Thanks,

Neo

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Hello guys,

Could you please take a look at my analysis and let me know if I am on the same page as you. This is a EU on daily.

I have two TL, one from a longer time back and one more recent.

Lets take a look at the most recent one ( its the TL that you fully see on this graph ) The support zone is approx 1.3500-1.3400 (indicated by yellow line)

- Price hit the support.

- We see an engulfing candle pattern?

- The buy price in this graph is 1.3600 since its the closest round number above the engulfing candle, however, we can enter a buy now and get a discount price?

Does this seem to be correct?

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
hi Dan, i have read this thread and this is a very nice thread

i have a question for you, i'm wondering why don't you use pivot weekly or pivot monthly as your pivot and s&r level instead of drawing it manually?

this is a snapshot of eurusd today
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

rgds,

daniel

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Hi Neo,

I tend to use Alpari UK for charting (via Metatrader) and trade with Oanda as well as Alpari UK.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Hi IliaM,

We are on a similar page but there are just a couple of points I would like to make.

1. I agree with your support level around 1.3500 - for me this is the key aspect of the trade.

2. My chart doesn't show a real "engulfing" candle but it does show a bullish move up which I have taken as a sign that the 1.3500 level has held and is reason enough for me to take the trade.

3. I'm not sure if we are talking about the same trendline (so to avoid confusion I have annotated your chart) but I don't consider this to be a technically valid trendline until price makes a new high (if it does). If that happens I would then consider it to be a technically valid two-touch trendline.

Hopefully though you have interpreted the trend correctly (I say hopefully because I am currently long EUR/USD too!!).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Hi Daniel,

Thank you for your kind words.

I am sure pivot levels have their uses (in fact I have used them on an intraday basis) but to be honest I do not consider them to be of too much importance as part of my longer term trend trading.

The support/resistance levels that I use (that I refer to as "key" or "major" levels) are past levels that have proven to hold sway in the market.

My trading is defined in two distinct parts. The first is direction. This is key to my trading because direction gives me an edge. If I interpret the trend correctly I have good grounds to trade with it. It is a fundamental factor. Many people say trading is just gambling but if you know that a particular trend is in place I would say you are doing more than gambling. You are attempting to take advantage of a price movement that has a fundamental grounding in reality. There is a reason a trend exists and that is because the people who move the market are trading in that direction. If you can correctly interpret and exploit the trend you have an edge in the market.

Secondly, I try to trade from an area that gives me the "optimal" point of entry. By choosing specific levels that have already acted as support/resistance or supply/demand if you like, I am increasing my chances of a profitable trade. I just don't see pivot points as having the same strength as the support/resistance levels that I trade from.

Of course nothing is guaranteed but I try to stack the odds in my favour in the most logical way that I can.

Hope that makes sense!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
ah... i see. ok Dan, thank you for your explanation, that makes sense.

rgds,

daniel

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
My EU went approx 50 pips into my 100 pip stop loss back up. close one.

DanUK thanks for ur reply.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Dan and guys,

I have been trying to figure out the exit and its a little bit confusing when u are trying to actually execute it. Here are my analysis on the exit. Please DanUK and others let me know your analysis thoughts.

My analysis

EU: I have a horizontal resistance at 1.3750 which seems to have some value. And that is where it meets the resistance trend line (See chart below) Does that mean we should exit here? Or just keep sitting in it until a pull back where you add on the the buy? Currently 90 pips green

GU: Has a horizontal resistance at 1.6300 and my question is same as with EU, do we hold and add or just drop it off? Currently 140 pips green.

I also decided to move my SL to break even. Do you think this is a wise move?

Looking forward to your reply.

Thanks.

-Ilia

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Hi IliaM,

Just a quick reply via iPhone (as I'm travelling at the moment)... your stop management should reflect your assessment of the trend and your trade plan.

My personal preference is to hold as we can never be sure how far a trend will run I consider it unwise to cut your winners short. I therefore prefer to trail my stop.

I know it's a tad cliche but I do try to cut my losing trades short and let my winners run.

I will drop in late with some charts/examples of this.

Regards,

Dan

PS My EUR/CAD long finally triggered today!

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Hi Dan.

You know I was looking at the EURCAD trying to decide if the trend had changed to up, or if it was just a HUGE retrace, and then a continuation of the downtrend. I find this happens a lot, and I always have this problem with such large "retraces"

Was it the break of the RN that you used as the trigger on this one, or was it the 68% Fib bounce..........or both?

Regards

Ken

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Hey dan! Thanks for your reply and sorry for the late reply!

Thanks for sharing and happy trading!

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Here is my latest analysis for anyone interested:

Weekly Analysis

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Hi Dan and Guys,

My EU also got cancelled at break even. If you look at the daily resistance from Feb 10th to 14th, it is sitting right at it.

How do we analyze this situation?  Im thinking we need to watch for the break out and the retest, however, I always have the problem of thinking I am going to miss the right time to get in.

Dan how does your thought process approach this one?

Thanks

- ilia

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
hi Guys, I believe this is a good signal for us to go long. wat do u think? I would wait for the candle to close before I enter about 10pips off the high of the candle.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Hi guys,

Just a quick post as I'm really busy at work today (will try and post some charts when I get home tonight).

My AUD/USD and EUR/CAD trades both closed out at breakeven. I have since re-entered EUR/CAD and watching price action on AUD/USD to determine whether or not I get back in.

My GBP/USD and EUR/USD trades are still open.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
HEY DAN and guys,

Thanks Dan on your thoughts and input. Check out this set up happening.

I saw this break out on the GBP/JPY and went long. It broke the resistance and started to retest so I figured it showed a sign of being bullish. Got it on the long. your thoughts about my analysis?

Thanks,

- Ilia

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
I went long on the previous post of the GBP / JPY and it just dropped down to the horizontal resistance @ 134.00 making it - 70 in the red. I have a feeling i will get stopped out on this trade.

- Ilia

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Hi IliaM,

The problem you have encountered here is that you are trying to go long at the top of the trend rather than waiting for a pullback and "discount" to get in. Also, I would note that 135.00 is a "key" level and as price has failed to break through this area I wouldn't be taking any longs into it as close as you did.

If you wanted to go long on this pair you should really be waiting for price to pullback to an area of interest. If you take a look at the chart I have attached you will see the sort of thing I would look for... price should pullback to a trendline, fib level, support/resistance area or a confluence of these things. When it does you should wait to observe the price action and if it is bullish at one of these levels you have a trigger to get in.

I hope that helps.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
A quick explanation of my thought process... in the event that it might be helpful (or not!)...

AUD/USD - after going long last week price slowly made it's way back up to the descending trendline (see chart). Yesterday's candle closed quite bearishly back below the trendline and I therefore decided it would be wise to move my stop to breakeven (and was subsequently stopped out).

EUR/CAD - as with the A/U trade; price had finally made it's way back up to the descending trendline before turning bearish again. Moved stop to breakeven. After being stopped out price reacted very strongly off the ascending trendline creating an H4 bullish outside bar... which I used as a trigger to get back into the trade.

I decided to hold my EUR/USD and GBP/USD positions as I felt more comfortable with the price action.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Hi Dan,

Thanks for response. I totally see where I went wrong. I used the break and the retest of the horizontal resistance as a trigger but I thought I already missed the move up (at that time the candle was green) so I hopped in.

But I should have used fibs as well. Do you think a move to 132.50 would be a good indication to get back in? Also once the price moves toward 132.50 what can we use to confirm that it is more probable to bounce in our direction?

- Ilia

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Hi Ilia,

Yes I would be interested if price gets down to that area. Once there you should watch for a bullish signal... such as a hammer or bullish outside/engulfing bar. Ideally you should be watching for this signal on the daily time frame or H4 as a minimum (note however that a signal on the H4 chart must be an A+ looking candle).

Once you are a bit more familiar with trading this method you can use a few other setups (such as flags, trendline breaks, W and M patterns etc) but for now it's best to stick with the aforementioned "price action" setups.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Hi DanUK,

I just recently started to follow your thread, I had something similar to you strategy for a long on my mind, as the only old good staff can be that good. But I guess I'm missing something out, on EURUSD, could you explain why you went long on that one and not short ?? since on D1 charts it looks like down trend ...

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Hi Vitaliy,

I had a couple of reasons to favour longs over shorts. First, the descending trendline (see attached chart) was broken to the upside and then re-tested (which subsequently held).

Price then broke the key support/resistance level (for me this is the most important test) in the 1.3500 area.

Price came back down to re-test the 1.3500 level (which held) and I decided to place a long on the bounce back up from the level.

Incidentally I was also watching price form a "bull flag" shown in my second chart, which again suggested a possible breakout to the upside developing.

Hope that helps.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
thanks a lot Dan, I hope you don't if I will ask some nooby questions now and then

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Hey Dan,

What you think is happening to GBP USD? it seems Like it cant break this years feb high. And last high before that was in Jan of 2010. Yesterday was the second bounce down from that resistance.

But also there is the analogy where if it hangs around a resistance too long usually it is  more probable that it will break it.

I dont know the game plan for this one Dan help

- Ilia

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Hi Vitaliy,

No of course not, that's prefectly fine - we all had to ask the questions once.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Hi Ilia,

I am still holding my long position. Price has made it up from 1.6000 to the next key level of support/resistance in the 1.6250 area. As this is a "key" level I am not surprised to see price have a tough time trying to break through.

My game plan is to follow the trend and until that has proven to have changed the trend is up.

If I was not already in a trade then my current game plan would be to sit on the sidelines for now. To enter long I would wait for price to either (a) come back down to the 1.6000 level or (b) wait for price to break above 1.6250 and then come back down to re-test it.

In either scenario it would be advisable to also wait for a bullish price-action setup to trigger your entry.

Hope that helps - but if it doesn't please feel free to ask further questions!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Hey thanks DanUK,

That was all I needed to get focused back onto my trade plan. Sometimes I loose focus when Im in a trade.

- Ilia

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Thanks I was just about to ask about the same thing, and you wrote exactly my thoughts, Do you think EURUSD will brake 1.3800 line ? look like 1.3800 and 1.3850 levels will be a subject of interest for the next day or two

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Hi guys,

Anyone thinking of buying EUR/CAD... I think we have a potential setup here.

Watch for price action in the "area of interest" shown on my chart... we have confluence of re-testing the broken trendline, 50% fib retracement and key support/resistance around 1.3500.

Trade at your own risk though people! This is not a signal service... only trade this if your own analysis confirms my thoughts!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Thanks for the heads up.  I've been keeping an eye on this one myself.

Best,

Neo

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Hi DanUK

I have been forex trading for some time now and overall not been successful. Good, strict money management has been my saving grace!I recently came to the conclusion that I should perhaps start trading longer time frames. So, I have started following your Trend Trading thread. I've enjoyed reading your stuff ("stuff"?) because it seems to offer a less frenetic, more stable, reliable and relaxed approach. (Being an old gruntfuttock, the latter indeed really does appeal)!

However, I am having a hard time putting your method (system?) into a format that would be easily followed and referred to for day-to-day guidance. I know that you have mentioned a couple of times that you intend to set out your  'game plan' in the form of a PDF. Have you managed to find time to do this yet? If so, would you please point me in the right direction?

I'm sure that I speak for us all when I say how much I appreciate the time and effort you put in to help us benefit from your expertese.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
http://www.babypips.com/school/ check this out, it may be helpful, the thing is Dan's strategy is the combination of basic stuff that everyone should know and practice, until the recent time I was practicing on demo without success, because demo doesn't involve any financial interest. But recently I started with mini account and 0.01 lots, which is way better to practice because it involves some amount of money which makes you think before entering the trades not just " meeehh looks right lets try it and see". Not a significant amount maybe 100 $ but it makes you check 4hrs charts every 4hrs

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Hi Dan,

I have been looking at ec and marked the same area of S&R but also some more area's. Hope you don't mind me posting my take on this pair at the moment?

I think initially the retrace looks great but then i noticed the two other areas of S&R above this area. I have marked them on the chart attached with arrows, as i type this price is sitting on my blue S&R line if it pushes through it may get rejected by the next area i marked in red or it may push through.

I will be looking for price to be rejected at one of these levels then drop below the 1.3520 area and retest for a possible short. I may be wrong but i am basing it on the idea that price likes to follow the path of least resistance and as i dont see this pair trending the path of least resistance would be down away from the previous areas of S&R.

Again this is just my 2 cents and a different take on this pair, hope you don't mind and maybe even find it interesting.

All the best, and good trading all.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Just a thought...

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Dan, thanks a lot for posting the charts.

They help a lot to understand more.

Thanks

Andreas

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Thanks Vitaliy - much obliged.

Dan's is not a system then, rather a simple philosophy, i.e. the trend is your friend?

After so many years trading forex pairs using short TFs, I think I have a reasonably good handle on the basics by now. So, all I need to do is follow this thread in order to help me decide which PA signals take priority at any given moment? I hope that this alternative philosophy, i.e. learn from your mistakes, will indeed provide more gains than losses in the long run.

OK, I'll give it a go - using strict money management principles of course!

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
thorset look up forex training videos on torrent, found a lot of good stuff there explaining a lot if not all and more stuff that Dan talked about.

Dan are you still long on EURUSD ??

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
just a quick thought .... what is your opinion ?

P.S. order was placed by EA ... don't mind that

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Hi folks,

First of all thanks a lot for sharing this simple and profitable method Dan.

secondly i would like to know if this is a good opportunity to get in if not can you please tell me why?

thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
another opportunity.. we may see triple top here by Tuesday we will have a clearer  price action.

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Hi 0Bid,

I am not Dan but i am only looking to short this pair as its been in a strong down trend since the middle of last year making lower lows and lower highs (I never trade against an established trend).

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Agreed strong trend  but it formed double bottom. thanks for the advice.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Hi Vitaliy,

That's a difficult question to answer. I try not to predict the market as such but I tend to assume that the trend will continue rather than assuming the trend will change (the essence of trend trading basically). Therefore my assumption is that the level will break. But I have no way of knowing that for sure so all I can do is be aware that the level is a potential obstacle and adjust my trading accordingly (i.e. not trading into etc).

I have the level as 1.3700 to 1.3800 which is where price is milling around at the moment. If we break above I expect to hold as support and would be a potential level to trade off of. If we break below I will watch for price action at the lower level around 1.3500.

Hope that is of some use!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Hi thorset,

No I must admit I have never gotten around to writing the method into a "game plan" as such.

I would say that my trading approach is more of a strategy than a system. It is based on the assumption that there is a "fundamental" reason that underlies the trend and that gives us a basic approach to the market.

I am glad to have been some assistance and hope to continue to provide some use! If you/others are still interested in me formalizing the strategy please PM me with ideas/suggestions of what you might want to see written into the game plan.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Hi bez3000,

Yes that's a fair comment. There was no signal at the level I mentioned and therefore no trade.

I've closed my earlier long on E/C for 100 pips and am looking for another entry. The next place I will be looking to is the lower support area and ascending trendline around 1.3350.

The flow is not entirely clear at the moment so it's not a great one to trade. I will only get back in with a good clear setup. If not I will be sitting on the sidelines I think.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Hi Vitaliy,

Yes I am still long on the E/U.

The double top you have highlighted (at about 1.3800) is certainly possible but not tradable (based on this method) until it is broken (under 1.3500) and re-tested. If the level holds on the re-test then a short would be acceptable - but not until then!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Hi 0Bid,

I'm not sure that anyone could tell you if this is a good "opportunity" or not. You would have to be able to predict the future to know that for certain!

It is however counter-trend and therefore not a trade I would advocate. My preferred course of action would be to short above.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Again, this would be counter-trend and therefore not applicable to this strategy. It may be a fair trade but doesn't belong here (no offense intended).

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Speaking of the AUD/USD - I am a bit annoyed with myself at the moment. My first trade off of 1.0000 got stopped out at breakeven and then due to being busy with "other things" (i.e. my actual job lol!!) I missed the next entry which so far appears to be the entry that pays!

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Hi Dan,

I am curious why you closed your position for 100 pips. Mine ended on BE and it was already 200+ pips positive. Yes, there were signs of weak, especialy the candle on the 23.2. - it finished at half of this candle. But also there was a new high, so I thought the move will continue. I also took a look on the related charts - EURUSD was on the resistance of descending trendline and USDCAD looked like it will breach the support. So there was a  probability of short move. But you are a trend trader, so I presume you take all or nothing. Or was it any advanced technique you havent mentioned yet?

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Hi Milan,

I manage my trade as appropriate to market conditions as I can. I am also more concerned with where price ended up than where it spiked... and in this particular instance it was the third spike up (the candle you mentioned) that concerned me.

If you look at the close of price this made it the third consecutively lower peak - a sign of weakness. As a trend trader this is not a signal for me to sell but it is a signal to be cautious.

So basically it comes down to experience. Given the choppiness of the market lately I decided to tighten my stop and take some profit (100 pips or 2% in this case) out of the market rather than nothing and if I get another signal to buy I will consider it.

The thing to remember is that different market conditions require different approaches. In a situation where I feel the trend is strong I give my trades more room and time to breathe (especially where I have multiple in-profit positions). If the trend is weak (or almost non-existent in this case) and/or you do not have positions already in profit (to cover) you have to be a bit more cautious in your management.

I hope that helps to explain my approach to these situations but if you want any further clarification feel free to ask.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Hi guys,

I don't really like posting my trades here because I am unable to do so in real time (due to being at work!) so I have posted it on my blog here: link

Basically I managed to get back in on the EUR/CAD long.

I am watching PA carefully at the moment for signs of price turning around as I am still cautious on the trend.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
I almost added to my EUR/USD position too but the price action didn't feel quite right to me... wrong on that one!

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
I think I cursed the trade... price tanked! Got my finger on the button, ready to pull the plug! Will update shortly.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Closed at -20 pips in the end

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Hey dan, i believed you close the trade before your SL was hit.

Care to share with us on your insight on what made you close it?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Hello mate,

Sorry I made the update on my blog and forgot to post it here... to save me the time here is the link

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
I've just come out of some GJ long positions which were profitable...and now I'm looking to possibly reverse if all the ducks line up.

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
I have been looking at this market with a short in mind.

Yes the double top is interesting. The stoch has turned down as well. 134.15 area must not be breached though...

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
My short bias on this pair is waning with time.  If we do get a short setup on the H1 or H4, I think it would be a short run (which I'm fine with).  I'm looking at the bigger frames and feeling like my analysis from last week is more sound, that the major trend to the upside has more going for it.  It is NFP week, so not the best week to be looking for major new trends to give confirmation.

Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Short this pair would have turned out ok. As you said it might be a small run. We wait and see after the data

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Yes, would have given over 60 pips so far (crumbs by Dan's standards)...but a nice little scalp nonetheless.  And who knows?--this could continue dropping.

Neo

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Every man for himself. If I took 60pips by now I can relax and forget about nfp. I am slowly re-engineering my trading to long termish trading and hopefully I will be able to join Dan in saying 60pips is nothing. Thanks for your analysis

Thanks to Dan too for a great thread

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Has been a good week. Currently have the following trades open:

EUR/USD Long from 1.3700 @ 280 pips

EUR/USD Long from 1.3800 @ 184 pips

GBP/USD Long from 1.6300 @ -33 pips

I am hopeful that GBP/USD will start moving up again as it is still above it's trendline and is showing bullish price action.

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Hi Dan,

I hope that this post belongs here !!

I am currently looking at the AUD/USD and on a fundamental note:

- The world economy has recovered. Australia seems  to be tanking and the recent floods didn't really stopped their growth.

- The biggest risk i see is China's tightening policy that could impact Australia's exports by stopping them to buy their commodities.

- Also, the US is printing money at a furious rate (75 billion USD/month)  and have a very very low interest rate.

- And finally the central bank of Australia is having a high interest rate.

On the technical side my chart:
Attached Image

So i was thinking that buying at 1.0075 (middle of 1.0100 and 1.0050) is a good idea.

With your experience with S&R, and after what i read on your threads it seems an A+ trade.

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Ok, my trades from last week closed out as follows:

EUR/USD Long from 1.3700 = 200 pips

EUR/USD Long from 1.3800 = 100 pips

GBP/USD Long from 1.6300 = -100 pips

I have today entered an anti-hedge style trade on GBP/USD as the market seems to have found support on the outer trendline. I have also entered a pending long on EUR/USD @ 1.3950 as support is also being found at trendline and it looks like 12:00 bar will close as a pin-bar type formation.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Good trading. I am also LONG GBPUSD.

Am also waiting for EU tomorrow as they have decisions to make regarding Greece etc. Am still bearish EU but then again, your trading figures are much better than mine....

Am now long NZD/JPY with a scout as I think all the problems in NZ have been priced in.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
I only trade EUR/USD and GBP/USD. I took my GBP trade off at break-even last night as there was no movement. EUR trade was never hit. Plently of short-term bearish action now. Sitting on sidelines for now to see if this is a pullback or change of trend.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
I need help on how to see Fib Retracements. Can anyone guide me on this? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Hi guys,

Sorry I've been neglecting the thread lately. Trends have been very slow and I've really been concentrating on refining my intraday trading strategy. It's going pretty well but still very much early days so no conclusive proof of whether or not I can do it yet! I'm up 20% so far this month but there's every possibility I will give that all back (and more)! But who knows!

I will still be around to answer questions and stuff... starting with GoEagle's... I tend to draw my fib using the most recent engulfing swing in the direction of the trend.

Eg...

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Hi Dan and everyone,

I just placed this trade. What do you guys think?

- Retrace to the previous trendline

- Break of triangle pattern

- Hammer candle spotted

- 2% Equity

Hope to learn from you all.

Great thread going btw!

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Thanks Dan. I would like to know how to draw a fib and what does the % mean?

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
DanUK,

I have just finished reading this entire thread and it’s terrific. This is how I’ve been trading and you have provided a lot of clarity for me. I hope that you continue to keep this thread alive – it’s invaluable. I also want to thank NeoRio – I hope you also continue to contribute to this thread. Finally, I want to thank simpleguy who referred me to this thread.

I thought I would consolidate my questions into one post. After reading this thread I feel that my questions have not been covered previously so I hope that this adds additional value to everyone. I have listed them in order of importance (to me that is!):

1) Correlations. How do you take correlations into account when trading multiple pairs at the same time? I noticed at one time you had trades open on AUDUSD, EURUSD and GPBUSD. That’s like tripling-down! The great thing about trading the dailies is that you have time to trade most pairs. The bad part is that you could end up in a maze of correlation confusion. What I do now is spend 2 hours a night going over about 20 pairs (that may be nuts but that’s what I do). When I think about entering a trade I go to the correlation table at MATAF.com. I try to follow the rules that I will not enter a trade if my potential trade has a correlation factor of >80 or <-50 compared to any trade I have currently open. I do this so I don’t double-down or go against what I have open (creating a wash situation). I find that this puts me in a pickle quite often since it precludes me from entering nice set-ups. How do you approach this issue? How many pairs do have open at a given time? Do you have a max? Should I limit the pairs I look at? I would also like to hear from NeoRio on this issue. Neo: you have around 12 pairs you look at. How did you come up with that list? Do you limit yourself to a certain amount of open trades?

2) Entering after Pinbars and Engulfing Bars. Can you please clarify when you enter on the candles after the pinbars (hammer/shooting) and engulfing bars? Let’s assume going long. I think it is on the high of the pinbar or engulfing bar, correct? If yes, then my issue is this: I use daily candles that close 5pm NY time (I think this is common). So I can’t be there exactly when the daily bar closes (I start trading at around 8pm NY time). What frequently happens is that when I start reviewing my charts the high on the new daily has already surpassed the high of the pinbar or the engulfing bar. This obviously is not uncommon since the open of the new daily bar is often very close to the high of the pinbar or engulfing bar. So how would you solve this dilemma? In these situations I would sometimes place a limit order BELOW the high of the pinbar to enter on a mini-retracement. I don't like doing that but I feel I must when I'm too late.

3) Candle Metrics. Have you ever thought about creating some metrics to objectively define pinbars? For example, the tail has to be 4 times the width of the body.

Lastly, for those starting out with this strategy I highly recommend to use Oanda as your broker. Their charting stinks IMHO so I use TradeStation for that. Thanks so much!!

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Hi All

I can see everyone is weel and trading. Good.

I am lazy bastard but here are two of my interests lately for discussion.

I hope you enjoy and feel free for commenting.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...ostcount=12041

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...ostcount=12039

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Thank you for the kind words, glad to hear my posts have been helpful.  This is my favorite thread on the FF...and the fact that it's a slower moving thread is just fine.  Pretty much all the info you need to do ATT is already posted in the early pages.

Good point, can you give a link to MATAF and their correlation table?

I think this is a very good point, while I understand how Dan looks at 20 pairs and scans for the best pairs, for newbie traders I think 1 or 2 pairs is a better way to focus your attn.  My favorite pairs are GU/EU/EJ, but I trade others also.  I look at 14 pairs, but seldom take trades on the more exotic pairs that don't move so seamlessly.  It only makes sense that if you're long the NU, why go short the AU at the same time?--etc.

I'd say the best solution would be to be present at 5pm ET.  I know Dan will often trade IBs/OBs by taking the break of the candle before the IB (the OB before the IB, etc)...in which case you have more time.  I usually trade the break of the IB/OB if the engulfing candle that came before the IB/OB is big and will mean an entry of 50 or more pips away from where I could have entered.  For your case, if you come to your computer at 8pm ET and the D1 candle has already given its entry signal, you could drop down to the H4 or H1 and look for another optimal entry point.

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Hi to all

I've just joined the forum, but i think this is an excellent price action thread.

I'd like to post my thoughts and charts, but my modus operandi is basically day trading the daily chart. I have yet to have a real runner of a trade. I would like to echo the sentiment, Neorio your posts are great, please keep them up during Dans absence.

My style, although completely based on Price Action, and classical candlestick patterns, tends to lock in profit fairly early, whilst moving my stop to b/e.

It's akin to scalping the daily, but if this is not suitable for the thread, please let me know.

regards

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Thanks a lot Neo.  It's mataf.net not ".com" (sorry).  Link is http://www.mataf.net/en/tools/01-01-correlation

So just to follow-up on correlation, do you have a max number of open trades?  Would you trade EURUSD if you already had a trade open on GPBUSD?  As you see this correlation thing is an issue with me - I want to have a system to face it.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
what is IB/OB?

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
I guess we'd need to see a chart, or hear your criteria for entries and exits to see if there is anything that can complement the method.

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Thanks for the link, looks like a great correlation chart to refer to throughout the week.  I personally have no rules as to how many trades I can have open at a given time...as long as my account is not risking more than my daily/weekly quota (if I have 5 trades open which are all in profit and with stops set to BE, then taking on new trades is not adding to the risk of my open trades, etc).  I trade the GU and EU simultaneously quite often.  I'm a firm believer in setting my stop to BE as soon as possible.  I probably set it to BE +2, 3, or 5 much earlier than Dan does.

Best Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Hey guys what are ur thoughts on shorting the EU @ 1.3900?

I entered the trade with a 110 pips stop.

Reason for entry:

-most recent swing high did not break high of previous swing high.

-Price is at a support from Dec 3, 2009 - Nov 4, 2010

- Price is at a round number

- shooting star candle formation

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Not *yet*.  IMHO it's still early to call the last 4 Daily candles a proper "swing".  It could be that in the next day or 2 that high from 2 weeks ago will yet be taken out.  Until we get a clean break out of the consolidation area in the D1 TF, I'd say we might not safely be able to dismiss this current cluster of candles as a failed swing high.--but that's just me.

I'm afraid I don't see a SS candle formation.  SS's are supposed to be elevated above the impulse move that they came from.

Best Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Iliam, after answering your analysis, I thought I would take a minute and pull up a chart with some analysis and thoughts of my own for your consideration.

Kind Regards,

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Looks like a pretty good set-up on AUDNZD.  Trendline slightly broken but everything else looks good.  Thoughts?

http://www.google.com/

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Hi Reset,

This is what I think of AUDNZD.

from weekly, I can see a upwards channel broken and price seems to be re-testing it. And the last weekly candle is a pin-ish candle. it is at a s/r region too.

Down to the daily, yes, your trend line is alright and it has broken but on my chart, price is actually resting on a different trend line.

So, i will be looking for a long trade. Any comments are welcomed.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
hi been a while since I checked around here, my opinions on this:

- trendline too steep for my taste

- TL broken = broken! (yes price did come back above in this particular case, but be careful)

- personally I would draw the fibs from Jan 28th.

- for short-term trading, yes, going long might work... not sure what target you're looking for.

Hi zoli, Ford looks good technically. I'm also following this one. I believe F has a bit more downside, looking at the area around 13.00.  They are trying to defend the 200ma at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Has this thread moved died out??

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
I don't think so.  It's just a bit quiet.  If you're more into the daily back and forth stuff, I have a Skype room for ATT method.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Hi guys,

Sorry it's been a bit quiet here lately. I have to admit that I've kind of lost interest in posting these days. I don't mean that in a bad way it's just that I think I've come to the stage in my journey where talking about Forex is just not fun anymore!

I've also been really busy so haven't had a chance to do any intraday trades. I have recently added to my E/U long position though and I just want to go into that briefly:

Since many forex pairs are closely correlated and essentially linked to USD strength/weakness it makes sense to me to focus on just a couple of currency pairs instead of them all. I think it is fair to say that even in these volatile times the E/U still offers the easiest trend trades and so I am focusing most of my energy on that pair.

I currently hold three long positions in the Euro - from 1.3600, 1.3760 and 1.4250. Due to the fact that my long from 1.3760 was a very refined entry (with a very small 20 pip stop) my current positions are up an awful lot (these three positions currently account for a 76.5% profit). I'm not saying this to boast... in fact I was really lucky with that trade from 1.3760 and without it I would have only been up around 17%. Even so, 17% is a very good return in a short space of time. To compare those results just consider for a moment that Warren Buffet's Berkshire Hathaway returns an average of about 22% per year to it's investors.

Obviously I am very pleased with these results so far - even if I discounted my "lucky" trade. And the reason I wanted to share this little revelation is because I think we all get very caught up in aiming for x per cent per month blah blah blah and so many millions in so many years etc when really it is a case of slow and steady wins the race! Cherry pick the best trades and the profit will follow.

I hope someone somewhere benefits from that little tale! For now I am off again... I do have a few PM's to answer and I will do so as soon as I get a few spare minutes!

Later guys!

Dan

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Shame the Thread will end..BUT All the best and Good trading for the Future ... DAN

Take care and see U..

baz

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
I've really enjoyed your threads Dan they've helped with my trading a great deal in all kinds ways and i'm very grateful to you for that.

Thanks Dan

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Hi Neo,

what is your skype room name or how do i get added?

Thanks

D

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
I find these kind of posts rather offensive. There is a PM facility for you to arrange this kind of thing.

Honestly, it's this kind of thing that has spoiled posting here for me. If people are serious about trading lets have some serious posts.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
baz & aus1way,

Thank you for your kind words gentlemen.

I will still drop by from time to time and hope this thread won't die completely!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
I'm glad to hear you say this, Dan.  My bias has always been to concentrate on a few pairs (or even 1), learn to master it, then (if you really need to), add another pair or 2 and get really good with those few, rather than stretching over so many that it's hard to give them the proper attn they deserve.

Kind Regards,

Neo

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
hi dan,

here is eur usd chart, should we exit at around 1.5000 (red area) or we wait again?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Hi danielabas,

That depends on your angle on trade management. I try to ride the trend for as long as it remains "technically" valid. So I personally won't exit any of my position at 1.5000 and will continue to look to add to my trades on retracements. I will wait until I see the trend changing before exiting - but that is just my personal preference; I have come to realise that each trader has to find the exit strategy that they are comfortable with. I am comfortable with my strategy but it often means giving up a large amount of profit when the trend comes to an end (which others may not be comfortable with)... however it also means I am likely to catch more of the trend by not exiting too early (as I don't believe anyone truly knows when a trend is going to end).

Hope that helps!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
thank you dan, i will hold it.the fundamental factors of euro is good so far.i will see what is happening next (actually i am still learning fundamental factors). about technical i thank to you for suggesting me omitting weekly monthly auto pivot calculation. now i find it useless using auto pivot indicators.

rgds,

daniel

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
If I wasn't already in I would be thinking that the EUR/USD looks good for a buy around 1.4500...

Any other thoughts out there?

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Not sure I'd go long the EU on the eve of the NFP.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Doesn't scare me lol!

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Hi DanUK,

I like your method, and start to read this thread hardly ( because not good at English)

it seems that where the price will go is not clear enough.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
I agree - strong downward momentum makes it hard to keep confidence in the uptrend but until the price has shown a true reversal I will continue to hold on! This bitch destroyed 1.4500 though!

The low of around 1.4250 will be a turning point as far as I am concerned.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
have a look at this article DAN..

http://www.businessinsider.com/greec...ng-euro-2011-5

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Interesting stuff baz... don't get me wrong - personally I see the demise of the Euro as inevitable. Eventually the market will overcome the political will and the whole sordid affair will come crashing down. And I will rejoice! But I can't trade opinions I can only trade what the chart tells me!

If this proves to be a trend change I will happily jump in but at the moment shorting the Euro is counter-trend which is something I try to avoid.

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
For sure i , i know  your Strategy...BUT since you and i was wondering " WHAT THE HELL CAUSED it TO move So Much "

No idea ...if there is any truth in it...

But also Good to see you back in Your Cave !!

baz

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
The WEEKLY is a BEEB...and a Huge Bar as compared to the Bullish Bars..

possible Lower move Next week as well..

USD Spot.png

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Lol!

I also heard something about commodity trading rules changing in the US that may have serious ramifications for traders over there... whether it is true or not I don't know.

I do also take note of that big BEEB on the weekly although I personally won't trade it (a good example of why is a similar bar from 08/08/2010 - similar sized down bar and everyone was shouting SELL SELL! Didn't work out though!). But I will certainly be watching the charts closely next week. Reaction not prediction is my general rule in these situations! I personally have no ability to predict what the market will do so I can only trade what I see happening!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
I agree ..trade what the Price Action Tells us...

Monthly remains Bullish...we have had a break of TrendLine and also a ressistance Level Broken to the Upside...and as you know..a retest can Take place...

baz
USD Spot.png

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Nice charts everybody.  Glad to see this thread breathe some life!

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
watching it closely!

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Looks like price has just been rejected by the resistance area marked. Hope to see some lower lows now for shorts or if price rises and brakes prev highs around 1.5100 will look for more longs.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
I also think this area is interesting if it's broken I can see it heading a long way down.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Well I've finally got an entry south... gone short at 1.4200 with a 100 pip stop after price broke the bear flag.

Hopefully this will be the first position of many on the new bear trend!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Well I've finally got an entry south... gone short at 1.4200 with a 100 pip stop after price broke the bear flag. There was actually a much better entry off of a 4 hour BEOB off 1.4300 that I was unable to take but would be looking good now!

Hopefully this will be the first position of many on the new bear trend!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Hi Dan,

Just wondering what criteria you used for your short trade on Euro/USD.

Doesn't appear to meet any of the 5 points on your check list as far as I can tell. Be grateful for some clarification.

Regards

Paul

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hi Paul,

The entry was based off an H4 bear flag that ran into resistance. I never really went into flag patterns when I started the thread but they are a useful pattern to look for.

I'm posting from my iPhone at the moment so can't post a chart but I will post a chart of this entry when I get to my computer!

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Hi Dan. Like what you have been doinghere.  As a relative newbie, 1.5 unprofitable years on smaller time frames.  I have been trying to search out your whole methology.  Up to page 50 of the forum.  It appears your full sustem is scattered through the forum.   Do you have it somewhere in one condensed document which also includes the 4 hour trading.   It would help a lot if you do.    Also so I can get the feel of the system, on a monthly basis with say a 10k account, what is the average sort of pips gained say trading the 6 major pairs?  Please make other comments as you feel may help someone in my position.

Thanks heaps for your forum - Kevin

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
That’s quite alright. I welcome questions – this thread is designed to help and if things aren’t clear I have no problem discussing them.

Regards,

Dan[/quote]

thank you, Dan, very good thread. Excuse for my English. Would you please give us some more pictures with the detailed explanation of your strategy? I'd like to know your entry strategy and the signal criteria which your trade bases on. Thank you!

best regards,

Joey

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Hi all.  I've been reading this thread for a few days now and have gotten to the halfway mark.  This seems like a great strategy that builds on my basic way of trading. However, it is my perception that the thread appeared to have died a bit. Is anyone still following this thread?  Is anyone still using this method?  Does Dan even post here anymore?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
I'll let Dan answer you.  I'm a fan and have done this style of ATT trading for some time now.

Best Regards, NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Neo, your response is timely.  After reading your response I immediately arrived at the point in the thread where you made your first post.  I think post #526 back in November, 2010.  I watched your first video (will watch the others later).  The way you approach your chart reading is almost identical to mine minus the use of indicators.  I start drawing horizontal S/R at the Weekly, then Daily and if I go that far the H4.  Then it's on to Trend Lines (TL).  Even with TLs I use different colors to differentiate the time frame at which the TL was drawn.  I'm looking forward to following this thread and, hopefully, contribute something meaningful.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Hi all,

Yes I am still out here trading!

Sorry I haven't posted here lately but I have to admit to turning to the dark side... intraday trading lol!

As traders we have to adapt to market conditions and I felt that due to worldwide uncertainty the longer term trades were not giving me what I need! So I decided to take the same approach but adapt it to intraday charts, anything down to 15M really.

So I must apologise to kwaters and hotjoey who asked me questions but I missed them and it's probably a bit late to reply now!

NeoRio - thanks for popping in from time to time to answer the odd question here and there!

RickyRudy - I do still trade this method but as I mentioned above I have moved to shorter timeframes out of personal preference. I may well return to longer term trades at some point but until then I felt it best not to mix any intraday stuff into this thread as it's main theme is the longer term charts!

You are of course all welcome to continue to post and hopefully may revive some interest in the thread! The basic tools for a robust and profitable trading method are all here so good luck to anyone who wants to join in!

Regards,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Alright, I just finished reading the entire thread.  It’s good to see you around Dan even if it is just to tell us you can’t stay for long J.  I’ve seen your name on here for a few years now, mostly when I followed Jacko’s thread.  I’ve always thought you were a better trader than him even back in those days.  I’ve always admired your analytical ability.   I was pleased to see that you took the basic approach and made it better.

As I alluded earlier, I too created a deviant of Jacko’s original trend trading method.  However, I stopped trading back in December of 2010 to take care of some things I had neglected and to refine my method.  Then recently I decided that as part of my return I would check to see what you are up to.  Low and behold I found this method of yours, which looks promising in terms of helping me with certain aspects of what I was struggling with.  I was of course getting discouraged seeing the thread die.  My initial thought was that the markets had dried up as far as viable trends.  I recall back in January, when I last looked at chart, my thought was that the trends weren’t as great as they were a few months prior.  I was afraid this was still the case.  Now that I read the last couple pages of this thread I’ve found that hasn’t necessarily been the same.  Nonetheless, I hope you come back to your trend trading ways.  And I hope to meet you the next time I’m in England.  Approximately how far are you from London (in terms of drive time or rail travel)?

The longer time frame Trend Trading is the most conducive to my current lifestyle.  As a result,  I might still pop in here from time to time after I do some back testing with this method.  Hopefully by then you and others such as Bez and NeoRio will be back to continue the discussion.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
We will wait and see your good trading performance, and look forward to hearing your good news.

have a nice day, dude

best regards

Joey

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Hi Dan,

A few years ago I read your old thread and really enjoyed it. I have incorporated much in my own strategy.

Then I see your name pop up again and simply have to subscribe.

I will read your thread and do some backtesting, however I do not doubt your ability, just to help me get a feel for it again.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Current market is a bit all over the place though...

But it will even out at some stage, it always does.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
took this one a few weeks back

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Have read about half this thread already.  Very nice style of trading.  Spot on with the style that i'm trying to master.  Just wanted to know which pair is your all time & current  favorite, & why?

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Gododdin (Hi DanUK),

Two vitally important things to consider with "Inside Bars" (also known as Harami's).

1. IF you trade an inside bar WITH the timeframe trend your odds are exponentially higher of a successful trade. Remember, reducing risk (risk management) and waiting for high probability set ups are the keys to success.

2. However If you choose to trade an "inside bar" against the trend you are officially "counter trend" trading and a higher risk trade as the overall primary trend will resume at some point and this counter trend trade will come to an end. It's not to say you won't snag some pips in the process but just make sure you're not greedy and take profits as price retraces back down into the overall trend.

NOTE: Some use the analogy that "Inside Bars" are referred to as "Mother Bars"...meaning the larger candle that preceeds an inside bar is the "Mother" candle and the "inside" bar is the child. When price takes out the high/low of the Mother candle, it's giving birth to the move. It's a natural way to discuss in essence what an inside bar truly is

127.2 Trade

This is a phenomenom known as the 127 trade and it's setup using Fib Extensions. When price breaks thru a previous swing high or low, there is a 70% success rate of price reaching the 127.2 Fib extension from where price broke structure. Go back thru your charts and watch just how accurate this set up is. You'll be pleasantly surprised and rewarded. ONCE I get my flying colors from Forex Factory (as today is my first post and am considerd a noob), I'll post a few charts.

DanUK, I too am a pure price action trader and use all of the same methodologies and timeframes that you do. I will enjoy contributing and sharing what I know as I'm am familiar with this style of trading.

Thanks all - Mongo

That’s quite alright. I welcome questions – this thread is designed to help and if things aren’t clear I have no problem discussing them.

Regards,

Dan[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Hi Sylar/DanUK...

If I could offer a suggestion for those who've NOT experienced a 1,000 pip winner (yet)...

After you take a trade (of course using good, sound principles that DanUK has thoroughly layed out)...SIT on your hands.

Next, come back and see if a), you're still in the trade or b) you've been stopped out. If you're still in the trade...SIT on your hands (again

Next come back and look at where price is at. IF price (for example; a short trade) has moved down, then retraced (putting in an "outside return" or Lower swing), simply move your stop down to Break Even.

As price makes a newer outside return, now move your stop from break even down atop the previous "outside retrun" or newest cycle swing. KEEP repeating until the market proves it wants to reverse and take you out.

This approach accomplishes (3) things;

1. Patience: You've entered a good trade, now let the market work for you, no need to be hasty and take a profit just because you're impatient.

2. With price and the market proving itself, your trade is a winner and by moving stops to BE+1, you create confidence and discipline as you follow your rules (whatever they may be) Why? because you are now in a RISK free trade and trades have 4 results; Win, Lose or Breakeven. Win and Breakeven are considered WINNERS!

3. By moving your stops down JUST above the outside returns (in this short trade example), you're locking in profits while making the market prove it wants to go higher and reverse.

This becomes a repeatable and disciplined way to trade and we all know we can use more discipline

Mongo

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
DanUK, I agree.

I have seen a nice ROUNDS indicator that draws horizontals @ Rounds and 1/2 rounds. I know Hector Deville has a nice one and am looking for one for my own MT4...anyone have one? very useful and automatic.

Mongo

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
DanUK - wow man, excellent haul.

ONE this I always look for when I think price action is looking tired or perhaps coming to an end (peak high or low) and that is a H&S pattern. HOW do you know? your RIGHT shoulder happened on June 28th as it happened to come off the low (Head) and then put in an outside return that was almost parallel with the Left shoulder, look left.

That is a great place to do a SAR and close out the short, and jump into a long. H&S's happen ALL the time and I look for them often.

EXCELLENT trade, well done.

Mongo

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Entropy...check out the H&S pattern:

Left shoulder (May 15th ish)

Head (June 7th ish)

Right Shoulder (June 28th ish)

Excellent low risk entry @ the low of Left Shoulder with stops below the head...would have been a tasty trade (long) ;-)

Mongo

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Hey there Gododdin...I'll give it a go.

Do you see where the market put in a BOTTOM (how do you know?), because price moved up off of and and then put in a retracement.

So how do we NOW know its a low? because price once it bounced off the bottom retraced only about 50% and did NOT take out the low...hence THAT bottom peak is the NEW swing low.

So WHERE does trend change? See where price put in it's low, then moved up, then retraced? as soon as price then took out that forst peak off the low or outside return (higher low), it proved that price wanted to go higher. From your diagram then, the other red lines where you're asking "here", are now resistance levels to watch out for.

Hope that helps

Mongo

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Great thread you have going here Dan! Keeping things nice & simple which is very refreshing, and easy to follow. I'm only half way through this thread and looking forward to reading your previous threads.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Nice to have you in this thread, Majormongo.  I'm sure you'll earn your stripes soon.  Looking forward to you breathing some new life into this thread.  Swings have been sluggish these past few months...looking forward to a better 2012.

NeoRio

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Good evening ladies and gents,

I just wanted to drop by and say Happy New Year to everyone and good luck for 2012!

I haven't been hanging out at FF much lately as it has been a tough year for trend trading and I have focused all my spare time on keeping my eye on the charts without any distractions!

I must admit to also having a bit of a crisis of conscience this year. I think 2011 can be remembered as the year that the balance sheet recession we face has really started to hit the man on the street (at least that seems to be the case in the UK and many parts of Europe). And in seeing this, particularly damaging to the most vulnerable in society, I began to wonder whether my aspirations to be a trader are morally acceptable - given that it was the financial services industry that was mostly responsible for the damage that's been done over the last twenty or thirty years. To be honest I have yet to conclude on this - but for the time being I felt it was silly to stop trading... as it wasn't the small fish like us that blew the system apart - it was the big sharks.

So 2012 looks to be another crazy year but I see some good trades setting up and will be taking part... I shall also endeavor to take part a little more in this thread too.

Thank you for all the kind posts and messages I have received - if I haven't responded to you it is only because of how late I am in reading the messages!

Best wishes,

Dan

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Nice to see you back dan I only use my own hard earend HONEST cash to trade with unlike the sharks have a happy conscience free year.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Nice thread. You can rest easy in the knowledge that the above is untrue.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Thanks.

Please explain.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Hey gang, here are (2) likely trades to keep on your radar. Both Daily "ratio" trade setups. How do I know? I don't but It's better to be predictive in ones analysis than in one's execution

I realize this is not a ratio room however price is price, patterns are patterns and harmonics are harmonics...guess what? they all work.

Here are my "predictive set ups"

Mongo

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Hi MJM

I agree with both trades however I dont think we can hit the usdcad kill zone as getting there will turn the chart bearish imo. 1.0050 is hard support.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
would like to go short around 50% fib retracement? attached picture

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Hi Dan, I think castlerock put it well in one sentence. We trade with our money and don't take risks with other peoples. The documentary inside job explains the crisis in great detail well worth the watch.

All the best for the new year to all the commanders troops

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Hey there Olu - not perfect but darn close...both of these are setting up to reverse IMO - check the updated charts.

AUDUSD - had a very nice reversal (shooting star/pinbar)...the most recent candle has not taken out it's HIGH...still valid. Very low risk trade entry right now!

USDCAD - same story...last 2 days proce action, very bulling hammer/pinbars, long wicks...sign of support with prices projected higher.

~ Mongo

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Hi,

Just discovered this thread and have spent the past 3 days reading all the posts.  Thanks so much Dan for all the time you've invested to help people learn from you.

I've been trading now for 3 years on demo and have finally gone live in 2012 with very strict money management.  So far, I'm struggling a little as I keep finding conflicting views the market and timeframes.

Reading through this thread has enabled me to put things into perspective and to look at the market in a logical way.  The main thing I believe I was missing is looking at the key S/R levels before placing a trade.

Dan, you mentioned that the daily timeframe at present is not giving you the right conditions and therefore you are looking at intraday trading.  How is it going for you?  Do you think the 4hr timeframe's offer good opportunities in the daily trend direction?

I've realised that intraday trading doesn't fit with my family commitments.

Hoping to see this thread come alive again in 2012.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
GemBug,

You'll find that MOST Professional traders use the Daily TF and on occasion the 4HR (which is my preferred TF) and YES, it gives you opportunity over many pairs.

The reason you are not finding MANY opps is due to all this Global EU/Greece/Doom n Gloom pandamonium...once all this GREECE garbage is behind us (announced TODAY), you'll see things ramp up.

Keep your powder dry until you see A+++ trade setups

MM

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Hi MM,

Thanks for your reply.  I expect from your response that you are trading in accordance with Dan's strategy but using the 4hr timeframe (with the daily as trend direction)?

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
I'm sorry to revive an old thread but I just want to thank Dan for this thread. It has been very enlightening for a newbie like me.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
How do you know that?

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
GOOD Stuff..................................

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Hi Dan

3 pic of EU (TF MN, W1 and D1), all in a down trend.

I have an open trade (2014-07-22):

Sell at 1.34631

SL 1.35220

TP 1.34000

Now it is +227

I'm a rookie and would like your comment on that trade. I mean, if you were in my shoes, what would you do, your plan?

Thanks alot!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Thread bump!

Nostalgic.

Perhaps worth a look again.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Waddah Attar Super Support Resistance.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/542819?d=1284418046
EMA_alert_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/554315?d=1286080897
GRaB Candles Long.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/554316?d=1286080923
GRaB Candles Range.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/554317?d=1286080923
GRaB Candles Short.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/554318?d=1286080949
raghead.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/554319?d=1286080949
Even Simpler2.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/555549?d=1286263423
