===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hi everyone,

When I released Roadmap ( https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...o-read-markets ), I was conscious that it was a strategy which required a fair amount of discretion/judgement.

I still receive many messages from people who are successfully trading using Roadmap, which is great. However, I wanted to also provide one of my other strategies for those who might prefer a more rules-based approach.

Welcome to Daylight.

This is a strategy with clear entry rules, various exit options and no non-standard indicators. I will walk you through how to set up your charts and will provide a template for those who want it.

But first, here's a look at a typical chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can tell from the chart above, we are using Williams %R but we are using it in a non-standard way. We are actually hiding the normal line and instead applying a Smoothed 8 period MA and a Smoothed 21 period MA to the data.

Additionally, on our main chart, we have a 5 period Smoothed MA and another 5 period Smoothed MA with a shift of 5.

And that's all you will need to get started.

Attached below is a template and in my next posts I will fully explain the strategy, with entry criteria and exit options. I've also attached a link to my Journal, which contains some posts you may find generally useful.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...just-a-journal

Attached File(s)   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Daylight.tpl

1 KB
|
4,513 downloads

EDIT 8/6/21 - TradingView script kindly created: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...9#post13580699

EDIT 8/6/21 - Aggressive Hourly Version: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post13574046

EDIT 9/6/21 - Dashboard/Scanner kindly created: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ight-dashboard

EDIT 9/6/21 - Aggressive Version - 15m Timeframe: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post13576116

EDIT 11/6/21 - Using -50 as Trend Filter (Standard Mode Only): https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13579942

EDIT 14/6/21 - Display arrows on chart when WPR crosses: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13582992

EDIT 15/6/21 - Standalone -50 Strategy: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...9#post13583849

EDIT 24/6/21 - MTF Dashboard Version: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13598352

EDIT 3/7/21 - ThinkOrSwim Indicators added: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post13610915

EDIT 3/7/21 - Fast Moving Average To Enter Trends: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13611262

EDIT 26/7/21 - Multi-Timeframe Analysis to Find Trades: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13634752

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Let's look again at the chart I posted previously, but this time with some entry arrows added.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We get a short entry signal when the following rules are met:

1. Red MA above Green MA on main chart and daylight exists between them.

2. Price closes below Green MA on main chart.

3. Red MA above Blue MA in sub-window and daylight exists between them.

Vice versa for long entry signals.

As you can see from the chart, we had two short winners and one long loser. Also notice the period leading up to the first entry. There was no daylight between the red and green MAs and very little daylight between the red and blue MAs. This is what attempts to keep us out of sideways markets.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the above chart we have 5 entries, with 1 loser, 3 winners and 1 trade in progress.

When it comes to exits, you have various options. You can either:

1. Exit when the red and blue MAs both start to slope in the opposite direction in the sub-window.

2. Exit when the red and green MAs cross again.

3. Exit when the red and blue MAs cross again.

4. Exit when you reach a set profit target (for example, a percentage of ADR or a multiple of ATR).

Each option has advantages and disadvantages so you should establish which suits your trading personality and risk profile. Some of you will prefer to let a trade breathe to catch the occasional big runner, others will prefer to extract smaller profits more regularly.

In terms of stop losses, I take the same approach with this strategy as I do with Roadmap. I do not believe in being taken out by a stop loss. Instead I look to exit manually when I am proven wrong. In this case, any of the exit criteria above could be used to be a sign of being proved wrong.

However, that's not to say we should trade without stops. I believe in emergency stops far away from price. They simply exist as a fall-back if something major happens or if I unexpectedly have to leave my screen for a period of time.

There is also the option of adding to a winner if you want to stack trades. This approach won't be for everyone so I won't go into too much detail now but essentially you are looking to add when you are a certain number of pips/points ahead with the aim of capitalising on a trend you have found yourself in.

I have deliberately posted 15 minute charts as I believe they should be the smallest timeframe you trade this strategy on. You are welcome to try lower timeframes but be warned that the noise will likely reduce your profitability. Higher timeframes should be fine however, if this suits you better.

*Edit* - Indices can be traded profitably on 5m timeframe.

I also deliberately chose the thickness of the lines for the sub-window MAs. This is important when you consider that daylight between thinner or thicker lines would be different.

I don't really trade Forex much these days as I prefer to trade indices, gold or oil. But if you are a Forex trader, you need to be aware of when news is due that could impact the pair you are trading. I would advise being flat before major news if at all possible.

So, there you have it.

That is Daylight.

I will try to post lots of live examples in this thread over the coming weeks but please do feel free to ask if you have any queries in the meantime.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Here's a trade I'm currently in.

The first two arrows are potential entry points if you were awake. The third arrow is my entry, which I took soon after I got to my trading desk.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Hi Laura,

A concise rule based method that is clearly explained.  Within the next 2 days or less one will ask for an EA, but I know you already expect that.

I wish you the best with your thread.   Thank you for sharing.     Best of trades to you.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Update on Gold.

Banked a small profit - not the most exciting outcome but unfortunately I have an appointment this morning and can't monitor the trade for much longer. More trades later.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Ah, a new strat from Laura, this will be exciting to follow

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Hello LauraT,

are you watching for Price action or do you only trade the signals with this strategy?

Thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Hi Laura

maybe this could be applied to daily bars for low timeframe traders like me?

thanks

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Very simple way of trading the trend.... well done LauraT. Will keep my eyes on this

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Hi,

It certainly can be used on the daily timeframe. It probably requires smaller size or quicker exits though, to account for the larger swings.

I've attached a couple of daily charts with examples:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the above Dow chart I've marked a couple of potential entry points but you could have entered almost anywhere in that up trend and profited well. Also notice how the dip resulted in a cross of the sub-window MAs but there wasn't any daylight between them. This stops you from taking a counter-trend short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On EURUSD I've marked a few potential entry points. Again though, you could in theory have entered in multiple places for multiple trades if you wished. Notice again how the dip resulted in the sub-window MAs converging but no daylight forming between them.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Closed a GU long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Dow long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Hi Laura

Want to thank you so much for providing this kind of black-and-white strategy. My brain works best with these kinds of rule-based approaches so I very much appreciate this!

Would you mind clarifying (for those of us using a different trading platform) what periods the different colour SMMA's relate to so I can set my chart up the same way on Tradingview? Also, there is no setting to offset/shift an SMMA on Tradingview. Is there an alternative indicator or period SMMA I can use?

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Hi,

For this strategy it's mainly about the signals. However, market structure could certainly influence when you decide to take profit or get out of a losing trade.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Hello Laura,

Thank you for another successful trading system (subscribed),your contribution has been amazing keep safe.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Hi,

The Williams %R is set to 14 and the SMMAs are 8 and 21.

That's a shame about not being able to shift the SMMA on TradingView. Try a 5 and 10 period SMMA instead. It won't replicate the shifted SMMA but it should still keep you on the right side most of the time.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Another Dow long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A good element of this strategy is that you can jump in and out of the same trend multiple times to bank profit.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
EJ short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I bent the rules slightly with this one as I entered while price was on the green line rather than waiting to see if it closed below.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
EU long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #20 ---
isn't there an offset on moving averages in trading view? My tradingìview has it...

sorry just checked...SMMA hasn't an offset...

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Thanks a million Laura for this simple and yet a very dynamic system.

You MUST have had in mind the interest of newbies in coming up with this strategy.

But please can it be used with the candlesticks? Can we have a template with a candlestick

if you wouldn't mind?

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Hi,

Glad you like it.

Once you load my template, just change from bars to candles and then re-save template.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

an entry short on eurusd (daily) could be attemptee

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Subscribed! Keep working!

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Gold long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Took a test drive with a first trade on EURJPY, had a small target as I was seeing some resistance to the left and this was my first attempt on this method. Got to TP pretty quickly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Also had an EJ long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Hi what was the basis for closing the deal ??

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Hey, for those on Tradingview dont worry, like the Roadmap I will have a fully working Daylight set later, also will post the Roadmap one as Ive been testing it properly, should be no later than tomorrow so stay tuned.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
yes, indeed interesting trading ideas. always an inspiration, laura;-)

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Wonderful! Just like that! Thank you so much. Never thought of that!

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Hi,

Price spiked up in my favour and I tend to bank profit when that happens, due to likelihood of retracement. With hindsight, it kept going and I could have got more out of it but I'm happy enough with what I banked.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
That'll be much appreciated, thank you. I'll add a link to the first post when it's ready.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Hi Laura! The settings of the ma's in the williams%, are the set to closed or previuos indicators data?  Thanks and have a nice evening!!

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Timeframes

Although I still prefer the 15m timeframe for most forex pairs, I do acknowledge that indices can easily be traded on the 5m timeframe. See below for today's action on 5m.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Because indices move much quicker than forex pairs (relatively speaking, most of the time), there is a risk that 15m can get you into moves a little late. I'll edit earlier post to reflect this new advice.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Hi,

Set both to First Indicator Data after you've dragged them onto the Williams %R sub-window.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Maybe this will be hateful...

--- 帖子 #38 ---
??

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Hey Laura,

Thanks for sharing this system. I love scalping =) Wanted to ask small question. So how much daylight do you want to see on williams? Sometimes there is almost no daylight for the best entries to take. Do you ever switch timeframe to 5 minutes? Or you are always stick to 15 minute time frame and not flipping timeframes for other confirmations?

Looks pretty good. Do you try to TP 1:2 risk reward as well? Or TP is more about you feeling of the trade and PA?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Where was your stop loss on this one? Or you trade with no stop loss?

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Hi,

In numerical terms, the difference between the 8 SMMA and 21 SMMA should be around 4 or more. That should allow just enough daylight to avoid lots of false signals and hopefully also allow you good entries.

The way the strategy is designed, it will usually miss the start of a trend. This is deliberate as we want a bit of confirmation that a direction change is happening before we enter.

For forex I prefer to stick to 15m+ but you can certainly try 5m and see how it goes. If you do, please let us know. In terms of multi-timeframe analysis, none is required. Best to take the signals based on the timeframe you are trading.

I don't subscribe to the Risk Reward model. A positive RR can result in a losing strategy in the same way as a negative RR can result in a winning strategy. What I view as more important is win rate, average win amount, average loss amount and profit factor.

In terms of how and where I take profit, it's based on various elements. Market structure, amount of profit relative to ADR etc etc. Every trade is unique in that respect.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
I had an emergency stop at 1.2130 but I would have closed the trade manually long before it got to that point if I felt I had been proved wrong.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Hi Laura

Just looking at this intriguing system and it seems at first glance that Williams R might show divergence plays.

I was wondering what your view on divergence is with this system as there are those that feel it increases probability and still others who feel that divergence is not worth using.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Hi,

I know traders who do very well by following divergence signals but personally I've never managed to make them work for me. That's not to say they don't work - it could just be how my brain is wired. If you were to use divergence, the 8SMMA would be the best line to take notice of.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Many thanks Laura. It seems to me that divergence signals might increase probability but they are always easier to see after the fact. Re 8SMMA yes that would make sense.

I am now wondering if you use this system in conjunction with Roadmap, to support your readings of price action with the indis - either way I guess there's no reason not to except perhaps too much info leading to confusion...

ps - it's just great how clear and candid your instruction and feedback is...

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Thanks for your kind words. I'm glad things make sense so far.

I wouldn't be inclined to use Roadmap and Daylight together. I guess there might be some hybrid approach that works fine but they are very different in terms of criteria and, as you say, it could lead to confusion due to information overload.

However, you could make use of key information from Roadmap to assist your decision making. For example, if an instrument is at ADR High, you would want to avoid taking long Daylight signals. Fortunately that's quite easy to do by adding the relevant Roadmap indicators to your chart.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
GJ long. Final trade of what's been a very good day. I hope anyone who has tried a Daylight trade or two has also been well rewarded.

I actually missed my exit on this due to being distracted but, luckily, price came back to a point I was happy to close at.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Hey Laura, too much daylight?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Going to test your system?, but I like to know, How do you choose the pairs  to trade?, you keep multiple windows open, waiting for action? or you use something else (scanner)?, I know that patience is a virtue , that I don't have at this moment, other chores keep me busy...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Well, it appears to me a scanner could be' eaaily implemented as for the entry setup.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
I wonder why the name daylight....

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Maybe cos there's Daylight between the MA;s!!

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Looks good to me, however I stand to be corrected by the boss lady.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
You mean....there is "space" between the ma's

--- 帖子 #55 ---
I made a silly mistake in my previous post, to avoid confusion I deleted it. This is the right one.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Hi,

In terms of setups they are fine. Sometimes price will be a bit too far from the green line to justify entering but that's not the case in those two examples.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
At the moment I find the setups manually. Perhaps in future a scanner can be developed.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Thank you for sharing this.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Daylight Tradingview Version:https://www.tradingview.com/script/p...pbfx-Daylight/ https://www.tradingview.com/script/v...fx-Williams-R/
Description:

This is the bundle of the indicators used by the amazing LauraT over at FF using her *new* method call Daylight Trading Strategy, just like her previous strategy, this one is even more minimalist and rule-based trend following / continuation of trend, more information on her forum thread.

FEATURES:

- 2 Smoothed Simple Moving Average applied to a default Williams %R data

- 2 Smoothed Simple Moving Average of 5-Period (1 been offset to 5 periods forward) where user uses price reaction at line crosses to make trading decisions

EXTRAS:

- 200-Period Simple Moving Average the pillar of this setup where dictates trend movement;

- 8-Period High/Low Channel EMA following the price close for fast changing in trade direction;

- 14-Period ADR High/Low with reactive lines that signals when price has exceeded the ADR limit;

- Previous Day High/Low levels which serves as Support/Resistance;

- Daily Open line plot on the chart where price sometimes try to go back to before changing direction;

- Trading Session Highlight, this is defaulted at London/New York sessions (can be edited) to make a better visual representation of when the best volatile hours are in play (this is not a calculation of volatility, is just the time of day based on market availability)

--- 帖子 #60 ---
This is fantastic. Thank you so much for your work. I will pop a link in the first post.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Testing out the Laura's combo see how they perform together (not as confluence just side-by-side)
Roadmap is 5m and Daylight(in-dark-mode) is 15m as recommended

--- 帖子 #62 ---
My EURGBP trade made me think about your GOLD trade. Is there some comparison?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

How would you exit these trades?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #63 ---
This exit checklist could be of use

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Thanks for sharing this strategy.

Looks easy and organized setup to follow.

Today so far i made 8 tests as per checklist and my result was: 7 Win, 1 Lose, total profit 224$. (I will test 1-2 weeks in Demo the strategy, if stats will be in Profit favor, then I'll apply it to my Live Account.

I only added an indicator to this strategy to make it better, i added Support/Resistance, and when i open a position i know which area has Support or Resistance to calculate my position.

Strategy looks promising, keep up your great job and thanks for sharing

Greetings,

Luciano

--- 帖子 #65 ---
You're probably very bussy. I put in a bunch of orders and there is probably some kind of reason why some of them work out better then others. I could change-up the checklists based on your remarks so that we all could benefit from it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

first attempt

--- 帖子 #67 ---
First of all, thank you so much for sharing your knowledge and expertise. Could you please be kind enough to clarify the following? The entry signal (marked by a vertical line on the chart) is at 14:00. Is it ok to enter at any of the retracement candles(marked by arrows) that followed? Given that, during the period the said retracement candles were formed, MAs do not cross, nor the MAs in the sub-window slope in the opposite direction)

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Apologies, wasn't at my desk for a few hours.

There are various things I consider when deciding whether to take an entry but these don't necessarily mean I avoid all the bad trades and take all the good ones  Sometimes the perfect setup will present itself and then will not work out. That's trading.

I'll go into more detail about this later but, for now, here are some initial ideas of things to be wary of:

1. Be careful when entering where price has already moved quite far from the green line. Chances are high for a retracement. Better to wait a little and enter on the retracement.

2. Be wary of entering when blue line is starting to slope down as this could easily turn into a reversal. Better to wait for the line to flatten out.

3. When the green and red lines have been intertwining for a while, with green on top then red then green etc etc, it's usually best to find a different opportunity.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Nice result!

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Hi,

Yes, perfectly fine to enter on those candles. In fact, it's often better to enter after a retracement (as long as other conditions still valid) as you will be getting in at a much better price.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Gold short on the Hourly.

Had to leave my desk for a while so wasn't watching while it went through significant drawdown. Thankfully it didn't hit my emergency stop and went in my favour. Green line stayed below red the whole time, as did blue line below red. Finally exited when price spiked in my direction.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Thank you so much for the clarification Laura

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Sure, no need to apologize. Us guys just like us-some checklists. So we could make it like this?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Yes - perfect.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Took a scalp on 1m Dow. I definitely wouldn't recommend doing this on forex, but could be fine on indices.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Based on daylight strategy advanced entry checklist:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hey Laura,

Is it so that either the sub-window lines or smma lines may briefly weave once and the other cleary bounces off? In other words the Smma’s shortly weave together and %R clearly bounces-off each other or vice versa. Could you say the lines shortly compress to each other and after they flatten-out you got an expansion, is that a fair statement?

Like most of these examples both bounces clearly of each other but it can also work when one of the two shortly weave together:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Hi,

Yes, compression and expansion is fair summary. The reason I often don't exit when the green and red lines cross is that the sub-window lines only converge/compress and don't fully cross.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Yes thanks, I can do something with that. Have a nice evening.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Aggressive Hourly Option

I was going to avoid mentioning this until later in the thread but I'm conscious that some people might want more aggressive entries. Here's an option for you.

I would advise you trade this style on the hourly charts only. I haven't tested it on other timeframes and I have a feeling it won't perform as well on them. Shorter will contain too much noise and longer will involve massive swings in capital.

We still use a 5 period smoothed moving average on the main chart but this time we have two of them. One is set to the High and the other is set to the Low. This creates a channel, which will be familiar to Roadmap traders.

In the sub-window, we change the smoothed moving averages to 5 and 13.

Let's look at some examples on a chart and I'll talk you through how to trade it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We first look for a signal bar on the main chart. A signal bar is one that either closes above (for longs) or below (for shorts) the channel. Starting from the left, our signal bar is marked with an arrow. However, we don't yet have daylight in the sub-window. We need to have that before we have an entry. That arrives two bars later and we can enter short. The trade progresses very well indeed.

Then we get an opposite signal when price closes above the channel. This time daylight exists in the sub-window and we can enter long immediately. Again, the trade progresses very well. Notice what happens later in the move though. The sub-window moving averages cross to the downside. However, there is no signal bar as price fails to close below the channel. If we are still in our long at this point, we can stay in.

Let's look at a messier example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a signal bar and, two bars later, we get our daylight so we can enter long. The trade doesn't work out and we exit either when the bar closes below the channel or on the next bar, when the sub-window averages cross. That bar also gives us a short entry as both signal and daylight are in place. The short initially progresses well but notice that a bar eventually closes above the channel. However, this does not have to be an exit signal. It can be if you prefer, but it doesn't have to be. Because the sub-window averages do not cross.

I hope this makes sense but, as always, please feel free to ask questions if you have any.

I've also attached a template for this alternative approach.

Attached File(s)   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Daylight_Alt.tpl

1 KB
|
1,469 downloads

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Greetings LauraT.....

This is the way I have been trading for the past 2 years now......

5 SSMA - high.

5 SSMA - low.

Timeframe - H1 or M30.

After the signal candle that break/close above/below the channels.....I normally wait for the next candle to close above/below the signal candle and this second candle must not touch the channel.....so my entry candle is the next candle....which is the third candle.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Read post 2.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
To paraphrase the old song, "tell Laura we love her".

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Hi fx rabbi,

what about the winning ratio?

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hey Morning all,

Could you see it like this?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #86 ---
This is a winning trading method......You can achieve above 85% winning rate if you can recognize speed (momentum/strength) at your entrance..... because this is a breakout trading method.....A breakout can occur when a specific price level is breached such as support and resistance levels, Price Channels, pivot points, etc......

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Maybe this works.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Take this as a clue......

The narrowness of the channel is my #scanner #screener #watchlist........when the channel is narrow.....this is telling us there's a strength/momentum in the market.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Please if you wouldn't mind, and if it is convenient for you, post some of your charts.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
No problem.......will start posting my charts here for our learning.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #91 ---
There is also a more aggressive approach traders can take using the original template. See chart for details:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you will notice that I anticipated a cross of the blue and red lines before it happened. This can get you in at some nice spots, but please be aware that it will also have a higher failure rate.

Ultimately we are constantly having to choose between 'safer' entries or 'value' entries. Both have their pros and cons.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
how do you act in this H1 GJ trade during your sleeping time?

do you have an assistent monitoring your trades?

--- 帖子 #93 ---
An assistant would be great

But no, I simply tighten my emergency stop while sleeping.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Another clue about the strength of the market is the slope of the Channel.....the more the steep....the better for the trend....... something like 2pm/4pm clock face.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Apparently some wanted a tool to help monitor the different pairs & hunt for setups.

I have shared a dashboard that enables to be alerted on bullish / bearish conditions.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13574833

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I've been testing it since yesterday, seems to be working fine, you then just have to choose your setups & manage them

--- 帖子 #97 ---
I have updated the codes for both Indicators adding the 1H setup description below:https://www.tradingview.com/script/p...pbfx-Daylight/ https://www.tradingview.com/script/v...fx-Williams-R/
Description: Added the Agressive Hourly Option published by LauraT
- This is a 1H chart setup, it has only been tested on this timeframe!
- Toggle "Show 1H Setup" on Settings to apply values on both Indicators (Daylight/Williams %R)

Note: If you can't see the changes on the indicator when you open your chart remove them and add it again to refresh to new version.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
It felt only logical to do this as well for the (first) strategy.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Another combined example of Roadmap/Daylight(1H). Still running many backtests before pushing to full trading live, this was live though.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
These checklists are so brilliant! Thanks for sharing these!

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Thank you for sharing these! They've been so helpful to me, and I'm sure for others too!

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Looking forward to your charts too. Big kudos to LauraT for sharing her work and experience.

I'm just focused on NQ atm, UK based and usually around to monitor any pre-market momentum - i like your entry and used it just now, long.

I tend to only trade in the direction of the 200EMA (5min usually) and ideally away from a pivot zone.

Edit1: 12:16 UK - locked in 8 points just below the 50 'psych' level. If hit will still be a decent scalp profit and will then wait until market open for the next opportunity.

Edit2: 12:32 UK - stopped out.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Just an example, I don't know how this is going to work out to be honest.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Thank you so much Barraka and pedrobhs for the tools you have created/updated. They will be really appreciated.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
I missed it unfortunately, but hopefully some of you caught this nice drop on GU.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Here's a long I took on a much higher timeframe (H4).

Wanted to highlight this trade as it demonstrates another way to play the strategy. Instead of entering as soon as I had daylight, I waited for a retracement back to the green line.

With this approach, the risk will always be that it reverses and the opportunity is gone. But the upside is that you will get in at a 'better' price and, if it does reverse, your loss will be smaller.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #107 ---
i took the shorttrade before for a -23 pips loss;-)

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Ouch. I'm sorry.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
no, no, no...why sorry? i am responsible trader since 30 years for myself;-)

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Why do you call this aggressive option? It seems 1 hour is much slower and better than doing it on 15mins TF.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Because the averages are shorter in the sub-window, you get quicker entries than the main strategy allows.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Hi Laura, what if the opposite occurs where the price hasn't closed above/below the channel but the blue-red lines have crossed?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Hi,

That can also be a valid entry. Probably quite rare but will result in getting in at a potentially very good price.

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Sounds interesting, could you share a few screenshots of some setups?

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Last trade for today. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Nice trade.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Chose GBPAUD and GBPJPY instead.....

I took 20 pips on the GBPAUD and re shorted it ..... still in this trade @ +22 currently

GBPJPY was +27

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Slow mover!!  but 10 pips is 10 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Lone loser on the day...let this one go to far!!

-22 on the USDJPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Closed 2nd GBPAUD trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #121 ---
How many pipa did you today?

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Aggressive Version on 15m Timeframe

Someone has mentioned to me that the aggressive hourly approach actually worked well on M15 this week. As I've said before, I've only tested it on hourly charts so please do your own research. Here's a selection of 15m charts from today with an idea of where entries would be.

If anyone does decide to try it on 15m, please let us know how it goes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Hi guys is it possible to set the indicators on mobile mt4 platform? Can anyone help me setting them?

thanks

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Hi Laura, Thanks for sharing the strategy & charts/analysis, very much appreciated.

Regards, Paul.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Gold - standard approach - hourly timeframe.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #126 ---
some gold

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #127 ---
NZDCHF - Aggressive h1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURGBP
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURAUD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Laura Laura...  Thanks for this. I like the aggressive entry....the slightly longer timeframe helps me.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
i like it dark;-)

+60 with GU

--- 帖子 #129 ---
..a wonderful (100 point) NQ hourly long

Thank you, LauraT!

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Would be nice if someone would code a notification indicator when the setups are valid, maybe even code in an arrow, this would help a lot to back test it and help us that dont have whole day to look at the charts.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Great to see some winning trades - congratulations folks!

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I haven't been able to trade today but just reviewing the action and here's a selection of 15m opportunities with the standard approach:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Shame I missed the action on Dow today. 5m timeframe with aggressive option was very profitable.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Dashboard is done already with notifications

I'm sure if you want to do your own notification system that Laura would be fine with it.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Just to say thanks! Laura

I will share my charts to enhanced this post.

Regards

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Thanks for this fx template. Testing it.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Any Tradingview users here may wish to try the SuperTrend indicator

It gives virtually the identical signals

without the rules, and subjective daylight issues

and eliminates reading of multiple indicators

example of a chart from Post #2

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Not quite.

See chart below. SuperTrend (using the TradingView settings) would have got you in late twice, at worse prices.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #140 ---
many trades this morning with G and E pairs, all good for +150 pips...of course still testing with 0.01;-)

the best here was GA:

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Gold short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #142 ---
GU short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Me 2, taken out TP on the spike down

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Laura, how about on the 1 hour for that trade?

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Maybe a little early (you are anticipating daylight rather than waiting until there is some) and you can expect a retracement based on how far from green line price is. But overall fine if you are patient with your exit.

Here's the hourly in aggressive mode:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What about adding MFI (15)? It could be a good extra indi in order to confirm the trade

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TP missed by one pip... then scared to keep it...

But OK weekend now...

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Hi Laura! Nice to see you))

todays trades

--- 帖子 #149 ---
hi LauraT, is it possible that you put the indicators in the forum, if I take the William Indicator in MT5, then it looks different with me. thanks Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #150 ---
I don't think anything extra is needed, but feel free to add whatever you are comfortable using.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Hi!

Nice results - well done.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
another +200 on the NY session round.

here +35 with EA on the upside for example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i think i like it;-)

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Thanks Laura for the wonderful strategy.

I follow your strategy with indies on 1H as you explained, but I enter the trade little differently for the sniper entry.

For Short trades, I wait for price to cross and close below the channel and , lower indicator window Blue goes below the red/Day light On.

Now I switch to 5M window and wait for a reversal to the channel, then look for lower High and Lower low with in past 5-6 candles and set a Sell Stop trade at Lower Low level.

TP at next Support level and SL at Lower high.

I have posted the screen shot of my re-entry Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #154 ---
I'm continuing to monitor the aggressive mode on shorter timeframes.

Here is today's Dow chart on the 5m timeframe. Potential for around 300 points profit between the 4 signals.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #155 ---
UC long - standard mode - 5m.

Something to note here - when a strong trend is persisting, the red moving average in the sub-window will stay on one side of the Williams % -50 line.

For those who want to be extra cautious and only enter on the side of the prevailing trend, this could be an additional filter. It will mean less entries (or later entries in some cases) but will help you avoid fighting a strong trend.

Notice how both short signals failed as the up trend was strong.

Edit - This refers to standard mode only. It will not be a reliable filter in aggressive mode due to the shorter MA.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #156 ---
can someone please give me an answer to the indicator where i can find it. thanks

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Lauraaaa. This makes me happy for the first in a long while. So simple so clean. My biggest issues were finding good exits. This has greatly helped. Next stop CONSISTENCY!

Cant wait for next week!!(The white box...just shows the hours i trade. It I try not to take trades outside that window.....if i happen to, way reduced risk, cuz sometimes we have a itch ...only a trade in the market can scratch)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Please read post 1

Actually....read all of them!! It will be for your benefit

Good Luck!

--- 帖子 #159 ---
I did that, but I can't open the file, can someone please insert the indicators one by one. thanks

--- 帖子 #160 ---
UC from the 15M in MY Mode

I love to see the longer term get "stuck" on one side or the other

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Really great simple system Laura!

Also, what kind of RRR are you guys going in with or are just focusing on a handful of pips profit without a SL?

--- 帖子 #162 ---
the sentence I understand "Additionally, on our main chart, we have a 5 period Smoothed MA and another 5 period Smoothed MA with a shift of 5."

but how do I get the Williams Indicator you showed, for me it looks like this and I can't insert MA or SMMA there. I have read through everything but this is not explained anywhere. Can someone please explain it to me, even if I am annoying.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Laura, thanks for the work and contribution. Here are a couple of things helpful to me. Note that the Crossover alert is only for the main window. Arrows in the lower window were added by hand.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   MQLTA MT4 Moving Average Crossover Alert.ex4

27 KB
|
527 downloads
Attached File(s)   MA Cross for Daylight.zip

< 1 KB
|
609 downloads

--- 帖子 #164 ---
First, add a 14 period Williams %R and set the colour to 'none' (we want to hide that line).

Next, drag a Moving Average onto the Williams %R window and set to Smoothed 21 coloured red with a line thickness of the 3rd option and set 'applied to' as First Indicator Data.

Finally, drag another Moving Average onto the Williams %R window and set to Smoothed 8 coloured blue with a line thickness of the 3rd option and set 'applied to' as First Indicator Data.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Today"s trades:

The entance was delay because I was waiting for the momentum to be strong...........Entry was supposed to be two candles back for both trades.

Happy trading/weekend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Did you by any chance study Raghee Horner's 34EMA system in the past?

Way back when I was starting to design strategies, she was someone I looked up to and I 'borrowed' the channel idea from her but changed the periods to suit my needs. Now most of my strategies include a channel.

Your entries (waiting for strong momentum or for the the channel to slope around 4pm on a clock-face) brings back fond memories of Raghee.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hi LauraT
You got lot of interesting ideas and You think outside the box I quite like about that.
I did not read your Roadmap - A Way To Read Markets thread but I do complete your Just A Journal Thread. I like your knowledge sharing.

Best of luck with your Daylight Trading Strategy. I hope some of the members will see light in their trading. I am sure, Members like you if active in ff lot of members will see Daylight in their trading career.

BTW Your name selections is awesome.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Hi,

Thanks very much for your kind words and good wishes. I am glad you enjoyed the journal.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Thank you.

Others might take an approach based on RRR but I don't believe it is optimal. I'll explain.

If I offered you a strategy where you were risking 20 pips to win 5 you wouldn't want it based on RRR. But RRR by itself is meaningless. That same strategy that many would instantly turn down has a win rate of 97%. Suddenly the RRR doesn't seem so bad, right?

Personally, I track the following stats:

1. Win rate.

2. Average Loss (in monetary terms).

3. Average Win (in monetary terms).

4. Profit Factor (Total monetary gain divided by total monetary loss).

Apologies if any of this is me stating the obvious, but I see a lot of focus on RRR at the expense of more meaningful statistics so perhaps this will help someone.

In terms of your specific question though (about taking profit), I find market conditions these days to be more amenable for taking small and regular profits rather than going for big runners. One approach you might find helpful is to aim for a percentage of Average Daily Range. So, if ADR is 100, you might decide to take profits in chunks of 20 pips. And, if there happens to be a strong continuous trend where it goes 100 pips in one direction, there is nothing stopping you from jumping in and out of that trend, banking 20 pips 3 or 4 times.

Here's a EURUSD chart that shows what has happened to volatility since last summer:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It is almost half of what it was. So we adapt to market conditions and take smaller chunks of profit more regularly. Or, alternatively, we target 10 pips instead of 20 and double our size.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Didn't know her.....but I know a lot of traders that uses the 34EMA channel system.

Many thanks for your contribution here.

Happy weekend

--- 帖子 #171 ---
@LauraT, thank you very much for the explanation, now I understand, I thought I needed a different indicator.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
helene1, all the indicators are in the template... daylight.tmp----- that Laura uploaded in the post #1, here https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ading-strategy

Download that file {template) to a place where you can find it later...

Open Metatrader

Go to FILE --->>>NEW chart [any or favorite]

Now go to the "template" tab, looks like a little window, click the little arrow at the right, click "load template, and go to the folder or place where you saved the daylight template from post #1, click it and presto.. you got the full system in you terminal.

Note.. the Williams Indicator HAS NOT any adjustable parameter, I mean first indicator data, etc, install it, just choose period 14, color NONE, and then go to the navigator [indicators], looks like a yellow star, click it, and at the top, under trend,  choose moving average, click it and at the same time hold the mouse button down, drag it to the window where the Williams are, release the mouse button and now you can choose in-->> APPLY to....FIRST Indicator DATA [the WPR was first, right?], the parameters, [21 or 8 or...] now drag the second moving average, input parameters {only if you aren't using the template, and thats it

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #173 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post13574046

I think you can download the template from the link above

And just apply to your chart.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
thank you MyProfit and Laudable222, after the explanation from LauraT I managed it and everything fits

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Whether you're using the standard version or aggressive version, and regardless of which timeframe you are trading, I want to take a moment to highlight the importance of daylight existing in the sub-window.

During any move, there will be 'shake-outs' - counter moves designed to shake market participants (who have chosen the direction correctly) out of their positions. Daylight won't be able to eradicate those shake-outs completely, but it certainly can help.

Below I've marked up some charts where participants would possibly have been shaken out of positions. Notice how there was no daylight in the sub-window. Waiting for daylight would have kept you on the correct side.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Since we had problems with Roadmap indicators on TV Im uploading Daylight again as well with new links making the original post unusable.

Ok updating previous post to anyone looking for the links to Tradingview indicators find below:

https://uk.tradingview.com/script/GS...pbfx-Daylight/
https://uk.tradingview.com/script/Bf...fx-Williams-R/

Let me know if encounter any problem. Green pips to all!

--- 帖子 #177 ---
yes the thickness of the MAs makes sense.

its really creative how you take care about these little details...and details are what makes trading so fascinating and separates the wheat from the chaff.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Appreciate the extensive answer, thanks again!

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Many thanks Laura, I am following this thread with great interest.

Have a nice weekend!!

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Thank you. I'll update the first post.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Hi Laura .

I admire your work, how long have you been using this strategy ?

Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Thank you. Yes, the thickness of the MAs is very important.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Hi,

Thank you.

This strategy is one I actually used years ago with good results but I moved on to design something else once I got attracted to shorter timescale trading (I originally only used Daylight on 15m timeframe).

Recently I decided to dig it out and check if it still works. As we know, market conditions change and what worked once might not work now. Thankfully, it still performed well.

Since I've been able to take a look at it with fresh eyes (and more experience under my belt) I have seen the potential for slightly different approaches. Hence the aggressive version. The basic framework is such that it's quite straightforward to make small amendments and provide traders with more than one option.

I will continue my research, using different timescales etc, but so far I'm comfortable that both the original version and the aggressive version are suitable for a few timescales.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
I want to use yesterday's action on GU to highlight why shorter timeframes can be tricky. I know a lot of people are drawn to 1m or 5m charts but hopefully these examples will show why it's sometimes optimal to stick to 15m at lowest.

Let's first look at the 15m charts for both standard and aggressive modes:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, it wouldn't have mattered whether you chose standard or aggressive as both would have rewarded you with around 40 pips profit during the London session.

Now let's look at the same period of time on 5m charts, both standard and aggressive:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Much trickier, right?

I completely understand the desire to trade short timeframes and, for certain faster moving instruments, it can be lucrative. But, for the majority of currencies, I find that Daylight generally performs best when using 15m at lowest.

That's not to say 5m doesn't occasionally have its place with currencies though. Some days the trends and reversals will be such that 5m captures the moves perfectly. But other days it will drag you in and out of positions that result in frustrating small wins or losses.

The thing to keep in mind about Daylight is that it thrives during trends. An instrument will generally display trending behaviour on at least one timeframe. The key is finding that timeframe and trading it.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Thank you Laura for your outstanding contribution and ideas.

I have further developed the use of Wlliams% MA. Have backtested some pairs, with promising results.  Also, demo traded with great success.

Pay close attention to the picture i have made. Study all details especially how Williams % top and bottom for swing high and low. Manualy make a line top and bottom for the average of Williams%. This is your swing high and low.

Trade only in the trend direction (Black Line) Yellow line is very important and is used in multiple ways. StochRSI is the trigger and must meet in line with Yellow line. Converge in the trend direction, Bump the same as pullback.

Back test your self before using this strategy, and watch the behaviour of yellow line ( Williams%)  Study every scenario. And remember every pair is different.

Price action and liquidity is giving you the clues. The strategy is the confirmation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Thank you.

Very promising results!

However, I'm conscious it's actually very different to the settings set out in this thread. If you want to start a thread with your settings, I'll certainly follow along with interest.

Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Meanwhile, trading Dow on 5m in aggressive mode would have delivered handsome rewards yesterday.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hi. I hate stealing others ideas and have no intention in making a new thread. But you should seriously dig in the details. I won't comment further of my strategy.

:-)

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Laura don't you find M5 too noisy with many false signals?

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Depends on the instrument (and to some degree current market conditions).

For example, I'd recommend not trading currencies on anything lower than 15m most of the time. However, there are times when a 5m currency chart will offer advantages in terms of speed of signals. In heavily trending days especially. But yes, overall, 5m will mostly lead to frustration.

When it comes to trading indices, oil or gold though, 5m can work pretty well.

Often it's best to look at what came before. I usually start with a 15m chart and work from there. I look at the last day or so of price action and make a judgement on whether I can trade that type of action if it repeats. I guess with experience you learn whether to go up or down a timeframe.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
She gave you the best advice money can't buy and you should have very utmost respect for her thread,all that has been combined into a trading system and the choice of indicators,she deserves an achievement award in this field of education from FF.I always read everything here but comment on very few posts,because her explanations are extremely so clear,very rare I will have ever questions any of her charts. One simple thing to do is just follow,practice,practice,practice.Keep up your good work Laura.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
GBPUSD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Your chart reminds me of a point I haven't made yet.

There will be times in aggressive mode, as in your highlighted area, where daylight occurs before we get price closing on the correct side of the channel.

It's perfectly fine to take a chance on entering before the bar closes if it seems fairly obvious the bar is going to close on the correct side. In your example, we got the huge bar up on the hourly. Had we taken a chance and entered 15 minutes before the bar closed, we would have got in at 8 pips lower than waiting for the hourly bar to close. 8 pips won't seem like much of a payoff for taking a chance early but over the course of a week or month of trading it will add up to something worthwhile.

To be clear though, I'm only referring to cases where it seems fairly obvious the bar is going to close on the correct side of the channel. I definitely don't advise gambling on a marginal bar that could still close either side.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
I've been pretty impressed with the Aggressive version of the Daylight strategy this past week so I modified an existing indicator to generate an arrow the first time a candle closes above, or below, the

5 SMMA high/low channel and I want to share it with you all. It should work on any timeframe, any currency pair. Attached File(s)   Price_Crosses_5SMMA_High_Low.mq4

2 KB
|
662 downloads
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Just want to say looks like a promising system and thanks to LauraT!  I have one question though and I apologize if already discussed.  Do you recommend entering on the first candle close outside of the bands or ma's?  OR are you guys waiting for a candle close then another entire candle to open and close outside of the band/ ma before entering?

--- 帖子 #196 ---
1st

--- 帖子 #197 ---
thanks!

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Hello, thank U for Ur effort.

Is there any chance to have an alert ?

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Have you read the thread??

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Read the thread?  What is this sorcery?

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Thank you for sharing the modified indicator. I also appreciate you sharing the source code as this should allow someone to add functionality for only getting signals when the sub-window MAs are properly aligned.

So, for any coders out there, please feel free to make the necessary adjustments. It'll be much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Nice Job

--- 帖子 #203 ---
The chart is from the close on Friday-

Laura, I am curious to know how many different instruments you follow when using this system - do you follow just a few forex pairs or are you constantly switching between all the different time frames & pairs to find a setup? How is your screen setup? I realize everybody will have a different style or format, I'm just curious about what works for you.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Hello can you please create a custom indicator for the William% + MA shown in the picture above? one i can just drop on the chart and it loads the MA and William% automatically, instead of having to drag the mAs ontop of the william% window.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #205 ---
I'm old school - I prefer having my core charts open (around 8 or 9 instruments) and periodically flicking between them. It's how I learned to spot opportunities so it feels more comfortable to me than any other method.

However, we also now have the advantage of the dashboard/scanner that Barraka made for us. If I spot an opportunity on there, I tend to open the chart and decide whether it's worth trading.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
I supplied a template on the first post. You shouldn't need to drag MAs if you apply the template (then you can manually add the custom indicator as well if you like).

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Great explanation,maybe a weird looking GBPUSD I submitted :-).

I can see the very first look at the chart after Friday had concluded is that the EMAs sub-window filter is excellent.I would not take any see positions there,not even aggressive,that are days that price action combined with that fake spike protected the trade so well,I like the channel very much using H1 and possibly M15,what a great system that helps you with unwanted draw-down....thank you again,keep safe and happy trading week to you and all daylight trading crew.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Because this is an old strategy of mine that I've brought back to life, I'm able to look at it with fresh eyes so I'm sure there will be further ideas and insights in future. I'm currently testing standard mode on 4H timeframe with some amazing back-test results.

Have a good week ahead.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
I previously mentioned using the -50 WPR line to form a bias. Here are a couple of examples from the 4H timeframe (a timeframe I'm finding remarkably lucrative in tests).

Oil first:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We get in when there is both daylight and the 21 SMMA is above the -50 line. We get out when there is negative daylight, for a total profit of 380 points.

Dow next:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We get in when there is both daylight and the 21 SMMA is above the -50 line. If we get out when there is negative daylight, we bank a profit of 613 points. The peak profit was actually over 1000 points if you had exited by some other means.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
& a push notification would be a great help if possible.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
In your post above it seems you mean exit when there is negative DL on the Williams, or do you mean on the chart or either?

Gold H4 current chart below shows unsurprisingly that the losses come when the trend breaks down into consolidation where the 21 SMMA is still above the 50 line. A more Roadmap style of looking at price action in this example might work better than just relying on the indis? I'm guessing you wouldn't trade into nearby S&R even when using this system?

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Yes, negative daylight on WPR is correct.

What i'm finding with most instruments is that the winners more than make up for the losers, even when you fail to take into account 'obvious' red flags like key resistance etc. But you are right, if we can steer away from consolidation phases (once we realise we are in one!), we can increase our odds.

Here's GU from 6th January 2020 to 1st June 2021, with size of 1 lot per entry on a 10k account:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is based upon nothing very clever. It's simply having a core trading time for entries (1am to 4pm UK time) and exiting when an opposite signal appears.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
That is interesting, thanks Laura.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Hi..

Anybody here who is able to code an williams% ssma cross alarm, i would be very thankful.

Cheers Kirk

Ps. I will make a new Thread when i have made a complete strategy plan. A lot of details since it can be used in multiple ways. Thanks again Laura for leading the path.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
SO GOOD....!

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Inserted Code Hi..
Anybody here who is able to code an williams% ssma cross alarm, i would be very thankful.

Cheers Kirk

Ps. I will make a new Thread when i have made a complete strategy plan. A lot of details since it can be used in multiple ways. Thanks again Laura for leading the path

I can't message you, keep us informed, indi.. many at publicistdotcom

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Just bear in mind you could get nine losers in a row like Laura shows in Post 214 above. Thus money management is always key.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Agree, the 4 hour is a great time frame, but can small accounts can handle the drawdown on swings?

Otherwise, use it as a guide for direction, day trade on the 15 Minutes chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Great trading ideas..........

It's has if we're sharing trading desk together....I also have 10 pairs on my #Watchlist #Scanner #Screener.....I don't look outside this...... it's called trading discipline.

Happy trading week ahead

--- 帖子 #220 ---
That's a fair point. It certainly won't suit everyone's trading style or account size.

You're absolutely right. It can prove to be a great way of trading with a bias, even if the trading is done on shorter timeframes.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Hi.

I don't think any has invented an alarm for williams%. It just a tool i want so i don't haft to sit in front of the screen and wait for the setup.

I will make a new Thread when i have all details written. I can almost certainly promise, that you will be very surprised how much a win rate you will get with this strategy.

No one has ever made a strategy based on indicators with a win rate of 90%. It sounds like a metaphor i know, but Laura came up with this williams%, and the way it can be used is groundbreaking.

When i am ready with the Thread, i will let you know here so you don´t miss it.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Really??  email me

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Excellent work Laura!.

You have done it again

First trade, NAS100.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Supported by H4 and the -50 WPR (additional filters)

Trade well.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Thank you.

Don't be surprised if there is a bit of a retrace before it moves up some more. Price has strayed quite far from green line.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Just curious if that's a live account?

Which broker and is it traded as CFD?

Size allowed?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Yes Erebus, live account, located and regulated in my neck of the woods!.
https://blackbullmarkets.com/en/

Yes traded as a CFD.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Minimum Lot size = 1 Mini.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Trade#2 - - USDJPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trade well.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Okay, thanks, thought so, but why do you call it "mini"

CFD's start at 1 and go up, there are no decimal sizes, anyway

Good luck trading that market first thing Monday open, not for me

Here is IC Markets Specs, probably similar

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Or maybe it's like 8CAP broker, they do from 0.10

That daylight caused by gap and open went up, done nothing since

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Got it, I updated my post at the same time

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nice gentle start to the week!

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Excellent trade! Can you please share your indicators and template please? Thanks in advance.

- Raza

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Attached File(s)   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Daylight_Alt.tpl

174 KB
|
478 downloads
Attached File(s)   Infoboard.ex4

63 KB
|
507 downloads
Attached File(s)   RoadMap Trend Band_Indices_SubWindow.ex4

18 KB
|
548 downloads
Attached File(s)   Symbol_Changer_PLUS.ex4

184 KB
|
499 downloads

Here you go, the rest you will find in Laura's other thread, roadmap!

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Good morning Daylighters - here's to a profitable week!

For those who are just reading the thread and haven't said anything, feel free to say hi and let me know how you are progressing if you are trying out one of the strategies. The more the merrier.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Starting from this week with this week.

NAS100 live

SPX500,US30 AND US2000 in sim.

1 and 5 min TF.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Welcome.

I think you might find 1m too choppy, even in indices, but please let me know how it goes.

Good luck and feel free to ask if any queries.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Here you are...

screenshot of the part of my Journal called flying wit Laura T

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Nice to see all that green!

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Am starting to trade today and following your strategies, make some profit already. But Am still not find out what will be the best way to exit from the trade, specially in a positive trade. And one more thing, what will be the best time frame for gold? I am watching in 15,5 and 1m, still could not find out what will work best.

Gold in 5 minutes time frame is doing on, lets see what happen

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Welcome.

Glad to hear you have made some profit already, well done.

I am trading gold in aggressive mode on 15m. I've marked an arrow when it became a sell and nothing has changed since. Note how the red line in bottom window is staying below -50.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In terms of exits, especially when in profit, it really depends on your risk profile. At the start of the thread I listed 4 potential exit options. Another idea could be to be cautious and protect your profits by exiting on the 1m when the red line crossed above -50.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Unfortunately there is no single answer. Each trade will have different market conditions and I'd manage them slightly differently. But feel free to post your trades and I can offer some opinions.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
EU long. Standard mode - 15m.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Thanks for the quick response. I like the aggressive strategy as well, so I will trade only with this mode. Regarding the time frame, what do you think of 5m in Gold? Is it too choppy too? Yes, I know you like 15 mins, I am just asking your opinion on that..

Thanks again for sharing a very nice and easy to understand trading strategy.. @LauraT

--- 帖子 #243 ---
What do you think of this guys? Will you enter it now?

--- 帖子 #244 ---
It really depends what your aims are in terms of how long you want to be in a trade and what sort of profit you are looking for.

One thing to be wary about on the 5m - shake-out attempts like I've marked on the chart below will come along now and again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #245 ---
what is the daylight?

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

shaded area is daylight, I think

--- 帖子 #247 ---
I just take this trade, I think I am following the rules

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Good Morning Traders ---- GBPUSD Trade - UK BOE Governor Andrew Bailey Speaks at 16:00 (GMT+3),I have to watch this event

Bank holiday in Australia & China today

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #249 ---
USDX is falling,be careful

--- 帖子 #250 ---
JUst quick look on higher TF, H1 in this case...

I like to look for trades with accordance with bias from higher TF ;
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Hi LauraT great thread. I was trading indices on a similar strategy on 1 min charts before you started this thread and have adapted  my trading slightly because of your strategy. I have one problem, which is I cannot get the dashboard to work. I have set the indicator to 'from list' and added the indices but only the MAs work, not the %R. Have you or anyone else on the thread had this problem, or does the dashboard not work with indices?

Otherwise great stuff,

Regards, Baz

--- 帖子 #252 ---
GU long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is a trade that is slightly different to what I've posted so far. I wanted to fade weakness in the hope that the trend would re-assert itself. The red MA in the sub-window was staying above -50 and I took my bias from that. I waited until price was in the middle of the channel and the blue MA in the sub-window dipped below the red MA.

Taking this approach can help ensure you get in at a better price than taking the entry as soon as you get a buy signal.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
No daylight seen on your sub-window,earlier entry you took it seems.So far we are seeing a spike above the channel but yet the blue 5 EMA is below the 13,that's good for selling thus far.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Hi,

Thank you.

I haven't heard of anyone having problems with the dashboard but I've let the creator know and he'll be in touch.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
wow,really nice,got a wonderful discounted price there Laura. XAU/USD illustrated similar behaviour on its drop since asian session began.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
There's always a risk that you'll get stuck with a reversal when doing that but I do hate paying more expensive prices than I have to

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Start at page one.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That's right.....even when shopping ,I say,give me a better price.I'll buy more

I now post a trade with calculated risk on XAUUSD,closing off some positions at TP and leaving the latter to run,if possible

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Dow short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Waited for price to get inside the channel before selling. Held on through the 'buy signal' as red MA was still below -50.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
GBPUSD - Re-Entry

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Hi Laura . . .thanks for sharing the strategies - appreciated . . I think I like those with clear rules! : )  I've made a couple of trades - 50/50 win/loss so far but in front otherwise.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Laura,

On Friday there was a sell signal on the 1hr timeframe for GU - Today it appears we have a sell signal using the 4hr timeframe. GU has been rangebound since the middle of May - I was thinking we might break to the downside but the 15 minute is showing a buy - what to do?? How to avoid the whipsaw?

--- 帖子 #263 ---
When there isn't a clear picture, it's best to move on to another instrument and a better opportunity.

You could trade it on the shorter timeframes but there are likely easier pickings out there.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Agree.

As per original rules I prefer the aggressive for H1 but non aggressive is less jumpy on lower TFs.

But your extra filter of using the red line on the Williams / -50 puts a whole different complexion on it. I think the issue with that might be where you have fairly rapid swings you will lose too much of the move while you wait for the red line to cross. Hence your comment about market conditions.

I think this is where Roadmap is such a good system for learning fundamentals of PA and interpreting market. I'm grateful you released Roadmap first, as daylight is more like instant gratification lol.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Yes - the -50 filter is certainly best used when a trend is already established.

Haha, I like that description of Daylight - the instant gratification baby brother of Roadmap

--- 帖子 #266 ---
I use the -50 W% as filter too. Below -50 for short entries. Above -50 for long.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
AUDJPY long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not a great entry. Stayed in due to red MA staying above -50.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
I cannot use %R thingies because I have to use tradestation ( WEB Based) on my iMac - don't like parallels etc) but I am trying Williams %R looking for trades over the fifty line-or below that coincide with Roadmap channel ( 8 ma's) breaks.

Looks like you still have to be aware of flat trend lines ( drifting consolidation) - so looking left is still an essential skill. So I should not be in this thread then boss

( Ignore the greens lines)

--- 帖子 #269 ---
If you have an iPhone then you can set it up so it is identical to Laura's template, using MT4 mobile. Just in case that might help.

Agree I think the lessons Roadmap taught us help us with the discretionary elements in determining market condition, as you say.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Quick 45 point scalp on Dow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Thank you LauraT for another useful tool. Here is a short I took earlier on the Dow. I held on through a bit of a pull back due to the weekend gap that I thought would get filled.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Hi Laura, in the sub window, I observed three parameters: 0, 50 and 100. In the tpl you gave us,

I have only 0 and 100. Please how do I add the middle - 50 to my sub window? Thanks a million

for all the great works!

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Please is anyone here trading oil - WTI OIL?

And which strategy are you using - the aggressive or

standard? And please Laura which one is best in trading oil?

--- 帖子 #275 ---
right click on the chart, then left click on indicators list, the left click on williams % range, left click on Edit,  under the Levels tab left click "Add" & enter -50 , then left click "ok"

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Open williams %R

open TAB with levels

mark new level of -50

make color you wish

click OK is done

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #277 ---
You're wonderful! I got it and I'm very grateful. Thanks a million, Shotshell.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
BN, thanks a million. I am very grateful.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #280 ---
It depends. Which timeframe are you trading and how much profit are you looking to extract and how long do you intend to stay in the trade?

As an example, here's how you could have caught a nice short this afternoon/evening on the 5m aggressive version if using the -50 as a bias. Arrow is entry, cross is where you'd exit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Great lesson, Laura. I am understanding this strategy more and more.

You've truly made my day. Thanks a million. You are a gift to this generation!

--- 帖子 #282 ---
The tricky part is, one day the 5m aggressive will be optimal while the next day it might be the 15m standard... the key is to look at price action and determine which timeframe and version is best containing the trend. With practice it becomes a lot easier.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Hi,

I've uploaded another indicator, to help visualize and backtest when signals are being triggered.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13582983

This indicator basically replaces the William's %R, to enable alerts & arrows.

You can use this whether you're using the "Standard" version of Daylight, or the "Aggressive" one.

You have to display on your chart the corresponding moving averages, though.

Here's the standard version:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And the aggressive one:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That way you can better see when setups occur. And maybe decide if you'd rather go for one version over the other.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Thank you very much!

I'll update the first post so people can easily find it.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
TRADE UPDATE

Closed this one at Break Even at bedtime as I did not want to leave running while sleeping.

Big move at the end of the day!.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trade well.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Closed before NYC

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Good work Barraka. Excellent tool!.

Just loaded to my chart. Am I correct in thinking that the signals are looking a tad bit late?.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Sorry if I am mistaken, but your trade signals look identical for standard & aggressive, at least on the charts you posted?

Many thanks anyway for helping us.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Try changing your gap setting to a lower number (3 or 4).

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Hi Laura, thank you for sharing the strategy. Do you offer private coaching ?

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Hi,

You're welcome.

I'm afraid I can no longer offer 1 to 1 coaching as it was interfering too much with my trading time. However, please do feel free to post questions/setups etc on this thread and I'll do my best to answer.

You might also find some useful material in my Journal (link in first post of the thread).

--- 帖子 #292 ---
You're right, I uploaded the wrong image for the 2nd screenshot. I've edited my post.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #293 ---
As Laura mentioned, you can play with the gap setting, it can give a signal a bar or 2 earlier. I've compared with the aggro version on M15, in both cases the signals were very decent and quite similar for today.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Sweet!.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Hi Laura

Early days for me but I'm enjoying the thread, a lot. I like the aggressive approach, purely because since Roadmap, I feel lost without a channel on my chart .

Picking up some great tips on taking profits quicker, which is especially useful as there's a fair bit of ranging on 4H currencies at the moment.

Another fantastic strategy that may have simple rules but still teaches so much along the journey.

Thank you so much. Bill

--- 帖子 #296 ---
If you really feel the need to share the knowledge, the best way is to trade live on a live stream

Best of both worlds IMHO

Here is an example, and it was only yesterday so it is being done, folks!

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Yesterday, I lost my EU trade but I know losing is a part of trading, so nothing to worry about. This morning I trade gold in 5M chart and it works well so far..  I could not lose any in this trade anymore, so, I will let it roll.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Hi,

Glad you're getting something out of it.

Yes, I think it's important lately to not wait too long before taking some profit as volatility is lower than it used to be.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Good morning/afternoon to everyone. Please how is the sub window

created? And how does one go about adding the MAs?

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Go to page 1 and download the template and load the template in your mt4, that is the easiest way and that is the way I do too.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Thank you Jakepuia. I have the template.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
In case anyone missed it, Barraka has updated his new indicator to also have a filter for the -50 level. This is a great addition to a very useful tool.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post13583395

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Tradingview Code :

//@version=3

study(title = "Shift Smoothed Moving Average", shorttitle="Sh_SMMA", overlay=true)

len1 = input(5, minval=1, title="Length")

src1 = input(close, title="Source")

smma1 = 0.0

smma1 := na(smma1[1]) ? sma(src1, len1) : (smma1[1] * (len1 - 1) + src1) / len1

plot(smma1, color=lime, linewidth=3)

shift_length = input(5, title="Shift")

len2 = input(5, minval=1, title="Length")

src2 = input(close, title="Source")

smma2 = 0.0

smma2 := na(smma2[1]) ? sma(src2, len2) : (smma2[1] * (len2 - 1) + src2) / len2

plot(smma2, color=orange,offset=shift_length, linewidth=3)

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Been following the thread put my first trade on tonight thanks LauraT

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Hi,

Welcome aboard.

Very nice trade - I like that you waited until price was back inside the channel before entering, gave you a nice entry price.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Barraka has kindly further updated his indicator to include -50 line crosses by the slow moving average:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13583733

This allows an almost standalone strategy to be laid out. I'll explain in my next post with some examples.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Good! We need the explanations and possibly, a tpl on the update.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
May be due to big red news coming up, market is so quiet. Am not gonna take any trade until that big red news

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Further to my previous post, I can now set out the strategy for purely trading the cross of the -50 line by the slow moving average.

The first decision we have to make is whether to use aggressive or standard mode. There are pros and cons to each. The standard mode will get you into positions later but will have less false signals, whereas the aggressive mode will get you in earlier but has more false signals. Personally, I prefer aggressive mode but the choice is yours.

The next decision is how much, if at all, of a buffer you want to use. I would recommend you have a buffer if using aggressive mode as it will help to reduce false signals. I'm using a buffer of 3 right now. That means that I will not get a long signal until the slow moving average goes above -47 (and below -53 for a short signal).

Next you need to establish a position/money management strategy. I recommend, if possible, splitting your entry in 3. Aim to take one third off at the first TP level, one third at the second TP level and final third at the point of the crossover. So, using Dow as an example, I might take one third off at +30, another third at +50 and the final third at the point of the crossover. You will need to come up with an appropriate figure for each individual instrument you trade. I appreciate that some of you might be trading micro lots and therefore be unable to split your position in 3. If that is the case, I recommend taking regular profit and re-entering. So, if trading EU for example, you might decide to take profit every 10 pips. This isn't ideal compared to splitting a position in 3 but it's probably the best workaround available to you.

Let's look at a live example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can see our entry point marked by the magenta arrow. The trade is currently up around 70 points since our entry. We'd have taken off the first third at +30 and the second third at +50 so we'd currently have one third left running.

Another example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a short entry on Gold on Friday. This would have been worth around 150 points if you held until end of play Friday (even more if you held over the weekend). Again, I'd recommend taking off your position in one thirds. So for Gold we might take off our first third at +40, second third at +70 and final third at end of the trading day for +150. That would give us around 87 points profit in total (+260 divided by 3).

Have a play around the the indicator and settings on different markets. Work out a plan based on the volatility of the instrument. This will be highly profitable in the right conditions.

As requested, I've included a template for aggressive mode.

Attached File(s)   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Daylight50.tpl

47 KB
|
1,001 downloads

--- 帖子 #310 ---
+55 Dow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Hi Laura, in this latest template, the subwindow did not appear in my chart...

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Sorry, not sure why.

You'll have to attach the indicator manually and select the appropriate settings. Here are mine:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Thank you.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Thank you.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
A quick scalp on EURAUD, using the mid-line signal. I was a bit late on the entry, also not ideal because a bit far away from the green line (for my taste). Which is why I didn't stick around too much, and also there was structure to the left.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Thank you so much for this!

I am currently using the indicators for this strategy that pedrobhs has kindly created however it does not seem possible to add an alert for when the SMMA's cross. The code you have kindly provided may be able to help me in creating an alert to go alongside the existing indicators that will save some screen-checking time.

In case you haven't seen those indicators yet and feel they would be useful, you can find them at the bottom of the first post. I would link them for you but I'm new to the world of forums and don't yet know how to do that successfully.

--- 帖子 #317 ---
I might have missed a couple of messages due to the way FF post moderation works for new members.

If I happen to have missed yours, it's not intentional. Please do feel free to post again if I haven't answered.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Hey DinosMum, I will update the code for those indicators tonight to align with Lauras recommendation of -50 cross of Slow line, I can also add those alerts you mention and any other alert you might need. Just let me know.

Takecare

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Hi LauraT

I have taken my first three live trades using your aggressive one-hour strategy this week, and all three were profitable!

I'm aiming small at this point until I'm ready to take the training wheels off. I have settled on a 1:1 RRR, aiming for 16.5 pips per trade. 1.5 pips for the spread and 15 pips as clear profit. A drawdown/loss larger than that is not good for my trading psychology at the moment and scares me from getting into other trades

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Hi,

That's fantastic. I love hearing how people are progressing so please keep me updated.

I understand what you mean about keeping the targets and stop losses tight for the time being. It might change in time, or you might find this is what works for you forever. But it doesn't matter whether you make your profits on one 60 point winner or four 15 point winners - all good!

--- 帖子 #321 ---
That's so kind, thank you! The SMMA cross over/under alert would be a dream!

I also really like that you included some things from LauraT's Roadmap strategy (ADR and open/high/low info) in your Daylight indicator

Thanks for your efforts and wishing you an extra green pip week!

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Dino make sure you have the last set of indicators I posted #177 on page 9

I do have included most of Roadmap lines on Daylight and on Williams R there is an experimental cross signal I added for backtesting, see if you can see it, let me know, if you dont want to clutter the thread you can DM me and I can help you.  Take care

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Hey guys, new here. Decided I'd hop on the simulator for some experience before I go live. Took these two back to back trades on EU 15m. They look like solid entries to me. Exited with momentum. How do they look to you guys?

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Hi,

Welcome aboard!

Yes, both good entries - well done.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Thanks! I've been trying to wrap my head around holding trades. I've been exiting on momentum, but I get out early a lot

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Time for a break. Still trying to figure out these entries and exits. Lots of late entries or just entering in bad trades. Also plenty of missed opportunities as they seem too far or extended and I wait for a pullback and yet they take off. Increasing aggressiveness only results in more losses. Tough cookie this one is

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Nice strategy there LauraT ....

Thought I would try and code the indicator for the MA crosses on WPR...

It doesnt paint arrows for historical/previous crosses... so wait for the next cross to occur

Hope it helps..

Edit: Use Indie by Barraka instead... its far better: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...light-strategy?

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Hello, thank U for indi.

Waiting for arrow and it doesn't appear...

--- 帖子 #329 ---
FYI, an indi has already been done, which also paints arrows for previous crosses.

You can find it here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ight-strategy?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #330 ---
A win is a win.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
You can play with the Settings for faster entries. Use faster moving averages on the %R like 13 and 5. Long only if %R is above -50.

This gives good results for me. Especially on indices.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Oops my bad... well might just use that one then

--- 帖子 #333 ---
If your position sizing allows it, you could always take partial profit when you get the urge and then leave a remainder running a little longer.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Good morning guys.

Today is a quiet and choppy day for me.. Any pair that worth watching?

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Hi Laura . . .thanks for the strategy . . .I'm a bit new to M15 t/frames but maybe with them you can start & finish these trades in a sitting : ).

Re M15 . .  is H4 OK to check/compare trend direction?

Also I gather it's best to enter these trades ASAP after the MAs cross, otherwise price can get too far from them?

--- 帖子 #336 ---
hey Laura i would just like to firmly thank you for providing us with such great and unique ways of being able to entry trades, ive added these confluences to my trading and i have to get used to them more however it makes so much sense...... im currently using this on demo to get familiar with it but im doing well and will soon enough go onto live account!

once again thank you very very much !!!!

--- 帖子 #337 ---
E/A could be worth a look.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Its about balance

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Hey,

Awesome system. From the screenshot would you have entered at the arrow as it's below the 50. Or would you wait a few candles later for daylight and close below the ma?

For Forex I've been testing 15min aggressive. For Indicies on 5min is it also ok to use aggressive or standard?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Gold short

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Just a couple of trades.

It is really awesome to see the activity on this thread. This is a great opportunity for those who are wanting to learn solid trading methods.

Laura has done a great job of laying out a trading method for those who are interested. I am of the opinion that her journal is a MUCH more important thread though.

These threads helped me SO much to get back things that I had lost or couldn't retrieve from the depths of my brain.

In April 2015 I had an Aortic Aneurysm that ruptured and I ended up with a 14 hr emergency open heart surgery. During the surgery, I had a stroke that affected my memory among other things. It has taken a lot of time and patience to relearn things that were second nature and trading was one of them.

At one time in my life many years ago, I traded for a living and was pretty damn good at it. I traded for Morgan Stanley in the early 90's and then a private investment bank after that.

After 9/11 I went back to my original profession which was IT and I managed teams of software engineers for the Dept of Army for the next 15 years.

When I retired, I started trying to trade again....and it was BAD....REALLY BAD.

Fast forward to now. Lauras thread was very similar to the way I traded in the past. It gradually started to come back and I am starting to see the results of my efforts. One of the things that I would advise is to not focus on the money....instead focus on execution. Laura has given you a trading guide, now it is your responsibility to implement it. Focus on making sound trading decisions and review your trades to make sure that you followed your plan. We don't know where the market will go so we must have plans for any movement after we enter. Develop your plan and then trade it!

My signature sums this all up.......PLAN...PREPARE...EXECUTE....REPEAT

Many pips!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Hi,

Yes, H4 should be fine as a trend indicator for M15.

When it comes to entries, sometimes it's best to wait for a retracement but other times it just keeps going and doesn't retrace. So unfortunately there isn't a hard and fast rule you can apply. It's a matter of judgement. One 'rule' you can use for yourself though is to not enter on massive bars that have extended too far from the MAs on the main chart. Big moves like that tend to retrace more.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Hi,

Welcome aboard. Hope your demo trading goes well.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Hi,

If taking that approach, I'd likely enter straight away due to the -50 bias.

5m aggressive should be fine for indices most of the time, but sometimes you'll have to switch up to the 15m if things get too choppy. It's really just a case of experience to know when to do so.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
That is quite a journey you have been on. Massive congratulations for having the persistence and tenacity to rebuild your knowledge base after such a setback. Thank you for sharing the details.

It's obvious from your roadmap trades that you were, and still are, a very good trader. The fact you had to learn it all again makes your success even sweeter, I'd imagine.

I'm obviously biased but I agree with you about the Journal  Strategies are such a small part of the equation compared to mastering ourselves.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
So, I've decided to stick to one pair (EU) and one timeframe (15m) within my trading window which has yet to be determined. I was greatly inspired by these results, and I wanted to create a trading plan I can really rely on. It's often these simple strategies that require you to be on your mental A game, and I plan to develop that from here on out. I'll be spending a lot of time on the sim until I can get good with these trades. Thanks Laura for all the great threads. I'll be here for the long haul

--- 帖子 #347 ---
I think there is a lot to like about your approach, especially the development of the mental side of trading.

The only thing I'd perhaps be wary of is choosing just one market. Sometimes when we don't have enough choice open to ourselves, we 'force' a trade when the opportunity really isn't there. Out of boredom or FOMO or whatever.

I'd suggest maybe choosing 3 markets to continually monitor. That way you can at least choose the best looking opportunities across the instruments.

Look forward to reading more about your journey!

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Hello swingtrade65,

May the Almighty bless and keep you safe my friend.Amazing story,one minute you're here and ok and the other you never know....this is life we have to accept the ups and downs in trading and health too. We're avery fortunate having you here typing such a heartbreaking story,thank you for sharing.

Back in 2010 I injured my back via a slip disc,like 11 yrs ago,unable to play sports,like cricket football

(I love pool,i'm able to play) and not enjoy other outdoor sports,I needed surgery but believed i could cure myself via holistic healing and it worked well,namely accupuncture.Here I am able to sit at my desktop pc and type fluently,no pain again.

As an IT admin(20+ yrs exp),I lost my job (largest law firm in my city) in 2020,ex-boss said he can't afford to pay me anymore and he decided to not call or contact me,but had a replacement doing my work,for much cheaper,just imagine that( pandemic revealed the true nature of some bosses), while I thought I'm still hired and going to the office.I found out and immediately demanded a letter of resignation  .I still have good relations with the staff there because I did nothing wrong and in life your character is everything as a human being,you must preserve that to earn respect.I'm a full time trader now.

Laura has been inspirational to everyone on FF,her style of teaching is that type of University lecturer.Where you're guaranteed not to fail once you focus,do assignments,past papers and not become a dropout of course the years might just be wasted. Appreciate educators when they are around good people are hard to find now in life,the old school type are the best ones,I believe in that.Take your trading seriously as a career and discipline,study well and understand from the basics to advanced level.Try your best not to pay for any courses,signals,EAs,acct management......do it yourself,invest in yourself

Continue having a great week ahead. be safe out there.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Well, quite a life story...

As regards RSI DUO - are you using the default settings for MA for fast RSI (8) and MA for slow RSI (8)?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
I use 8 / 13

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Laura,

Just wanted to say thanks.  While I found your 'Trading Made Simple' method intuitive, that darned day job kept me from being able to actively monitor.  This new method lets me trade at a higher timeframe (H4/D1) with some confidence.  Just had my first 100+ pip day in a long time.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!

--- 帖子 #352 ---
congratulations to all AUDUSD traders. -1% to +2% profit for me .I trade too much ... I have to stop it.

patience, patience, patience

Not aal minus for AUDUSD i trade unfortunately something index too. there minus came.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Anyone catch EU last night would of been a nice trade.. i was put of by the news tho.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
A sobering story, congratulations.  Everyone on here should check the simplicity of the charts of Laura and your good self.  It never fails to amaze me why so many people have to add more and more lines and indicators, until their charts look like a map of the London Underground.  For me, I think Laura's systems make every other method on FF redundant.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
LauraT i was wondering i have noticed that the wiliams% line often bounce off the 50% line after breaking above.

Forgive the date i was back testing thought it was interesting.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
With news, you don't look at the 1-Hour chart, actually, it was quite easy as there was no yo-yo Price Action

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #357 ---
When I trade any USD pair.....DXY is all that matters, if news does not affect the base or quote currency being USD, i'll be checking economic calendar on other currencies.

Dollar was already rising yesterday prior to FOMC IRD and it remained that way,very good price action pattern.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Took some pips from XAU/USD just now

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Same here

--- 帖子 #360 ---
I am looking for sell chance only today in XAUUSD since US dollar is so strong

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Thats cool, Asian session is fine getting some early pips for gold,volatility rises and drops,thats where you TP  in and out.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Dollar is essential as well as Treasury yields as Gold has inverse correlation to these instruments....compare and create a system within daylight trading,also inflation news fuels Gold movement,so check your calendar and put these things to a test,whenever it happens..Good Trading......J

--- 帖子 #363 ---
EG short - aggressive mode & -50 cross trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #364 ---
2 trades this morning, both mid-line crosses on aggro mode, M5.

Dax, was a bit late for entry but waited for a pullback into channel. Exited after double rejection, just in time before the reversal.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDCAD, was seeing price wanting to break the previous day's high level.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #365 ---
I've just sell

--- 帖子 #366 ---
So far no loss... 115 pips already banked

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Hello LauraT,

thanks for the inspiration to do the things in a simple manner. I traded the german dax since many years with success at the end,  nearly 2 % monthly. Now i tried since 2 weeks your system. I take the aggro template on M1 !  on the index  and for the direction decision i take always the 30min candle also on 5/13 ssmm.

Most of the trades are successful( over 90%). The simplicity is brilliant. Thank you very much and freindly greetings from germany!

--- 帖子 #368 ---
If, like me, you are limited to a web based platform ( TradeStation) then you can still use %R but draw in a horizontal 50 line and forward test it for action crossing the 50 when a candle also pops out of the channel.?

--- 帖子 #369 ---
EU short. 15m aggressive mode.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I missed the original cross of the -50 line so I waited until there was a retracement back to the channel to get in.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
The problem with the WPR line is that it is quite jagged and will cross the -50 line repeatedly over a short period of time. That is why I apply the smoothed moving averages to the line.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Hey Turnip, sorry but why are you using TS web, you said you re on Mac and have used tradingview, arent they connected, cant you trade straight from TV and use the proper indicators instead of clunky TS? All the best

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Dear fellow traders...

First of all, I would like to thank Laura T for her generosity. Time as we all know well is the most expensive commodity in the world, simple priceless … Thank You very much  for your time Laura spent here on FF with us, for us.

Please find enclosed some work I have done… maybe it will help someone …

I took last five weeks on Cable and was looking for entries according to rules of aggressive approach and what those entries can generate. M15 timeframe was my object of observations. As many as 45 entries were found… I would say quite a lot like for one instrument.

In attached files you will find day after day pic’s with entries…

In Excel file you will find move range those entries generated and Bias filtering influence of higher TFrames…

This all material shows how picky we should be…

System has a huge potential; results depend only on trader's skill.

I am going back to my cave …

Attached File(s)   Firts Daylight System Test.rar

690 KB
|
780 downloads

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Yes you can use TV but I found I can trade straight from TS charts with no exchange fees. But I am awkward but appreciate your reply

--- 帖子 #374 ---
I used the basic %R like this. Candles have to close outside of channel and agree with 50 line cross.

But I will now try the smoothed approach too :-)

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Closed GBPJPY trade.

We got them coming and going...LOL....sometimes it just happens like that

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Great work mate!  Everyone should read through all of your tests and look at the screenshots.

Great information

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Unable to download the file.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Keep selling my friend, very good ,I told you the essential economical situation with GOLD,when and why it moves this way.

Gold dropped sharply yesterday....not surprising as gold has an inverse correlation to the dollar index and especially to government bond yields, which rose sharply yesterday considering the FOMC IRD. You are in the 10% that will never reload a forex trading account ever.....

--- 帖子 #379 ---
i use to trade GU exclusively and when i like the results from my testing too i will only use the approach on GU and include it into my tradingstyle.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Thank you very much for the work you've put into this.

You're right, there will be huge variation in results based on trader decisions but the spreadsheet is a good indication of what's possible.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Stopped out on AUDJPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Confused about selling with a buy signal.....looks very early type aggressive,as the cross never dreamed to happen before you pull the trigger lol

This is a hack ....I see some multiple entries after the cross

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Sorry...this was taken on the 1 hr chart....much different look.....

***As a side note, that is not a buy signal I would be interested in at all ......Looking left there is a big down bar which equals sellers.....Second, the cross was well below the midline and those dont interest me because the upside is generally limited. I only have the money and time to do so many trades, I don't like to waste either with marginal setups. I am looking for the A1 setups where things are getting ready to launch or fall off the cliff********

Just my .02

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Yes man, this is solid like a rock......the market structure encourages sellers,you chart says it all keep safe

--- 帖子 #385 ---
+207 Dow. 1H aggressive -50 cross.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is one where my entry could have been much better, had I waited for the retracement.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
GBPJPY short. 5m aggressive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Waited for price to get on the 'wrong' side of the channel and then return to the correct side.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Yes,I saw it,this would be the next candle that went inside the channel. Does a retracement entry consists one in which price retraces inside the channel without candle closing within that area?

--- 帖子 #388 ---
It can be any variety really. It can be one that closes inside the channel or one where price temporarily goes inside the channel or gets close to it.

The general idea is that, if price travels too far away from the channel, you try to wait for a better price. Of course, the risk then becomes that the market just keeps going and going and you never get an entry.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
It's acceptable taking a loss even when price goes to the wrong side of the channel and never returns,the risk is much lower,just as your example where price travels too far away from the channel and getting in there.Sometimes the trend is very strong and retracements may well be less than 25% each time.....

Thank you again :-) Laura

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Yes, precisely. Waiting on the retrace opens you up to perhaps more risk of being on the wrong side of a reversal. But the flipside is the opportunity for a 'better' priced entry and a smaller loss if you are wrong.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
CADJPY short. 1H aggressive -50 line cross.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #392 ---
This week's result ... little time spent trading, mostly backtests ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A few ideas crossed my mind based on the Daylight Trading System.

I don't think about the improvements, rather some different kind of approach  ...

Will not trade this Friday, so

Have a good weekend …

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Hi Laura, could you kindly advice me on the following?

This is a GBPUSD trade I took today.

Entry:

I entered at the candle marked with a red arrow. At the time there was no daylight between the MAs in the sub window. They were on top of each other. I entered because,

1. It was a retracement candle that followed few candles that met the entry criteria, so I got a better price.

2. At the time of entry, the red MA was below the -50 line.

I didn't exit the trade at the candle marked with a horizontal line nor the 2 candles before that (even though the exit signals were very clearly shown) because,

1. Still the red MA was below the -50 line.

2. the red MA was below the -50 line on the 1H chart and the 4H chart as well.

Do you advice entering such trades and/or staying in the trade like I did in situations like that? Or was it too risky? I'm sorry for my English if I'm not being clear, it's not my first language.

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Hi,

No problem with your English.

Although I understand your reasoning for entering there, I think it's generally better to enter when momentum is in your favour. Most of the time, I'd prefer that the sub-window MAs be sloping downward for a short entry.

However, as you correctly identify, you were trying to get in on a retracement so you were likely well aware of the risk of a full reversal.

You were right not to exit at your line due to the MAs still being below -50. And you got the right result in the end - well done.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
I admire all the time and effort you put into this project again, you are a remarkable and such a wonderful woman, helping lots of aspiring traders to go after a dream... I am sure it will be helpful to a lot off person's... Thanks

--- 帖子 #396 ---
They don't all work out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Further to my reply to SlownSteadyy above, this was an example of me also trying to get in at a better price on a short while the sub-window MAs were still rising. I knew I risked a reversal but decided to take the chance.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Laura, that seems like an awfully tight stop - did you pull the trigger manually?

--- 帖子 #398 ---
I did close manually. Most of my trades are closed this way.

I was proved wrong when the MA went above -50.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
NZDUSD short. 4H aggressive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Hi Laura,

Is that a 200 SMA you have added to your chart now, as in the original Roadmap method?

Thanks for all your efforts.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
XAU/USD,during asian session

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Thank you so much Laura

--- 帖子 #403 ---
GBPUSD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #404 ---
In my humble opinion, gold is  a bit bullish today

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Hi,

It's actually a 100 period Smoothed Moving Average. I'm playing around with various options to see if it benefits us to have an overriding bias. But I think there is an even better option potentially - more later.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Nice trades!

--- 帖子 #407 ---
AUDJPY short. 30m aggressive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #408 ---
hey guys, just a question and I know it maybe personal preference, but are there 3 pairs that adhere to this type of style of trading or is it really what pairs youre most familiar with, i tend to stick with XAUUSD and 2 other currencies

--- 帖子 #409 ---
In general, I'd say choose currency pairs with decent ADR. The more volatility the better for this strategy.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Dax short. 1m aggressive mode. -50 cross.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #411 ---
NAS Cash 5min short scalp to the 200EMA...in line with the 1hr %R MAs. Entry using Turnip's %R 50 cross and a close below the channel MA.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Thanks Laura, and happy friday trading :-) to you and all.......its been raining all night,I placed a trailing SL on Gold and GBPUSD went to bed. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Always nice to make money while we sleep!

--- 帖子 #414 ---
AUDCAD H1 aggressive mode.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Some Statistics

Thought I'd run a quick check on my recent forex trades using Daylight.

88 trades, 83 winners, 5 losers. Profit Factor of 10.42.

Not a bad start for this 'old' strategy!

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Dax short. 1m aggressive mode. -50 cross.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Congratulations  seeing is believing,wait, let me rephrase....trading is believing

Keep it going strong,take the risks,make the sacrifices.Just Trade,keep your feet on the ground and keep reaching for the stars

Rating:

--- 帖子 #418 ---
fantastic results LauraT, I'm 192 pips up today on indices

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Great to hear - well done!

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Please Laura how do we know those pairs with decent ADR?

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Attached File(s)   !SM_ADR Marker.ex4

12 KB
|
334 downloads

--- 帖子 #422 ---
ST, I downloaded this indi but did not understand how to interpret it.

In my chart, I see ADR High and ADR Low. I still see PA going above

the adr high and below the adr low. Truly confused. I need help. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Puts ADR value on the chart. Bigger ADR assets include GBP and JPY

--- 帖子 #424 ---
ADR and ATR, do they serve same purpose?

--- 帖子 #425 ---
This is the chart ADR indicator, 2 orange lines appear,when the ADR reaches max value for the day,you'll see bold thick RED lines compared to thin maybe dashed orange ones before,it simply means 100% ADR has been achieved for the day on a given instrument.....some traders use this as support and resistance,like a zone for retracement or trend continuation.....mainly an ''area of value''.

Eg: GBPUSD just crossed 100% ADR for today,those ADR lines should be RED Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #426 ---
keep in mind its friday and friday often are trenddays, or "freighttrains" tooslow would call it;-)

ADR can easily go +150-200%

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Thank you, scsstnt. I have to study this - in the example you gave with GBP/USD, you said that the pair just crossed 100%. Is this 100% for the move

downwards or upwards or the average of the day's movement. Forgive me if my questions looks stupid...still learning!

--- 帖子 #428 ---
ADR, Weekly Range, Monthly Range

Take your pick

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Glorybound - easiest thing to do is look at Erebus' chart and the ADR20 column. Choose instruments that have higher figures than 70.

But, once you've done so, be careful about putting on multiple positions on the same currency at the same time. Less is more.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
AUDUSD short. 1H aggressive mode.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Laura please do not be offended. I need to understand this wonderful strategy

trusting it will help me recover all my losses in forex trading. THE CROSSES WE ARE

LOOKING FOR, IS IT WITH THE MAs - in the subwindow: the MAs crossing one another

above or below, or the MAs crossing the -50 line above or below?

--- 帖子 #432 ---
It depends

All are correct, it depends which 'flavour' of the strategy you are using.

I am using the aggressive settings and trading crosses of the -50 line by the slow MA (red).

If you go back to the first post of the thread, I have linked to the relevant posts which explain the different options you have for trades.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Netsrac?

--- 帖子 #434 ---
GBPUSD short. 1H aggressive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Thank you Erebus.  My goal now is to read this in the charts.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
@Laura T, Kindly let me know your settings in the sub-window for 15 minutes time frame in aggressive mode, I know that we change the smoothed moving averages to 5 and 13 in one hour aggressive mode. Do we use the standard settings or we use the same settings in the one hour time frame?

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Great information. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Glorybound, This can be up or down,it depends on where price reaches on the chart.Price can reach 80% with buying pressure, and create a reversal taking out ADR low 100% down and vice versa

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I am grateful. Thanks a million for your time and wisdom.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
I love this explanation. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
For aggressive mode, regardless of which timeframe you use, the moving averages are 5 and 13 for the sub-window.

Standard mode moving averages are 8 and 21.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Yes, that's the one, also plots those levels on each chart

--- 帖子 #443 ---
I have it. However, I don't use it. Have you had much success with it?

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Wow! Trades on 1m to 4H time frame. I wish I could train my eyes to detect trades like that. I am no where close to that.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
EURJPY short. 1H aggressive mode.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #446 ---
It gets easier with practice.

I tend to like indices on very short timeframes, whereas currencies are slower moving.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Well, it's not a trading method per se, it's a tool used to show where price may go on a normal volatility day.

As you can see, there have been some 200% range days, but knowing volatility has increased, you would put the take profits further away

What else or how else do you determine where price might go and stop, consolidate, etc?

This is why support and resistance work sometimes, price only moves so much on a daily basis, and those levels have to line up at some point.

To answer your question, yes, it works for me, I have taken profit at times when the price had moved 1 x ADR.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #448 ---
CADJPY short. 1H aggressive mode.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A very lucrative couple of days for Daylight traders - hope you've all been catching some!

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Attached File(s)   Lura T -  Daylight ver agressive testing closings.rar

23 KB
|
599 downloads

Some more data, results with different types of closing rules...

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Thanks again - look forward to studying it later!

--- 帖子 #451 ---
USDCAD long. 5m aggressive mode. -50 cross.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #452 ---
You're welcome brother....ask anything you not sure about, someone will find a right answer,there is nothing like a stupid question, I learnt that at 15 yrs  in college during Physics class period....what a great teacher I had......so is Laura,she is educating the world,priceless work

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Not a bad week.  What a great strategy.  Now to work on exit timing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Are you aware of the new update? In the settings you can set Daily, Weekly, and Monthly targets. I haven't used it much, so I don't know how reliable the targets are.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Congratulations!

I love seeing people's success. Here's to many more great weeks.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Looking at Barraka's contribution. Wondering why the highlighted entry wasn't pointed out (blue box)

https://charts.mql5.com/29/94/usdcad...ivision1-2.png

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Congrats,you are qualified to quit your job now lol....I'm sorry for the pain your broker has to endure,please send my regards

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hi Laura, for Barraka WPR, what did you set for:

1. Use -50 level as filter

2. Display only mid-line crosses

Aren't they the same meaning?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Hi,

It's not highlighted because when the MAs on the chart did not respect the rules (green above red) when the Williams cross happened.

It's actually a pretty rare occurrence, because the vast majority of the time when the Williams daylight happens, the chart MAs are already in the correct order.

The arrows / signals are displayed only on the WPR cross, so when finally the chart moving averages did cross, it doesn't trigger an arrow.

However the dashboard that I have provided does signal a chart cross, so you could always use that if you want.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
No, they are not the same thing:

- Use -50 as filter: only displays signals (whether standard or aggro) when the WPR cross takes place on the correct side of the midline. So, for a bull signal for example, the WPR red & blue need to be above the midline. And inverse for a sell signal.

- Display only midline crosses: This is a variation of daylight that Laura explained later on in the thread. The rules are different, and it's basically taking signals when the slow WPR (red) crosses the midline (-50) level. When you choose that option, there is no "daylight" involved, it's just a midline cross.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
It seems that 10 or more candles before you placed your order(from the chart)

showed a clear signal for a sell order. Is my observation in order? If so, why did you

not go short earlier or was it when you saw the opportunity?

--- 帖子 #462 ---
I guess I was busy with something else at the time

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Greetings Laura, and, of course, many thanks for Daylight in its now several forms!

You did tease us a bit (especially post 211) with your success on H4, a TF I am familiar with and comfortable. I wondered if you have any further thoughts of the wisdom of those entries.  The pressing question would be do you continue to favor the entry combination of of SM21 crossing the -50 line, plus available Daylight?

This combination surely looks strong to me . . . as far as I have gone with it.

Of course, the H4 will be especially useful to those who can't frequently check down to M5 or even M15, so there is a real 'market' for Daylight at H4.

Since everything is working on all TFs you likely wouldn't frequently look much at H4 . . . but others of us probably will!  :- )

Thank you again for all you have done and continue to do for so many traders.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Guys,

Thread looks good. Well done Laura for all your hard work and patience. Just checking out the templates and indi's from Barraka and I have a question on how to avoid chop like on the AU H4 charts attached. I work through the London session and can just about find time to check the H4 charts so trading lower TF is out.

Its the consolidation thats proving difficult for me to detect and avoid.

Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Hi,

With any timeframe, you have to do a little visual testing on various markets to see what works best.

Timeframes other than 15m are still relatively newly explored by me so I can't yet say I favour one approach over the other. By giving what I consider to be a solid set of options, I'm providing a starting point for people to go on and do their own research. Nobody should take my word for anything without testing it out themselves.

A key point to remember is this though. If market conditions are right on a particular timeframe, things will go very well indeed. If conditions are less ideal, it will be much trickier. That applies regardless of which approach or which timeframe is chosen. So the important thing isn't so much the approach or timeframe, but the state of the instrument at the time you trade. Fortunately, we have many markets to choose from and we aren't forced to trade any in particular.

If you take a look at GU on the 4H for example - from mid-May to mid-June we were stuck in a range that would make extracting profit very difficult. As soon as we realise we are in such a range we avoid trading it and move on to find other opportunities.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
It's really a case of trying to establish, as soon as you can, that you are in a range and then either avoiding that market in favour of another or seeing if switching up to the Daily presents a clearer picture.

A trader might be caught out once or twice by a range but they shouldn't be repeatedly caught out. Once we realise what is happening, we avoid it like the plague until conditions change.

Try looking at the Daily and see if that seems preferable. If you can only trade the 4H, there has to be an acceptance that sometimes the best action will be not to trade a particular market.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Yes -if your long fails and then your short fails, chances are you are in a range, so you mark the high and low and wait or get another instrument. Just my pennyworth.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Gold 1HR aggressive mode, I guess you could argue that there was no Daylight...as I'm sure some will... however Dawn was approaching

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Thanks for the reply Barraka.

Only one option can be selected as true right?

--- 帖子 #470 ---
If you choose "Display only midline crosses" as true, it will only display midline crosses, regardless of the "-50 level filter" option.

If you set it to false, it will display normal signals. Those normal signals can be refined using the "-50 filter" option.

It's quite straightforward, really.

Better still, just place the indi on the chart, and play around with those 2 settings you'll immediately see what it relates to, by looking at where the arrows take place.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Ah, that's what I thought too.

Thanks for confirming.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Exactly.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Hi

Thank you for your strategy. I am trying to backtest the aggressive mode strategy but I am having some problem in figuring out why some of the trades didnt work.

Can you please see the attached image and tell me why it didnt worked.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Switch your chart to H1 TF and later to H4 TF ...

You are in range from many hours and weak trend in opposite direction to your taken order, on H1 there are three in a row higher lows and higher highs, MA's in sub window are over the -50 and on H4 is the same situation. Your entry was taken in not optimal situation.

We have to be very picky in decision making ...

It is easy to explain what and why something happened, but have hope it helps you...

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Watch out for impending 3star news events when u take the trade. The recent FOMC was a trade killer. Maybe add a news indi on the chart.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Achal's post above reminds me to mention something.

We cannot, and should not, blindly follow every signal we get. Whether you use market structure, higher timeframe analysis or something else, the aim should always be to form a bias and wait for opportunities that agree with your bias.

No strategy will give you 'buy here' type signals that magically deliver profit every time. Daylight is no different in that respect.

All we can do is try to stack the probabilities in our favour. We do this by taking setups that we believe, over the long run, will deliver a profitable edge.

I hope, very soon, there will be an additional tool which will greatly assist in quickly performing this analysis. Until then, please do try to be aware of the bigger picture at all times.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
To further make the point, here are 3 charts from Friday.

I've added a Smoothed 100-period MA to each chart. Should we be taking longs, shorts or both from these pairs? The answers are hopefully obvious.

Using this MA is just one way you can be aware of the bigger picture. As I said previously, I do hope to have a tool which will make this much easier in the near future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Similar to Roadmap. In other words the Williams 50 cross could be used to replace the RSI indi on Roadmap. I think Roadmap is a good place to start, because you look out for obvious s & r, trendlines etc. Once you have decided there is tradeable 'space' on the chart, then it seems the 200 SMA cross or bounce has some sort of edge, to which it seems the 50 cross might increase probability that much more.

Interested to see your upcoming tool for bias.....

--- 帖子 #479 ---
GBPUSD short. 15m aggressive version.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #480 ---
+209 Dow short. 15m aggressive mode.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #481 ---
So far so good

--- 帖子 #482 ---
+77 GBPJPY short. 30m aggressive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #483 ---
+70 Gold short. 5m aggressive mode.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #484 ---
XAGUSD 15m Angry Mode
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Does that currency dashboard up there on your chart switch you to the currency you click on, but still maintaining the setup on your chart. Like for example, you have this daylight setup, when you click on another currency, does it still maintain the daylight setup but for the new currency?

If yes, kindly share.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
I've added a Currency strenght indicator, which I think it can help to avoid false trades. I'm opening a trade just when the difference betwen the currencies are 3.0 or more. I'll let you know if that's useful in at least two weeks.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Dax long, 15pts scalp.

I was watching M1 because I noticed a consolidation forming. There were quite a few signals previously (on that TF), but the bias was long as they all took place above the -50 level. The signal just at my entry was the breakout.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #488 ---
"...I hope, very soon, there will be an additional tool which will greatly assist in quickly performing this analysis. Until then, please do try to be aware of the bigger picture at all times." Thanks a million Laura for this million dollar worth of advice.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Hi, is that a normal WPR indicator or modified?

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Is this Smoothed 100-period MA set to open/close/high/low?

--- 帖子 #491 ---
100 Smoothed set to Close.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Thank you.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Another long scalp on Dax. M1 aggro, my entry was a bit late vs the signal (green arrow), but I wasn't at my screen. Still liked the short-term setup.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Hi,

It's Smoothed Moving Averages of WPR.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Is it possible get a copy? Thanks a lot in advance.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
original sell signal on the 15 minute chart - Now the 30 min. has a signal - confirmation??

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Please read the thread, starting with the first post. All instructions are in there.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
GBswiss H1 trade today. My trail stop break even  EA might need tweaking as it kicked me out too soon. I had to rush out and do a job. Come back to +13pips.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
+51 Nasdaq short. 5m aggressive mode.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Is the 100 smooth MA the reason you did not enter earlier?

Thank you very much for everything, LauraT

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Yes, that's right.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Thanks I found it.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Hi,

Could you please explain why you did not take previous signals which turned out to be false later?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #504 ---
XAUUSD - Retracements

7 other major pairs have significant moves,but I slept away,gold was on its own

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #505 ---
As I said in the post, I had identified the previous area as a consolidation, so the last signal corresponded to the breakout, which was the signal I took. So I was trading a breakout setup.

I was not looking at this chart previously, but there were a few signals. With the filter of only taking trades in line with the -50 level, you could have taken any of the long signals, they would all have worked out.

If you were not using the -50 level as a filter, you could have taken the first short, and stuck to it until the breakout, and then taken a loss.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Have you tried the FREE graph at FINVIZ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Had to settle for +32 on Dow short. Profit at peak was double that, but it's the price I pay to try to stay in a trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hi Laura. May I ask what your exit rationale was. Did you exit because price was breaking the lower channel? Or just time to clock off for the day  Price was also around previous day's high - was that a factor also?

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Answers to your questions, yes, yes & yes.
Attached File(s)   Symbol_Changer_PLUS.ex4

184 KB
|
373 downloads

Enjoy.

--- 帖子 #510 ---
clue is probably in the lower window imho

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Perhaps you could elaborate -  the red line is still above 50 and the lines have not even crossed. Thanks

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Traded with the classic version.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Closed with 4 pips profit. Slow session and sleep time.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
I've tried this daylight strategy. Thanks for sharing, Laura.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Another setup. Daylight original version. Thanks, Laura.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
hey guys, what's you take on Stop Loss?  is it what you're comfortable on risking or is there an added strategy towards Stop Loss, thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Hi,

I anticipated that price was going to break the lower side of the channel and, following the acceleration up, decided it was probably an exhaustion point for bulls.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
They are closing together -ie. momentum may be slowing. Don't be a slave to 50 lines etc, they are only a guide. Lines converging and price had already had one big up bar followed by a few smaller bars going no where momentum wise followed by a bigger down bar  ( and your lines converging) - all show that price MIGHT be losing momentum. So why stay to find out when you can get out and maybe re-enter when momentum resumes?

But you go your own way -I am simply stating what I see and how I would react.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Rightly said......The wider the Daylight.....the better the momentum.

This wonderful trading system is rooted in BREAKOUT trading.......We need to look to volatility (strength and momentum) to position ourselves for BREAKOUT and Daylight is it for me......if you know this.... you know peace.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The trade is not moving at all. I will hold for a little longer and see what happens...

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Two trades this morning:

Gold short, midline cross. I was not looking at the chart when there was a signal up, but given the previous impulsive down move I didn't mind entering late after the down signal. Targeted the daily PP.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dax short, again there was an up signal prior to my entry, but my bias was short (quite obvious) so took the sell signal instead.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Morning all, +181 pips since 7.00 on DAX this morning, thank you LauraT, excellent simple system.

Baz

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Super! Well done.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Mr T makes an excellent point, which I want to expand upon.

Although I said Daylight was more rules-based than Roadmap (which it is), there is still a lot to be gained from thinking in a Roadmap mindset. By that I mean seeing the overall picture and not basing the whole analysis on a single indication/indicator.

As we progress, I will post more, and provide further examples, on how we can be flexible in our thinking and respond to what is unfolding, even if our indicators don't (yet) agree.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
GBPUSD - My daily routine :-), this is not a great entry ,I entered late

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Daily routine of gbpusd? good catch

--- 帖子 #528 ---
EURUSD,GBPUSD and XAUUSD......yes I like those 3 or XXX/USD and its inverse correlation. Yesterday,Monday being a great trading day 7 currency pairs had perfect retest and retracement from Friday's closing price,I frame my chart on candlesticks and drop it in Daylight template......one of the most powerful systems,very rare will I have a draw down which can hurt my account ,my daily time frame is a key factor also,but most entries on m15

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Madam...... bring them on..... can't wait.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #530 ---
The system can only work on the M15?

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Could you share your template and indicator.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Nasdaq long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Hi Igor, I trade GER30 and NAS100 on 1 minute charts, works well for me

Baz

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Please read the thread from post 1......it will be for your benefit!

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Couple of trades on AUDCAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #536 ---
XAUUSD ,closed partial lots......all that remains,Cheers!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #537 ---
UJ long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #538 ---
GJ H1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #539 ---
interesting situation -  one hour chart - sell signal 3 bars ago, followed by buy signal - both sort of iffy - think I'll stay away -

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Yes, definitely wise to avoid. Quite a few instruments displaying quite ugly price action today.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Did the exact same trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Oil long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Hi Laura, do you use the arrow indicator as a signal or do the arrows not matter. Asking this because my charts showed a lot of arrows while I only see one buy arrow in your chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Thanks Laura. I have noticed a lot of "traders" fixate upon indicators, with something akin to binocular vision and lose sight of price action, its' levels and momentum. I have just had a couple of trades on Nasdaq today but spent most of the time waiting for price to show momentum or react to levels up to 4pm today. So a boring day/session compared to others but these chop sessions can inflict confidence sapping harm. I am Road mapping but just popped in to say "hello."

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Hi,

I only have arrows showing for crosses of the -50 line.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Hello!

Yes, knowing when to step aside is an art form in itself.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Nasdaq long. 15m.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Dow long. 1m

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Took the same/similar trade on 1 min NAS100

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Gold short, midline cross on M1. Target was daily pivot point (blue line). Could have stayed longer, but was happy with the profit especially after a good day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Previously I had also taken a gold short, midline cross at the PP level:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #551 ---
EJ long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #552 ---
GU long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #553 ---
CJ long. Happy enough with profit but shame I missed the opportunity to exit on the spike in my favour.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #554 ---
AUDJPY Long.......H1 aggressive mode......

-50 levels cross........rooted in massive Daylight trading........A genuine breakout is followed by a big, bold candle.

Happy trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Is this a bit too risky? The two MA in the Sub Window has already crossed when you take the trade? I know the red MA is still above the -50 line.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Gold Short.... edit.. target hit.. well that was fast.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Me too!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Cable buy divergence. went in long for 15pips TP. as its a previous support/resistance line. TP was decided there.

edit. we're halfway there. let see if it'll hold.

Edit. i'm done for the day! Target profits hit. See you guys tomorrow!

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Dax short, midline cross on M1. Was looking at this setup because of the strong rejection at previous day's high / resistance level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #560 ---
GU long scalp for (only) 5 pips, aggressive setup. Was actually watching it waiting to short with a midline cross on M1, because it had reached yesterday's high level. Changed my bias after there was a daylight signal up. A more logical target (for me) would have been daily pivot R1 level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Gold long, 12pts scalp. Trigger was midline cross, was busy posting when it happened, took the continuation up, target previous swing high. This time was a bit more lucky with my exit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #562 ---
GU short, midline cross setup after rejection off R1, +6pts.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #563 ---
There is more risk compared to a fresh cross, yes. Not so much in terms of risk itself but because it will be more expensive to be proved wrong.

The slow MA will gradually start to weaken even if price keeps going up, as the rate of acceleration decreases, so I do occasionally take these types of continuation trades.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Gold H1 entry a bit late but managed +226 or is that 22.6?. Closed it as looked to be struggling for more.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Will have a look. Thanks! Really apreciate that

--- 帖子 #566 ---
EURUSD long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Hi everybody. I'll post how I decide when to have a trade or not. I hope it can be useful for some of you. I don't want to modify Laura's setups, so it's just my way to use that amazing strategy. I've been testing it for just a week, so don't trade in real as it's something i'm improving.

Next, I add a GBPUSD graph for the last 3 days. I've marked 3 entry points, as you can see.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Why i did this 3 trades? That's easy. Just following Laura¡s rules but adding a currency strenght indicator (which I'll post later) that I use in order to confirm the trade. I look for a 3.0 points (at least, preferable 4.0) difference between the two involved currencies.

The second key is the MFI (15). In that case i don't have into consideration the 50 level. I look for divergence. If there's a divergence between the MFI and the price action i don't trade. As you can see, the three trades of GBPUSD are PERFECT, and a 20 pips can be reached easily. I don't recomend looking for more pips as I trade in H1, but the management of your trades are up to you, of course.

I put the SL at 30 pips, but i think 20 can be enough. Let's try it.

Now I show you another possible trade. AUDUSD Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, all is OK in order to open a trade for the next 1 or 2 hours. But, the MFI has a no clear direction, so I won't trade AUDUSD today. It's possible it can be a good entry, but I prefer just opening a trade when all is PERFECT.

For sure that can be improved. Open to listen!

--- 帖子 #568 ---
The MFI is just another crutch which you could discard and stick to price action and Laura's lower screen indicator. In fact , just look at your channel breaks alone.

More indicators are simply more opportunities for procrastination. IMHO of course.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
XAUUSD - Advanced entry based on market structure and correlation from other instruments,notice the entry didn't occur immediately after after the cross.

HHs & HLs kept on going and 13 SMA,held on for buyers

Give me a better price.i'll buy more  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Just something quick that is MY opinion

-Trade in the direction of Price

-Use the channel as a "guide" for direction

-Use other side of channel to trail stop if you want....in your example there were several bars in your direction without even so much as a touch of the opposite channel line

-There is no such thing as  'perfect" trade because we simply DO NOT KNOW where price will go once we enter

- work on skills to manage your trades once entered instead of looking for ways to filter out the bad ones ( you will end up with your screen looking like a kids coloring book)

- Trying to avoid losing money is detrimental to your success because it is going to happen even with your very best efforts....learn to manage the losers

Look at your chart...I have marked a couple of lines (Big lines)  this is the direction of trade....follow the closed candles

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hi everyone,

I notice that there is now a temptation to 'improve' or amend Daylight. This is human nature. We experience the discomfort of some losses and our subconscious tells us there must be a way to avoid taking a loss.

Be very wary of such thoughts.

I'm not going to say Daylight is perfect. No strategy is. But I think the most useful stage we can be at now is to start to discuss and highlight the nuances of what already exists. Not to add indicators or extra conditions but to understand the subtleties of trading this (or any) strategy.

In the same way that I gradually discussed those nuances with Roadmap, I will do so with Daylight. Because, the hard fact is, I could ask 100 people to trade the exact same strategy at the exact same times of day and get wildly different results. By understanding the nuances you will give yourself the best opportunity to have success.

So, I must respectfully request the following. If you want to add things, feel free. But please don't share these additions on this thread. It creates diversions that are unhelpful as people start going off in different directions. If, on the other hand, you notice subtle little elements of Daylight and want to share those observations - please do.

I will say more later (including some great news on an analysis tool!) but I wanted to address this topic before it got out of hand.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Excellent point!

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Wise words!

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Can't wait to see the analysis tool

--- 帖子 #575 ---
I'd think of it as 22.6, which means you've got 17.4 left to go

--- 帖子 #576 ---
It's useful to everyone that you post your rationale, thanks for that. Posts that don't explain why are a bit pointless I think, except to say hey I won/lost.....

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Hello! Thank you to Laura for this wonderful strategy and the time invested in detailed explanations for all participants. I will allow myself to make a small remark (wish). Many participants in the discussion publish their successful entries, focusing precisely on how successfully they made a deal. It seems to me that it will be very useful to publish here also your unsuccessful trades that ended in a loss. And additionally explain why you recorded a loss, why you did it at this price (in this place), what your decision was based on. Thanks again to all the participants of the discussion. I read the whole thread with great pleasure.=)

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Am I correct in thinking we now have the following:

Channel with 8 smoothed MAs set on high/low

Plus a 100 smoothed MA

W%R 14 (hidden) with 8 and 21 smoothed MAs and a -50 line

I am not sure if this would be considered a "subtle little element", however I have added another 100 smoother MA with a shift of 10.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #579 ---
The channel is set at 5,smoothed, high/low.  If your chart is the aggressive mode, the MAs are 5 & 13 smoothed.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Thx.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Would anyone mind sharing their statistics since using Daylight? e.g. growth in their account, number of trades taken, average win, average loss

Just interested to hear how everyone is going. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Keroppi_gims

This kind of statistic will not bring you any suitable clue  for you…

I spent on this strategy not much time and made 16 trades having all winners. No break evens but winners, generally I used TP as a form of closing trades. Sometimes I closed trades early because I had go outside, sometime close to early because was afraid they will turn against me. Every person is different, and every person react on what see on chart in different wat. What is for you important how you react on what you see. Somebody experience will tell you nothing about yourself.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stay Well

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Its your first paragraph for me...... simple put.....Do it yourself

--- 帖子 #584 ---
XAUUSD - Don't try this at home!  Market timing is everything,not a good entry but small target hopefully achieved.

While typing 25 pips taken Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #585 ---
MTF Analysis Tool

As I mentioned in some previous posts, I hoped to have an analysis tool that assisted with forming a bias on an instrument. Delighted to confirm that Barraka has now released the updated dashboard here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13598103

This provides a huge leap forward in terms of the at-a-glance analysis you can perform. Please take a few moments to read Barraka's explanation around the working of the tool and then, if you're still unclear how it will help you, post your queries here and I can run through how I intend to use it.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Thank you for your report.

Do you put a protective stop order? It can be seen from your table that you suffered quite significant drawdowns (over 50 pips) with a very small profit in the end.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Hello everyone, please i am a new trader i.e a beginner that needs guide on how to be a profitable trader with this very group.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
I concur  with  you  Laura

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Take a look please on two charts below, hope you will find answers for your questions...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Green pipes ...

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Opportunities have been very limited today but managed to catch a bit of a runner on Dow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #591 ---
[quote = LauraT; 13575313] Rất tiếc, tôi đã bỏ lỡ nó, nhưng hy vọng một số bạn nắm bắt được sự sụt giảm tốt đẹp này trên GU. {image} [/ quote]

I could not find these indicators of your system.

Pls send daylight indicator (.mq4) (.ex4)

Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #592 ---
it’s literally in the first post with the template..

It’s a template. Put it in your template folder instead of the indicators folder

p.s. if you can’t read the post. I suggest not to trade. There’s some entry requirements and not always “oh green cross red, LETS GO” kind of strategy.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Setup incoming sell limit place. Will wait for BOE. For now.. grab a beer and wait.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Hi,

I'm looking to understand more about made-to-order indicators - eg an alert when certain MA's cross (for another application).

I realise this thread is all about the Daylight strategy, but I'm new to FF/Forums and very new to the types of indicators kindly built and posted here.

Any pointers please?

I've had mixed success with this strategy and not quite sure why. Sometimes I don't think I'm at the charts long enough to get the best entries, but I'm unable to trade full-time - usually around the first hours of  the London session. However I do like the strategy, and appreciate all who have contributed . . .

--- 帖子 #595 ---
trrggered. Sooo I’m having a beer now. 20pips. TP

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Target achieved

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Not so simple! In a flat, this system can give a lot of losing trades. How to insure against this?

Flat lasts a very long time.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Look for trending markets ...

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Is the tough bit. Deciding if its ranging or Trending.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
few scalps with Laura T ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Would you enjoy trading a dead market?

What is the most important principle when using any indicator based system?

--- 帖子 #602 ---
How to choose a symbol that has the potential for movement on this day?

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Economic news calendar,first thing each day you much scan and see what affects currencies/price,then you have correlation of instruments,trading sessions which adapts to volatility,volume.Experience will get you there,plug all that into Daylight strategy and you learn market structure,you got a livelihood in trading my friend.Don't clutter your chart or mind.....for everything in life its back to basics sometime or the other.Finally,eliminate noise,stick to good threads like this one,you have an amazing educator here.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Compare the two indicators based on WPR and Stochastic. What do you think of it?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #605 ---
We do not choose a symbol with the potential to move, we pick one that has just started to move in the direction of our directional bias....with momentum.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
See Post 471.

You cannot avoid losers ! Hind sight will tell you where the Range was. A more useful method is to spot the signs going forward which may involve two losing trades before you can act. IMHO of course.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Look Left - what was price doing? It might indicate what will continue forward. Again it might not , but at least you have some idea.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Just remember that Laura posted results that showed several losers in a row. Losers will happen - it's how you manage them that counts - hence Lauras Roadmap or daylight approaches. Advice worth repeating is to know where you are wrong before you get in.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Why don't we talk about management of loosing trades?

--- 帖子 #610 ---
What is a "loosing" trade?

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Open trade which is in a loss

--- 帖子 #612 ---
If you read Laura's journal you will find a section on management, plus the thread is dotted with discussion on management.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...just-a-journal?

Note:

"Loosing" =
verb
gerund or present participle: loosing1.

set free; release.

"the hounds have been loosed"

Similar:

free, set free, unloose, turn loose, set loose, untie, unchain, unfasten

2. fire (a bullet, arrow, etc.).

"he loosed off a shot at the vehicle" Similar:

fire, discharge, shoot, eject, let go, let fly with.
Whereas "LOSING =

fail to win (a game or contest).

"England lost the first Test match"

Similar:

be defeated, be beaten, suffer defeat, be the loser, be conquered, be vanquished, fail ( "it was a losing trade) earn less (money) than one is spending or has spent.

"the paper is losing £1.5 million a month"

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Often confused with a "LOSING" trade

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Modified the indicator. Settings are now available.
Attached File(s)   !SM_Daily_HiLo.ex4

12 KB
|
308 downloads

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Compared with this indicator, gives exact same entry plus additional multiple signals for slowpokes.

What do you think of it?

No squiggly lines which require mathematical manipulation of the Price data

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Looks like 10ema close and 10ema open!! Works good on the H1 chart forex !  Have traded it successful in the past!!

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Yes, you are correct!!  Same entry signal, but what you do AFTER the entry is where you make money!

--- 帖子 #618 ---
New Journal Entry: Seeing The Light

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13601843

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Hi all, Wonderful thread going here. Wondering if anyone is a Thinkorswim user that can help with getting this setup on that platform? I can get the channels set up but not the EMA of the Williams % on the lower indicator. Thank you for any help in advance!

--- 帖子 #620 ---
The ma may filter bad trades but it s not "do it and you get better results"!

You can try 100-200 period

Also RSI over/under 50 is a common used filter...

A good help is tradingview where you can simulate your trades and see the results...several channels on youtube do this with 100 trades to test a strategy!

I ll watch your journal how your strategy works...in my eyes a trade explorer would be better...why not do such a thing?

Wish you the best

Greetings from Munich, R.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Good morning everyone - a new week beckons!

I'm aware that people have asked for more information on trade management so I intend to post some trades I'm in before I close out (both potential winners and potential losers), with a focus on how I intend to manage/close the trade.

Let's start with oil. A long trade on standard mode (entry at red upward arrow). With hindsight, I got into the move a bit too late perhaps. But I'm in now so what next?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We're about to get negative daylight but that alone won't shake me out of the trade. For me to be proven wrong and exit with a loss, I will want to see a clear cross of the -50 line by the slow moving average.

Will update on the outcome of the trade when I close.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Today's trade

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Took a loss on oil. Sometimes I will look for what I call a 'graceful exit' and I'll hopefully have one this week I can show you. But in this case, I was plain wrong/late with my long so onto the next opportunity.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Talking of next opportunity, I'm short Dow. Will update when I close out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Update on Dow trade - out +35 at potential support. It looks like it will continue dropping without me, but that's okay.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #626 ---
last week and todays trades on eu

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Good day Laura. You're such an examplary mentor to follow!

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Giving oil another try. Long at upward red arrow. Will update when I close out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Also in Dax short. Will update when I can.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hi Laura, great stuff as always. Took the same DAX trade on 1 min for 30 pips.

Baz

--- 帖子 #631 ---
I don't know "Daylight",please explain to me

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Thank you Laura for sharing your knowledge with us. I have run a backtest on EURUSD and AUDNZD from 2019 to 2021.

Entry rule: enter when both W%R and the green and red moving averages agree. i.e. there is enough daylight between both pair of lines.

Exit when the green line crosses the red line on the other side.

Safety stop loss placed on a swing low/ swing high that is reasonable away from the entry.

Timeframe uses is the 4hr. Test bank was of 10,000.

Its early but by just taking mechanical trades and following the system's rules, it has returned a profit of 20% on EURUSD, while on AUDNZD it managed to move from a maximum drawdown of 6% to a closing profit of 9%.

The data used for back testing is from dukascopy using a fixed spread of 3 pips.

Of course there is no psychological factors during a backtest.

Hope this little test supports all the knowledge that you are sharing with us.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Got a couple larger timeframe trades going from the 4 hr charts.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Start reading from page one.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
swingtrade65, thanks for posting.

A couple of questions re RSI chart bars:

1. Do you use the same settings for all TFs?

2. Are the settings you are using:

RSI period: 8

RSI price: 4

Overbought 52

Oversold 48

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Yes, that is correct

--- 帖子 #637 ---
its not showing everything in my system

--- 帖子 #638 ---
another one

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Thanks for this.

I've also been seeing some nice results when testing the 4H timeframe, so it's great to see your research confirm that. For many people, trading shorter timeframes won't be an option.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Sorry guys - I started today with good intentions about posting some open trades but life got in the way.

I'll update my charts later but, in summary, I've had 2 Dax winners, 2 Oil losers, 2 Dow winners, 1 Nasdaq winner and 1 Gold loser. Currently in a Dax short and Oil short, both in profit so far.

Hopefully tomorrow I'll have less distractions and be able to continue highlighting the management of trades in progress.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Hey Laura,

Just stumbled upon your thread. Nice work here. I thought I'd try and see if I have the idea. Trading the 4hr.

Sorry my chart looks a bit different. I've kind of combined your 8ema roadmap channel with the aggressive daylight Williams %R. Green and blue are the 200 and 100 and the yellow is the .7 fib bands. Just seeing what looks good for now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Wondering you are Thinkorswim user that can help with getting this setup on that platform? I can get the channels set up but not the EMA of the Williams % on the lower indicator. Thank you for any help in advance!

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hi, Frost.

Would you mind drawing a vertical line through your entries as I cannot judge the position of your oscillator without that line.

18-Momentum is an interesting setting.

Thanks for responding.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Hi Hercs.

its very simple. for buys mometum should be above 100 lvl, and for sell it should be down 100 lvl.

the same idea of the Laura's basics rules of daylight, but for me momentum is more comfortable. i trade this setup only at 15m,and only with higher tf bias

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Hi Barraka,

How can I get the line (Gold line) in your window one indicator

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Been busy with things other than trading today but seeing if I can catch a little move prior to NY close.

Short Dax at red arrow. Will update when I close.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Also long Brent Oil - 5m standard version:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Small loss on Dax but profit on Oil more than covered it.

I probably shouldn't have been trading Dax 'off hours' but I had a feeling it might attack yesterday's high. Clearly I was wrong

Days where you don't get a chance to trade much can be dangerous as you start to 'itch' to put on trades when you are in front of the screen. Fortunately I'm out unscathed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Currently short oil from the red arrow. I should have got out of bed earlier to catch the move properly, but I think there might be a bit more juice left in it yet.

Will update when I close out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Also short Dax - 5m standard version:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Scaled out of Dax. +32 on first position and +67 on second. Still in Oil.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Hey Laura I want to ask how you pick the trrades do you trade only 4 pairs or2 or your lokking SR zones and when the price is near them you look the daylight, or only looking the MA.......I havent see any explenation about it

--- 帖子 #654 ---
As you have just subscribed to the thread the best advice is to Read her journal thread - it's all in there.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Hi,

Good question. I'm unsure how useful posting my trades are as they are often quite straightforward and dull.

Part of the answer takes me back to Roadmap days and my Journal. I look at market structure primarily. In Daylight terms, I then look at the smoothed moving averages in the sub-window and see how they appear. In today's trades, I noticed that both market structure and the smoothed MAs were accommodative for further downside.

I tend to not trade currencies too often these days. I also tend to limit my active short-term trades to only two open at a single time. It means I can give them the required focus/management as I'm not having to look at too many markets.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Took profit on Oil. Gave a bit back as I thought it had a bigger drop in it, but wasn't to be.

In terms of why I exited, it's all down to market structure again. The formation of a higher low and then higher high suggested a turnaround (which is currently unfolding as I type).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Currently pyramiding short orders on Dax. Happening too quickly to keep updating charts but I'll update when I close out.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
i agree and also prefer the old roadmap more for my trading. it supports me in my orientation where we are.

in my eyes a proper analyses of what is left, S&R and trend feeling are the most important parts for longterm success.

i stay with my GU 1minute trading and again your introduced "approach" like daylight helps me a bit more to catch the train(s) each day.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
I think you make an important distinction between Roadmap and Daylight. For the reasons you mentioned, I'd certainly encourage new readers of this thread to learn the basics of Roadmap first. As you say, it automatically forces you to think of the bigger picture, and to see current moves in context.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Update on Dax. I've been taking little chunks of profit as the instrument dropped. Total profit +313 points.

It's gone quiet now but watching closely in case we have a new leg down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Bought Dow at red arrow. Obviously a counter-trend trade, so I won't give it too much wiggle room.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDCAD sell? To confirm the trade I use a template another template, which is more visual than Price action, but I use it with the same purpose.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In that case, the template shows a clear downtrend at AUDCAD so if the agresive template give the chance, i'll take the trade. And as i'm trading with the trend, it's realistic going for 20-30 pips (I think).

Hope this helps. If anybody want, I'll share the template.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Out of Dow +41. Starting to struggle a little at Yesterday's Low.

I forgot to mention, it's worth grabbing the Yesterday's High/Low indicator from the Roadmap thread if you don't already use it. These levels are very important.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Hi PetroPol, thank you for this new strategy you just shared. I observed a number of arrows - green arrows pointing

upwards. Are they showing a bullish signal or what? Confused a bit, since you're shorting the pair!

You promised sharing the template - please I'm interested. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Please message him/her privately if you are interested in that template. It has nothing to do with Daylight and I don't want the thread to become full of distractions.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Good example of how price action can be traded in both directions on same day.

Please note that I'm currently using 5m charts in Standard mode. Price action lately has been more suited to Standard than Aggressive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #667 ---
You can only be net long or net short in the market, trading on both directions is impossible.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
AUDCAD in a clear downtreand (H4).

Good trade today. Waiting for +20 pips, moving the SL to +5 pips.

I'm doing it in my real account but just with 0,01. I'll be increasing the lots with time.

-Want to thanks Laura for the system. Great contribution to FF (also with the Journal and the Roadmap). Really apreciate your work!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Hi Laura, is there any reason you have removed the 5MA channel from your standard charts?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Hey,

Well spotted! I find I can envisage whether red or green would be on top by looking at price action, so decided to make my charts cleaner and remove them. They are still useful guides for those that require them though.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
You misunderstand.Maybe English is not your first language. In simple terms:

First trade is short. The next trade is long. ( Total of two trades)

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Wow! Are you clever and thanks for opening my eyes!!

If it were not for you i would have been tempted to trade in both directions ON THE SAME DAY!! Thanks again you saved me a lot of money!! And now you can look for another thread to annoy, please!!

--- 帖子 #673 ---
yeah I know. Well late to this party.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+65 pips on GBPUSD

--- 帖子 #675 ---
hey guys,

so am i right in saying that we use the ADR to determine roughly the better pairs to trade on the day ? if so would someone be able to give a brief description on what to look for on the ADR please... thank you in advance

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Yes and No......Yes, ADR can be helpful in selecting the pair(s) to trade. We need volatility to trade. Yes, ADR can help with an intraday trade for exits and to make sure that there is room for the trade to move.  If a pair has used 90% of it's range already, probably not a lot left in it for the day.   Finally No, if you are trading larger timeframes, ADR does not matter as much I dont think because you will be in for several days and each days range is somewhat irrelevant as long as it is not "abnormal" like extremely large or small

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Just wanted to ask Laura again about this trade setup to see if I had the general idea.  Might have been missed yesterday.  I think I might have entered a couple of bars to early but it was just below a round number so thought it might fall immediately.  As it turned out I could have gotten in cheaper...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Apologies. Must have missed this before.

Yes, valid entry. Hindsight is always perfect of course, so you can now see there was a retracement you could have waited for. But, for all you knew at the time, it could have dropped like a stone.

Nice trade.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Thanks Laura,

I won't post a lot to keep the background noise at a minimum.  Will be mostly trading currencies on 4H so will be interesting to see how they play out.

Again thanks for the thread and wish you much success.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Please do keep us updated. I'm particularly keen to hear how the longer term trades progress, and I'm sure others are too.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
USDCHF on 4H TF. Got out bit early but still working on exits.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
AUDUSD SHORT.......H4 aggressive mode......

-50 levels cross........rooted in massive Daylight trading........A genuine breakout is followed by a big, bold candle.

Happy trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Nice trades guys - keep them coming!

--- 帖子 #684 ---
It's very useful especially when you include rationale for entry and exit. It's also useful to include the losers as you have begun to do.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #685 ---
That's helpful feedback, thank you.

A lot of the trades turn out to be self-explanatory (or maybe just to me as I'm taking them!), but I will try to include more text about why I'm getting in and getting out.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
That would be great, thanks. You explain things very logically, which is a great benefit. No doubt there is some discretionary element informed by years of experience, that's understood of course.

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Think I got a lucky one there. +18. Closed at the BRN

Sorry Laura I changed the colours as your template is too bright for me.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Hi Laura I also find inserting your inputs is very helpful to understand the details of this stratregia. Thanks for your time devoted to us

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Good Morning Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBPUSD  Target achieved

--- 帖子 #690 ---
My live trade... Lets see how it goes

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Almost hit my Tp

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Closed Manually since price momentum dies down

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Just take this trade again

hoping that price goes down a bit..

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Wow, so fast, stop lost move to BE

--- 帖子 #695 ---
XAU/USD - cross & retracement to previous high Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #696 ---
I dare not to trade this one for the time being, it eats me up often

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Where was the daylight?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Just take this trade again, downward momentum dies down and I hope it goes up.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
I agree :-) ,after that cross I expected significant retracement  to a previous high at least, which I have back tested and results gave high probability.I just went for it.....as I type  XAUUSD pullback with a 38 pips wick lol to remove all hope of going long,but experience in the market is the best teacher.Took profit before manipulation,closing small profits consistently. Imagine a batsman making runs throughout his career 50s,60s,70s,80s in between he scores centuries when conditions are right, keep frustrating the broker/bowler,smash every one when you have the chance,look for the perfect line and length.

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Hi Laura - thanks for an interesting strategy and to let you know that it is proving successful. I still have problems with Market Structure as this is discretionary! More on this if you can.

The way I have been trading is to look for an aggro signal (this example is a SELL) on say a 5 minute with the red/blue MA above the -50 : the blue has crossed under the red with daylight. Then check confluence on the next time frame - the Red/Blue should also be above the -50 and have been reasonably wide but the gap is starting to close - obviously there has not been an aggro signal on this time frame yet.

Have found this to be a good place to enter with half lots - then if price goes back into channel, add the other half.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Hi,

Your approach seems solid and I'm very glad to hear it's successful thus far.

I did a very basic introduction to market structure on the Roadmap thread previously:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post12929315

Which specific elements of market structure would you like me to expand upon? Happy to do so once I know which areas to focus on.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Took this "channel failure" a bit early but thought since its been riding the SMA200 down...

Any critique is welcome.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Got lucky on Gold +46

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Example of a 50 line cross down not taken.  Just not where I think I want to be with that range action.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Another lucky one GC +32

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Doing good today. EA +17

--- 帖子 #707 ---
This one not so hot. EC +8.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Yes, really ugly.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Nice results.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
NFP 13 mins time. Be careful.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Example of not watching the trades. AC -10 Notice the spiky candle at NFP time

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Yeah short TF trades are probably best closed prior to NFP.  My 4h trades can hopefully ride it out.  Plus its Friday so I'm seeing some end of week sell off.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Remember it's the Independence Day 4th of July weekend for the US as well.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
This system has got potential.  Nice work Laura keep it up. Just need to work on the exits now and avoid too much chart watching as I am getting behind in my real job.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Well done. Hopefully the day job isn't suffering too much!

--- 帖子 #716 ---
XAU/USD Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Not too excited about entering on Friday.  But NFP was good news for USD and other parameters seem to be in play.  The 50 was crossed a few bars back but I managed to wait for the retrace to the bottom of the channel...   As always, comments are welcomed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Hi Spyderman, I find once NFEC has calmed down there are trades to be had. I have taken 85 pips on DOW since 3.30 GMT

Baz

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Looking left you would have drawn in a range and seen it would win no beauty contest. A good example to avoid.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Nice chart Spyder,you broker the barrier of confluence my friend:-)

NFP - although the figure was GREEN in respect of the forecasted and previous data released,average hourly earnings and unemployment rate was not impressive,another eason USD didn't gain the bullishness we would expect from positive dollar.Same salary,larger labor force out in June.The overall problem is supply in goods and services and not demand.IMF suggested to slow bond purchasing by the FED,we can see that and this is main fuel for rise in gold and silver for the next 6 months to say the least.

Ok back to the charts,nice work,keep it up!!! Avengers assemble! No! don't send me your temple I will use my own.....just joking lol

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

DJIA

--- 帖子 #722 ---
USDCAD SHORT.......H1 aggressive mode......

It's the -50 levels cross for Me....... that's was why I have to delay my entrance..... although there was support after the big, bold candle (breakout candle) and had to wait for break of that support too.......in summary I needs to delay my entrance because:

1. Support.

2. Red line has not yet cross the -50 levels after the breakout candle.

Happy weekend

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Here you go with indicators for ThinkorSwim platform (Dark Format):

Here is the indicator for the Moving Averages
http://tos.mx/hRJJOix

Here are the indicators for the Williams %R
http://tos.mx/BKEv3rZ

Here is what they should look like:

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Much respect to you. Thank you so much!

--- 帖子 #726 ---
It seems you are worried about what happened, but you shouldn't.

It will happen many times in the future. Someday you will close the trade early and save the money you already earn. Look at both sides.

You enjoy what you gain. Be glad you didn't lose.

Have nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
You're right of course

Enjoy the weekend

--- 帖子 #728 ---
i agree 100%

boo15 , you closed the trade after a big candle far outside the channel AND before the big red news non farm numbers. good decision. nothing wrong.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Maybe I`m doing something wrong..but there are a lot of so called "false signals" when trying this strategy.

I only tried the 1Hour timeframe because I don`t like trading the noise on lower ones.

As a lot experienced traders say it is important to avoid unnessessery losses.

A good strategy should have a remarkable potential to filter out those angry thinngs.

I tried to add a 200sma as an additional filter and only trade in the direction of the main trend.

Then you will notice that you are going to miss some good opportunities in reverse direction and the win rate of this strategy will decrease immensely.

Should I try only higher timeframe like H4 or is this strategy only made for lower timeframes??

What are your methods to make your entries more safe or to avoid so called false signals?

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Try MTF Bias
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #731 ---
.

Baxter,

The H1 timeframe you're trading off is ok.....I trade off H1 timeframe too...... but all I do is to look for Trend, Strength and Momentum when taking my entries. The 200EMA is considered a key indicator by traders and market analysts for determining the overall long-term trend. The price level in a market that coincides with the 200EMA is recognized as a major support when price is above the 200EMA or resistance when price is below the 200EMA........so when the price is far away from the 200EMA you may still takes your trade.....even if opposite the main trend........and if price is very close to the 200EMA like less than 10pips......All you need to do is wait for the price to break the 200EMA.....once price has break it....... you're good to enter your trade.

This trading method is loving.......and combined Trend trading with Breakout trading to generate a decent opportunities on virtually all market conditions.

Therefore you're on course........look for trending market that's has a lot of strength and Momentum.

Happy weekend

--- 帖子 #732 ---
@fxrabbi and @BlackNapkins

Thank you for your advice,,I already use a 200 sma and I think there will be no big difference by using 200EMA.. but I will try!

Do you use additional indicators for Trend Strength ( like RSI or TSI)  and for Momentum (MACD or others) in your strategy?

I will stay on the 1HOUR and take care of the distance between price and EMA.

The MTF Analysis might be of help. Will try it and see if the results improve.

Thank you so much for help and ideas, really appreciated.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Baxter,

The 200EMA/200SMA are almost the same..... just choose one.

For your Strength and Momentum.......The Daylight is enough...... it's depends on the way you understand the trading signals.......

1. Strength.....both MA (blue and red lines) are above -50 for strong long.....and below -50 levels for strong short..... When both MA are above the -50 levels.....this means both the short-term trend and long-term trend are strong Long...... opposite for Short trade.

2. Momentum.....the wider the space between the two MA (blue and red lines) the better for momentum........you can never see me taking trades with a tiny Daylight........and watch out for big, bold candle that break the Channel above/below.

Happy weekend

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Baxter,

those RSI I have on my template are not related to this strategy, that why are minimized ...

I made some testing earlier of Laura T Daylight methodology, suggest to check it and spent on it some time. I think it will be useful.

Results are enclosed here in this thread, you will find them easily.

You find there how MTF approached make Hit rate better for me...

Have nice weekend

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Thank you for this. I will add a link to the first post.

And nice to 'see' you again! I hope you're doing well.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
In addition to the helpful advice offered by others, I'm going to be posting another approach that might assist you. I will use 1H timeframe to demonstrate.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Hi Laura,

Sure thing on the indicators, enjoyed the coding challenge.

The usual busy life and having isolated moments to trade. Now following the daylight approach to see for an opportunity to add to my current opportunities to trade.

Look forward to this thread building more skills for everyone.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Using Fast Moving Average To Enter Trends

Here is another way you can use the information contained on the charts to time entries. For these examples, I've used the hourly timeframe, a Smoothed 100 moving average and the aggressive settings. The principle should apply across timeframes and settings however.

When you decide you are in a directional trend (via the SMMA100, SMA200, MTF analysis, Barraka's dashboard or some other method), you wait for the fast moving average to travel to the 'wrong' side of the -50 line and back again. This provides your entry point. Below I've included some chart examples with manually added arrows to demonstrate those entry points.

No approach is perfect, and this is no exception, but for those struggling to pick a directional bias it might be of assistance. Please feel free to ask if any questions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Tested USDGBP from 2016 - 2020. Trades taken on the 4hr timeframe. Trades were mechanically taken, with a number of rules to reduce losses. There wasn't a large number of trades but if it shows to be robust on a good number of pairs it might be promising.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Thank you for posting your test results on 4H timeframe.

You took a 5year testing period an got an average positive yearly "income" of about  500 dollars.

The profit factor was near 1.2.

From my expectation of trading forex I would say that isn`t really great.

It`s positive ..ok..ok.. better than other strategies.

Did you test other pairs as well or did you test the system on lower timeframes?

I know I have to invest the work myself to see the outcome but after some research and test

the results were not that great either.

I thought I`m doing the things wrong...but now we should trust in Laura`s experience.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
This is the only pair I've tested over 5 years with a few rules to reduce losses. Each trade's risk is 1% of the capital that is approximately $100 risk per trade. Having carried out 275 trades the total return is of about 9% of the total investment (traded money not capital). If this result can be about the same on a good number of currency pairs, and assuming that about the same number of trades are taken on the other currency pairs. We can deduce that at least the number of trades taken will be 5x more. It is not much still, but the returns would have been 5x as much. Trading with a proprietary firm with a capital of 300K and banking half of 9% per year of the total traded money would be a nice extra money.

The trades where based on standard entries/system.

My rules for this test where:

Rule1:- R:R 1:1 (exits for me are a bit difficult to decide. If I had left the trades to run till the chart emas cross in the opposite direction I would have ridden some long trades but also lost more. This needs to be tested.)

Rule2:- Take a trade only when the candle closes on the green ema for long and vice versa for short. There must be daylight on both the W%R and the two chart emas. If there is no daylight on the %R wait up to 2 other candles from the first one that crossed the green ema. If there is no daylight on the close of the 3rd candle (counting the one after the cross) do not take the trade.

Rule3:- If the distance between the candle close and the green ema is larger than the 4hr ATR do not take the trade.

If anyone can suggest improvements on further test that I will take (when time permits) I would greatly appreciate it.

Again thank you Laura for sharing your success and inspiring us all.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Guys,

Got the MQL4 book out and trying to add an alert to the MA cross indi. Doesnt seem to be working just yet. Any assistance would be appreciated. I copied the alert from another working indi. compiles ok but no alerts yet.

double range = iATR(NULL,0,10,i);

double maFast = iMA(NULL,0,FasterMA,0,MAMode,MAPrice1,i);

double maSlow1 = iMA(NULL,0,SlowerMA,2,MAMode,MAPrice2,i);

double maSlow2 = iMA(NULL,0,SlowerMA,2,MAMode,MAPrice3,i);

CrossUp[i] = EMPTY_VALUE;

CrossDown[i] = EMPTY_VALUE;

State[i] = State[i+1];

if (maFast>maSlow1) State[i] = 1;

if (maFast<maSlow2) State[i] = -1;

if (State[i] != State[i+1])

if (State[i] == 1)

{ CrossUp[i] = Low[i] -range/2.0;
if(i == 1 && Time[1] != time_alert) myAlert("indicator", "Buy"); //Alert on next bar open
time_alert = Time[1];

}

else {CrossDown[i] = High[i]+range/2.0;
if(i == 1 && Time[1] != time_alert) myAlert("indicator", "Sell"); //Alert on next bar open
time_alert = Time[1];

}}

return(0);

EDIT: I think i might have solved it now. Wait for market open

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dax short I took this morning. Wanted to highlight this trade to show that it's beneficial to have a degree of flexibility in relation to how we trade Daylight.

I was trading 5m Aggressive mode and you'll see from the chart that the fast moving average was above the slow moving average. However, the slow moving average was below -50. A lower high had been made and support had been broken. I expected price to want to test Friday's Low (dotted line).

There was a shakeout attempt, taking out that lower high but, crucially, the overnight structure was not broken. This convinced me to stick with my position. Eventually banked 59 points when it started to form a base below Friday's Low.

Although I've tried to ensure Daylight assists you with your entries and exits, there is no denying the fact that an appreciation of price action, market structure and the overall context of an instrument will deliver better profits (once proficient) than a mechanical approach will.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Have just received a signal on EJ-H4 and placed a pending order at 131.750. I think all conditions have been met.

Edit: Pending order expired unfilled.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Having a go on UJ short H1 chart.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I noticed this trade too this morning on M15, paper trading only as not traded indices before, nice clean move down. I have found this system to give me extra confidence to enter trades but I don't always wait for the WPR if we have had a break and retest to the channel.

Many thanks for this strategy Laura.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
I agree that if traded as a mechanical system it will produces little return or even BE overall, as shown by my test. I have no experience in reading the market structure, so I am doing these test to 1st help me learn a little, as I question myself why a market has moved in a particular direction or non at all, and secondly build confidence with this system. Your comments about why you entered a trade with relation to price structure are helpful. At least for me.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Hi 40PipsAlan, seems to be working just fine

Baz

--- 帖子 #749 ---
The file I posted is the same as the original one boss. Just lacking print and push alerts for MA arrows, which I feel would be of benefit to tell me something is happening rather than keep monitoring the charts. My coding skills are pretty basic and this one is eluding me somewhat. It is still not working but

I have another MA alert indi which is similar with the arrow positions.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
The WPR I use has arrows and alerts for the -50 cross, the alerts come a bit early but I trade 1 min charts so that suits me. The 5ssma arrows combine to give a good indication of a trade set up. I know Laura does not want loads of indicators cluttering up charts but as the WPR is already being used in the system so I thought it might be ok to mention it.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
entered this as a bounce off of the S38 pivot  & checked the 5 min daylight - kind of interesting.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
@LauraT

Taking your DAX chart from this morning :

where did you know from that the first 3 arrows shown on the chart are misleading

and the 4th arrow is the right one to enter..( the 4th arrow does not have a higher probability than the others..) I don`t get the point..............

Please.. need your help.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Sorry for any confusion. Please ignore those arrows as they are something new I'm testing.

My entry was due to a break of support and bearish structure.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
So based on your test, some of your assumptions are correct, but some are not. This is my opinion only and if you take it with a dollar bill to McDonalds you can get a cup of coffee.

Let me say first that your mechanical test is a really good first step. It gives you enough confidence in the bare bones of the system to spend more time working on learning the nuances of the system. Now, what should you do next? Why paper trade it of course (or very small lot if you like). You must demonstrate to yourself that you are capable of taking signals and adhering to the trading plan. (Discipline)

Once you can do these things to your satisfaction, you are ready to learn how to make money with this method.

Now, the reason some of your tests are not valid for me is that I simply would not take many of the trades that a mechanical system generates because of....wait for it.....Market Structure. This is where the rubber meets the road and the money is made. So what exactly are we talking about when I say market structure. Let me give you an example of a trade I am in and the decision process behind why I waited after the actual signal because of market structure.

I am short the EURCAD from a 4hr chart.

This first chart is the reason there have been no entries on this pair for a while......Sucker Soup
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So why did I take this signal, but not when it first occurred.

This signal was just like the previous 7-10.....mixed in the soup...UNTIL it exited the green box to the downside with a sharp sell off.

I waited to see if it would retrace inside the channel, if not, oh well

I just so happens the top of the channel was in the same area as the bottom of the green box which should now act as resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Maybe this will help someone a little bit

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Market structure is a "BIG WORD"..nobody knows in advance if a trend will change and when this will happen orwhen does price

go to form a so called range.

Drawing a box in hindsight isn`t that difficult and putting a long term EMA on charts to see main direction is surely done

by most traders.

As you can see on your own charts you missed some nice opportunities and I think ...and that is only my personal view..

that this strategy proposed bys Laura was designed to be used as a daytrading approach.

Laura may correct me if I`m wrong.

Same problems occur when talking about "Price Action". There will be always a lot of "lonesome thinking"  in individual decisions.

Take for example the Engulfing Patterns or Dojies etc.. It really matters where those patterns occur.

There are some researches about the success rate of those and the results are desillusioning.

The same is true for Fib`s and even for support and resistance.

This is the reason I like "mechanical or algorythmic " systems.

They take out all that stuff.  Just my personal view.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Ready for the next serving of sucker soup. trading on independence day is not recommended it would seem.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
And how successful have you been with those "mechanical or algorythmic" systems?

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Very good points there ST.  The only thing I would comment on is the coffee.  Unless you want a small, you can't even get that for a dollar...

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Sure, it is a BIG WORD as is the concept, but in reality it is something that is being done every day by people right here in front of you. It is called situational awareness. Do you ever sit down in a pub without knowing where the exits are as well as the restrooms? If so, why?

Do you not take great care knowing where you left your car in the mall parking lot

If you are entering trades without knowing the context you and a mechanical system will fail.

Who cares about a missed trade or even ten or a hundred missed opportunities when they are literally limitless.

I chose to not trade in an environment where I don't feel as if I have an advantage.

However, you are absolutely spot on when you said that dojies engulfing etc are "it really matters where those patterns occur"   This is exactly my point!!!!!!!!

I will stop here since it seems we actually agree based on your statements

--- 帖子 #760 ---
That's pretty spooky as I was thinking of asking your view as to if there is a good PA signal then would you be more flexible in 'anticipating' the indis, which you have now answered thanks. In any event the 50 line seems much more important than the fast MA, although that helps with timing naturally.

It's a good structure you have laid out for us with Roadmap & Daylight. I have basically carried over the Williams indis to Roadmap as I like the bias the channel crosses (& failures) of 200 SMA can give in the right circumstances. It's a shame that for 4H trading that the ADR hi/low, daily open and yesterday hi/low are less relevant, as these lines help the daytrader a lot I think as you have shown us. Besides drawing S&R lines on the 4H and higher to get a guide as to taking or locking in profit, plus trendlines & structure, I'm not sure what else can be done. Could ADR hi /low be scaled up i wonder to work on 4H? It works so well on lower TFs as a place to take profit or at least monitor very closely.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Do you generally like to wait for a retrace and then a bounce from support turned resistance & vice versa? I suppose this is more necessary following a large candle that could otherwise be a fakey.....

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Yes, context is everything. Rules are there to be broken (in the right circumstances and when you fully realise why you are breaking them).  For example, I often trade the -50 line but I also love catching crossovers of the fast and slow when the fast is coming back from 'extreme' levels (-20/-80).

In terms of 4H trading, we do have Yesterday's High/Low. Those levels will always be relevant, regardless of timeframe used. But I do know what you mean about ADR. Although it's less visually appealing and less help as a timing tool, it can still be used on 4H charts to pinpoint the expected highs or lows.

There is another tool you might want to have a play with. I've attached it below. It calculates 3 probability highs and 3 probability lows based on ATR. You can define the time period the levels are valid for (daily, weekly etc). Unfortunately it doesn't have a history function, so the only way to check how accurate it might be is to forward test.

Attached File(s)   ATR probability levels.ex4

18 KB
|
764 downloads

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Muchas gracias Laura and I will experiment with the ATR probability levels.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Today was quiet across many instruments due to holiday etc but here are a couple of examples:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #765 ---
As a general rule I don't. I would much rather jump on a run away train. Yes, big range bars can be tricky I think

--- 帖子 #766 ---
At the beginning of this thread Laura explained several exit methods.

Which one is the preferred  and did someone already test these options?

Laura, what is your personal preference concerning exits and which entry method gave you the best results till now.

Which timeframe is really the best for this strategy by test?

Is there a specific pair on which this strategy performs best?

I know..a lot questions.. but maybe with great answers!!

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Don't take this as a personal attack because that is the furthest thing from my mind.

I am really, really trying to help you with my answers.

If I come across as harsh, I apologize! Laura can be the judge on that I guess

*Which one is preferred is YOUR choice...not anyone else

*Which timeframe is really the best? You are asking someone else to do a LOT of testing over many markets and you just show up and ask... they tell you a magic answer of 15 min timeframe and you make money. Sorry, wont happen

*Which pair is the best? The one that YOU learn to trade. Once again you are asking someone else to do all of your work for you. Rubbish mate. I simply cannot trade the Cable for shit.....but a lot of folks here do well with it....sooooo, I dont trade cable. You will find these answers for yourself as you trade the method.

Take the framework and make it fit for you because how I or anyone else trades it doesn't mean anything for you, I hope you truly understand that?

How many actual trades have you taken based on this method? What happened? Did you win or Lose? Why did you win or lose IN YOUR OPINION

If you are willing to do some work, we will all help you but you gotta get in the game and learn this stuff. Show us a chart with a completed trade that was a loser or a winner and we will walk through why it won or lost as a group. Sometimes there is no answer because the market has a mind of its own....move on to the next one.

Many pips!

--- 帖子 #768 ---
This is the best post I have read this month..... Many thanks

Forex is simple:

DO IT YOURSELF...... Everything we give or get here is just head-up.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #769 ---
AW, you're so mean!!!

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Take it and run or leave it to run? that's the question!

--- 帖子 #771 ---
With this picture...... You're the baddest.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Hi Laura,

Is this mladen ATR Probability Levels indicator?

Regards,

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Given the USA holiday on Monday, there may be pent-up demand, and the market may surge when it does open.

What I would do is go back over the last few years of the DOW and see what happens to the market after a long weekend

If it was me, I would leave it run but obviously a tight stop, you can always get back in.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Sure looks like it, not hard to find

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Hello LauraT,

Please which broker do you use for indices?

thanks

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed after several rejections from yesterdays high

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Just an observation. GJ looks to be trying to break resistance of 154.0

https://www.tradingview.com/x/xk88GkwD/

--- 帖子 #778 ---
@swingtrade65

Thank you for the time you spend to answer my questions.

Of course I`m willing to put effort myself into finding out what works for me..(or not).

I got your point.

On the other hand I thought that a FORUM like this is a way to exchange knowledge if one is willing to do.

Showing nice charts with winning trades can`t be the approach.

But I think I`m in the wrong place and my expectations are a bit too foolish.

What you wrote is:ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS ALWAYS YOURSELF:

I will do that.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Hi Laura, the ATR probability indicator was spot on in my winning Dax trade + 50 pips this morning. Thank you for that,

Baz

--- 帖子 #780 ---
i came back from the toilet just in time and when i saw the pivot and bar, i smoothed out with +20.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Any suggestions as to the time frame to set it, or should it coincide with the time frame of the chart?

--- 帖子 #782 ---
it's trying but it wants to do the London stop hunt first, drops at least 50 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Excellent summary Erebus

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Glad to hear it helped!

I don't want to hype the indicator as it's just a tool like any other, but it can be useful for establishing where price is on a daily basis and what the potential room up or down might be.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Depends which timeframe you are trading really. For anything up to 1H, the Daily should be fine.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
EURUSD - All thats needed  price action and common sense

I didn't believe that 5/13 smoothed moving averages gave amazing regular and hidden divergences

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #787 ---
at least we get hints...and hints are very important in this game;-)

--- 帖子 #788 ---
GBPUSD - Indestructible  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #789 ---
AUDUSD - Interest Rates Decision

I wait until data is released and get accurate market direction after panic and fear

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Still running.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
CADJPY SHORT.......USDCAD Long H1 aggressive mode......

-50 levels cross........rooted in massive Daylight trading........All that takes me to learn a trading method......is to study the entry points and exit points.....I started making real money when I started studying over 10,000 charts of great traders here on FF...once again trading is: DO IT YOURSELF.

Happy trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Nice results folks - great to see.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Many thanks to you Madam.........for this great trading method......very simple and profitable.......if we can put in the hard work by studying all your charts here in this thread.....especially your entry points and exit points....Most of my trading experience come from studying great traders charts (entry and exit points).....trader like you.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #794 ---
I haven't tested it out yet, so I can't speak for its effectiveness. But there is an interesting piece of coding on this thread:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ging-condition

Perhaps it will help some people identify those less than ideal trading conditions we should avoid.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
I didn't get around to posting any trades during the day, sorry about that. However, I couldn't sleep tonight so thought I'd discuss a trade as people seem to want to know more about entries, trade management and exits.

The trade itself is nothing special but it does contain quite a few reference points that I think are worth highlighting. I've marked up the chart as follows:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's start on the left hand side of the chart. We get a High followed by a Higher High. The trend is still up. The market then makes a Structure Low. By that, I mean the market sold off and then rejected the area and went higher. We now know this area is 'protected'.

As expected in an uptrend, the market confirms the direction by putting in a couple of Higher Lows. Now, the next part takes me back to something I mentioned in passing previously but it probably requires more emphasis so please excuse me for using bold text 'context is everything!' Keep in mind we are in a strong uptrend. What often happens at the end of a strong trend is the market goes from an orderly rise/decline to an exaggerated final push. Otherwise known as an Exhaustion Top or Exhaustion Bottom.

How do we know it's an Exhaustion Top in this case? Well, we don't. Not right away. But we gradually gather the clues. First, the most recent Higher Low is broken. Then we get a Lower High followed by another Lower Low. This should not happen in a healthy uptrend. So, we now believe the tide is turning and there might be a short opportunity. We should jump straight in! Well, no - we really shouldn't. Why? Because of our old friend the Structure Low. We need the market to test it and break it.

We do get the test (twice) of the Structure Low and third time is a charm as it breaks. Some people like to wait for a further re-test from below but I prefer not to risk missing the train so I get in straight away after the break. It then becomes a smooth ride down without much support. However, I was conscious of Yesterday's High sitting just below and realised it was possible the market would react and potentially bounce there.

I watched it closely at that level but it sailed right through, so I stayed in my position. I eventually decided it was time to bail out when I saw two things happening. The market went into a mini consolidation phase (lower highs and higher lows) and then broke that mini consolidation to the upside. That, together with the fact the low held firm, told me the party was over.

Notice that I've not even mentioned Daylight yet. Now let's take another quick look at the sub-window moving averages. The slow moving average went below -50 and the fast moving average stayed under the slow. Perfect conditions for shorting a market. But hopefully you see that, without context, the signal itself isn't enough.

Please let me know if this type of analysis is helpful or not. I'm happy to post a few more examples as the thread progresses if people find it useful.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Previous NzdChf short stopped out.  After break to the upside and return to the trendline break and SMA200 I took this long.  Still getting my legs on this so we'll see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Love the analysis Laura.  Please keep it up.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Very very helpful for me. Thanks alot. Please post more chart of your trades, that will also be very helpful too.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
I dont use this system but look in from time to time

try adding this indi to show trending or consolidating

between lines in consolidating.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
some people like to watch instagram or facebook news.

i prefer to read your analysis, its pure fun! thx.

a musician reads notes, a chartist charts.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
So far so good

Gold bias so far is bullish

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Hello, are settings default to BB?.

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Having a go on Oil.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Hello Friends,

I took a version of this system and tested it for 100 trades in a row taking every trade.  The results are very promising.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Hi,

Thank you for taking the time to test my strategy. Hopefully this will provide some comfort to those who want to know if an inherent edge exists.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Took a small loss on GBPAUD this morning, comments welcome on where I could improve. I probably got out of the trade too early as had I waited I could have exited with a small profit.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
yes, default

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Maybe you got in far too late -fourteen candles too late from the red arrow pointing at the 200ma.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Hi,

Although I understand why you entered there, I'd say you were getting into a move that had already happened.

Try to get in on pretty fresh crosses of the sub-window MAs if you can. That will generally yield better results than entering moves that are already quite extended.

Also, if you look to the left of your chart you'll see that price was entering a bit of a consolidation zone from 5th/6th. That suggested things could get a little messy in that area.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Maybe wait for a sell signal below the 200 SMA?

I also got caught out on this one. H1 chart gave a sell signal and turned instantly.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Having a go on this one too. EN H1 chart

--- 帖子 #812 ---
100 trades have 0 statistical significance.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
When the SMA200 is flat, it won't be much help. Actually better to find other opportunities when encountering that sort of picture. Contrast it with the chart you just posted, where the big moving average is gradually continuing down.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Thanks for all the input, yeh I think I got fixated with price being below 200SMA before entering, instead I should have used 200SMA as a likely TP area.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Sorry this trade has not much to do with "Daylight" system, but couldn't resist ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Funnily enough, I actually used a version of this indicator for another strategy. As far as filters go, I agree it's decent.

However, I recommend anyone using it changes the trigger levels to 0.15 as the default is too sensitive.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
This is my results for June 2021 using Laura T Daylight System.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thank You Laura ...

Stay Green

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Hi Laura, a great entry method, can you tell me the atr multiple you use in the m15 timeframe? . If it's already profitable, will you move SL to BE?

I am using 2xAtr to determine TP. Thanks you,Laura

--- 帖子 #819 ---
In general, at what time frame did you take trades?

--- 帖子 #820 ---
I always click between M5/M15/H1. Constantly. Take trade usually on M5/M15 ...  like to participate in MTF momentum...

--- 帖子 #821 ---
EN Kicked me out for +53

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Hi,

I'm probably the worst person to answer this as my trade management style isn't very conventional

I don't use ATR for my TP or SL as I believe each market situation is unique. I try to take as much as I can from each move I participate in, with one eye on the exit door.

I also am not a fan of moving stops to breakeven. I believe we should try to get paid for every trade we take and I prefer to lock in a small profit. However, it's important not to do this too quickly as a trade should be given breathing room and a tight stop is just asking to be hit.

This is just my approach though, I'm sure others are different.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
You'll have to change your username soon  Well done.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
What system were you using to get in so early?

--- 帖子 #825 ---
WPR sell alert on the H1 chart and then drop to the M5 and wait on another WPR sell alert. Trailing stop EA set at 21EMA for the M5 chart. Probably just lucky

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Trade I just closed out on Oil.

I had noticed earlier in the day that the short-term moving average was below the long-term. I had to wait until the break of structure before getting in though.

Once in, the rough target became Yesterday's Low. I actually missed where I intended to exit (on the spike below Yesterday's Low) but got out on the following bar at a slightly worse price.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Thanks for your sharing . I'm still looking for the best way to take profits

Today, Daylight gave me some profit.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Missed a large lump of this one. EU +12 That last $ news killed off a few trades. Must remember to check the calendar

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Took this one this morning on the H4.  -50 crossover with bounce off the SMA100.  Nice cup and handle structure.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #830 ---
FOMC Party

XAUUSD - last man standing
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Today there were so many good signals..I would love to take them all.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Did you take one of them ?

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Managed to get on this one. GJ

My trail stop EA needs a tweak to something better.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
I decided to just post a batch of this weeks/months trades at one time since they are 4hr trades.

EURUSD. Sold at the top of the channel for a quick short +34
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDJPY. Easy shorts under the 200sma. There are actually 2 trades on this chart. First one +93 2nd closed last night..+133
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURJPY. Another easy sell under the 200sma +116
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURCAD Same trade as EURUSD from above +38
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CHFJPY Got taken out during 5pm NY hour when spreads widen and I didn't adjust my stops for it +8
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Forgot the CADJPY....another short that was a retracement back into the channel  +95

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #835 ---
@turnip15

yes..USDJPN Entry 1.10201 ex. .1.9820 on H1 timeframe

Resistance was broken and enough daylight

Could have done better entry after bear  cross at 1.1051

But I´m still learning

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Nice trade..... 110.20 is not a bad entry...a lot of folks will wait until they see some momentum developing before they get in

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Thanks for posting these. I like 4H TF as well.

Did you have any losing trade?

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Yes, I had a couple of small ones. I am still working on how I trade this but 4hr seems to be where I am most comfortable. I do not mind the larger stops because the rewards are equally as large.  I ran the trade report for the first few days of July.....these results are with .01 size until I have this method locked down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Well done

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Laura, thank you for sharing your trading method! I tried it on H4 and it seems to work nicely on this time frame.

Here are my results from the last 2 days. All the trades were opened with the smallest size possible. All of them were single entry and exit.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Once I moved my SL to BE, and that seemed to be a mistake.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When a new HL or LH were formed, I moved the SL below/above them and that allowed me to be taken out of a trade with a small loss when the market changed direction.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sometimes the price moved nicely and quickly.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And at other times, I lost my patience and closed the trade prematurely.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All together, I'm very happy with the results

--- 帖子 #841 ---
STr

Thanks for posting the 4H trades.  That's what I'm attempting.  If I may ask what type of exit criteria are you using.  That's been the challenge for me.  I was going to go with a cross back of the 50 but that sure eats up the profit.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Laura T, I really enjoyed post 801.  It reminds me that it might be time to reread Primg and see what I can now get out of it after a few years of experience.  I hope you post more of these.

Sorry for the late reply, I'm on vacation

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Nice results.

I'm really not a fan of breakeven stops, for various reasons. Better to lock in a small profit once the floating profit is large enough to still give the trade wiggle room.

In terms of trade management, it's always a work in progress. You will develop more patience as time goes on. Well done on a great start!

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Glad to hear they help. I'll certainly post more when I have trades that are interesting structurally.

Enjoy the vacation!

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Exits are the hardest part and require the most patience and discipline in my opinion.

I am actually using a couple of different exit methods.

First, I trail a stop above the top or below the bottom of the channel while I am away from the screen when it is moving in my direction.

I also use target area(s) for TP while I am not in front of my screen.

When I am in front of my screen, I watch price action around the same areas as my targets and manually exit.

I am now living in the USA so I am able to spend time usually 8-10 am EST and again for the Tokyo open from about 8-10pm EST

I enter most all of my trades during these timeframes.  I use the trailer overnight when I am asleep.

If I had to choose right now what I am finding to be the best for me, I would trail my stop above/below the other side of the channel and use selected targets that offer at least 2:1 RR or greater, preferably 3:1 or more.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Just took this trade on the 4hr

AUDCAD short....it is really interesting to me because of what the monthly looks like

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #847 ---
I see what you mean. All those timeframes are heading down. I'll probably wait for the 4h channel failure and then retrace to the channel (if it does) for an entry.  But I do have it on my screen.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
In addition, when I find a pair like this the first thing I do is to search other pairs from both sides of the trade. What I mean by this is that I start to look at all of the other AUD crosses for signs of setups on the 4hr timeframe. If I find others that have similar looks, I can assume that the AUD is a weak pair and I will look to add good shorts across the AUD complex.   I will then look at all CAD pairs for signs of strength just like I looked for weakness in the AUD.

Why do I do this? Because I want to pile on the weak currency short(s) across the board or vice versa, I want to be buying every setup across the board with the strong currency. If one was to look at all of the trades in the trading summary graphic I posted, you will that the vast majority money and winning trades were based off of two central themes....Strong Dollar and Strong Yen. When you do this, you are trading with the real true movement of currency in my opinion.

The other trades were really just one offs that were there and not part of any central "theme" so to speak.

Hope this makes sense.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
I took the same trade on H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #850 ---
New Journal Post:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13618562

--- 帖子 #851 ---
More interesting thoughts.  Typically you see individuals espousing a "don't enter multiple times on same currency".  But I tend to agree with your assessment and results.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Excellent post. Thank you for everything. And I sincerely wish you all the very best for your health!

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Hi Laura

I've been meaning to ask you if you know of any reference materials i.e. textbooks that you would recommend. You mentioned Raghee Horner at the outset of Roadmap thread i think, but it sounded like you have moved on somewhat.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Ultimately it comes down to risk. If, as swingtrade sets out, a particular currency is firing off buy or sell signals across multiple pairs, that's a sign of a potential edge (and when our edge exists, we want to really push the boat out).

However, as i'm sure swingtrade would agree, we also have to maintain an overall risk profile we are comfortable with. For example, I wouldn't want to risk 1% on each of 6 USD shorts. That's simply too much risk associated with a single currency and an adverse move could do significant damage. But shorting a couple of Dollar pairs at the same time isn't in itself a problem.

I trade indices more than currencies now so, to apply the same principle, I can happily be long or short on two of the three indices I trade (Dow, Dax, Nasdaq) at any given time but never all 3 at once as the risk becomes too imbalanced for my liking.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
That's a tricky one as I no longer read 'trading' books.

I reached a point where I realised that the battle I was undertaking wasn't really against the market, but against myself. By that I mean my strategies weren't really the edge, I was. Which sounds arrogant, so I'll explain

A lot of people are dismissive of trading psychology (or sports psychology/performance psychology or whatever) but I'm a firm believer in the power of it. One thing all manual traders can't escape is themselves. Their fears, hopes, neuroticisms, ego etc etc. I believe we have to find a place of psychological balance to trade to the best of our abilities. Sure, there are also technical factors that are important in terms of entries, trade management and exits. But as soon as a trader clicks the buy or sell button they have some emotional investment in the outcome.

My advice to all traders who aren't yet where they want to be is to find a mentor, if at all possible. The benefits of the guidance and support an effective and reliable mentor can provide are numerous. If that isn't possible (they aren't easy to find), you have a couple of choices. Find a trading partner and support each other along the journey or, better still, become your own trading coach. I am my own trading coach, for better or worse.

One of the things I asked my students to do in the early days was to keep a trading journal and, in addition to their entries and exits, honestly record exactly how they felt during the trade. Some did this task, others didn't. But I believe those who did gained a huge benefit from doing so. Having to consciously check in with yourself during a trade and examine what your thoughts and feelings are, and then document them, is a process I heartily recommend.

A student who achieved funded trader status was someone who took this task very seriously. They gained an insight around their emotional triggers that no textbook could teach. Their dedication to their own development is first class. I don't have any doubts this person will achieve their dream, to make a living from trading.

Sorry, this has perhaps headed in a direction away from your original question  If you want recommendations of resources aimed at self-development I am happy to provide some. Where I can be of little help is recommending anything directly related to the technicalities of trading.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Thanks Laura

You already help enormously with the technicalities of trading in your threads here. I am conscious of the time it takes you to answer individual queries though and had wondered if there was a resource that one could turn to instead that was in line with your thinking on the technicalities, but it seems experience has been your best teacher...

Thank you for reiterating the journal idea. I can see it's a way of bringing reflection and objectivity into the mix and will try this. I know from my own experience how the mind can play tricks when searching for an entry - you look back later and can't understand how you could have made the entry as greed or fear has twisted your interpretation of the charts.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Read Laura's journal, the bit where you are asked to do so many trades and only close when price reaches other side of channel etc. And record your feelings as you do so . You will gain an insight into yourself very quickly :-)

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Thanks for sharing that, I skipped those points at first to absorb the system itself and technicalities, so will revisit for sure.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Laura, could you, please, share your recommendations of resources aimed at self-development? I would be very interested to read them.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Spot on.

You still have to maintain your risk profile and not get yourself into a position that really hurts your ability to trade tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Sure. I'll collect a few recommendations and put them in a Journal post.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
I read your journal with great interest, and also that you often work +12 hours.

as an exchange, here is my daily routine:

as an equally serious trader, it is (almost) impossible for me to work through.

my trading day starts with the frankfurt opening.

then i always take a break of at least 1-2 hours from london midday so that i can return fresh at ny time.

then walking in the woods mostly or taking a coffee somewhere.

(in summertime because its hot i walk early in the morning before the opening of the markets.)

what i miss during this time i gain in fresh energy.

and at the latest when london closes, i turn off the screen and close the shop.

because i don't want to jeopardise my relationship with important people too much, so i keep everything in balance.

and i very rarely hold positions overnight because my sleep is important to me.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Your routine is undoubtedly more healthy than mine

The problem for me a lot of the time is that it doesn't feel like work. Hours can whizz by in a blink. I do take time off when I need it though, or when I want to do something fun. I think lockdown has turned me into something of a hermit though! I am hoping I will be able to ease myself back into the world now things are opening up again.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
that sounds familiar;-)

--- 帖子 #865 ---
New Journal Post - Resources for Traders:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post13619808

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Thank you so much Laura! And thanks to your student for his recommendations!

--- 帖子 #867 ---
AUDJPY LONG.......H1 aggressive mode......

It's the -50 levels cross for Me.......

Happy weekend to All Daylight Traders  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Result so far trading this amazing system. It really helped me filter my manual support and resistance levels. Thanks a lot @LauraT for sharing this amazing system.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Fantastic - well done!

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Your Journal entry "Resources for traders" might like to include this CME simulator for the benefit of anyone here?

https://www.cmegroup.com/education/p...imulator.html#

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Here is a screen print of the simulator.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
LauraT what you have write here is gold.

Since I don't have any coach, some of people I thought they could be my coach come out just a course seller. I have decided to coach my self. To Coach my self I need knowledge about coaching that is why I read "The Daily Trading Coach"

I believe this book will help traders to coach them self.

Some of the chapter I found helpful is here- Self-Monitor by Keeping a Trading Journal Recognize Your Patterns Set Effective Goals Tolerate Discomfort Learn from Your Worst Trades Disrupt Negative Thought Patterns Use Intensive Guided Imagery to Change Thought Patterns Harness the Power of Social Learning Shape Your Trading Behaviors A Behavioral Framework for Dealing with Worry Plan Your Trading Business The Importance of Execution in Trading

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Nice choice (of author and of book) - plenty of wisdom contained in there, for those willing to put in the work.

I think being your own trading coach is a great option, assuming you have the correct frameworks in place or gradually build them via the appropriate research/learning.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
For anyone who cannot get hold of the book for whatever reason, here is Part 1 of a series of videos breaking down elements from the book:

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Check out, www.pdfdrive.com, all books mentioned are available there, free!!

--- 帖子 #876 ---
First trade of the week. UC M15 standard - mid line cross, entered after London open with two positions. exited first near 1.25 and second at price stalling for 71pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #877 ---
fresh scalp on Gold...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #878 ---
And here chart of missed opportunities ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still, +15 pips so there is no reason to complain

Here is my Daylight MT4 profile for GBPJPY.

This is what I see on my monitor
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Anyone else long the Dollar??

--- 帖子 #880 ---
EURUSD SHORT.......H1 aggressive mode......

It's the -50 levels cross for Me.......

The best traders are "one trick ponies". They master one style or one setup and that's enough to make money. They noticed how important focus is and are not interested in changing their appoach.

That's what I want to achieve with the -50 levels cross as a trader.

Happy trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #881 ---
This is a WPR with one SSMA of 5 period ...

This is a MT5 ... steel need one more SSMA of 13

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

for -50 cross will be good enough

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looks I am done for 2day

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Would you take the long on the left of your chart?

--- 帖子 #884 ---
You mean the far left?........Yes, if it's happens within my trading time (London open - London close) and I'm on my trading desk.....I will takes the far away long trade.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Hello Laura,I read your post recently and want you please take care of your health,you're already profitable,income should not be deciding factor on your trading career and nothing can't deny that.This pandemic its been too much sitting at the PC doing all work,not only trading,maybe for others too. Thank you for always being here and trying to make us a better version of yourselves each day,more and more skillful. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

XAUUSD - Its been a while now I didn't interact :-) I have some powerful LTF zones that marked out,looking at H1 as the main TF in mind when viewing Daylight

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Harvesting GBPJPY today ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #889 ---
"I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who had practiced one kick 10,000 times." Bruce Lee

--- 帖子 #890 ---
XAUUSD - M5 broken down from H1 which I posted previously,one of those zones I was waiting on,I decided to go for 50 pips target

Right now price is still on a rally

--- 帖子 #891 ---
AUDUSD SHORT.......H1 aggressive mode......

It's the -50 levels cross for Me.......

When taking the -50 levels cross........I see two things......

1. Momentum.

2. Strength.

Happy trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Nice trades guys. I haven't had a lot to say recently (or a lot of free time) but I'm still keeping a close eye on what's posted here and am encouraged by the progress I see. Keep it up!

--- 帖子 #893 ---
I got on that one too. +22 in amongst several other bad trades. Maybe SL is too tight.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
It's good seeing you around...... Madam.

Hope you are doing good..... health wise and trade wise.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Nice seeing you taken that too.....I only got 35pips.....my patience could not go further.......and my EOD has passed.

Maybe.....you should always observe volatility (momentum and strength) at the points of entrance to aid the trade to move faster and reach destination on time......and also not going the way of your SL.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #896 ---
I have been following the E/U all day - first sell signal on the 5 minute chart was at 13:20 on the chart - at 15:15 another sell signal on the 15 minute chart- at 17:00 another sell signal on the 30 minute chart - at 20:00 again a sell signal , but on the 1 hour chart - some positions were closed and then re-entered as this progressed. I'm unsure if it makes sense to flip around between the time periods , but I've been using each longer period as a kind of confirmation to the signal before. Any comments/thoughts or instruction would be helpful!

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Got on this one a bit late and started turning on me. Luckily it went up a bit more. The H1 chart was above the -50 and I missed that signal so waited for a signal on the M15. +52

--- 帖子 #898 ---
I am just trying to figure the best way round trades like these on AU. The first 2 signals turned round too quick for me to act upon and the last one turned out good for me. I have tried Moving my SL further away which means more risk. Moving to BE too quick usually results in just that. Maybe constant trade monitoring is the way forward. Any suggestion guys?

--- 帖子 #899 ---
See post #902.......if you could find a way out of my suggestions.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
I didn't see enough volatility (momentum and strength) on the two previous setups at the -50 levels cross (entrance).....so no trade for me on the two previous setups.

I don't trade all -50 levels cross......I only trade the one that comes with volatility at the entrance.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #901 ---
I removed my chart because it had custom fib levels,its not part of the tools being used in daylight,I forgot it on,sorry about that.I will remove it and post the regular entries I had later.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Got on AJ as well for +49. The vertical orange line is the H1 signal and I waited for a M15 sell arrow.

Missed the first M15 sell

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Taking a bias from a longer timeframe and entering on a lower timeframe is fine. It can help with timing certainly.

I know I've said in the past (on Roadmap and here) that I prefer single timeframe analysis but that is only because there's a danger a trader can get overwhelmed by the different signals on each timeframe and lose their overall perspective. In your case, it looks like using both will be helpful.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
I agree about BE stops, I really dislike them.

One option you have is that you can choose to ignore long signals when they occur below your big moving average. The obvious downside to this approach is that you will potentially have bigger losers when a full reversal takes place, but on the plus side you won't get shaken out of positions.

Unfortunately everything is a trade-off. Whatever decisions we make have pros and cons.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Please could you clarify a bit?

How are you measuring momentum and strength and at what point are your criteria met to pull the trigger?

--- 帖子 #906 ---
USD/CAD M15. Went short against my trading plan into the moving average (trading like a newb this month) closed, then went long 8 bars later on candle that came off the 100sma/200ema and closed over the channel (trade was confirmed next candle). 65pips total for two losers and two winners.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Pending fxrabbi's reply, one thing you could consider on Laura's templates, is the amount of daylight at the time of the -50 cross.

On Tranqility's chart above:

First third of chart - down move. From the blue and red cross, look how long it took the red to cross the -50 and how little the daylight at that time.

Second two thirds of chart - up move. From the blue and red cross look how quickly the red then crossed the -50 and how much extra daylight.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
In my experience, I found your opinion is  accurate.

so many traders think using multiple time frame improve trading results, It is kind of true but not all the time.

There is nothing wrong watching multiple time frame, but when comes to trade executions focusing on one tf do the best work. By focusing One TF Traders can execute trade at accurate point and exit at accurate point it improve trading results in long run.

Analysis and trading has differences the difference is trade executions.

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Still, sometimes it's better to focus on one thing and get it right.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
My one trade for the day. GN +44

--- 帖子 #911 ---
I agree angle of indis is usually important. If they lie flat or angle is shallow its usually a range. I think I will visually back test this a bit more.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Let me make a few comments about how I am trying to trade.

I am using Alan's nice H1 trade as the basis of my M1 trade explanation.

I marked GBPNZD/H1 situations which caught my attention.
We can see that the dominant trend is downward. We see a sharp rebound from the top lane of price channel which is going downwards… Are we likely to expect another black H1 candlestick? Of course, we can.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On M15 we can see ready patterns for taking position at the close of H1 candle or the next M15 candle ... look at WPR… on both M15 and H1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The M1 looks even more interesting ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Girls and Guys, have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Nice Posts BN, keep it up. I am trying to be more selective in my trades and looking at this trade I could have made my entry better.

The orange line is the H1 down signal, Below the 200 SMA so I am looking for Sell trades. Drop to M5 and my entry was on the turn already. If I had waited for another WPR down arrow on the M5 also bounce off the 200 SMA my trade would have been better. I exited when the M5 WPR crossed.

Easy to hindsight trade but in the moment not so easy.

Maybe my SL could have been above that swing high. Maybe add to the position on the next WPR down arrow

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Hi Zimbinga.....

To have my #watchlist #Scanner #Screener ready.....I do/watch the followings:

1. Price Action Channel:

a.) I want to see the channel sloping and facing 2:00pm (long)/4:00pm (short) clock face.....this serves as my Strength meter.

b.) I want to see the channel become narrow......this serves as my Momentum meter.

2. Daylight:

a.) I takes only -50 levels cross.....this serves as my Strength meter.

b.) At the point of the cross I want to see a deep degree of separation between the blue line and the red line.....the wider the space the better for the momentum.....this serves as my Momentum meter.

c.) After the above have been met.......I pull the trigger.

Note:

I.) I am selective in my set-ups

ii.) I trade only H1.

iii.) I am one-timeframe trader.

Happy weekend

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Many thanks for that, it makes sense.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Hi Laura, you are just amazing selfless person, and a very good and patient teacher at that. You are one of my favourites in the FF together with Davit @pivot trading and strat @PASR. Keep up your good work!

--- 帖子 #917 ---
FXRABBI you're like a class batsman in cricket,we don't count 50's only 100's lol

Step by step criteria is good for each tool being assigned on the platform.Notes 1,2 & 3 are powerful.So much from multi-timeframe analysis,I understand you. On my end,I frame any instrument on a naked chart with my key levels,then drop it into daylight template and then watch the magic unfold. Keep up your great work.Stay safe in your country.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
H1 looks good but seems confused in making HHs.....after that drop in the early part of July, this instrument had to retrace to a liq. zone suggested at the 7th/8th July.Just looking there at that given date I'd say selling price would be 0.75000 or each cross on H1.Just 1/2 days before you took those 3 entries and hold sells,PA told me this 48 hrs before your positions,not because the market is closed now I can say all this :-) You see when price falls from a high,most time its retraces to a zone and consolidate for a while until it makes a decision for direction.AU showed us all something special on this H1 and its so powerful,all you need is 2-3 like these each week and it's possible.The signal never really turned around its just retracing back to or near the same zone in its mission to sell.I will post a chart or 2 soon.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
FXRABBI and Others ----

When the trend is down but price has retraced to an area of resistance and we are looking for signs that the upward movement (pullback) has ended and the bearish trend will continue.Overall trend on the trading time frame is down:

The short-term trend on the trading time frame is up (has formed a pullback/retracement)

During the retracement, price retests a former area of price structure

Ideally, you’ll want for this pattern to form near the highs of the price structure.

Price may retest this area ''multiple times'' allowing for additional trading opportunities.

When price repeatedly retests a price structure (resistance) during a downtrend, it’s an indication that market makers are selling heavy volume in that area.

This allows for an ideal time to sell high (enter trade) along with the market makers and buy low (take profits).

Within Daylight system we can see the cross explains many ideas of what you should do and where you should stay out.

My chart posted,you all can see how the above occurred......if you look to the left,the action started before the area highlighted,the big picture is the idea of things. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Hi scsstnt.......

My problem with multi-timeframe analysis.......is that I usually get lost in-between those timeframes.

As a trend trader..... just show me the trend added with volatility (strength + momentum)........I'm good to go.

As for S&R levels........I don't normally go far with that......All I do is ask myself these following questions:

I.) Are I'm in or close to a consolidation area.

ii.) How close I'm I to the previous high or low.

iii.) Are I'm getting close to a recent support or resistance levels....I look left.

Note: I do all the above in one timeframe....and I'm good to go.

I'm not surprised about you..... because I know where you're coming from......keep moving higher.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #921 ---
fxrabbi ---- Master structure first, time frames shall all become a toy

Consolidation is great,I like seeing price do nothing,most times I know what is next

--- 帖子 #922 ---
UC M15: buying USD with MA trend. Not happy with first entry, I wanted to get in at the bottom of that consolidation so I closed at breakeven then price shot up 15pips (always the way). Took another trade after the stop hunt then closed at NY open for retail sales news.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AU M15: buying USD with MA trend. Took trade after LO then closed at NY open. Positive retail figures would have suggested another sell but I stop trading for the week.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have been reading The Little book of Market Wizards by Jack Schwager, suggested in Laura's Journal and have found it really helpful.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Hi, Laura

This is Gold m5, Is the circled area a good entry point?

I didnt get in this because I have seen a support area on the left side.

I think the circled area is a breakout, am I right?

thank you

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Hi,

It is a breakout but I'd be looking to be in before that point, when both pairs of moving averages agreed.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Thank you Laura

--- 帖子 #926 ---
CADJPY SHORT..............

Bonus trade...........bonus trade......because it wasn't the usually -50 levels cross.

Reasons for taken the trade:

1. The big breakout candle from the channel.

2. The narrowness of the channel.

3. The steep slope of the channel.

4. The wide Daylight.

Happy trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Thanks for your clarification. One question. I see a contradiction. Narrow channel and wide daylight at the same time? Is the channel narrow here? After all, the channel widened on the big breakout candle. Or I don’t understand something. Explain, please.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Couple of trades...several still running
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Just closed

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #930 ---
I have few questions for you. First - Thanks a lot for sharing your trades and tips here. I have to say this is really helpful. Especially 2 PM and 4 PM tip :-)

My questions:

Do you not wait for retracement before taking any trade? I know it worked fine in this case, but lot of times I see price goes back into the channel.

Where do you usually put your stop loss? I am assuming somewhere far that it doesn't hit easily.

How do you decide on your exit? Is there a reason you closed trades at that particular point or do you have fixed profit target.

Again - Thanks a lot for your time and ideas.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Hi taozen187.......

When you look back prior to the big candle.....the channel was narrow...... that's the type of trend l like to see.... but the big candle made it look a bit bigger.....but don't be worry.......And it the big candle for me.

The Daylight is still wide enough to provide the necessary momentum for the trade.

Have this in mind.....this is not my normal trade/set-up...... that's why I called it bonus trade.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #932 ---
XAUUSD

I should nail full 200 pips move on this trade,refer to my post #927 ref. on AUDUSD trade,the same thing happened.With experience you realise just a fraction of that move is fine,consistency is the word.I always refer to cricket ,an in-form batsman is keep hitting those 1s,2s and knocking around boundaries until that massive 6 like yesterday at Headingley,Leeds.......flying over the new football stand, Liam Livingstone did batting for England.

This is the shot we all want in forex trading  the big one,but remember during your career the small shots add up over period of time and that matters the most.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Hi Piphunter40.......

I trade only breakout trading....I don't trade retracement trading.

You can't see any of my trades.....where price goes back into the channel.....never.

I usually uses an EA to place my trades.....and this comes with SL of 25pips......TP of 50pips....... after placing my trades I normally adjust the trade according to +/- with the previous high/low and ATR x 2.........for the SL and then multiply it x2 for the TP.

That's particular trade reached my TP of 50pips......but sometimes I used PA to close my trades......but never allowed it's to goes back into the channel and never allow the blue and red lines to cross in the opposite direction on the Daylight.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Thank you for being helpful. This is very useful.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Hi Swing trade,

Is it the ABP dashboard used in ABP trading thread or its another one. If its another one, can you please share it, I want to forward test it.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
This is the Daylight thread.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hi, Could you please comment on my entry?

is it good?

I get in because it got daylight and it just crossed on both windows.

if it not good, please let me know how can I improve my entry.

Thank you

*this is Gold M5

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Looks fine.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Thank you Laura, I'm got more confidence

--- 帖子 #941 ---
So is it bad if a pair scanner for Daylight system is available?

--- 帖子 #942 ---
My trade on EurJpy M15

hope it will hit TP

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hi LauraT - reference post 801 about market structure (thank you for detailed analysis!). I am not very clear why that low point is so defined. if you zoom out on the chart then you see the price has been significantly lower previous to this point. What makes this particular low the market structure from which you based your analysis?

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Been puzzling the same question with supply demand zones, some hold others dont. Seeing as we have been discussing AU H1 charts previously I attach an AU chart.

I am guessing we are looking for certain candle patterns that appear in these zones as an alert for a direction change. Best I read up on candle patterns.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Yes, study price action and how price behaves when it reacts to a zone positively. You have to apply judgement but write down your observations and try to trade them over time. The price leaves signatures when it's about to move. I draw my zones on the h1,h4,d1 charts and trade them on the m5 chart.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
I don't know what the ABP dashboard is. I got everything I am using right here or the roadmap thread

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Hi,

It was simply the most recent swing point (the last low point which price reacted to/rejected).

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Barrack has a thread with a scanner:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ight-dashboard

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Take all of that crap off of your charts. It will only delay and confuse what it is you are trying to accomplish here which is to become a CONSISTENTLY profitable trader.

You have everything you need right here in front of you.

This is my routine to find, enter and manage trades. Not saying it is the best method , however it is repeatable for me which is crucial in being consistent with your methods.

Step 1 always starts with a signal on the 1 hr for me. In my mind, it is really easy to move up and down from here according to your goals ( moving up and down is the next steps I am talking about)

I use my own method for the final screen. I look back to see if it has been at least 10 bars since we closed above/below the channel. This screen keeps me out of sideways markets MOST of the time. If I am shorting, I want the close below the channel to be the first close below in at least 10 bars and vice versa for longs.

-EDIT: Notice that you don't have to RUSH in as soon as you get the signal....watch and see what is happening before you jump.

It looks like this for me
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Once I have the signal, I move UP to the 4hr and Daily to see what a reasonable target is.

I got a target of 119.07 from the 4hr chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Step 2. Once I have my target, I move down to the 5 min to find an entry. This particular signal was given around the end of the NY session so I set a reminder to look at it closer to Asia open.

This was my entry off of the 5m chart about 30 mins before Asia open.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

-EDIT2 :  Before anyone asks, I trail a stop a few pips beyond the opposite 1Hr channel as my stop since the signal was on the 1 hr.  For shorts I trail above the high channel line and for longs I trail below the bottom channel and then I try my level best to just simply leave it alone and see how it works out.

Thats it.....so very simple and repeatable. You don't need anything else to make money.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
SWEET. I like the explanation. clear and concise. Especially the 10 bar holdoff.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
XAUUSD - When the trend is up but price has retraced to an area of support and we are looking for signs that the downward movement (pullback) has ended and the bullish trend will continue.Overall trend on the trading time frame is yp:

The short-term trend on the trading time frame is down (has formed a pullback/retracement)

During the retracement, price retests a former area of price structure

Ideally, you’ll want for this pattern to form near the lows of the price structure.

Price may retest this area ''multiple times'' allowing for additional trading opportunities.

This is the opposite of my post scenario to #927

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Very nice review.  Makes sense.  I'm doing something very similar with H4 signals.  Then going up to weekly/daily to see if in harmony, then to lower TF's for entry.

Only difference is targets.  My personality is stacking long swing trades (weeks to months).  So I'll look to hold those H4 positions as long as the smoothed 5MA hasn't crossed back over the shifted 5MA.  Given a good weekly trend, that may allow multiple 4H trades to be riding the trend wave.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Thanks Swingtrade

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Nice explanation swingtrade

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hi I could not find it on roadmap thread, my search may be wrong. Can you please share this pair scanner here if you do not mind.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Interesting approach Swingtrade65 so I decided to give it a go.Orange line from the H1 signal on UC. Got stuck for a target on H4 or D1  so decided to watch it for a turn round also trail stop active above the top channel. Closed it for +36. Nice one. Just need to repeat it now.

A

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Thanks for the strategy Laura.

Does anybody have any rules for targets/SL? Not keen on trading without set targets/SL

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #958 ---
CADJPY LONG..............

It's the -50 levels cross for me......

Reasons for taken the trade:

1. The big breakout candle from the channel.

2. The -50 levels cross.

3. The wide Daylight.

Happy trading
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #959 ---
How about a TP of 2X your SL and a SL above the last swing hi/lo or just above/below the channel.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Late to this party but got +21 out of it.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Me too got +22pips...... manually exit the trade...... If for any reason I didn't close my trades at London close........I make sure I close them before NY close......this serves as a rule for me.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #962 ---
It's not a scanner it's a symbol changer

Attached File(s)   Symbol_Changer_PLUS.ex4

184 KB
|
481 downloads

--- 帖子 #963 ---
The steps look sensible,but all indicators produce lag even MT4 has a lag lol...price action is the only killer for lag,to defeat lag you need a naked chart....but anyhow here is my question...what if the 5mins entry has a buy then goes into a deep retracement like gold did about 67 pips,as long as the H1 candle does not close below the low of the channel the buy position we can say is still valid? However the H4 and Daily targets already established before looking at the M5 entry......this question is all i have ,thanks.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Heiken Ashi,the new kid on the block? lol  No bars and candlesticks,refined cleaner price action?

--- 帖子 #965 ---
If you show me a chart, I will try to answer....otherwise, not so much.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Ok here is my chart...... I have it in my head and finger tips Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #967 ---
OK...so here goes. If you check out the 2 charts below, you will see I have noted how it would/should have been traded from my perspective.

So if you waited for the entry, it goes sideways for a couple of hours before it moves higher. Hope this helps

-EDIT: As a side note, everyone should take the time to look at the past 100 entry arrows for the markets they trade and find out what percentage of time you retrace immediately after the signal bar....Hint: it is much higher thank you might think.....also, think how this statistical information might be useful in YOUR trading plan

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Just closed... +63

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Excellent illustration,thank you,it is complete sense now on the patience for waiting on the other M5 cross.

Very powerful,this could evade the Delta variant,it just needs a mask lol......thank you.Keep safe ST65

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Ok Thanks Boo15

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Apologies for not posting much lately. Been pretty busy with a few things, so I've mainly been keeping an eye on the thread and loving all your great trades.

Didn't sleep well so had a couple of Dow trades during the night. +102 over the two trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Things to note:

1. The dashed line is the previous day's high. Notice the clear rejection of that level.

2. Because of that rejection, I anticipated my first short entry before the actual cross and before daylight existed.

3. Added once my original position was safely in decent profit.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Hi . . .been off/away for a couple of weeks, so catching up on getting my understanding right . .

Yesterday sell GBPCHF -

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Hi . . .if MT4 doesn't have one, could someone recommend an ADR indicator (for days HI and LO) ?  Thanks

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Here u go

--- 帖子 #975 ---
XAUUSD - entry and possible target lower 1801-1795

The price of gold and silver is highly correlated (inverse correlation) with the US Treasury bond yields.Yesterday,government bond yields increased in price,which caused the fall of gold.But the current US monetary policy has a negative effect on the government bond yields.That's the reason why investors are confident that the prices for precious metals will continue to rise, at least until the Fed meeting in August. Happy Trading!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #976 ---
There's higher correction coming for US10Y and if price goes up and close above the channel,Gold will fall even more.

Similar story for DXY as seen

For all those who about to trade,I salute you!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #977 ---
. . .currently in a Gold short . . I need more stats to push it down further !

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Interesting to know what more is required.......you have a successful daylight trading system with swingtrade65 explaining something really important yesterday,now I give extra info to transact GOLD using fundamental analysis/correlation...hmmm......put everything together and think,thats all. You have everything right here.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nice little trade on the Dow.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Hi Scsstnt . . .yes it is a good strategy, with great inputs along the way (appreciated) . . .just my warped sense of humour : )

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Yup,,,it is :-) ok I hear you lol......encourage more to join this herd its the one to follow,let them know jumping from one strategy to the next after 5-7 losses in a row not the right thing to do,one thing we can guarantee is to lose,got to accept that. As we know many people end up this way eventually quitting forex.But,Never give up! Spend time gaining more experience along the way we did academically from primary to tertiary education,from carrying heavy school bags and lunch kits as kids to emailing now your coursework to colleges and universities etc. Say hello to your family for me from little twin island Trinidad & Tobago.

9pm to 5am curfew here,yesterday all restaurants and street food now re-open on Monday,today I'm driving on a food tour :-)

China sent us 1.1 million sinopharm for a population of 1.4 million

Australia ''down under'' beautiful country.Keep safe.

Happy Trading!

--- 帖子 #982 ---
CJ Long for +52. A few small losses today probably trail stop too tight but got a few good ones as well after NY open.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
USDCAD SHORT..............

Bonus trade...........bonus trade......because it wasn't the usually -50 levels cross.

Reasons for taken the trade:

1. The big breakout candle from the channel.

2. The slope of the channel.

3. The wide Daylight.

4. TP reached.

Happy trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #984 ---
GJ Long +26. Seem to be getting to the party late every time.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
+34

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #986 ---
CADJPY LONG..............

Bonus trade...........bonus trade......because it wasn't the usually -50 levels cross.

Reasons for taken the trade:

1. The big breakout candle from the channel.

2. The slope of the channel.

3. The Daylight.

4. TP reached.

Happy trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #987 ---
I managed +12 on AJ

--- 帖子 #988 ---
In this one....we will see how it works out

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #989 ---
AUDUSD on 1H for +20 Pips

Thanks to fxrabbi for sharing the strategy. I was able to capture this because of break out candle, cross over 50 and wide day light.

I probably exited early but I am working on it :-)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Nice trade. Nothing but good can come from 20 pip profits....confidence, experience and larger bankroll.

Remember, the only way to get 30 or 40 pips is to hold when you have 20!  Sometimes it works out and other times not so much.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
EJ long for +23.

H1 signal and drop to M5 to get in. Nice technique Swingtrade65. I just need a bit more polishing.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
hey fxrabbi, do you target a specific pip amount your tp or do you have another way which you determine the target for your trades ?

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Giving Laura's method a go on H1 with some elements of my own...the price was above the 50 and -50 level on the tdi and williams'.I'm using the 34 ema as a filter and I took the trade after the arrow was printed. Thanks Laura

--- 帖子 #994 ---
I left quite a bit on the table for others

--- 帖子 #995 ---
GBPJPY LONG..............

Bonus trade...........bonus trade......because it wasn't the usually -50 levels cross.

Reasons for taken the trade:

1. The big breakout candle from the channel.

2. The slope of the channel.

3. The wide Daylight.

Happy trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Hi EthanT.......

Please check post  #941.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #997 ---
GBPUSD LONG..............

It's the -50 levels cross for me......

Reasons for taken the trade:

1. The big breakout candle from the channel.

2. The -50 levels cross.

3. The wide Daylight.

Happy trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Why do the MAs' get stuck together on the first chart.. on the second chart it's working correctly

--- 帖子 #999 ---
just reload the charts. it happens to me when i am switching accounts.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
23 pips form GBUSD  M5
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
thanks birdland, seems like there is no other way round it

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
It fell short of my target by a pip and kicked me out at b/e soon after

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Tough day to be trading the EUR pairs with the rate announcement.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Wondered why it was all going wrong today. Very choppy.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
i trade mainly m1 and m5. and exclusively GU. i have one wife and one currency pair-that's enough and makes enough work;-)

there i scalp 5 pips or even 10pips. when scalping, it can happen that i do exactly the opposite of the signal.

my motto is still ""study all the conventional wisdom, and then do NOT do that"".

Also in terms of life, I usually take a path far away from the masses. Then I feel good all around.

furthermore, dear laura, i have adopted your daylight concept and incorporated it into my daily trading. i have actually built a hybrid between roadmap&daylight.

i have a 200SMA and 50SMA on the chart in addition to the signals from barraka (thanks!).

here are two trades from this morning on the m1 chart:

1. price closes below 200, 1.short

2. i am in profit and price makes a retrace into the green band, 2.short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

of course, the m5 is also clearly short.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and the h1 should also be mentioned, as it stuck to the 200SMA like a cloud that has to rain down.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

but for me m1 and m5 is enough. i like to sit down and trade.

now its time for a coffee;-)

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Great stuff but my puppy eat my biscuit because I was silly enough to let it sit on my lap while I looked at the screen with biscuits to one side. Snatch and run is her motto .Then an innocent grin and wagging tail,as if to say, "Oh - was that yours?"

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
a biscuits scalping dog;-)

hit and run...

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
hit and run using M5

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
2 of my successes today with several other trades getting chopped up. More polish required.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
XAUUSD Framework is everything.....

Runaway train never comin' back
Runaway train, tearin' up the track

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Feeling a little bad the last 2 days. Seems like no matter what I've traded it's gone wrong. I'm just glad I'm on a demo account

Not sure If I'm trading wrong? Has anybody had similar experiences?

Have a good weekend everyone.

Joel

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
GBPUSD - Powerful zones! Zoomed in,needed to show yesterday's PA

Laura,your smoothed moving averages are telling a bigger story on a smaller time frame.....fantastic

Where is the guy with one wife and one currency pair :-) ,one pair is all you need to make a living if that's the deal with trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
I am feeling your pain today boss. Keep trying

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Does anybody know of an easy way to back test Daylight on MT4? Is it just a case of going back through manually or is there an automatic way to do it?

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
You are not alone there buddy, I had a red week, started great then the wheels fell off, gave back all of July's gains. Great system but the trader needs work. New plan in place for the new week.

I back test and review the weeks trades with FXBlue forex trading simulator, it works well for me.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Greetings brother,

Please what are the values of your MAs on the chat? SMA, EMA or ???

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Yo Boss.

89 SMA and 200 SMA to give me a trend bias on the H1 before I check the M5. Price in between the MA is ranging and u need to look elsewhere . Seems to help me a bit.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
I spent a few weekends reading all 3 of her topics. Once again my sincere thanks to LauraT for giving me a different, more progressive way of thinking about my trading style. I went short with UCHF. SL tight above the daily open. Where am I going wrong? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Did you enter on the most recent bar on your chart?

I think your SL is a little too tight for my liking. It doesn't leave a lot of wiggle room.

I'd also be wary of the fact that the opening bar visited the current lows and rejected that area. There will be trapped traders there and price might not want to revisit it too soon.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
You can use something like FXBlue Simulator to cycle through many days of data in a short time. Just load up your template and begin taking trades.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Theres this one that goes in the Experts folder. Seems to work fine if you only want one TF displayed.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Anyone else selling AUD?

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
I would not sell AudUsd when the loonie is falling

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
I entered because there was 1 candlestick that closed below the MA & channel slope + wide light.

I manually exited with my phone when I opened it to H4 and saw strong support below because I had to go out (Do you think this is necessary?) I should only open 1 tf as H1 and don't need it. must open H4,... to check exit settings.

Thanks for the response LauraT

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
GBPUSD - Zero Pips Drawdown,entry off a wick! The ultimate forex skill! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
5 minute Bear signal on EUR/USD.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Well, the sell signal result was not exactly what I expected - covered at a loss. Better luck next time , as they say!

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
All looks good with hindsight trading. M5 Trend is up and bouncing off the MA's. Not so easy in the moment. I have plenty of the same trades as you boss. One day we will see the light.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Don't sell EURUSD when everything says BUY,are you only looking at M1 and M5 exclusively?

DXY (USD dollar index is falling like rain) EUR also look at news this morning  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Trade in the direction of H1 and H4 and you will not get screwed . If H4 is not in the same direction as H1  and using M5 as an entry then H1 would be good enough. With M15 I put more weight on H4 ..that's just me

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Well said pip29........somebody ''PIN'' that statement to the top of the thread  Everyone should save that information....Quote of the day!

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
I agree..... realized this recently and its just much easier to hold you trades/ your trades hitting your TP much quicker as you're trading with the trend, i use 1hr for trend and then 5 min for the entries

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
TRUTH

Actually this is the second time in the last week that this has been spelled out.

-EDIT-

This is what is being said here in picture form.

Just got this Sell Signal on the EURAUD 1 hr.....BUT there is no way I would sell right here with all of that crap in the box to the left
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now, look at the 5 min.....IF it rallies into the middle or higher of the 1Hr channel and rolls over where I can use the next 5 min sell signal to sell about 25-30 pips higher then I am all over it if the 1hr has not changed from a sell. This sell on the 5 min gives small risk with plenty of room even if it only retests the 200.....Does this make sense to anyone or are these just voices in my head??

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
I'm going to add your post from last week to the updated first thread post. Hopefully people will find it quicker and absorb the information.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
just a small trade on M1

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Amazing work Laura......you got the best of the best traders in your thread,take care of yourself :-) probably the best trading system in the world (got this from carlsberg)

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
What does everyone think of this trade? Down right now, but early days.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
So lets keep going with this last signal on EURAUD.....

1 HR since the signal bar......The pair has retraced into the channel like we talked about a couple of hours ago. If you had jumped in as soon as the signal bar closed you would now be about 25 pips behind and wondering why this system doesn't work for you.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Meanwhile the 5 min has been in an uptrend since the 1hr signal bar......But appears to be running out of steam. IF we get a 5 min signal, the trade would have no more than about 10-12 risk to make 25+
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This in now way ensures a win. However, I have done what I can to find a good entry with a plan on how I see the trade playing out.

-HINT-  Why was I looking for this pair to retrace back into the channel?  How often does it exhibit this behavior of retracement?  How far does it retrace an average?

How often do you end in profit 3-5 bars after a retracement? How much profit? Would it be more or less than if I had entered at the 1Hr bar close?

Last but not least...Why do I care about any of that?

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Hi Swingtrade65.....later in Asian session might be much more volatile,I used to trade like this long ago with a different set of indis,always HTF to LTF and get in on smaller structure,its one of the most powerful methods,you take the lag out of indicators using price action,laura's combination is 90%+ with my framework

EURAUD - 17:00 H1 close on that much anticipated candle,price may create fake resistance and sell a bit,but the intention is to get higher then drop,but take what you can...... Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Keep it coming Swingtrade65. This information is gold.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Thanks for the suggestion.

I just ran a simulation on 25 trades, 37.5% win rate

What is everybody else's win rate?

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
So here we are a couple of minutes before the Tokyo open and we are +28

Decisions will need to be made based on how they push it at the open

GOOD position to make a decision from.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
I saw something difficult. since it still hasn't cut off the 200 SMA

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Perhaps we might be able ask of Barraka to put a filter in the WPR indicator so that only prints signals on the 5m if the 1h agrees? Similar with 15m and 4h. That would be awesome. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
GBPUSD - 40-70 pip drop --- USD is strong!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Closed half.

Did I put the SL too close?

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Here, too, I am waiting for the continuation.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
And here are deals from yesterday. Half are already closed in profit. Will SL work?

Addition: Worked =)

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
yesterday was a bit tricky for my taste.

but today a had a good start and i think already enough for me;-)

the problem was that the m5 trend was still up, BUT on the other side the high of the day was rejected.

the trigger was two red arrows (from barakka) and the breach of the -50 level.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
just here to cheer LauraT and all her followers :-)

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
This trade did not go lower and breach the 200. I grabbed about 3-4 pips. Although we did not get a real winner, we didn't get our pants scorched either because we had found a low risk entry. Now we move on to the next ones.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Nice going Swingtrade. I closed at 7 pips for the same reason. Is probably my best trade of the week.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
fxrabbi-style, +10 scalp on m1:

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
it makes all sense, very useful your analyses!

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Very nicely done. For me, that is what I am striving for, good decisions that keep me out of ugly losers.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
It's the tiny channel for me.......

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
My best deal today. =)

All in all a good day. There is a certainty that I begin to understand what I am doing. =))

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Although this one looks even better. But only a part is closed. Some are still in the market.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Short CJ 1H +60 pips. Entry after break of minor support, and TP at 4H support.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Looks like many of you are making great progress and lots of pips/points. Great to see!

Here are a couple of Nasdaq trades I took this evening, for a total of around 80 points.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First entry was ever so slightly early as I was waiting for a structural high (solid red line) to be broken. I anticipated it would be and got in just before it was. We had already broken above the -50 level so my bias was established.

Second entry was soon after I had taken profit on my first. The retracement played out pretty quickly so I jumped back in. My exit was just before another structural high (solid red line again) and seems like a pretty good exit as price is now struggling to break it.

Although I'm not posting so much lately - I am still watching the thread closely so keep posting please. I do my best to respond to any queries quickly or provide feedback where required.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
One more from today. Dow this time - worth around 75 points.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Entry was a break of the structural low (solid red line) and a cross of the -50.

The sharp-eyed among you will notice that we actually went back above -50 at some point, so why didn't I get out?

Well, because the market structure had changed, I was expecting a Lower High to follow the established Lower Low. This is what played out and I sat through some drawdown for a little while. If you look left, you will see why I exited where I did.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Congrats Laura you're the forex structural engineer lol .....I can understand clean charts like yours.

I have a question,your entries are on M1 I see,which is the ultimate scalping TF I'd say....which is the highest timeframe would you refer to,on making a decision on M1 entries.Not sure if you answered this in a past message/reply.Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
I have long and short term trades, so I reference charts from tick charts all the way up to daily or weekly (though more rarely for those longer timeframes).

But to answer your question, I find the 15m chart to be ideal for seeing just the big enough picture to assist with 1m entries. In fact, I used to exclusively trade just the 15m timeframe back when I traded mostly forex. As Swingtrade and others have suggested, different timeframes can serve different purposes but I'd say for scalpers the 15m is a good reference point.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
You're the 2nd person I know that explains the characteristic between M15 and M1.

Yes,Swingtrade did a great job also.

Thank you very much.Keep safe.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
I was busy yesterday and took this trade late in the evening with London already closed..this morning price went my way and I took 19 pips

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Hi Laura,   thanks for the input . . : )

Was that second trade based more upon market structure/flow than strict Daylight guidelines? (eg sub-window daylight)

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Hi,

My long bias was established due to the red line being above -50. When I got out of the first position, I expected a deeper retracement than we got. Once I noticed the trend was resuming, I got back in.

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
the market was not kind enough to give me more . Entry was taken after LO and I took 1/2 out for 12 pips..I left the balance for my target but got stopped out at b/e+ instead

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
I entered with two transactions. First, on a breakout, then on a pullback. I closed the first one with a small profit, securing a breakeven for the second one. Then he waited for a big movement. But it closed at the trailing stop. This happens all the time. I want more profit, but very often I give half back to the market. It seems that one should be content with less. =) In the meantime, it turns out that my profitable trades do not cover the losing ones. I put stop losses much closer than Laura, as I hope to provide myself with a more acceptable profit / loss ratio. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
A similar situation was here. All the time I hope for the runner, but he still does not come. =)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
But when stop-losses, they are so offensive. The price then turns in my direction. =)

This means we need to set stop losses further away. And take profit from the market on impulses and exit, and not wait for the price to run further.

It's just as if there is no inner confidence that small profits will be larger than rare but large stop losses over a long period of time. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
But in such a situation, a short stop loss saved my money.

Maybe after the stop loss, you should immediately open a trade in the other direction? And only if it turns out to be unprofitable, then leave this market due to uncertainty? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Here I exited before the stop loss manually, because the price broke through the channel in the other direction and the daylight showed the same direction (the slow MA crossed -50, and the fast one crossed the slow one).

Do you see what happened next? He mocked me. =)) Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Here's another example, when I took less than the market gave.

It looks like I have normal inputs, but the outputs need to be honored.

Am I making the right conclusions?

1. I need to put further stop loss.

2. I don't need to wait for the runner, but get out on the first good move in my direction. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Yes and No. How do you quantify "less than the market had to give"   I am sorry to be blunt, however, that sentence doesn't make sense to me.

Do you expect to make every pip available? When you exit a trade you don't know what the next bars hold in store so you have every pip available to you at THAT POINT.  Looking at the chart later in the day and feeling like you left pips on the table is an exercise in futility. STOP doing that, it will lead you down a long and counter productive hole.

Why did you get out there?

Was it fear of losing your profits?

Was there a technical or "method" reason for the exit or was it just a fly by the seat of the pants type deal?

Lastly but the MOST IMPORTANT BY A MILLION MILES

Where did your PLAN say to exit. If you did not have a plan prior to entering the trade then you probably need to re read a lot of this thread.

Laura has presented several different exit methods across the 2 threads. I would suggest start with one and stick with it for at least a dozen trades and see what happens. No cheating, stick to the plan, win lose or draw

Let us know how it works out for you

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Having a go on the H4 charts as the M5 is killing me. Holding out for a runner

Using a bot to place the pending trades. Gonna wait on a cross to exit this

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Thanks for the answer. Don't apologize for being blunt. This is what I need. =)

I appreciate your opinion.

Perhaps my messages are clumsy and not very accurately interpreted, because I write through a translator. English is not my language.

I'm just at the stage of developing my plan. And I'm trying to understand the reality of the market, not my assumptions about it. Therefore, I share my thoughts with you, hoping to get feedback from more experienced participants, such as you, in order to better understand how you think while developing your plan.

Thanks again. I hope my thoughts are clear. =)

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Similar is the situation with me.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
He should read Laura's journal. Good section on physchology and a few exercises in discipline.

Yes, he needs to read all the threads after which, he will find most of his questions answered. And will not need to ask many more.

You need a point to get in and a reason to get out (levels etc) BUT you will NEVER take all available profit simply because you don't know, in advance, what the market will do. We make reasoned trades but the market is not a reason driven machine. Humans get in he way and emotions also. It is easy to spot a new or undisciplined trader: they seek to "improve" indicators; add more indicators and think indicators, algorithms etc are the way to profit. Think about it: if a plethora of indicators was all that was needed we would all be rich and the market frozen.YouTube is full of snake oil merchants selling dreams to the weak minded, greedy, or simply ignorant (in the nice sense). What I am trying to say is that your edge is "between your ears" and Laura's approach is your way into trading with an edge. Try her exercise , in her journal, of putting on a trade and letting price hit the other side of the channel before closing the trade. Yes -you will learn a lot about yourself. Remember, you can make good trades based on a reason or approach BUT many such trades will also lose because sh@t happens. But you keep going to let your edge work out.

You must realise that there are very few people like Laura who are willing to share with no expectation of financial reward. Therefore, I repeat, a close study of all her threads, and diligent application, will deliver its' own rewards ,to those willing study and test the given material in those threads.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Price hanging around the daily 200SMA. Closed all +203 pips. Just need the other trades to do the same.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Good trade. If it's on the H4 frame, I think it's better to remove the MA lines,the chart would be nicer . Since it's large enough to reduce the noise of other lower timeframes,.I see that if we remove MA, we will see more deeply about the market with basic PA, right?If you look at my chart. you will not take profit at 203 pips. will add more. I still need to learn more. please share. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Who knows boss. Seems the common MA used by other traders like the daily 200 SMA create their own SR levels and possible turning points so I am happy to keep them on my chart just in case.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
XAUUSD Price action speaks
Swing trade with trend continuation behavioural pattern Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
I just had a plan and I followed it.

Both TPs worked.

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
I'm sorry. Maybe I don't understand something.

You mentioned several times in this trade that you are entering it because it presents a small risk. You even specifically talked about the risk of 12 pips with a potential profit of 25 pips.

But in your last screenshot you can see that your stop loss is 45 pips. And the target is 70 points.

And in the end, you went almost into breakeven.

Do not misunderstand me. I am not nitpicking. I am trying to understand the course of your thoughts. How does your plan align with what you end up doing in reality. Have you deviated from the plan? Or are there some hidden details of the plan that you didn't mention?

Just trying to understand how successful traders who talk about trading according to some SYSTEM trade, I very often come across the fact that in the end they do not act as their SYSTEM says. And at the same time, they refer to the fact that they did so, because the STRUCTURE of the market or FUNDAMENTAL analysis says so. So shouldn't the SYSTEM include an understanding of the market STRUCTURE and some specific points of FUNDAMENTAL analysis (such as exiting trades at the close of a session or before important news)?

Please do not take it personally. I'm just trying to figure out the nuances and glue them together.

Many thanks to you and other members of the forum and this thread for sharing your thoughts and experiences. =)

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
No, I don't take anything personally. You are trying to learn using a translator app.

Yes, I talked about 12 pips risk. My stop was quite a bit above that. I use a stop as an emergency exit as most trades are exited manually, so the stop will be a ways off. I was only willing to give it about 10-12 pips of wiggle room based on where we were at sitting near the 200 SMA.

When I talked about 25 pips profit, I was looking for the easy pips. Yes, I thought it could go all the way down there to the 70 pip mark.

However, when we get stuck on a 200 SMA or something and won't go any lower, it is time to exit.

Just because I have a plan doesn't mean that the market gives one crap about what I think is gonna happen. If a trade is not doing what you thought it should, Exit, but if it is going your direction let it alone.

This method is not automatic and requires quite a bit of critical thinking.

If this answer is not what you were looking for, ask again

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Maybe one day we'll convince the world that emergency stops and manual exits are the way to go!

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Yes, modern technologies allow us to overcome the language barrier and conduct this dialogue. =)

Thanks.

I understand what you mean. This is what I am leading to.

You say, "If a trade is not doing what you thought it should, Exit, but if it is going your direction let it alone."

But what are these thoughts based on? It is usually said that this is where the stop loss should be, where you think the trade is not going in your direction.

But, referring to the existence of a plan, it is implied that these thoughts, about this point of entry from the trade, where it is not going in your direction, should be determined BEFORE entering the trade. This is where the stop loss is placed.

You say that your big stop loss was an emergency, and your working stop loss would be a manual exit 12 pips in the wrong direction. But in reality, you went to +3 points, to breakeven. What was the reason for this?

Obviously, your thoughts have changed.

Is such a change in thoughts on an already open deal spelled out in your plan?

What is it based on? On the fact that the price did not break through 200 SMA (100 SMMA) for a long time? Long is how much.

I just saw this 200 SMA and thought that I would not enter this trade in the direction of 200 SMA.

But you have become. My question is if your plan included:

1. Watch if the price breaks through the 200 SMA quickly? (what does it mean - quickly, a certain number of bars, minutes, hours?)

2. If not, then exit because the transaction becomes unreasonably risky?

Or did you simply act on your own experience? And after what happened, did you find an explanation for your actions?

To be honest, I really like the approach - change with change.

It looks like I'm trying to connect it with an approach, to act according to a strict plan. And so that there are no contradictions in this. =)

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Another trade, according to the plan, was closed in profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Please see Lauras post above about stops. Stops are for emergencies....worst case possible, thats it.

Plans are made in advance and are based on what we "think" the market will do based on what we see. Whether it is "structure" or whatever we want to call it, we see and process the charts based on our experience. I don't make any excuses for losers after the fact.

I do this in order to make money. If I have money tied up in a position and that position is not making me money, then what good is it. Not only do I have the margin tied up, but I have to watch and babysit the position. Your stop and your exit are two entirely different things. Does that make sense?

I have trades that I enter on the daily chart. They are longer term positions (week or more) that have a stop but I will most likely exit all of them manually. Once again the stop is for emergencies.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Thanks. I have clarified a lot for myself and thanks to your answers, and so far I have formulated my questions. Very grateful. =)

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
I'm glad this topic has come up.

It's perhaps no coincidence that brokers use the terminology 'stop loss' - I'd suggest giving it a different name in your heads, to frame things differently ... call it what it is: 'guaranteed loss'.

This isn't just semantics. If you take responsibility for managing your trades and close them out when price action deviates from your expectations, your guaranteed loss shouldn't come anywhere near to happening. I see more people losing due to bad stop placement than for any other reason.

One thing I tell my students is that the planning should take place BEFORE an entry is taken, not after you are in the position. You should have already played out the various possible scenarios in your head before pressing buy or sell. Then, when the market behaves in a certain way, you cannot possibly be surprised.

It's similar to what an elite sportsperson might do. Every possible scenario is played out in advance in their heads (and even in a physical sense in some cases), so that their muscle memory can kick in when reality starts to unfold.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
GBPUSD & GBPJPY - Chasing Stop Hunt at London Open,quick scalp

XAUUSD - Breakout retest and tried to huff my SL at the same time,can't teach an old dog new tricks
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
scalping on a Friday afternoon

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
this pair also brought in some pips

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
I have decided to close the trade ahead of target. I'm tired of watching and going into the weekend flat

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Laura do you mind if I ask, if you would usually be risking 1% of your account is this where you would calculate your emergency stop? and so your TP would (or may) be smaller say around .5%? I ask because i have noted your comments about risk and reward

thank you

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Pips 29, thanks for posting. What settings are you using for DrBob? are they the same for all TFs>

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Hi,

Let's say you are risking 1% of your account in the form of an emergency stop. Where you take profit has no relation to this. I know many will disagree with this statement but we can only ever take what the markets offer us. Also, you touched upon my views on RRR. I think it's meaningless, in isolation. Once we factor in our expectancy via our win rate, average winner, average loser and profit factor, we begin to form a more useful picture.

Remember, your emergency risk is 1% - not your expected risk. Your expected risk is where you intend to close the position if you are proved wrong in your theory. You should know in advance where this is likely to be as a worst case scenario. Actually, you might even end up with less risk as something might happen when the trade is open to make you want to get out early.

When calculating your position size and then your risk, look at where the emergency stop would be in relation to price action. Is it out of the way or is it in an obvious place where there are likely to be an accumulation of stops and pending orders sitting. Or, even worse, is it right in the middle of active structure. If it's the second or third options, you either want to pass up the trade or adjust your position size to allow a wider stop.

When calculating your profit target, you want to look at where a logical place might be for price to reach and potentially turn around. Personally, I have these targets in my mind but I wait to see how price reacts when it gets there. It might be that it sails right through the area and I can stay in the trade for a larger gain. Again, you might decide the logical profit target isn't large enough to justify the expected risk, in which case you move on to finding other opportunities.

I come at this from the viewpoint of someone who actively manages each trade. I don't do set and forget. If you are asking about a set and forget style of trading, I might struggle to give meaningful advice.

If you are also actively managing each trade, you can actually afford to be more generous with your emergency stop. Some traders go to 1.5%, some to 2%. But only because their stops are hit almost never.

I'm sorry I can't give a neat little "risk x% each trade and aim for y% profit" but my trading doesn't work on that basis.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
yes, same throughout,50 and 14

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Trading has been good this week, previous week was a total massacre, I was over-trading so have dropped the M15 and have traded H1 only which has given better results, 34 winners and 13 losers. I have also been using 'OGT Trend Dashboard v1.2.ex4' to highlight trending pairs.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Thanks for your great answer

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
The market is in a constant state of offering. You can only ever take what you are able to take.

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
I'm curious to know if you have changed the parameters of the OGT Dashboard from 200 ,100, 50 moving averages to something shorter, or do you leave them alone to determine the trend?

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Hi Guys, can anyone please share this indi?

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Drag the trade from the Terminal history window onto the chart.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
He has a youtube channel where he goes into it in depth. His original preferred settings were 50,20,10 exponential and his current preferred settings are 30,20,10. I am using the 50,20,10 MA's and timeframes from M15 to Daily and will only consider a setup if H1 to Daily agree. You will need to experiment to see what works for you. Any mtf trend indicator should work just as well.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Closing this pair for some profits .I do have another £ pair

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Whatever happened to the simplicity of the Daylight method?

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
It's simple enough to me

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
or perhaps you like this chart

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
When I took the trade this morning everything was lining up nicely on H1 and H4 as concerned pa, however the williams' indicator on H4 was showing otherwise. I was just targetting 20 pips but did not get it. Trades do go the other way even if you had followed various tf

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
this is another pair I'm in atm. ,I'm using the template as shown as I do not like the PAC on the 15M chart. I feel cramped with the PAC..I'm using the 8 ema. The 5 ema smoothed is almost identical to the 8 ema..I'm sure Laura knows this as she was using the 8 ema channel previously. I will refrain from posting here if Laura objects to me using the 8 ema..could be my last post here

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
8 EMA is blue and the red is 55 EMA? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
the red is 34 ema. I believe Laura in her other thread use the 55ema channel as the dividing line between going short or long. I have grown accustomed with the 34 ema over the years

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Go on, add another indicator - you know you want to

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
sorry to disappoint you as I have only 2 mAs' on my M15 chart..maybe you should add more to your chart if you like. Target hit on UY. The williams' is a wonderful indicator. I have to keep that on my chart

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Hi Laura, thanks for the education in Daylight :-).

Testdrivning right now, took long in aud/cad 60 min at the red line. Everything ok there or am i missing something?

Kind regards from Sweden
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Nas 2 trades 80pips. Not happy with 2nd tho as just spotted after the Sunday gap has been filled... there should be the target

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
I have no issues with anyone using whatever combination of Roadmap, Daylight or something else if it helps them become a consistently profitable trader. The only thing I've ever really objected to is people discussing other strategies on my threads as there are more appropriate places to do so.

You are very welcome to post here.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Hi,

Looks good!

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Thanks Laura. I did not take this trade as I was in a few other trades at that time..I'm sure you would have taken this if you were looking..btw I use M5/M1 to trade minerals and metals

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Friday's high might pose some problem,once price gets past that and followed by a re-test price might go much higher..GL with the trade

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I have just taken this long. If you take a look at H1 you will find a signal just looking at the williams' indi, on H4 the MAs' on the Williams' are pointing up now though it's still below the -50 level

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Respect to you for posting (often) in real time not hindsight.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
No -less is more. I 'll content myself with looking at your pyrotechnical indicator display, periodically, of course

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Is anybody trading daylight with full time jobs? Might not be the correct place to ask but just wondering what peoples strategies are who have a day job using Daylight since we can't spend time looking at charts most of the day?

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
trade the htf like H4/Daily or even the weekly, the principle should be the same, only the stops and targets are bigger imo

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
old habits die hard. , since this thread is not about posting live trades I will refrain from doing it here on Laura's thread. Thanks for your compliment, Zimbinga

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
The thread is about learning, so please feel free to post your setups at the time or after the event. Both should contribute towards the learning of readers.

I have no issue with anyone posting live trades. I intended to do it myself until I got sidetracked with other things

But I also don't want people to feel they have to post in real time. Hindsight charts can contain useful learning points too.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Morning,

A little off topic, I hope you don't mind.

What is the name of the indicator showing the upcoming news please?

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
here it is

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
keeping a portion back for target..trade is safe at b/e+

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Trade closed

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
just taken..please dyoa

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
In the same trade mate, hope we take out 1,3930 level and then we get some action north

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
I have scaled 60% off and moved the stop to b/e+,,

EDit: kicked out at b/e

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
In at Gbp/Jpy as well. TP 152,50 level
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
When I trade a chart with a channel on it, I always try to buy at the bottom of the channel and sell at the top of the channel. I trade another method using the daily and weekly tf with a so called channel on it but on the M15 I dislike using the channel. I guess my experience with Dean Malone's PAC and TDI did not leave a good memory

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
This looks like it is in downtrend. Is there a reason you buy at this level.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Just testdrivning every signal i got on 60 min, thats why mate. Close above channel and daylight. But agree with downtrend

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
I guess you guys like to see the stop out point too, so here's the chart

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
I took a portion out and moved the stop to b/e as I felt a bit dizzy. Took a shut eye and was hunted down, anyway,,

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
did the same with this trade but it survives, it's the only trade I have going

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Thanks very much!

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Couple of trades just taken - trying out trailing stops. Feedback for a newbie welcome.

Shoutout to pips29, took some inspiration from your template. Hope you don't mind.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
US30 shows Superior Market Structure - Taking sells then Buys

Laura,I posted your link in my small telegram group some weeks now,its like 4 yrs years old,I trade football on Betfair with my strategy I developed  in-play markets....have it for friends,whatever works I share,so I told them focus on your educational material here.....I want them to read all your work,I earn well in trading and wish everyone has the time to do the same,its not easy,most of my charts are zero indicator type structure.Honestly I didn't think that a perfect combination would be so effective with PA......I'm confident happy and to recommend all your work to anyone. If there were trading in olympics you'll have a GOLD MEDAL

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Hey j4yman, you are most welcome to use the complete template if you so wish , have fun

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
That’s very kind of you. Have you already attached it to a post in this thread somewhere?

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
I suggest you use the templates provided by Laura and trade according to her method. She is so helpful and understanding and will be able to help you whenever you ask

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
I was about to post this trade live just after the post to J4yman ..while doing the previous post price moves down very quickly

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
I agree, when i first started to trade i wanted to learn PA with clean charts.... now that i understand PA i encountered Lauras way of trading, Just to add the few confluences with the addition of understanding PA its quite brilliant how confident and more calm i am when holding trades, and for that reason i am more profitable that ever!!!

so greatful for this forum laura, thanks !

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
I'm in gold. I entered a buy yesterday at the 1H signal. The price came very close to my stop loss, but returned to the opening price and gave another buy signal.

I wait and see what happens next.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Just like you I took this trade late in the evening and left a stop below the low...was in some 20 pips dd but price has recovered enough for me to put my stop at b/e now..stress free mode

Edit: kicked out at b/e

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
I usually trade GY but could not find a concrete trade and so I took this pair instead. The stop is for emergency and I will not hesistate to get out earlier if the trade goes against me. Trade was just taken and so it's live

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
I have just taken another bit off as price looks to be stalling

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
I closed half of it. The rest is at breakeven.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
The beauty. Just like a clock. =) Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
took some out and left the remainder at b/e for the target as shown..good afternoon folks

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
here is the entry and exits on GA

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
it's a beauty like one of my GFs

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
For the love of Laura,

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
another beauty that looks like my other Gf

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
market not too generous to me..stopped out

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
PIPS29, I even told my wife about her, Laura this, Laura that, .......

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Haha, I don't want any jealous wives on my doorstep

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
US30 Respect from yesterday's level,buy target became resistance and dropped.....so much confluence from selling here,those blue boxes are the most powerful on my charts and its actually 90% accurate when I apply them,and basic price action.Large blue boxes just extended on today's prices

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Yes EthanT......very grateful,thanks for the message,PA = the ABC's in trading you creep before you walk...the combination is picture perfect

Isn't it the #1 thread in the world by now at FF lol ???????

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
I have moved the target slightly higher with the remainder. I'm fully satisfied with this trade even if the remainder gets stopped out, I'm not the jealous guy

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
After the way you treat us, the divided attention they are getting, loool expect them in your living room.

By the way, I am in love with this strategy because I just took it to the mt5 platform without a hustle or bothering anyone to code for mt5.

Thank you Laura T.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
I am sure you will have fun if they are hot... Lol

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
one last trade for the day and it's live

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Nice 29 pip profit on this one. Probably should have exited earlier today at the first Williams MA cross but I can only watch charts at night

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
I can't see your entry and exit.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Oops, forgot to mark it. Here it is.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
J4yman..Do the following to show your past trades..

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Thanks - I did do that but it doesn’t show up.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
you can show the atr in pips by having this indicator

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
some traders will know I always remove my stop before the changeover..the reason is the widening of spread during this time, wait at least an hour and put back your stop...on the chart below you will see if I hadn't done that my trade will be stopped out

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Which one? What's it called?

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
woke up to find myself taking a 21 pips loss with the loonie and having EA stopped out at b/e..will make the task today a bit harder as I attempt to recoup the loss and making profits for the day.,let's get cracking

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
this one

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
I have just cash out of this CT trade as price seems to be stalling below the DP

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Thanks for that! Much clearer in pips

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
this pair is not for the light hearted

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
you are welcome..thought I save you some space for your price chart

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Watching this trade was a bit like watching a train wreck, especially since I entered from the Sell signal   . . . (it was in demo so I let it go).

The sub window MAs were not blue-below-red but both under -50 and turning down.

Was this a poor trade or just unfortunate?

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Be careful with the signals where the arrow appears because the line went close to -50 and then backed away again, as in this case.

The red line was generally travelling up and the blue line was above the red. Less than ideal.

Try to find entries where things are a lot more obvious.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Thanks Laura : ) . . . it often looks clearer . .later!

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
I've been using Barraka's arrow indicator and the Blue MA is size 2. Whenever I try and change it to size 3 it does it but goes back to 2 after reloading the chart.

Tried saving the template to no avail. Anyone else had this issue?

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Usd/Cad gave me some pips today. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Four candles previous to your entry, price made a higher high. These are price action clues to watch for. The previous sell arrow to your entry sell arrow, price was making a lower low.

Would also suggest trading the 5 minute chart at the very most for the Dow US30 as this is a very volatile beast. Just a suggestion.

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
The sell failed.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Hi Laura

Hopefully you are well. I took these trades today, accumulated some losers but concluded the day on profit. I noticed am more sober if I do not have to scan multiple instruments.

Please advise me if its okay to trade focusing only on Gold, Oil, and Dow Jones.

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
If you don't know that the DAX and the Dow are different instruments, then I'd humbly suggest you leave them both alone.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
I have heard your kind words. clearly I have to locate a broker that will provide the DJ.

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
How about US30? Dow with a different name. And the NASDAQ is US100 or UT100 or NAS100. All are scary assets.

DAX is DE30 or GER30.

Stick with forex.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Thanks . . .appreciate the input : )

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
I'm not complaining - but this is about 20% of my weekly goal. Got to figure out more entries or better trade management.  Anyway, thanks again, LauraT, your basic daylight strategy is a winner.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Managed to jump on EU after the NFP for +33. I too need to work on trade management and exits.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
did alright on this one as well USD/CHF +41

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Don't pay all attention to moving averages only,there is more to us that meets the eye on the charts - HH,HL HH HL LH LL LH LL BOOM!

Trains won't wreck on high time frames,only humans do! Frame your trades on a naked chart and then slap on essential  Daylight indicators ,then see the magic,please don't decorate it like an xmas tree,really it's not required,surely not an unmanned drone command control center,its trading for a living....back to basics,your channel,WPR 14 and 2 MAs,horizontal and vertical lines.....one time deposit and frustrate every broker on earth. Using match,probability and statistics,i've found a loophole in chart analysis and this enables me to  trade with only vertical and horizontal lines only.That's all I can say for now,I spend day and night studying charts and what candlesticks really mean,why the win-rate is so low globally in trading,the most profitable traders stay quiet,all by themselves.My latest project is creating the world's most profitable football in-play strategy,all this from a tiny island in the caribbean,sitting at my custom built PC, one laptop ,I will try helping where I can. Thanks to laura,I see brilliance in her trading systems and I believe maybe I could indulge within the thread.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Good Trade Alan,

If this is was a small target achieved, happy you did may you achieve many more,such entries at volatile session with news are just ideal for earning profit.Having NFP rise by 943K,average hourly earnings increased,unemployment rate declined and labor force participation rate increased too,this was a trader's dream come true.When such figures sync together the dollar got shocked,even more so the market...as Wed figures were totally opposite.As a pepperstone trading analyst told me that don't put much thought into Wed. report before NFP usually it does not appear to be true,he was right this time and discussed this on GOLD webinar at 1am this morning on YT channel....

The USDCHF (208.9% ADR )chart below told me to look at a market rally on the dollar from 1am and 15-20 hrs before expect a retest in the zone before,it was accurate,even with NFP news ahead......price leaves it footprints,you have to be able to identify that indise price action.It means someone has planned this move way before time,those who recognise that will become profitable long term.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Thanks for your input . . .I do work at having a tidy chart, with 100MA for basic direction, one eye on the Daylight and one eye on the overall picture . . .

Good luck with the football : )

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
US30 some levels of last week,respected its retracement...if price breaks lower I look for shorts on pullbacks just as buys earlier

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Hey jojo - after an hour and a half  with 2 TOS Support helpers I got the W% indie on my chart. Question: Is "length" suppose to be 15? I may have accidently changed it. Hope you are trading profitably.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
US30 updated levels - When you building a house you frame it first,everything else comes after
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Just taken this trade on GBPAUD. My entry might be a little late but I figured the M15 was printing HH HL (besides recent swing low) and was in a nice uptrend on the H4 chart so I think this still has room on the upside. Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
A lucky one on CHFJPY today for +91 in amongst some dud trades. I Need to be more selective in my trade decision making. Seems like the asset is waiting for me to place a trade before reversing to my SL for some reason. Maybe trades around news events turn out better.  Keep at it.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Two trades yesterday, both based on H4 and entered on H1. MA and Trend indicator both heading up with 5MA channel on buy side.

GBPJPY looked like it was in a range so I took first trade at bottom of range then another entry when it broke Friday's low. Target was 153.00.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Second trade was USDCAD which came down to day's open then second entry on the touch of the 50ema. Target was 1.2575 which was just under Friday's high and Asia session high.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not a lot of news this week so may sit on my hands until later in the week.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Dollar is rising like the sun and Gold is sinking like the titanic,below 1723.81,there could be danger for buyers stuck Wear 2 masks and be safe.My targets already hit.....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Hope you made some valuable pips up and downCheck the screenshots before and after.....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Relaxed trading :-). Closed cad/jpy with 53 pip in green
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
My 31pips , Gold M5, price closed above the channel followed by daylight, entered at open of next candle and sat on my hands, set my profit target looking at the 15min previous highs,

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
XAUUSD - 40+ pips,I had 8 position and went to sleep.....now 2 left running, HH,HL HH,HL thats the sequence.I didn't catch the deep pullback initially,would been the best buy today,ignore the fact that the channel is missing,i had switched charts,forgot to apply..... but the principle is the same Daylight trading,next post i will add the channel once more. Green horizontal lines are possible targets.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
XAUUSD again PRICELESS!- The Hunter becomes the hunted there is nothing shocking in this market I don't understand lol, 5 pip SL set

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
awesome gold mining skill you got there

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Hi Laura,

I am new to the thread and found your Daylight strategy quite interesting. I read through all the posts in the last couple of days and am looking for some clarifications. If I consider the aggressive option, using the -50 bias approach, would I be right in entering a trade once the candle close closes outside the channel and the red line crosses the -50 line in the sub-window? Of course the closing outside the channel and crossing of the -50 line should be relevant to whether it is a buy or sell trade? If a daylight appears in the sub-window, but before the cross of the -50 line, do we need to wait till the -50 line is crossed?

Hope my question is clear.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Think I got lucky on this EURAUD one. +177 covers today's other stopped out trades.

Lets call it a work in progress

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Hi,

If you are using the -50 bias (regardless of whether you are using standard or aggressive), you first of all take your bias from the sub-window and then wait for price to close on the correct side of the channel.

If daylight appears in the sub-window before it crosses the -50 line you can take an entry but then you wouldn't be trading with the -50 bias.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
That’s very clear now. Many thanks.

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
I spend my life online researching things and projects I can earn a dollar, since I lost my job last year during lockdown,boss can't afford to pay me and that is only excuse from him.Greed,Power,Money! Now ,I think it's a blessing in disguise he did the right thing,lol.....

PS: Im still long on Gold lol

Thank you p29.....much respect bro,keep safe

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Sometimes you need your bridges burned for you.

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
one million % right bro

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Thats a good innings only if you ask me,the only players you missing are..... Brian Lara,Curtly Ambrose and the three W's ,West Indies greatest and most feared cricketers...thats no luck at all...doing the same thing over and over with better results,its professionalism and not madness  Keep it up

But where is your other side of the chart Alan? lol

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
That is insane! 5 pips stop loss?

Great stuff.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
I am curious if anyone here has tried this strategy on a higher time frame, such as H4. If so, how much success have you had using it?

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Hey dot....I think I said the wrong thing earlier,its break even pips,moved the SL there and of course we know what gold always do,try taking you out,ever 5 pips SL its being hunted lol. SL at 100 as I speak and it just over 180 pips,final position.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
XAUUSD Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Can we use this system in lower TF like M5-M15 ?>?

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Read the thread! Look at the charts!

Example - The last page has a one minute chart.

Laura advises a minimum of 5 minutes for a lower time frame on forex.
Read the whole thread and her journal where basic questions such as yours have been answered countless times.

Traders here have there own variations.

If you put in some work, lots of time and demo then you will find what suits you.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
And stop spamming here with your url link

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Short on Gold 15TF : Got stopped out for 12pips

Short on AUDJPY 1HR: Unfortunately got stopped.

Short on NZDJPY 1HR: Still on..

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Ah, ok. Still conquering Gold is not easy. And you appear to be consistent at it.

I see that you do not use any long term MA to determine direction bias, so it based on Support & Resistance and structure as in HH, HL, LL, LH etc?

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD 5M buy trade. I use a very tight TSL due to job constraints

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Attachment gGBPUSD

Hi Laura,

Over the years I have used and tested hundreds of indicators/EAs but nothing comes close to your simple setup. Thanks again for making my life easier, I have always had high blood pressure from Monday to Friday, its seems like you just saved my life.

For the Chart I posted its GBP/USD Tick 1000, I took a sell since yesterday and I added two more sells today since the downtrend is still strong, I have been trailing wth a stop and currently they are at 64,37, and 6 pips.

Every trader has his own style of trading but I prefer if I am wrong I lose a single trade. If I am right I really ride the trend multiple times.

I used Exponential Moving Average instead on both the main chart and W%R window.

So whats your view on using the Tick Chart and EMA?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Hi,

Glad I'm helping your blood pressure

Unfortunately your attachment isn't working.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
I think its working now

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
Thanks. Now I see.

I'm not surprised it also seems to work fine on a tick chart as the principles should apply just the same. Especially when your tick chart isn't set to too low a number.

Also, nice trade management. I agree with you - adding to winning trades to press home the occasions when you are correct is very sensible.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
H4 accuracy + patience = success  sure it can

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
I have but not much though. If you have patience to wait for at up on 4h you will get some good trades.

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Read the thread?  What is this sorcery?

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
@jamzzz,

what are your settings in the indicator below, Williams is 14 and the rest?

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Hello,

I tried to open the shared indicators but it is saying it cannot be opened. can you post the script?

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
1. I used Williams 14 as you noticed but set to Invisible

then I added EMAs to the Williams window

2.  EMA 9 Colored Green

3.  EMA 21 Colored Red

But its not the holy Grail just a high probabilty setup

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Trade mostly on higher TF.....1 hr min and mostly 4hr and Daily.  Very good method for these higher timeframes.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Still keeping up with my Gold M5, don't know if I am lucky but seems am getting it weirdly right. 90pips.

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
@jamzzz, thank you, i know, but this setting has a good smooth run, that's why the question

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Hi swingtrade65,

I am interested to learn more on how you approach your trading on higher time frame i.e. entry and trade management. I find the drawdown difficult to handle and then to manage it till it gets to the intended target. Do you look at any charts lower than 1 hour at all? Do you use lower time frames to enter the trade at better price and so on.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Same here just bagged 55pips on EURUSD, the annoying part is I left my computer and went out, but I should have added at least one more trade or two.

Laura thanks again

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
hi guys, is this a valid sell setup using aggressive method ?

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Yes, it's valid.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Thank you for sharing your hard work Laura, do you have conflicting setups going from 5 min to 4h? I mean the 15 min might give you a sell when the 1h can give you a buy setup.

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Sure. Some people prefer to just focus on one timeframe and take those signals, others like to carry out higher timeframe analysis and refine their entries on lower timeframes. Both approaches are valid.

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
couple of trades

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Easy Trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Just closed this one also

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
One more closed...actually 2 different trades from different timeframe charts allowed me to catch the majority of this move. One for +65 and the other for +42

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Hey Swing...what indicator do you use for your candles? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
EURGBP on 1 Hr TF.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
I use RSI chart bars....52 or greater is blue  48 and below is red

Attached File(s)   rsi chart bars.ex4

3 KB
|
347 downloads
Attached File(s)   rsi chart bars.mq4

3 KB
|
370 downloads

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Couple more closed

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Hi Swingtrade65

Impressive trade results! I am a little confused with your charts as I see that the trades were opened on the wrong side of the channel and sometimes even the sub-window did not show the right direction to support? You went short on AUDUSD for e.g. when the candle crossed up on the channel? Maybe you have some other confirmations or charts to take those trades?

Look forward to understanding your approach.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
No confusion at all. I trade several different timeframes with this method.

I simply use 15 min charts to show all of my trades regardless of what timeframe it was entered on.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
OK, I understand. Do you also use some other indicators as you appear to be very consistent in winning your trades.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
A combination in the channel with Daylight & Roadmap Trading

The rest is pure forex price action and my style finding perfect support and resistance

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
No, I don't use any other indicators. What I always look at is WHERE we are on the pair....  Context is absolutely everything

In addition to this method which works very well on its own, when you "look left" and also understand where you are in the daily cycle, it becomes a lot easier

If this doesn't make sense or you have other questions...ask

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
EU short worked out well

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
would appreciate if you could explain a bit more about the "context of the daily cycle" bit.

Thanks for your willingness to take these questions.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
not the best of entry but it did pay

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
this is a beasty pair and so locking in as fast as possible

Edit:kicked out at b/e

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
These are my thoughts and opinions only and are based on what I see in the markets as a "daily cycle'

After the NY close at 5pm we are left with a couple of hours with wide spreads and no action or real movement as the day closes.

Once Asia opens, we start the daily cycle. We establish a range during the first couple of hours of Tokyo as the markets generally move in an orderly fashion with lower liquidity.

As we move towards the Frankfurt and London opens, volatility increases and we start to establish a "direction" for the day.

After we establish the opening range in Tokyo, I am on the lookout for the asian pairs that are near resistance or support and starting to establish a direction...whether it be continuation or reversal doesn't matter. This is where the "system" comes into play. Use the daylight method to enter as we try to get in early for the days move.

After the Frankfurt/London opening moves are done the market tends to consolidate before the NY open....not a good time or place to be trading....

Next we have the NY open. Highest volatility and liquidity of the day as both London and Frankie are on line as well. Good impulse moves here.

Next, NY goes into consolidation mode as London closes.

We are now back to approaching the afternoon and NY close and starting the cycle all over again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
a CT trade as the pair exceeded the adr by quite a bit..R:r is good and so I took the trade..williams at 50 level

EDit: bad idea -17

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Slow and steady, really nice system Laura.  Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hope this works!

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
You are crushing it, guys - congratulations!

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Got lucky on GU +295

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
do you always wait for the retest of S&R?

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
& respect for posting loser, they are often more informative. Normally you would wait for a bar to close above the range before taking a long in that example?

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Most of my "good ideas" cost me money.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
[quote=swingtrade65;13671021]{quote} These are my thoughts and opinions only and are based on what I see in the markets as a "daily cycle' After the NY close at 5pm we are left with a couple of hours with wide spreads and no action or real movement as the day closes ........."

Thanks for your detailed explanation. Very insightful indeed.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Most times I do,this is where the edge lies......if you want close to ZERO PIPS drawdown thats the place to be,off the WICK!

Structure and timing needs to be perfect.

COUNTER-TRENDING IN THE DEEP BLUE SEA!

Below is the higher time frame analysis for those M5 screen shots above.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
yes, I jumped in early with risk fully calculated and knowing that should I lose I would still end the day with a nett gain after chalking some gains on EU and AN..When I took the trade I knew there was a chance I could be wrong and price can drop further to the most recent swing low on H4 and possibly the recent low of 6881 on the daily, anything lower would mean price dropping to test the 6800 level..this is how I see on this pair...there is some big news out from NZ later on in the morning when I will fast asleep. I still have some time to trade between now and my sleep time..I'm actually back in a long...let's see

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Too right

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The gold trade did not go according to plan..

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
I think you should trade with the H4 direction. Look at it. Gold is bull. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
I should have.

However, I am trying the entry method on 1hr, strictly, just to check the bearings.

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
taken out by the spike after I have taken 1/2 out

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
I took this trade before leaving home.and using the mobile for the exits. I'm in front of the computer screen now and will be looking for my next trade after posting this

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Similar trade EURJPY 1HR

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
GBPCHF on 1h TF - getting the hang of daylight :-)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
closing this before fomc

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
AUDJPY on 1H TF - not the best of the setup but profit is profit :-)

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
GBPUSD on 1h TF - addicted to daylight :-)

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Most of the pairs have either exceeded the adr or about to hit it..for being cautious I missed the entry short for NU.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
The dollar chart for those who are interested

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
for those interested the euro and yen charts too

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Time to close this one :-)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Current trade - GBPCHF on 1H TF. No exit yet.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Did the same trade.....Nice one!

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
not a pair I trade regularly but the set up was there to be taken

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
I missed the entry lower down but she still pays

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
pending sell was just triggered

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
So here is a real time trade I am in. This is a common dilemma for everyone of us.

I am short the AUDNZD and I am in decent profit right now + 20 on the aggregate position

Now if I look at where we are on the bigger picture like 4hr and above...the answers on what to do become more clear to me and seem to fit my eye so to speak.

Even as high as the weekly just for a peek

So the decision on target is either A) take the +60 or so in front of the low @ 1.0420 OR B) Hold to see if it will break down on the bigger picture for another +350-400

-If you decide to hold, how do you trail it that makes the most sense? How much do you give back on each retracement in the belief that another lower low is coming?

- Do you just take the really easy money right now or on the next impulse down if we get one?

- There are consequences with each choice.....If you grab the easiest of money, you forego a much larger win with limited risk if any. Are you capable of sitting through a 25 -50 pip reversal against you that does nothing to change the bigger picture but you are still out those pips at least for the time being......and what if it goes another 30 after that against you.

Your ability to make these decisions with money on the table are IMHO what separates winners from losers in the long run. These are tough choices that affect your psyche. What if you exit in front of the 1.0420 number and see it fall right through and down another 150 pips in the next 2 days.....Do you beat yourself up over the what if?

Enough of this stuff for today....enjoy the ride!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
You can do both by taking partial profit upfront and let the rest ride.

I don't think there is any right or wrong - this is upto your personality. I personally am a nervous wreck when it comes to riding trend. I prefer fixed TP and SL. Yes I have missed long rides but that has also saved me from going into loss when price turned against me.

Just my thoughts though :-)

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Still reading your post.....I am uploading the framework for this trading system

I am able to help anyone to prepare their charts for daylight from scratch,drop the indicators now and see the magic

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
that's one massive target you got there..GL

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
not as ambitious as yours but fairly decent if it gets hit by the end of this week

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
taking a piece out and moving the stop lower

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
I am working on almost the same way of trading, only the difference I look for Support/Resistance on daily TF and then go to lower TF preferably H1 for entry. The only problem I am facing is the confirmation on lower TF as I am trading from mobile so EMAs on lower chart window are not showing correctly, so I am currently using BBMA for confirmation, those who are trading from PC/laptop may use this strategy as strong confirmation for entry.

Now I take the example of same trade..

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Gold +65. nice

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
anyone in this trade

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
some gold mining skill there,Alan

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
As it's Friday, I take profits early and keep my trades safe asap

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Time to close this one, would like to close it before weekend. Not much but profit is profit.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Friday is closing day for me :-). Another 37 pip to the bank

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
And last one, had an amazing week, tx Laura

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Started trying this strategy with already 4-1 trade on plus side.

Posting a live trade now Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Taken a buy order at 0.91794 with SL at 0.91694 and TP at 0.91894

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Another set up in 30 minutes chart for USDJPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BUY at 109.785 with SL 109.685 and TP at 109.885

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Both previous order closed at SL

Will wait for another set up to form. Lets see how this works out.

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Your stops are way too tight....Stops are for emergencies....

You still have to manage the trade, this is not set and forget.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
A bit tight SL mate

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Thanks for your feedback

My strategy is to try for Risk to Reward of 1:1 so 100 pips on either side for my exit.

My USDJPY trade is still live as another trade from another strategy got exit on SL.

That trade is about to hit TP.

Also at this moment, I am just learning to see how this tight SL and TP strategies work.

Taken another trade on USDCAD on 1 HR timeframe

Sell at 1.28585 with SL at 1.28685 and TP at 1.28485

Reason for entry - Daylight with last candle closing below the green line.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
When you trade with an indicator type system you must have a reason for taking trades accurately and thats your basic framework in trading.......

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Good news man,this is excellent way of trading.Get a PC/laptop thats the true way of having full trading experience with visible analysis on bigger screen.

Very rare do I look at Daily,maybe just a glance but my main trading occurs from H1 down at time H4 necessary.......I have a unique way to frame my charts,i mean every knows swing points,but there is an edge on when i draw my zones,never seen anyone in the world show it neither explain,maybe its a secret lol.

I have drawn zones on gold and trapped price respecting all levels each time from H1 as you see here,taking M1/M5 entries you get into price action........

I like daylight system its probably the best on FF not forgetting Roadmap too  ,adds important confluence to one's existing analysis.I will trying posting often and show what may happen before it does...I framed AUDNZD,you could see price stays down and reached inside the rectangular box and thats could be a target for those guys who trade that pair. Keep good and in contact Pundit78

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Why you added Bollinger? BBMA is another strategy,you should stick to Daylight,lol...those 2 charts above are enough,use a confirmation chart that acquire the use of candlesticks only and then drop daylight on,you'll see magical things happen,I'm sure that Laura does her analysis too without trading this system blindly,nobody does.She explain fully in her journal about market structure,go take a read of her Journal from start to end.....thats why she's successful and can also be an excellent teacher.

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Thanks scsstnt, I do have laptop and PC but do not use it due to job commitments. I am finding a way for confirmation on mobile, this is device I can access everytime, everywhere.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
I will surely read Laura's journal. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
anyone have this indicator, can you share with me.

Sincerely,
Filipino

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Here you go......
Attached File(s)   ADR_Marker.ex4

12 KB
|
301 downloads
Attached File(s)   ADR_v2.ex4

11 KB
|
280 downloads

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All trades entered at-least 2 to 3 bars late. So I will either use trailing stop or close them as a basket.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
I have been following FF for a while and been trading for a couple of years,  just joined the other day so that I can post in this thread.  This is my first trade with the method.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Congrats, your first trade is a winner,once you got a solid MM set of rules,the sky's the limit! May the power of TP always be with you

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Laura -is there a %R indicator for Trading view charts please?

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
I was in the exact same trade. Just took 40 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Thank you.  Trying to hang on until it closes back within the channel, not sure I have the patience though

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Has Mr "read the thread" not seen post 1?

There is a TradingView script linked in opening post.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Nice start.

Don't be afraid to take partial profits off the table and leave a little on to see where it goes. Good remedy for those unable to hold onto winners or where time/patience is an issue.

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Thanks for the advice Laura   Did just that, took out half.

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Apologies - I assumed there was a template for Roadmap because I read a post about it on that thread but did not see a similar post on the "Daylight" strategy thread. I'll get me coat

Post 177 by Pedro?

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Sell EURNZD. Let see what happens at the end of the day.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
SELL EURAUD. Let see EOD.

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
So far so good. Will wait till EOD.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
Taken a sell order on USD/CAD with crossover in moving average
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sell Order at 1.26375 wih TP 1.26275 and SL 1.26575

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Me too.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
NZDCHF buy.

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
XAUUSD buy

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
2nd trade with this method EJ sell.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
So he has ascended!

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
no understand

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Is it part of the Daylight strategy?

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
The first image is the other half of the EurAud I took yesterday, exited because of the 200sma.  The second image is the loss on EurJpy, I closed because price closed back above the channel and the ma's crossed back up.

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Guys, at risking of P'ng someone off, can you tell me what the SMA set up is on Trading View.

I can't seem to work it out as Trading view you can't offset etc?

Do you have both versions, the standard and the aggressive?

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
No.

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
I posted that ADR indicator,what seems to be the problem? ADR is part what strategy? Do you know what ADR means at all?

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Hi.

I take it you’ve found the TradingView indicators scripted by Pedro. They’re linked at the bottom of Laura’s first post in this thread.

You can switch between the normal or aggressive approach by unchecking the ‘show 1H setup’ in the settings. This will give you the offset MA.

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Channel is two smoothed moving averages set to 5, one high one low.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Did anyone catch any fish today?

If you show your nets, it might encourage other people to work harder....

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
I use a fishing line and a worm as bait

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Just getting back on and seeing this but I'm highly appreciative!

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
How to plan a stop loss?

Can this part be written as an EA?

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
very quiet here

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Hi,

Anyone get Daylight Dashboard V2.2 not working? It's worked fine until today. I try both on my computer and  VPS but it still the same.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Dear Laura,

My problem is not entries with your strategy I have superb entries with the setup, but the problem is the exit. We have optimal entries but how about optimal exits, I have tried to find exits but I always lose a massive amount of pips.

Please Laura can I have your take on this.

Below is Dow Jones from Asian Session to European Session.

Ist Screenshot is the entry on Dow

2nd Screenshot is Trade hitting my TP and just continuing with the trend even as I am writing this  I should have not exited , Although my TP was close to a resistance level. But still how can we really milk the market??

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
If you are able to actively manage your trades, you will not have any need to automatically exit at a resistance level. Instead, you can watch how price reacts when it reaches that level, as it will sometimes just blow right through.

In terms of staying in a trade for the maximum amount of time, what you might find helpful is to use the Daylight Standard settings on the 5m timeframe and trade the cross of the -50 line. See chart below - you would still be in the long trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Thanks Laura you are the best, I always love your insightful advice. I will update you on my quest to find the perfect exit.

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Arrows are not showing, please send me the tpl with arrow

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
ME and daylight and US30 on M5 chart

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Perfect Sell entry, but missed spike for a perfect exit. Daylight rules met , profitable trade on overall

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
An easy 42 pips on eurusd:

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
A buy earlier on us100

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
So Gold H1 today. Having a problem getting the chart image I want but we have been in a downtrend until higher low when it broke the daily open to the long side and retested it. Still below 200MA though. Williams had crossed 50 with daylight. Laura do you think its a sound decision to go long after the retest? I note price has reached ADR high but fell short so far of yesterday's high. If I had taken the trade I think I would take profit after the close of the candle which left a wick falling short of yesterdays high.

https://charts.mql5.com/30/50/xauusd...ding-ltd-2.png

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Yes, looks fine.

ADR is much more a factor for currencies. Gold and indices etc adhere much less to it, so I'd be comfortable ignoring it if the other conditions were right.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Many thanks Laura & for info about ADR.

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
There is often divergence before good price move. I am wondering whether to make it a trading rule that there is divergence on M15 or H1 before pulling the trigger. So Gold H1 chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
This is first page stuff, so I hope this wasn't covered before, but why aren't these set ups I found (marked in black in my image) valid for example? Why the spots I marked do not have a red arrow above them? I assume those were just overlooked? because they seem valid to me
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another thing about the same image, if we were to take the first set up it would've been a loss right? Because at the point directed by the black arrow it would've hit 2 exit points, hence two reasons to exit the position
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course I don't expect Laura to answer it, I welcome any input from anyone using this strategy

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Its better you stick to at least H1 if not you will just be whipsawed out of good trades, you still need price action though is the market ranging or setting up LHs and LLs or vice-versa? Based upon your analysis you take a loss or stick with the trade.

Anything below H1 you will be taken to butchers by the Market no matter how good you are. Be patient and stick with the larger timeframes and you will get spectacular trades. Slow and steady bags you pips.

But for Indices you can still use M5.

Just in case you are still confused on the state of the market, view a higher timeframe.

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
On the places you have marked for entry, there was no daylight on the bottom indicator, the one that would have been a loss on the second image you could either stay with it because the bottom indicator hadn't crossed, or you could have taken the loss and then won the next two.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'm not an expert on divergence, so i don't know if this example strictly counts as divergence, but together with 50 cross it's worked for at least 20 pips now locked in. A bit late to the party perhaps.

So Gold M15

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
I am not expert myself but I think your missing the whole point of divergence, divergence occurs when an indicator diverges from the market structure i.e. the market is an uptrend whilst the indicator diverges into a downtrend and vice-versa.

Attached is GBP/USD Tick1000 was making HHs then Daylight started making LHs, giving you a heads up for the massive downtrend to later come into play.

Second Chart is XAU/USD M15 with the same logic

Thats my view on Divergence Please correct me if I am wrong.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Dear Laura,

I painstakingly tried several twists and kinks to Daylight and I think I have come up with something workable. it just beats your current settings with entries and exits. I didnt cherry pick this chart, Its just the same thing over and over again in my backtests. Have a look at it and let us have your view please.

Attached is GBP/CHF H1 of now

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Sorry I forgot to point out

GBPCHF H1 Chart on the left is my update to Daylight

GBPCHF H1 Chart on the right is Daylight standard settings

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
That's useful, thanks for that.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Hi,

Thanks for sharing - what settings are you using please?

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
It seems that jamzzz's settings were:

Hull MA 21 (close), EMA 5 (applied to Hull 21).

And for oscillator: Hull 18 (applied to Williams%R 14) and SMMA 4 (applied to Hull 18).

As I am also using cTrader I managed to get very close picture to his picture.

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Thank you. I'll take a look.

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Thanks, I just opened CTrader account, does Hull MA is a custom indicator in there? Do I need to purchase it to use from their desktop/web app?

I couldn't get a working Hull MA for MT4 which can be applied to Williams%R as well

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
It is in the desktop version of cTrader. You have to install it on your computer. Web-version does not contain it. And you can't apply any indicator to some other indicator in web-version as well. Only to open/close/high/low.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Thanks,

I have both indicator atatched here. I get the first one (Hull Moving Average.mql4) from MQL5 website and I coded the second one myself (DaylightOscillatorHull.mql4) because the custom one from MQL5 website doesn't have ability to use WPR as the source of the Hull MA.

I hope this helps, cheers

EDIT: Screenshot from MT4 attached and updated the indicator. I see more similar result using slow 21 and fast 5, same WPR 14

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Very nice.  Thanks for sharing this!

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Yip, I have a very-very small experience in trading and I see this Daylight system is so simple yet so powerful.

I thought I might can help Laura and everyone else here validates the suggested improvement from by jamzzz by creating this indicator

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Dear Laura,

Sorry for my late reply, I was so so busy. What I did is just simple, of all the moving averages the Hull moving average is the only one that has Zero lag.

I just swapped all the Moving averages with Hull. Simple!!!!  Then just try a combination 21/29, 21/35, 21/31. I just use the same combo of Hull in the main chart and Daylight.

I hope my addition to Daylight will help!!!

Thanks Laura you are my hero!!!

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Nice!!!!

So close though, what I used is in my previous post. I am  trying to figure out how to deal with this update in very strong trends, and maybe refine the entries and exits.

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Heroine ( Don't leave out the "e.")

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Ah so all the MAs are Hull, then I need to update my script for this.

I might understood you wrong on your reply, so can you please clarify these:

- What period of MA are on the chart

- What period of WPR is on the sub window

- What period of MA are on the sub-window

- What divisor of Hull MA you use on all of them?

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Thank you Laura, for an interesting approach to the use of indicators and the trading system.

I wrote an indicator for the test, it is not particularly fast, but it performs its task, displays arrows on the signals of two MA in the Williams indicator window.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Read the last post on this extracted thread: Gives a good overview of the realities of trading and the need for money management and discipline.

( I wonder how many will actually read it)
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13737863

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
I did! It's wisdom gained from experience and patience.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Hello.

Can you paste your Hull indicator on FF?

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
I use Ctrader for my trading not MT4, thats why I didn't share any template or indicators, if you use Ctrader I can share the template for you.

If you scalp the markets God!!!!!  Ctrader is just the best

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
[quote = jamzzz; 13738997] {quote} Я использую Ctrader для своей торговли, а не MT4, поэтому я не предоставил ни одного шаблона или индикаторов, если вы используете Ctrader, я могу поделиться шаблоном для вас. Если скальпировать рынки Боже !!!!! Ctrader просто лучший [/ quote]

Share for everyone. Publish.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
So I've read the thread and now I'm reading it again and I just want to clarify. This sentence is no longer true right? It is a reliable filter in the aggressive mode because everyone is using it now.

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Globalprime is also great for scalping.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Hi

I was wondering if you could tel me which indicator you use to display your account/trade information like in the table in screenshot?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Attached File(s)   TradeReport_compact - v.1.04.ex4

121 KB
|
268 downloads
Attached File(s)   TradeReport_compact - v.1.04.mq4

153 KB
|
310 downloads

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Hello Jamzzz,

I would appreciate if you can share your template. i use cTrader

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Okay over the weekend

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Thanks Man.

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
I always get an error message when I try uploading, I attached a screenshot of the error message. I think FF doesn't support Ctrader file formats.

I am sharing using a file share site I dunno if it works though, if it doesn't suggest another site.
https://ufile.io/8q5cnm69 indicator
https://ufile.io/vn8afrjt indicator
https://ufile.io/mzuxrkwp Daylight Template
https://ufile.io/ye69qnqk Daylight Hull Template

I hope this helps

Happy Trading

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
If you can change the file to .mq4 before uploading it?, then after downloading change the extension to original.. OR...

https://www.google.com/search?q=pic++hosting
http://www.google.com/search?q=file+hosting

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
The file upload seems to work fine.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Hi Laura,

I hope you are well, haven't seen activities yet in this thread  but never the less, I created this Daylight Oscillator indicator to easily add new indicator with different timeframe in single chart. I Hope this helps when multi timeframe analysis.

-- Edit: histogram will be green when SMMA 21 is above 53, and red when SMMA 21 is below 47. These values are hard-coded at the moment.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Hi,

Apologies for the delay in replying.

This is great - thanks so much! I think Daylight traders will find it very useful.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Hi LauraT

Nice strategy you have put together here!

I find that applying Heiken Ashi candles can compliment your strategy by helping you stay the trade a bit longer & taking some of the noise out of the price action.

I've attached a Heiken Ashi Indicator with an On/Off button for anyone that would like to use it.

Enjoy!

G

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
@LauraT - Embarrassing question for you (embarrassing to me, that is).  What do you mean by "active trade management"?  I have this visual of you sitting in front of your monitor all day.  Is that accurate?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Nothing to be embarrassed about

In a way, yes. If I decide I'm going to trade for 4 hrs tomorrow I'll give the screen my full attention for most of that time.

I guess active trade management is just the opposite of a set and forget approach. I prefer to exit based on what's unfolding rather than using an arbitrary SL. However, I completely understand that it's not possible, or desirable, for many people.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Don't know if anyone has seen this YouTuber, but he has, on the face of it, traded this system, and got some datasets.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Neat 1:3 risk-reward trade on 5 min TF in Nifty index futures.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Hello all, Thank You gedeh for the osccillator , asking if it's possible to "change" the colors?, when I do it, them revert back when I change Tfs

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Hi, is that symbol and timeframe switcher so you dont need to open multiple charts for different pairs? What is the indicator name please, or maybe you can share it here? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Hello, glad it could help. Unfortunately when you change TF it resets the color but if chart timeframe is kept, it will stays

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Hi Laura, thank you very much for this easy visual method.

Been trading this system since middle of December and doing very well.  Trading on H4, and only trading in direction of D1 and W1.  Just following major pairs, choosing the best trending pair to trade, which has been USDJPY for now.

Thanks again, and take care!

--Wally

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Hi, this interesting thread is getting quiet lately, so please see my observations on EUR/USD from this week. I am just starting with this strategy and these are my thoughts from several past days.

On 1H TF price was spinning around 60 MA and just under 200 MA. What can be seen after the breakout and closed candle outside the channel it can be reasonable to wait for a pullback and if it occurs decide from a little bit better price whether to trade or not. Thanks to that it would be possible to got out with lower loss or BE.

I remember that it was already mentioned in this topic in the past and it looks like this advice is still valid.

Any comments to the below potential trades are much appreciated. Has anyone tried to trade these setups?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Hi . . Re Templates / Indicators : I have added these to MT4 platform OK, but would like to add them to an MT5 platform.  (mainly the "Daylight_Aggr. Template" and the "Price_Crosses_5SMMA_High_Low" indicator)

However, repeating the MT4 procedure on MT5 does not seem to work properly (understandably).

Do they need to be re-written for MT5 or am I missing something?

If nothing else, how does one get the two MAs on the Williams %R sub-window (for Daylight Aggr.)

Thanks in advance for any pointers . . .

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Hello LauraT and all members.

Thank you for the great trading idea. I've seen and tested a lot of ideas. I don’t want to say they weren't good, they just didn't work well for me. But this daylight strategy is perfect for me. Just wonderful. Very easy and clear.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I read about the daylight scanner, but unfortunately it doesn't work. But luckily I found another scanner. That is a very big help. It gives me an acoustic signal on my mobile phone and also on my laptop. So I don't have to sit in front of the computer so long and clicking from one currency pair to the next one. This scanner is free.

Here on the chart I put 2 MAs in, just to show. (Yellow and Orange). When yellow and orange cross, comes the signal. This 2 MAs are not there when I am trading. You can play with the MAs settings and set it up according to the situation you want to be notified.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Care should be taken on weak market moves, often the price fails to cross the resistance and support levels. So the price goes back.

Please write a comment about it. I think this combination is fantastic. Comes almost close to the Holy Grail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thank you so much LauraT.

Kind regards

________________

Michael.MSA

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Hi,

Thanks for your kind words. Glad you find Daylight helpful. And thank you for sharing details of the free indicator - i'm sure people will find it useful.

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Haven't posted a Daylight trade in a while but it's been a very good period lately for the aggressive -50 line cross. Here's a Dow trade I closed recently.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
And another...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Just seen this. Is the indicator available on trade view charts?

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Just seen this. Is the indicator available on trade view charts?

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
>What happened to this forum, it's not been active for a while while now

Why everyone has moved back to the Roadmap forum, wasn't this strategy working.????

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
i have been using this strategy and has been going quite well for me i trade on 4h chart tho.

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Hi Laura, thanks for the thread.

Just a quick question. Do you find the channel more effective than the MA cross or similar on the price?

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Hi,

I prefer the channel over the MAs, yes.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
Ok thanks.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Finally read through all 72 pages and I am ready to begin (only took me 3 days)

@lauraT thank you for all of your work on this and other threads. I wish you many blessings!

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Hey laura, thank you for this thread and thank you to everybody who has contributed to it. I’ve just finished reading the whole thing and feel like i’m ready to start with this strategy. This is the first sell trade I took. Does it look valid?

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
What setting have you found the best on 4h tf? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Sorry what does 'daylight' mean?

Does it mean the gap between the red and green MA?

Also Laura, may i ask how long have you been trading this strategy for?

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
MA's crossing and gap between them is growing...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
thanks so much!

may i ask how long have you been trading this for and what exit strategy do you use?

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Trumpaline,

Sorry for delay in answering your question…

I am not using this strategy, just for sometime, just was surprised with simplicity and effectiveness of such simple approach… Was trading for few weeks…

I made test of five different exit strategies …

Study please Excel file I am sending, if any question appears, feel free to ask,

Attached File(s)   Another test of  Lura T -  Daylight ver agressive testing closings.xlsx

68 KB
|
363 downloads

Attached File(s)   Samples of  test -  2023.zip

539 KB
|
259 downloads

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Thank you so much!

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
x il mio trading trovo che questa strategia  sia perfetta...grazie  LAURA

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ho il segnale buy  ma non entro x ora xchè il CompRSIselect  non è sopra 50 ...potrebbe essere anche un falso segnale  con il DAX succede spesso

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Buongiorno a tutti

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
qualcuno ha trading alla luce del giorno x C.Trader?

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
@40PipsAlan,

I use this indicator as well, but is the profit % correct? The profit % is the amount of profit relative to the balance BEFORE including such profit in the balance for the period of choice. This indicator includes de profit in the balance that is used to calculate profit %. Anyone knows how to fix this?

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Try IceFX from MQL5 site.

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Nice strategy. I read all pages and am going to try it out but am thinking if ADX > 25 could help eliminate some bad or not so good trades?

Do you have source for the Barraka WPR? I would like to play with ADX.

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
it seems this forum has had no posts since June is anybody still using this strategy?

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
I think "Roadmap - A Way To Read Markets" had a greater following.
Roadmap - A Way To Read Markets | Forex Factory

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Hey do you guys still use this system....kindly notify us..


===== 附件下载链接 =====

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Daylight.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3957990?d=1623047536
2MA_Crossover-Update.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3958525?d=1623086920
2MA_Crossover-Update.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3958526?d=1623086921
Laura V2 Basic Checklist.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3958946?d=1623134044
Daylight Strategy Basic Exit Checklist.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3959134?d=1623150455
Daylight Strategy Advanced Entry Checklist.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3959345?d=1623163182
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Daylight_Alt.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3959597?d=1623184770
Daylight-Altered Strategy Basic Entry Checklist_.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3959936?d=1623219356
Daylight Strategy Basic Entry Checklist_.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3960138?d=1623232942
MQLTA MT4 Moving Average Crossover Alert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3962955?d=1623436533
MA Cross for Daylight.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3962956?d=1623436661
MQLTA MT4 ATR Trailing Stop.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3962964?d=1623437006
Price_Crosses_5SMMA_High_Low.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3963423?d=1623535051
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Daylight_Alt.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3963857?d=1623638654
Infoboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3963858?d=1623638656
RoadMap Trend Band_Indices_SubWindow.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3963859?d=1623638657
Symbol_Changer_PLUS.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3963860?d=1623638662
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Daylight50.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3965219?d=1623752558
WPR-MA-Cross.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3966032?d=1623819961
Firts Daylight System Test.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3967499?d=1623927141
!SM_ADR Marker.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3968641?d=1624018676
atr_value_indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3968653?d=1624019481
atr_value_indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3968654?d=1624019482
Lura T -  Daylight ver agressive testing closings.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3968829?d=1624027990
Symbol_Changer_PLUS.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3970845?d=1624310832
!SM_Daily_HiLo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3975000?d=1624730529
Price_Crosses_5SMMA_High_Low.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3980857?d=1625422958
Price_Crosses_5SMMA_High_Low.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3980858?d=1625422958
ATR probability levels.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3981741?d=1625517766
Trend direction & force index 1.01(mtf + alerts + arrows).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3982922?d=1625625422
Symbol_Changer_PLUS.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3993886?d=1626821658
!SM_ADR Marker.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3994183?d=1626856097
!SM_Daily_HiLo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3994184?d=1626856098
LFH_Trading_Simulator_3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3997790?d=1627283055
FFC_urlupdate_20210324 without numbers.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4004169?d=1627978782
ATR in Pips.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4006266?d=1628152623
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4011888
rsi chart bars.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4015051?d=1629202590
rsi chart bars.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4015053?d=1629202632
ADR_Marker.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4019396?d=1629696623
ADR_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4019397?d=1629696623
Hull Moving Average.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4053877?d=1633566293
DaylightOscillatorHull.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4054168?d=1633597508
2MA Williams.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4055180?d=1633689775
2MA Williams.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4055182?d=1633689787
TradeReport_compact - v.1.04.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4062017?d=1634582641
TradeReport_compact - v.1.04.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4062018?d=1634582642
DaylightOscillator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4085017?d=1637185474
HeikenAshi_bySB_14AA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4087227?d=1637518632
Another test of  Lura T -  Daylight ver agressive testing closings.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4384173?d=1675004656
Samples of  test -  2023.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4384176?d=1675004996
