===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hi Due to personal circumstances im finding it very hard to day trade ( if you look at my threads I have posted quite a few of my day trading systems here) so Im going to put my energy into my eod systems this particular system showed great promise made me bundles of pips and was posted on Forex factory here is the link

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=61554

I will post system and rules and template over next few days,Im not being awkward its just time is against me atm..

Im going to check out the losing trades and see if a certain rule change will fix things...I think it will

Paulus

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Hi Paulus

Thats really nice!!

i am already countinue visiting your thread and impressed with High Profit pips..

waiting all good things from you

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Whatever you have will be well worth waiting for.  I think most of us know it's going to be very interesting AND that you're not going to post any half-ass method.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Looking forward to seeing your system soon. Looks great!

--- 帖子 #5 ---
can't wait!  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #6 ---
I honestly believe that to make long term daily trading decisions you need to trade a mechanical system perhaps with paper rules but carved in stone.

In Futures I'm 100% mechanical but my platform cannot access all the swaps I want I therefor downloaded Meta Trader

TP ( close all)

I do have a split TP strategy also but on this post I will show just the close all scenario

Targets are worked out by taking the ATR of the last 5 days and adding that average points total to my 'fill' price.My thinking behind this

If the last 5 days have had an average move of 80 points why set a tgt of 30 ?

If the last 5 days have had an average move of 30 points why set a tgt of 80 points ?

Example

Measure high to low of each day for signal candle and 4 days previous giving 5 days

We end up with

80 +70 + 100 +120 +30 = 400 now divide by 5 = 80

We now have a TP of 80 pips which is the average this swap has moved in the last 5 day

Our fill is 20000  so ur TP is 20080  easy peasy lemon squeezy

A 'close all' on 5 day ATR is quick we only want a daily average move in our direction to close dont forget .. not much to ask ...with 10 or so swaps open you will be spoilt for choice and turning your money and account over which is the name of the game.

Stop

Stop is a couple pips below last swing low for longs last swing high for shorts

When to take a trade

What ever works best for you in your time zone I take 9pm here in the UK approx although my daily candle wont close for another 3 hrs ( midnight) Im sound asleep in nods vile by then so 9pm is fine for me its swing and rounds abouts on the fill it all evens out.

Indicators

CCI

set to 40 HLC/3 line at 0.00

Stoch

set to K - 5  D - 3   Slowing -2  Price field low /high ma - simple ....line at 50

Method

This is simple stuff but with the stop at swing high or low we have a good support or resistance..also we only want an average move in our direction.

Like all my systems identify the main direction and enter on a retracement

If CCI above zero we look for long CCI below zero we look for short.

Short

CCI is below 0.00 stochastic moves above 50 and ticks down the tick down hasn't got to finish below 50

Enter on a red candle,if green you can enter on the following day but no more and only if red

Long

CCI is above 0.00 stochastic moves below 50 and ticks up the tick up hasnt got to finish above 50

Enter on a green candle,if red then you can enter the following day but no more and only of green

Examples

Here is a chart showing entries this example is on usdchf, i have highlighted one long and short to show position of indicators

The blue lines are stop positions not exact but it gives you an idea of the swing high low stop.

Without doing the maths we have a def loser on the 2nd arrow the rest look winners..

I will post more and answer question when i can this method made me 6000 pips not so long ago I have moved the stop to swing high low FROM signal candle high low and it seems better

Please use money management a large stop doesn't mean a large loss it means you trade smaller.. protect your account please traders...hehe

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Do u mean below 100 ?

As for Stoch, should it be set to

set to K - 5  D - 1   Slowing -2  Price field low /high ma - simple line 0.00

Instead of Stoch

set to K - 5  D - 3   Slowing -2  Price field low /high ma - simple line 0.00

I saw ur attachment stoch with only 1 line, so "D" should be set to 1 instead of 3 ?

And should we set TP to 75% of 5 days ATR according to ur "Robot trading  " thread ? If we TP 5 days ATR, it's very big pips for pairs like GBPJPY (over 500 pips).

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Question: If TP did not hit in 1 day, we should move the SL to the EOD swing high/low and move TP to include the new EOD candle ?

According to ur attachment, on start of day 7-Oct was a signal to go long (6-Oct above CCI 0, Stoch below 100 pointing up, green candle) and it was a losing trade with -200 pips. but it was not highlighted on ur attachment. Basically, the trade on 7-oct was buy at highest high.

I randomly back test and i saw similar trades. Buy at HH and sell at LL.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Thanks for sharing your system Paulus!  :-)

Can you please post your template when you get a chance?  TIA!

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Thanks for sharing your strategy.  I like the simplicity of it.

One question.  If the entry candle is a spinning top with only a few pips between open and close, would this be OK or would you wait to see the color of the next candle?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Hi Friend Thanx soo much for sharing amazing sys.

i just confuse with my indicator in MT4

are they the right one or no..

becuas i cant find in CCI this data HLC/3
also in Stoc i cant find this field low /high ma -
and simple line 0.00  in your chart 50 not 0.00

Please Correct me if i am rong ..
and if you could attach template will be more better and aprecciated.

--- 帖子 #12 ---
We are waiting Template.. I hope to get it soon ..

--- 帖子 #13 ---
What do you think on this Chart AudCad

we shoud wait white candel to enter ?

--- 帖子 #14 ---
did i  get it rithe????

--- 帖子 #15 ---
No. I think the setting were meant for daily chart ? If u wanna trade 15M TF should change ur setting

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Yikes..ok let me answer one of these at a time sorry iv confused things ..

J84

Sorry my fault when the CCI is above 0.00 we look for longs then we need a pull back to enter so we wait untill the Stoch is below 50 not 0.00  im sorry my 1st post will be amended.

Going below 50 just shows us we have a reasonable pull back the stoch then ticks up and as long as the CCI is above 0.00 and the candle is green thats our entry

My stoch is set to 532 price field low/high MA simple

The only line we want showing is the Main so set Signal to 'None'

I go for 5 day ATR I have attached the chart for the last 2 signals on GBPJPY 1st signal had a target of 703 pips hit in 5 days 2nd signal had a target of 528 pips hit in 1 day

Stops of last swing high are marked and never threatened

--- 帖子 #17 ---
J84

No I leave stop at the original position until TP is hit as close all the point of the stop staying is to give the swap room to breath.

On the 7th Oct the CCI was above 0.00 but the stoch was way above 50 it has to come down below 50 then tick up to be a valid entry this not meet the rules and was not a signal

I will ammend my 1st post about stoch the line is 50   sorry

Paulus

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Chazbo

This has to be 100% mechanical so if its red its ok even if its just a pip like wise for green.

If we have a long signal and its red you can wait 1 day to see if we get a green candle but thats the max and the CCI has to still be above 0.00

cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Still counfuse .. Are explain the entry which is mintioned by two arrows ?? they are for short not long !!

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Thnx.

To go long, CCI above 0 , stoch below 50 tick up, green candle

To go short CCI below 0, stoch above 50 tick down, red candle

Is that correct ?

Another question, can this method be used on other TF. Like 1H TF ?

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Hi Wed Wed and BNBB

I will attch temp and inds and yes it is 50 not 0.00 on Stoch sorry to confuse my 1st post will be edited

Paulus

PS wed wed your post 14

CCI below 0.00 so we are looking for shorts

--- 帖子 #22 ---
FX

You need the 0.00 line on your chart so I can see the position of your CCI

then post chart again and on daily chart this is end of day system

cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #23 ---
yes J84 correct

Paulus

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Just a quick reminder all systems lose there is no ultra winning system but with money managment and I know its a pain in the a*se to muck around with but with end of day trading at least you have the time to do the maths if done right small contracts on large stops large contract on small stops protect the account and turn over your money

Paulus

--- 帖子 #25 ---
thanx for answer all visitor here..

still not clear for me.. looking for short means i have to wait to go short

BUT When Exactly say Now Entry ?

--- 帖子 #26 ---
here is my work space 13 swaps its difficult i know but if you look at the yellow arrows they give the last signal on each swap they all  either made there TP or are in profit apart from 2 which failed so 11 out of 13 is good.

If I take the 11 winners and ignore the fact I would of close just on todays movement you would be up 2,270 pips today..but dont forget almost all would of hit thier 1st tp and so would be closed

Paulus

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Is It Ok Now?(daily Chart)

--- 帖子 #28 ---
wedwed

I have worked your chart in paint with valid signals hopefuly it will clear things up for you cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #29 ---
FX

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Tenk U Paulus

How Mach Signal Avg In Manth With Thise System?

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Paulus, will this work on lower TF ? 1H ?

--- 帖子 #32 ---
THANX TOOO MUCH Paulus..

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...5&d=1224664446

Accourding to the chart here ..

Its really clear for me

i can say there is a small things need to add in rule:

Rule:
Short

CCI is below 0.00

stochastic moves above 0.00

and ticks (look) down

the tick down hasn't got to finish below 0.00 (even if abouve 25 and look down )

Enter on a red candle,if green you can enter on the following day but no more and only if red

thanx again ... i will Demo it

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Stoch should be above 50 and tick down for shorts

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Hi, Paulus.

Thanks for sharing your idias. The fact is i'm working on similar idea about EOD system with ATR as targets. I want to post one indicator made by myself. It shows ATR channel on graph, the distance between bar open price and average ATR. It is MTF indicator and it helps me to do visual backtests. Hope it will help you or someone else.

One question about your system. You use ATR as target and last swing as SL. So you not always have R/R ratio at least 1|1 becouse last swing(SL) may be lager then ATR(TP)

Am i right?

--- 帖子 #35 ---
And here is an indicator which shows the ATR in pips

Drag it to your Stochastic window to save space and set the period to 5 and multiplier to 1

Chart attached

--- 帖子 #36 ---
FX ..signals per months can be around 20 5 a week 10 a week some times 2-3 swaps all trigger at the same time..

J84 never looked at it Id be surprised if it does the principle should work but you would have to alter the Indicator settings perhaps

here is a shot of eurusd 1hr plus if we can keep the thread to eod id appreciate it ;-)

WedWed

Your right in what you say here spot on but as Howrad points out stoch above 50  not 0.00 ( thanks Howard)

Short

CCI is below 0.00

stochastic moves above 50

and ticks (look) down

the tick down hasn't got to finish below 0.00 (even if abouve 25 and look down )

Enter on a red candle,if green you can enter on the following day but no more and only if red

Dezil

Thanks for ind will look ...yes true about target but I need the best chance of hitting a target and the best level for support for that trade with good money management you are protected

Howard

many thanks for the ind will save to my MT and look

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Howard thanks for indicator

I have set it to 5 and 1

It doesn't show up on my chart even though I made the colour yellow but it is there ,when i select data window and hold my cross hair over the entry candle it gives me the 5 day ATR which saves a hell of a time many thanks

Ive added it to my template

Paulus

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Account £10k

Signal AUDUSD £5.78 per pip

5% per signal = £10000 x 5% = £500 max loss

Stop on this signal is 319 pips I use a spread betting company to place my trades and can go as low as £1 per pip,

I can now divide £500 my allowed risk by 319 my actual risk = £1.56

I can now place £1.56 on this trade if it loses I lose £1.56 x 319 = £499

If I win I get £1.56 x 358 ( my target in pips 5 day ATR ) = £558

lets watch this one see what happens if it losses I lose 5% of my bank if starting with 20k risk 2.5% which is the magic number i think

paulus

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Hi Paulus

If you drag the indicator from the list of indicators in the Navigator onto the Stoch or CCI window (not the chart window) it will always stay there and shows the ATR5 for each pair at a glance, please have a look on my chart above.

It really saves time, thanks to whoever coded it

Edit: Sorry I noted that it is already on your chart

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Shouldn't we be placing our stop above the previous swing high which is 0.7235? it seems as if you have placed it above the trigger bar

--- 帖子 #41 ---
It worked last night.

I entered 6 trades.

I hit the TP on 4 of them and am ahead on the other 2.

I'm using ATR8.

I have IBFX with the short Sunday bar. And ATR5 is skewed a little too low.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Hi Billbss

in which frame you did 6 trades ??

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Wd Bill glad you made some pips

Howard  the bar before the one I placed my stop over made a lower high so my signal bar is my swing high ..;-)

I will do a post on how I work out my swing high and lows later

cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Daily.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Wow..I did not find Entry in Daily

i miss somthing ..

--- 帖子 #46 ---
There were six of them.

AUD/USD, AUD/JPY, GBP/CHF, CHF/JPY, GBP/JPY, USD/JPY.

My day closes at 0000 GMT.

I entered about 3 hrs early.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Hi Paulus ...

Thank you for taking the time you posted these great systems.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Here's the daily chart for USD/JPY.

There were five more pairs that looked almost the same.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Hi billbss !!!

How many pips you set for the TP on AUDUSD?. What is the operation you do to get the TP?

Thnaks a lot.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
I set it for 330 pips.

That was the ATR8 when I entered the trade.

I used ATR8 rather than ATR5, to compensate for the short Sunday bar on IBFX.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hi Paulus,

Hope all is well with you and your family.

Would be helpful if you could post your MM plan to handle all the open trades at once; giving an idea of monthly percentage return on capital.

When the CCI is indicating a long and the stoch goes below 50 and then ticks up. Are you entering on the NEXT candle (after the one that made the stoch tick up). If so, you mentioned only enter on a green candle; are you referring to the candle that closed with the stoch ticking up or the next day's candle? If it is the next day's candle are you entering as it forms and only when it goes green or waiting for it to close to check that it is a green candle?

Apols for the basic questions.

Well done for all your hard work.

gtrade

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hi

When the stoch is below 50 then ticks up the day it ticks up is your entry..and I enter around 9pm here in the uk although the candle still has 3 hours to go before it completes I have to think of my beauty sleep !

..if the long signal is on a red candle which does happen some times you can enter 9pm the following day as long as the candle is green and the CCI is still above 0.00..but no more than 1 day you cant chase the signal others will be there..

BTW I use 9pm as it suites me if you go to bed at 11.30 pm then enter at 11.30pm its up to you..

I will post some M stuff when i have time to compose a post its worth doing

here is the state of the signal I posted earlier ( post 39)

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Today i trade EG

we will see the result ..My TP 89 Pips

--- 帖子 #54 ---
You should wait until the close of this current bar to see if the stoch is still in down tick , the previous bar had an up tick on the stoch and therefore it does not qualify a trade, further it was a green bar.

If the conditions prevail we will enter short around 9pm GMT today

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Thanks Paulus for another great system.

When figuring out the average range for the last 5 days do you use the last 5 Closed candles?

The reason I ask is because the atr indicators use the current open candle to get the reading.  So this might change your TP slightly.

Not too much of a big deal, just want to make sure though.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
555 I use the value on the entry candle at the time of my entry so idealy 9pm uk time the candle may move up or down after that agreed but its swings and round abouts I then use the 4 candles prior to the entry candle hope that helps

And yes howard wait for at least 18 hours into the entry candle before taking for me thats 9pm Uk time..

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Thanks Paulus i just wanted to make sure.

Now i can use the indicator without worrying.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Hi

First of all thx for sharing your EOD system.

Can you please explain how you calculate your swing high/low for your SL?

I am confused as some posts mention SL is placed above signal bar and some say last swing high/low?

Also to confirm: If i check my chart at close of daily bar midnight each day, if there is a tick down (for short entry) then entry is immediate as long as the bar is red - is that right?

(reverse for BUY)

If at midnight the bar is green, then I have to wait until midnight next day and see if it is a red bar?

Many thx in advance.

Law

--- 帖子 #59 ---
For this system I use swing high low for stops

Once you have you entry candle for your long count back looking at candle lows until you get a higher low.The candle in front of the higher low is your swing low

Place your stop 10 pips below your swing low

The signals on the chart are hypothetical

Paulus

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Law

I hope the post above explains my swing lows opposite for swing highs ;-)

As for the entry yes if you can wait until midnight thats great for a short......

CCI below 0.00

Stochastic above 50 and ticks down ie goes from up or level to down.

Candle red.

If green wait for 1 day max then if red take only if CCI still below 0.00

I do all above but at 9pm purely to balance family life which is tough at mo

cheers

Paul

--- 帖子 #61 ---
I just follow the Rule , if i am rong in following please some one correct me

--- 帖子 #62 ---
I think Paulus's point is going to be that you have to wait for the candle that causes the downtick in stochastics to close.  It looked to me, from the chart you posted, that you entered the trade during the candle that was making stochastics turn down, during the day today.  The problem with that is, if the day isn't over yet, price might wind up reversing and going way up (which is actually what has happened with the EURGBP today), so that by the close of this candle the CCI is going to be above 0, which would rule out any short trade.

If, at the END of today, price was down enough that CCI closed below 0 AND stochastics turned down, AND the candle was red, then you would enter the short trade at the beginning of the day TOMORROW.

Like I said, I *think* that's the way this system is set up...

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Another Pic

--- 帖子 #64 ---
That is all correct but this technically is an eod system so you should be taking signals at the end of the day I take mine at 9pm uk time 21 hours into the day

Its no good taking the signal candle at 10am your only 10hours into the day and alot can happen indicators can change.

I personally try to get as close to UK and US market close as possible which for me is 10pm uk time..I know i take my signals at 9pm but that hour doesn't normally produce much movement.

You want to take your entry as close to the end of the day as you can and also make it  sociable and family friendly

Paulus

--- 帖子 #65 ---
THANKS MY FRIEND TOO MUCH..

yes it seem like what you said AND IF IT IS CORRECT ,

we have to mention it as a rule.

if not, still we need clearification.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
My aim with all my systems is to try and be mechanical as possible.

hence i use no trend lines, support resistance lines, speed lines , pivots, or fibanacci measurments as they can all be subjective.

If you religiously refuse to take a long signal just below yesterdays high then so be it but that rule must be the same for every signal that matches that criteria..your trying to take out the emotional decision taking.

Statements like ' this looks weak' ....'this doesn't look like a strong high of day' .....'the resistance level is too strong' ...do not enter into my mind set.

All I want to know isIs it a valid signal Where is my stop going to be Where is my target going to be How much is my stake or how many contracts am i going to trade Whats for Dinner Paulus

--- 帖子 #67 ---
MR. Paulus

Thanx for clearification.. i get it now..

the time is very important here on Entry..

Thanx again

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hi

Many thx for the clarification on the swing high/lows. That is very clear now.

I need to get a grasp on your money mgt for this system. I normally go for at least a 2:1 MM model which then you don't need such a high win ratio and even a 40% win ratio can be profitable over time. To me the MM is the holly grail, rather than the system!!!

With your system the TP is being calculated by the ATR of the last 5 days. So this will always be variable as well as the SL as this is based on the swing high/low.

Can you explain the MM on this system? If the TP works out to be less than a 2:1 do you avoid the trade?

How do you handle this very important issue?

Once again thx!

BTW - where are you based in the UK? London?

I'm north London based...

Law

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Hi Paulus

Do you see any potential setups for tonight.

This is the only one I see but stoch is rather flat

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Small question.  How do you handle EOD Fridays?

Do you wait for Market open on sunday night?

tia

--- 帖子 #71 ---
......

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Hello WedWed !!!

... In the pic you posted, the entry would be made on the close of the candle where you set the arrow (at the open of the candle where I have set the arrow)?. Right?

Thanks !!!

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Hi everyone

Just came across this thread - looks very interesting. I have one question...I have loaded the ATR in Pips indicator and dragged onto my Stochs window, changed inputs to 5 & 1 - yet i do not get the average high & low dotted lines appearing on my charts (alpari uk) ...any ideas anyone?

Many thanks

FXray

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Its another indicator that does what you're talking about.

You can get it at this post.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...9&postcount=35

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Hi fxray,

The atr in pips gives you the atr in pips....it does exactly what it says on the tin!!!

Just a wee number of pips in the top left hand corner.....no dotted lines, very precise and tidy.....hope this helps

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Many many thanks

FXray

--- 帖子 #77 ---
As of clearfication of Paulus about this Pic

MY CHART ( left )

My Entry Arrow is right but I have to wait to end of the day..

becuse it might be change color and get out of the Rule..

and exactly this is what happen today for EG

Pulues's CHART (Right)

this is another pair and the arrow had set by Pulus and i think he point to his entry.

so your arrow (green) not entry .. it is too late.

i hop that clear and sorry for my bad english

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Jejeje....Your english is better than mine

I think that until the candle where is my arrow (green), not close, you can´t know 2 things:

1. if the high is going to be higher than previous candle

2. if the candle to be red or green

Greetings!

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Pulus Said
you should be taking signals at the end of the day I take mine at 9pm uk time 21 hours into the day

Once the Daily candle has just 3 or 4 hours to close..
i think it's high (in case of short ) is already formed.. also the colors almost is done.. unles the last 3 hours change the day ups & down

i hop is clear.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Here's A Short.

The Stop To Entry Is 490 Pips

70 % Of The 5 Days' Atr = 230 Pips.

The Risk Is 2.13 X The Take Profit

On 5 Trades Per Week With A 5% Risk Per Trade We Need

At Least  69% Wins To Avoid Neg Pips.

That Returns 0.4 % Per Week On Starting Capital.

At 90% Wins, We Return 8% Per Week.

Most Good Trading Systems At Best Average Out At 60% Wins.

If we get 60% wins then we need at least 1:1 risk which results in 5% per week.

Obviously, Not All Trades Will Result In Such A Disadvantageous Risk To Reward (as my chart example) And Your System Is Producing Good Positive Pips, So I'm Interested And Looking Forward To Seeing How Your Money Management Handles The Above, Paulus.

Once Again, Well Done For All The Hard Work.

I'm A Londoner; Where Abouts Are You?

Thanks,

Gtrade.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Good to see this thread back again

gtrade im in London too

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Thank you very much for your patience WedWed. I'm still a little confused, I re-read the thread again to see if I clarified.

greetings!

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Hola,

I like this system, thanks for posting, i was just demo-ing it for the first time tonight and realised that the spreads are (of course) much wider at the end of the day.

It's about 10pm GMT as I type this and have just been hit with a 16pip spread (SAXO BANK) on EUR-AUD which was my only entry for today. That's about 5% of my take profit level.  Yuk.

Anyway, just thought I'd add this thought to the melting-pot.  (Just looked, up 50 pips already, nice!)

For the record:

EUR-AUD

Entry 1.9245 @ 22.15 GMT

Stop  1.8890

T/P    1.9549

Cheers

El Choco

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Congratulation !! you won 300 pip

--- 帖子 #85 ---
So I have!!!!!!!

What a nice surprise to wake up to!  I took a bit of a gamble because i was a few days late on the entry but i figured it hadn't moved much so it was worth a look*. Also Risk/Reward was lower than it might have been had I entered earlier.

However a new thought is that the price is now double where I took profit.  Perhaps a split T/P would be a good idea although i'm not sure how to move the second half of the trade to break even etc when i'm in bed.

This is such a simple system and is ripe for automation.  If only there was a an MT4 broker that I felt safe about...  Or, I'll just have to settle for 300 pips!  (could be worse).

OK, now breakfast.

Go Paulus!

El Choco

* In fact price HAD moved quite a lot.  Darned daily charts....

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Take profit is ATR5 not 70% of it

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Made its TF of 600+ pips anyway

--- 帖子 #88 ---
I've made indicator. It shows arrows on signal bars.

Take a look and backtest manually. A lot of wrong signals as i see

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Hi I will reply to questions today if I can and I have a system for split TP that works well its a very good way of following  the price  I will post that also.

BTW the  AUDUSD chart I post not long ago in fact i posted 2 one of the signal then a few days later and now here is the conclusion..

the 1st chart was on post 39 the 2nd on post 53

the conclusion is +358 pips..

Paulus

--- 帖子 #90 ---
All sigs on chart for this swap AUDUSD

Using split TP the 2nd half of your position on signal A would of made you +1,1193 pips on using the sliding stop will post details once Ive complied the post

Paulus

--- 帖子 #91 ---
sorry for my countinous qustions..but i think its good for me and visitors..

--- 帖子 #92 ---
I am sure Paulus will answer your question, but entries are at the end of the days where you have indicated with your yellow lines

--- 帖子 #93 ---
end of day at 9pm on each candle with arrow..hope that helps

Signal yest on EURAUD

Paulus

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Hello,

Thanks for sharing your system,

Here is the EOD trading system expert advisor based on the EOD trading system.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
1. Modelling quality too low - 63%

2. I do not like optimization cose your never know what optimal parameters will be in future

3. Try to test 2006-2007

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Hi Funyoo

Well done for creating the EA.

Can you just clarify the following settings with perhaps short descriptions?

Some might be really obvious I know, but everyone has their own interpretation so I want to be sure exactly what the EA is up to!

Many thx

Law

Lot Mgt

MM true/false

Risk 10.0

TSTB

Real SL enabled true/false

Real SL

Real TP enabled

SL

TP

TS

TS Step

BE

Extras

Add positions

Max orders

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Thanks for the indicator.  It makes backtesting a snap.

Would it be possible to have an audible alert with the arrow?  I'm testing this on H an H4 time frames as well.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hi

1st and foremost thanks for the indicators ea's etc  some great stuff there I like the indicator esp ..

Just to answer a few questions

Law - No I dont avoid the trade if less than 2;1 RR what I do is look at my max loss which is my stop size I use a spread betting company so it goes some thing like this

£10k account

My max pain threshold on any trade is 5% which on 10k is 500

If my stop is 500pips then i can trade at £1 per point

If my stop is 250 pips I can trade at £2 per pip etc etc.

If my stop is 600 pips my money managmant tells me risk to great due to 5% and account size so ignore..... other signals will come along.. Do not stretch your money management rules to take a trade

Im based south of the River in Bexleyheath

Howard -  If the stoch qualifies its a signal I try not to look at angles etc etc red light green light black or white I trade best that way

Prime -  EOD  Fridays no problem I take the signal I can see what your saying esp with news atm but I try to be mechanical and Iv won more than iv lost on eod Friday signals

gtrade -  every stop will be different if the entry candle is also the last swing high or low the stop will usually be smaller.If the pips to stop is too great and your MM fails and tells you not to do it...ie you need to stake 7% of your bank not 5% to take the signal dont take it other trades will come along

Pervaz -  Hi hope the trading is going well my life is changing so eod has to be for me now...

Elchoco -  they can widen but on targets of 200 - 500 pips im not worried if I was day trading with a 5pip stop I would be .. take the spread off your target..so 5 day ATR less spread they may work ...

Dezil -  many many thanks for the indicator its great but one small thing

If we get a long signal but its  a red candle then we can take the long tomorrow as long as the candle is green and the CCI is above 0.00...the big thing here is that on the day the signal was triggered albeit on a red candle the CCi must be above 0.00 to qualify the indicator that was written has given some false signals ie it has picked out the following day as a qualifier as the long was given on green but the day before the CCi was not above 0.00 so does not qualify as a signal and dies there and then

Can that be changed ? would be cool

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Thanks Paulus.

But do you take them Friday before market close or Sunday @ market open?

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Dezil, the modelling quality doesn't matter with high timeframes.

lawrence, you're right, I have added short descriptions.

Note that the Real SL/TP and the Add Pos don't occur here.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Not true. Modeling quality matters all of the time, especially when trying to get accurate profit projections.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
I take them Friday evening as close to 9pm as possible

cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Hi Dezil

Well done on the indicator. I wish I knew how to program this stuff as so useful, but I wouldn't even know where to start!!!.

Anyway, is it possible to also add the distance in pips of the last swing high/low when the signal bar is identified?

This information would save a lot of working out as you would have the ATR in pips indicator giving you the TP target and then this would give you your SL amount.

Is this possible to create?

Law

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Hi Paulus

How are you determining if the stochastic is properly turned up/down for entry. Is it purely an eyeball on the chart from experience, or is there a value that you can add to the rules?

As sometimes it is sort of in between and could be interpreted either way...

MM questions

Also, if you are taking all entries as long as its not over your max risk of 5% - what is your win ratio since you have started trading the system?

And what is your average win % - In other words when you hit your TP what % are you winning on average? 2%, 5%, more with TS stratgey?

You are obviosuly making money with this system which is great, I am just trying to work out over time if the system will continue to make money or if the risk is far greater than your average TP % and will even out over time or perhaps even give you a drawdown?

It would be really useful if you could share your experience with your system and go through these stats so we can all realise its potential because as you know the MM is the holly grail to any system.

Many thx

Law

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Guys

Im interested in finding out WHY you want to ask Paulus all these questions (after he has repeatedly told everyone he is busy with personal issues).  Hows about you working out some stuff by yourself - he has given you a rod, line and bait to fish with !!

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Hi

Thanks Pervaz yes it is difficult at the moment I have to devote time to my wife and family or I lose them its as simple as that.

I will try and answer questions but my aim is to post a system that people can use ....use bits of ...or just nod at

Nothing here is new its all been poached from some where else we all do the same a bit here a bit there.

very very rarely is a system devised that hasnt been thought of before.Most systems out there lose and the ones that win are often dropped as useless when the user gets a few losing trades they close down and search for another 'winning' system.

There are loads of systems on these boards that may lose at the moment but with work and good money management they could end up winners but people don't often have the stamina to pursue it.

Look at the hypothetical returns chart below start using the system in the circled area and you would prob stop using it .. I for one do not like back testing I like to use a system on demo then live making changes I see to make it profitable as I go..a good system is often binned when the back test results are shown where as prob in reality if traded demo for 3months the prob could be solved quite easily

This system made me 6000 pips I stopped  because I too was greedy and wanted to trade intra day to combine the 2 I devised various systems and traded them and then  my world collapsed albeit my own fault and I run out of momentum

But Im back again trying to do all things familiar to get my life going again.

Paulus

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Law

for a short all Im after is the stoch to be  less  than what it was the bar before and for a long all Im after is the stoch to be more than it was the bar before and I dont care how small...

if the stoch for a long measure  48.90 and on the trigger bar measures  49 then its ticked up and its a signal

I have a list of states from my old thread when I was trading the system before here they are on the various swaps

here is the link  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...t=61554&page=4

But here are some stats from the placement of the 1st trade

Number of signal = 34

Wins = 25

Losers = 9

Strike rate = 75%

Points gained = 4,613

Points lost = 753

And the link to some more  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...t=61554&page=5

A trader friend put this together for me and doesn't cover the latest winning pips

Hi  Paul,
I  found your weblog and did some number type crunching overnight. Your figures are  truly amazing.
I was looking at strike rates etc. On the amount of data shown it would appear that your system applies itself very well to most Forex instruments with the exception of the bottom 3 which have strike rates of 0%, 33% & 33% respectively.
If you were looking to hone your system there are 3 instruments where you have 100% strike rate and another where you are at 85% and another at 83%.
Cheers
M

Forex Traded Profit /  Loss Number of  pips Totals % wins

AUDUSD profit  317

AUDUSD  profit  94

AUDUSD  profit 135

AUDUSD  profit 94

AUDUSD  loss -87

AUDUSD  loss -84

AUDUSD  loss -33

AUDUSD  loss -55

381 50.0%

EURAUD  loss -38

-38 0.0%

EURCHF profit  75

EURCHF profit 82

EURCHF profit 158

EURCHF loss -43

EURCHF  profit  59

EURCHF  profit  51

EURCHF  loss -53

329 71.4%

EURGBP profit  48

EURGBP profit 140

EURGBP profit 72

EURGBP loss -32

EURGBP  profit  242

EURGBP  profit 102

EURGBP   profit  56

628 85.7%

EURJPY profit  196

EURJPY profit 239

EURJPY  profit  192

EURJPY  profit  198

825 100.0%

EURUSD profit  303

EURUSD profit  98

EURUSD  profit 177

578 100.0%

GBPCHF profit  297

GBPCHF  profit  261

GBPCHF  profit  177

GBPCHF  profit 210

GBPCHF  profit 242

GBPCHF  profit 287

GBPCHF  profit 262

1736 100.0%

GBPJPY profit  214

GBPJPY profit  280

GBPJPY profit 368

GBPJPY  loss -200

GBPJPY  profit 210

GBPJPY  profit 288

1160 83.3%

GBPUSD profit  502

GBPUSD profit 154

GBPUSD  loss -155

501 66.7%

USDCAD loss -85

USDCAD  loss -90

USDCAD  loss -35 -

210 0.0%

USDCHF loss -232

USDCHF  loss -68

USDCHF  profit  132

168 33.3%

USDJPY profit  133

USDJPY  loss -101

USDJPY  loss -60

-28 33.3%

Grand Total 5694  pips

Hope that helps

Paulus

--- 帖子 #108 ---
I should point out I used to use this to trade wheat oil gas gold etc  and indexes via a spread betting comp nayAttachment

1st is barclays taken last year next er2 cash

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Here is new version of my indicator.

Please look and check if i did something wrong this time. This version alsow shows last swing level as a dot.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
copper

--- 帖子 #111 ---
was asked to post this to a professional trader

its a gold chart with the system signals on it

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Oil and soya bean ..all old charts !

--- 帖子 #113 ---
close up of last 2 signals on gold for the guy

--- 帖子 #114 ---
have this as DB but cant rem what it was lols

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Hi Paulus

Many thx for that very valuable and credible information and for taking the time to post it.

Was this using the trailing stop method described in your other link?

What have you found best and most profitable? TS or straight set TP?

BTW - What was the time period that the stats apply to?

Here is a thought? If you restricted the trades to only taking them when the SL was at least equal to the TP, 1:1 RR would this have increased your overall profit?

Law

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Thanx not enugh for you Paulus.. Fantastic system given by you..

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Dexil

Thanks for your hard work on this indicator Id like to work with you closely on this if i may ...

..Ive loaded the new one on but the swing dots are slightly off here is a chart showing a long and ive explained on the chart where the swing low should be I hope it doesn't take to much of your time to alter .. I don't know how you do it lols

Just looked again and I think what is happening is that the swing low is perfect but under the wrong candle this doesn't matter in fact having the stop or swing low under the entry candle will visually work better but 1 things if I may How can we check the value of the dot I cannot get any data on it even with my navigator open and my cross hairs on it.Once we have the swing low value we should deduct 10 pips off that value this becomes our stop visa versa for longs Thanks again its really appreciated and saves so much time.

Paulus

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Hi, Paulus. Yes swing dots are drawn with signal bars, but they show correct levels of swings. You can get the value by moving cursor on dot and waiting while pop-up window appear

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Law

Yes the trailing stop is the one in the other link once we have things sorted with a static TP I will post here the way I use a trailing stop.

But in a nut shell we are not using indicators at all rather we are using price action

TS or TP with a trailing stop the position is left open for longer if things go your way this can result in having several positions open at once which all need monitoring every day at your mechanical alloted time for me all stop moves on existing trades take place at 9pm when Im looking at entering new trade signals

On a fixed TP its more of a one shot weapon closing out trades hopefully quickly and turning over the account.

On reflection the sliding TP makes more money when swap rally or fall they can do so in the hundreds of pips the sliding stop copes with this quite nicely.

If your good at managing several positions use the sliding TP if you want more of a clinical approach with a view getting in and out in a few days use the fixed TP

The states were last year for 3-4 months I think I will have to check

1;1 RR on sl and tp tricky the risk reward is important but also as important is the placement of the stop in a technically good position..ie

If we had a short and a target of 100 pips we use a 1;1 RR and place our stop 100 pips above our entry but this is 30 pips below the last swing high.. would we rather risk losing 100 pips  on a stops that has no technical correlation to the position its purely a fixed number or would we rather have a stop place in the market that is going to be a tough technical level to break..I personally would always go to the later I wanted a protected position my MM will protect my account

Paulus

--- 帖子 #120 ---
ah great thanks Dezil your a wonder

cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #121 ---
This one is really great, showing signal bars and the stops. The stop would be value of the dot + or - 10 pips

Thanks a lot Dezil

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Great work on the indicator....

Is it SL + or - 10 pips + spread?

Or only add the spread on a short position?

or neither?

--- 帖子 #123 ---
If you want to be very accurate you may place your stop for short positions at:

Dot(swing high) +10+ spread

and on long positions at:

Dot(swing low) -10

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Hi to All.

I know that many people here do not like backtests and onle beleve in forvard tests, but just for information and better understanding this system i.ve made EA to simulate Peulus trade.

This EA open trades in accordance with EOD indicator (you need to have it for the EA to work). Trades are opened when signal bar is 90% comlited.

TP is 5 days ATR and SL is last swing +/- 10 points. This is Paulus rules.

Please test it if you whant, or use it on demo forward tests. Tell me if you find any errors.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
waiting for markets so I'm playing ...latest copper chart  red squares winning sigs brown squares losing sigs

Paulus

--- 帖子 #126 ---
latest crude oil

--- 帖子 #127 ---
THANK YOU PAULUS for this trading Method and THANK YOU DEZIL for reducing my daily analysis time. I have a question...about programming as I'm not a programmer. Could it be programmed to move a SL to BE on a 2nd lot; after the 1st lot hit the TP at atr(5)? Paulus, this EOD is so simple sweet, but I'm either working or sleeping or like you, trying to keep a quasi normal relationship/Life experience when that atr TP prolly happens. And to have that 2nd lot run as you have illustrated makes up for any concerns about risk vs rewards.

regards,

lad

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Just noticed your EA is source code. How do I compile to .exe code. Then it goes into Expert library,... right?

regards,

lad

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Hi Paulus,

Thanks for this, I have been searching for a good EOD method for a while and I like this one.

One question which I don't think has been asked before on this section of your rules

<Short

CCI is below 0.00 stochastic moves above 50 and ticks down the tick down hasn't got to finish below 50

Enter on a red candle,if green you can enter on the following day but no more and only if red

Long

CCI is above 0.00 stochastic moves below 50 and ticks up the tick up hasnt got to finish above 50

Enter on a green candle,if red then you can enter the following day but no more and only of green >

For the trades that are a Short trade, after Stoch has ticked down while above 50, you say in the rules "it does not have to cross below 50" .

Is it best to still be above 50 even after the downtick? Visually these trades seem to be quicker moves in the right direction.

Have you ever tested this ?

Thanks once again for sharing this

--- 帖子 #130 ---
ladecker: I PMed you how to do it.

From now on, can we please keep this thread free of questions not directly related to Paulus' system? Too often on FF.com do nice threads turn into sh*t because of posts with questions that have nothing to do with the system itself.

I am not trying to be mean. I am being HONEST. I love this thread and don't want to see it follow the "standard procedure" around here.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Hi Paulus,

Your system is simple, yet powerful, and confirms and compliments my EOD method. Thanks for graciously sharing with us.....T-Wolf

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Save EA to expert folder and indicator to indicator folder. Then restart MT4

--- 帖子 #133 ---
My apologies for impatience...will wait for full system disclosure...appreciate the protection afforded Paulus and his EOD system and thank you for the PM. Also, understand your honesty regarding the sh*t with the SOP. Just my blind spot for steppin in it.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
the EA says gives error " cannot open Heiken Ashi_SW.ex4". Dezil, i think the SL should be previous bar high/low instead of current bar high/low ?

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Hi Paulus

(short example)

If the first attempt fails and you get stopped out, would you enter on the 2nd attempt if the stoch stays above the 50 and ticks down after a few days?

Or does the stoch have to cross down below the 50 line and then back up again and then tick down etc.

Thx

Law

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Thanx thunderwolf

Nice Template.. Can you attached to us?

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Hi WedWed,

Here are the indicators I used for that chart along with the template. Hope you're doing well and good trading to you......T-Wolf

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Thank you thunderwolf.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
On thunderwolfs chart, the second signal looks perfect.  But with the first, the stoch isn't above 50 with a tick down, so what am I missing with that trade?  Turned out pretty well though.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Ozmacca

Never tested that I must admit Il keep an eye on it thanks for pointing it out

Law

If the 1st attempt fails and the stoch goes up again or level above 50 and then we get another down tick re enter..you havnt got to wait for it to cross down and up again ..any tick down above the 50 line is an entry signal as long as the candle is the right colour max wait 24hr if not

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Hi Deepblue27,

The first trade, I'm using my own system and I just wanted to show how Paulus's EOD system compliments and confirms my signal by showing CCI and Stochastics both crossing up over their respective lines and then dropping back down indicating a down trend. Sorry I confused you, or any one else. Paulus has a great system and I was just trying to illustrate how well it works with my signals. Have a great day !!.......T-Wolf

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Hi Paulus

Great system for the working person

I wondering what your results are when the market is not trending

I have put an 80 ema on my charts and will only take trades in the direction of the trend .

Thanks again paulus

--- 帖子 #143 ---
CCI40 shows the trend, there is no need for additional indicators

--- 帖子 #144 ---
you still get signals when the mkt is not trending if the CCI and Stoch line up on the same day we get an entry I dont do any visual appreciation of  what the swap looks like Ive got a green signal and I take it..

BTW be patient signals will come ;-))

Paulus

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Hi Paulus,

<<you still get signals when the mkt is not trending if the CCI and Stoch line up on the same day we get an entry I dont do any visual appreciation of what the swap looks like Ive got a green signal and I take it..>>

I notice you say here that BOTH the CCI and the Stoch are up, in the original rules we only needed the Stoch to be up.

Could you clarify if we need both to tick in the right direction or just the Stoch

thanks for your help, just when I thought I had my head around it, I noticed your post

--- 帖子 #146 ---
He says when CCI and Stoch line up on the same day, it does not mean they are up, just follow the rules.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
I will take this trade if its a signal at 9pm tonight atm the target is 180ish pips but it is a risky one although I still take them I will explain why..there is a chart pattern with the CCI called a zero line reject if you look at the signal on the CCI it is only today going from above to below 0.00 and it is by the shallowest of margins but to me its a signal its red or green stop or go this is a go but with more risk..

there is a chance here that the 0.00 will reject the CCI and force it up again as my drawing on the chart indicates.I have indicated other zero line rejects ..far safer are the signals that come when the CCI has been above or below 0.00 for 1 day or more.

If we have a tgt of 180 pips then the TP will be 40 odd pips below the low of the 6th and the 20th Oct for those technically minded if we get that far you may wish to close here as a triple bottom may form as its quite a tough support level.I personally hold for the full atr as I believe that all mkt level supp res areas are there to be broken ... agreed a compromise may be to close out 1/2 or 3/4 of the position at those lows so reducing risk but i will hold the full position.

So put yer tin hats on and prepare for battle lols !

Paulus

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Which GMT should we use?

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Paulus Entry allways at 9 GMT

--- 帖子 #150 ---
yes 9pm GMG or as close as I can get..family life dictates if Im late and its 10pm I dont worry if Im out at 8,30pm then Il place at 8pm its quite flexible it has to fit around your own personal circumstances with the stops used and the large targets a few pips here and there wont make a difference.

But as a general rule ideally you want to place your trade at least 18 hours into the daily candle..most of the big bang boys are on their 4th whiskey by then or are looking for the tallest building and things are winding down !! we hope lols

Paulus

--- 帖子 #151 ---
I had a look today (20:30) and identified this order:

USDCHF

Got filled at: 1.3220

SL: 1.15811 (High of candle)

TP: 1.10629

(total stake: 259.1 pips)

RR: 1:1

Lot size: 0.1

Rationale: CCI(20) down and stoch has ticked down (I know Paul has moved to CCI(40))

Chart attached:

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Hi Pervaz..

Yes Im on 40 now and my CCI looks different to yours...no signals for me today CCI retraced slightly and is now at +2.8 so no trade..

be patient trades will come !

Paulus

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Very interesting system Paul...thanks a lot.

I wonder how you manage -200/300 pips SL on this system....I am kind of new in risk management.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
All Lover of this System put eye on many of pairs end of today 09.00 PM GMT , many of apportunity seam coming soooooon.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Dont miss lot of pairs according to this system they might be tradeble some of them end of today and some tomorw .. I said they might get confirm.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Hi Paulus,

First off thanks for taking the time to share this system, esp. considering that you say you have less time now.

However, your last post about the EURGBP trade has confused me a little. As I see it the stoch is below 50, so we need to wait for it to tick up and the CCI to stay above 0.00 for a long to be taken.

But you seem to suggest that a short be taken if the CCI goes below 0.00, even though the stoch is below 50. Or have I misunderstood somewhere?

Thanks again for your time.

Tim

--- 帖子 #157 ---
USDCHF seemt a good entry but...  CCI is almost crossing zero going south

We'll see tonite

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Hi niepce

nothing up to now good for entry , what i post is just to remain you to put your eye on that pairs..
Time: end of day

--- 帖子 #159 ---
I have wing Chung tonight at 9pm uk so i will be placing psoitions on at 8.45pm..

As of now I can see 2 signals

usdchf long  approx tp 240 pips

eurusd short approx tp 439 pips

Please note these signals can disapear and will only be taken with any others at 8.45pm

cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #160 ---
What ive put on this chart does not go into my decision making at all in any sense as its far to subjective but if you look at the chart we have higher high higher low classic uptrend labels..if we move up we could be looking for a higher high again OR if we make a double top then we should be out with our 5 day ATR tgt..hmmm perhaps lols

Paulus

--- 帖子 #161 ---
short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips

Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #162 ---
going to bed - 30 pips profit already :>

--- 帖子 #163 ---
yes 60 ish pips a piece profit now long way to go small gains as yet just sit on hands and wait for tp or sl

paulus

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Hi, can you upload a screen shot.  thx. bd

--- 帖子 #165 ---
What is your sl? May I ask.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
My daily closing is almost 30min. to go at 9PM Santiago time.

It's certainly a short on eurusd as Paul mentioned. But when I changed to 4hr., to gain a better entry, it still not the time to short.

I'd like to experiment on this idea: Wait for Daily signals, enter trade in 4hr. The same rule applies to 4hr., as daily.

Just an idea....so I will now turn into 4hr. TF, and wait for my short entry.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Sure here you go dont forget sl is 10 pips beyond the swing high or low depending on short or long signal..this may result in a large stop but its technically a good position and you money management should take care of it.On the chart the sl is the red and blue dots

The USDCHF chart shows 2 previous signal both winners

The EURUSD chart shows 4 previous signals with 3 wins and 1 loser

The EURUSD has a sl of 390 pips

$10k account risking 5% = $500 max risk

so you can trade 1 contract or $1 a pip with spread betting company

The  USDCHF has a sl of 186 pips

$10k account risky 5% = $500

so you can trade 2 contracts or $2.68c with spread betting company

In the UK you can go as low as £0.50p a pip with spread betting companys or trade mini or micro contract with broker which means and I think Im right in saying micro account is $0.10c a pip so a low funded account can still take all signals

Paulus

--- 帖子 #168 ---
forexunder..go for it its all about trying ideas nice one

Paulus

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Thanks Paul.

Just take a look at 4hr. usdchf:

--- 帖子 #170 ---
By the way Paul, here is what I think about placing my sl.

I only operate on Risk-Reward-Ratio. My RRR has always been 1:3, so if my tp is set to 300, then automatically I place 100 pips sl. No second guessing!

--- 帖子 #171 ---
And more getting stopped out because your SL is too tight...much better to let the price determine a SL rather than fixing a ratio IMO.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
ok 10 hrs approx since I placed the trades long way to go and they can easily hit my sl so nothing certain till the trades closed

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips    Currently up 233 pips

Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips     Currently up 110 pips

50% of the way there on both but in 10hrs could be the reverse !

Happy hunting

Paulus

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Paulus

--- 帖子 #174 ---
I don't use stop loss more. I mostly go for market orders. And i always play with the market.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Strange, my signal is being given one day late

Stoch 5-3-2 was not ticking down last night

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Well, Paul...I must give it to you. Looks like your daily signal was much better entry then waiting for 4hr! Anyway, it was just an idea.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
we don't know till we try..

Howard.. don't know the answer I'm using MT by Alpari but placing bets with spread betting companies..

Paulus

--- 帖子 #178 ---
I was short EU ..

i reach 150 pips and upto now 118 pips ..

i am afried of reverse..

Thanx Paulus.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
You are correct, I checked alpari and the signal is showing yesterday

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Howard,

Did you check after 5:00 PM EST yesterday?  I'm on FXDD demo and I saw the signal.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
I know we are supposed to be waiting for red candle but I took this trade last night based on price bouncing off resistance. I'm currently up around 300 pips. At some point I was up around 500 pips.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Paul, can you recommend a good company for spread betting?

By the way, do you close all positions at the end of today, or let it run during weekends?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Yes I briefly saw it some time before 5pm est but at the close it disappeared

Where is the signal on your fxdd chart now, on today's bar or yesterday's bar?

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Correct it moved around some around 4:45; back and forth between signal and non signal, but right after 5:00 when the new candle opened it moved drastically and there was no doubt about it.

I'll check when I get home to see what it looks like now.  I only use it for charting.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Wed Wed .. Let the signal complete win or lose afraid is normal but human emotion we don't need its difficult but necessary to just sit tight but as always up to you its your account and money ;-)

Rum.. nice entry you may have some thing there good thing about these threads you take and use what you want and adapt it to your trading systel nothing wrong in that.

Forexunder .. sure  you can use several these are the most widely used

www.capitalspreads.com
www.igindex.co.uk
www.cityindex.co.uk
www.finspreads.com

No I dont close I let it run over the week end ..I only close for 2 reasons I win I lose

btw up 205 on usdchf and up 177 on eurusd only another 35 pips ish on usdchf and I can close out may happen we will see

cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Paulus, first off, I am very greatful that you have shared the system and MM techniques etc...The system itself is not perfect, of course, however, is very stressless and consumes minimum time. 70-80% hit rate is achieved due to relatively low TP which is ATR. Many of previously used systems will hit that target with the same rate. So that the idea to use ATR as TP is great.

Nevertheless, RR on average is 1:1, often less, hence, I tried to make some calculations to plan trade management and I think that the most reasonable idea is to close 50% after ATR is achieved, then TS (have not decided yet on the TS size, could you suggest please what is the optimal size of it...from your experience, of course).

Also I tried to do some backtesting on random pairs to have some idea about whether is is more profitable to close only some part of the position after ATR being hit. So the stats showed:

70-80% ATR is hit

Out of those 70-80% in 36-40% cases the price goes higher than 2 ATR, to be precise, the average is 3.2 ATR...so I tried to calculate what part of the position to close, at present still think that 50% after ATR then TS and the remaining after 3ATR...Want to hear your thoughts about how to maximise RR not losing too much of hit rate. Having said that, I am quite happy with what the system can achieve now with TP at ATR. Thanks again!!!

Peter

Update: TP for usd/chf hit, 232 pips profit, 182 pips up on EUR/USD...happyy now...But my other system which looks at big moves says those 2 trades will be quite a big moves, 5+ ATR, thats why TS needed, looking forward to hearing from you

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Target hit of 244 pips a few minutes ago on usd/chf, euro/usd looking good.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Thanks Paul. U r the man!

--- 帖子 #189 ---
ok closed out USDCHF for + 242 pips

EURUSD currently at +180 ish pips

P

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Used ODL with broker time 8 pm EDT

E/U sell, (tp ATR(5), 20%, approx 88 pips), (SL @ Swing High + 5 pips)

Thanks.

How many of the 13 pairs would you trade at the same time?

If 2 signals, would you take 500/2 = 250 per currency pair?

Have you noticed an increase or decrease in the success rate based on the recent volatility in the market?

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Hi Guys

As of now  I have 7 pairs showing eod signals. Now I know things can change between now and a few hours time, but if we still have multiple entry signals when the time comes how do we play it? Do we enter before close today or wait for open after weekend? What do we do about money management with so many signals?

Love the system

Regards

Geoff

--- 帖子 #192 ---
This is my first post. I thank Paulus for sharing this system which has a great potential, as we all know.

I’ve been test running Dezil’s EA on my FXDD demo account for a couple of days. And I have a suggestion for him.

The EOD EA seems to open trades at around 21:35 FXDD (GMT+2) time, and then waits for 24 hours until it searches trade signals again the next day. Correct me if I am wrong.

A problem with this way of trading system is that it did not make trade on EURUSD or USDCHF yesterday. Their signals were completed about two hours later when Paulus posted above messages with “go head” suggestions with the two pairs, although the EOD indicator correctly displayed trade signals. (See posts #160 thru #162.)

The EOD as I understand is an end of day system, so it is supposed to open trades at the end of day. So, I was wondering if there was a way to improve the EA to continuously search for the trade signals, and opening trades until 24:00 (the day’s end), or let the users define a period to start and finish searching trade signals & opening trades, i.e., only between 22:00 and 24:00, etc.

If Dezil or anyone can improve the EOD EA with above features, it will be an invaluable addition to already great end of day trading system.

Michael

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Peter great work..

I havnt got the time to number crunch all this stuff even me writting this post could lead to an ugly scene ;_(

I did look some time back at closing out at 75% atr when i ran the system before so your 50% atr and run the rest doesn't surprise me.

I would stress however that you have to run this system using min stakes ie with spread betting companies that will prob mean £0.50p per pip and with broker micro or mini contract the reason being we can have several swaps all trigger on the same day and its not nice trying to figure what ones to take and what ones to leave because your MM wont stretch that far,its emotional its subjective and we dont want to go that way if it can be helped ....Closing out at 50% 1/2 the position would release funds to reinvest.

Big moves can occur and I have taken 1200 pips on one signal using the sliding stop which i will post next week as Im away down to the south coast for the week end.

But basically at atr or if it seems viable to do so 50% atr close 50% and bring stop to break even ride the rest using the slider.

Thanks for the post and the number crunching will be very interested in what you find out

Paulus

--- 帖子 #194 ---
you should trade as low as possible so you can take advantage of all signal triggered.

I would rather have 8 open signals on 50pence per pip then 2 chosen signals on £2 a pip.

Im out at 7pm so I will be taking signals 15minutes to..its all about working round your private lives.

If you can take the signal as close as possible to candle close albeit as you know taking my signals at 8pm last night because I had wing chung gave me a bit of a better fill than if I took at my normal time of 9pm but its swings and round abouts this system is meant to be low maintenance and stress free ;-)

paulus

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Thanks Paulus for quick reply , will take all signals at 9pm uk time today and see what happens. Should make for a fun opening on sunday.

Kind regards

Geoff

--- 帖子 #196 ---
short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 pips

Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips

Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips

Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips

This is the earliest Iv taken signals I wouldnt dream of doing this normaly but leaving now for week end trip to coast for haloween...If signals disapeer by my normal 9pm or other appear its just the risk I have to take..If I was trading large and on full stakes I wouldn't open any at this time and if it meant I missed them because I was away so be it we have to have a mechanical rule.But Im willing to post the signals

But positions all on min stake

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Made the usdchf trade at 02:49 am GMT 31/10/08

The yellow line = stop loss @ 1.1173

The purple line = price at trade @ 1.1373

The aqua blue line = target profit @ 1.1573

The solid red line represents the trade time at 02:49 but on a daily chart doesn't mean a lot.  The dotted red line is what I would have been looking at to decide on the trade with stoch and CCI from yesterdays bar close.

The 8 ATR on the dotted line gave 207 pips as a target.  I used this is a ball park figure.  Luckily at the time of trade 200 pip below entry coincided to be beneath the low of the previous day candle.   Made RR 1:1 by going for 200 pips above entry price.  The trade automatically closed out around 14:23.  Set and forget trade!

The money management can be dicey on this system though.  The EURUSD trade for example.  The morning star?! (im not hot on my candlesticks) we had signifies a possible down trend, but does one put a stop loss above this high of the day.  If we did that would of given a bad RR ratio.  I think that would of given a 500+ pip stop loss!! With only an approx 330 pip target TP.  I need to figure that out.  I understand giving trades some breathing room, but if you do get taken out, you need to win more trades to catch your losses which is never a good thing.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Let the force be with you, paulus.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
I'm new to this thread, but I have been studying it for the past couple of days. This looks brilliant. I have to study more, and practice more, and I may have questions later. But for now, I have to wrestle with it a liitle more. I love the simplicity.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Good day Paulus,

The chart below is for USD/CAD after the market been closed, do you think the signal still valid for going long?

Regards,

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Hi Dezil, tried EA on geppy, from 1.1.08 till this day. It seems that EA is pretty selective with trades, indicator shows 22 signals for this year, EA only took 6 trades. Could you kindly check why it ignores most of the signals. Thanks,

R

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Hi Deep Blue,

The candle in question on the EURUSD is a "shooting star" with a pretty nice pinbar located with space around it.

In this case, bulls tried to move the price up over the previous 2.5 day sessions (swing up)

BUT

The price was convincingly pushed back down in just one day suggesting the bears are still firmly in control.

While anything can happen, it should in theory, portend lower prices.

See James 16 thread re: pinbars.

Jim

--- 帖子 #203 ---
I thought a picture would add a better visualization to what Foreyes just mentioned.

Looks like a very good shorting opportunity coming up today:

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Hi

TW I sent you a pm- i dont know if you recieved it

--- 帖子 #205 ---
alba

Just back from week end away..if CCI above 0.00 and stoch was below 50 then made a higher move no matter how small and you have a green candle then yes its a signal.Take as late as possible on the actual entry day without it becoming anti social ;-)

Your chart shows a green candle which is fine...when its a near doji like this you could take it on green at 8pm only for some one else to see it go red at 9pm and not take it dont worry its swings and round abouts that why I say try to take your trade at the same time every day so at least in your time zone you are consistent.Try to take the trade after the candle has been open for at least 16 -18 hrs..No good taking a signal 6 hours in to the day.....

Deep blue you can interpret the candles how you wish I personally don't look all ...Im after is red or green if A happens go to B if B happens look at C if C happens take the trade thats how my brain works hehe ..

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Positions as they stand as of now

Long long way to go a few hrs when mkt opens could see it all change but stick to the rules stick to your TP and SL the orders are in the market which we cant influence  ..think long term and money manegment

Oct 30th

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips Currently up 196 pips
Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips Result = closed  +243 pips
Oct 31st

As you know I opened the positions below 3 hours early due to me leaving for a week end away Iv just looked at the closing prices on Friday and this is how the positions stand atm ...closing all positions would give +672 pips

short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips            +55

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 pips            -20

Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips           +92

Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips              +46

Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips            +60

Paulus

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Nice results Paul

p.s. would you start to lock in the trades or its simply hit TP or SL ?

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Yeh thanks for that, I knew it was something like that.  I've spent the weekend reading Japanese Candlestick Charting Techniques, Second Edition - Steve Nison so shouldn't get them wrong again  .

I'm just a bit concerned over RR ratios. Paulus what are your SL settings for those trades you mentioned?

--- 帖子 #209 ---
The sl are not maths based ie if my tgt is 100 my stop has to be 50 to give me good RR..

On end of day trading the stop has to be in a technically good  position and that means 10 pips above or below the swing high low of the signal...

Your money management will take care of the RR

But for example the stop on GBPJPY is 618 pips the target is 955 so a risk reward of 1.54:1

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Pervaz

2 outcomes for me hit TP or Hit SL ;-}

Paulus

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Yes, Mr. Nison is the man when it comes to Japanese Candlestick...I attended one of his trading seminar in NY couple years ago. It pays to pay attention to candle patterns.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Hi Paulus,

Hope you enjoyed (are enjoying) your break.

Because you have a fixed risk --5%-- for your stop, and that stop can be in the hundreds of pips, it would be more informative to post the percentage profit/loss as opposed to straight pips.

Obviously 200 pips profit looks impressive but doesn't tell us much.

If the stop was 400 pips then 200 pips profit is a return of approx. 2.5% which is helpful.

If the next trade loses with a 100 pips stop then we are -2.5% on our account.

Without the percentages we might be fooled into thinking we're made a net gain of 100 pips; which isn't the case.

Once again thank you for all your hard work.

Wishing you and your family all the best.

gtrade

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Candle patterns like the one in eurusd showed 2 daily candles ago, was a definite Shooting Star. But candles must be seen in context. By themselves, they can be very dangerous to trade alone.

In context, meaning that you view candle patterns in relation with other form of technical analysis. Be it sup/res levels, elliot waves, fib. retracemetns, etc., it is extremely important taking candle patterns signal with confirming technical indicators.

I found this EOD system, so far, a reliable confirming indicator.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Hi Paulus,

Do you ever add to winning positions before they hit TP?

If so what method do you use?

TIA

Jim

--- 帖子 #215 ---
No I never add

I only take positions on the entry day,Im trying to keep things as as simple as possible.I do use a trailing stop will post that later when I have time to post it Il prob just copy and paste from the original thread

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Hi Paulus,

How are the latest trades based on last Fridays closing candles going.?

Can you post your present results?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
PAULUS

I've been away in Singapore for 5 days but back now and been following the forum and the trades etc.

I think it would be great if you could post the percentage of the win as well as the pips as GTRADE suggests, as this will give a better all round understanding of the RR.

If you are happy to do that Paulus that would be brilliant.

Best

Law

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Il give it a go but I have huge time problems this end,these calcs can be done by any one easily enough.

I will post updated profit and loss on open positions now but I wont do it again mainly because its an eod trading system...what the positions were showing yest has no reflection on what they are showing today or tomorrow all Im interested in is has my SL or TP been hit what it does in between times doesn't bother or worry me in the slightest..

if I was up 270pips and my TP was 275 I wouldn't close this is mechanical check positions once only at my alloted time which as you know for me is 9pm or as close as possible to that time.If we are happy with a stop at last swing high low why worry if the signal is against us or why pat our selves on the back if its going with us all i want is a loss or a win

Anyway here are the figures ..

Oct 30th

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips Currently up 76 pips
Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips Result = closed  +243 pips
Oct 31st

As you know I opened the positions below 3 hours early due to me leaving for a week end away Iv just looked at the closing prices on Friday and this is how the positions stand atm ...

short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips            +55 ( now - 75pips)

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 pips            -20 ( now - 121 pips)

Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips           +92 ( now - 79 pips)

Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips              +46  ( now -168 pips)

Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips            +60 ( now -199 pips)

Paulus

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hi Paulus

Thanks for your time.

Sorry if I had asked a wrong question.

Should the trades be allowed to run until SL or TP is hit or closed at the end of next day?

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Until SL or TP hit however long it may take, there is no premature closing in this system

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Oct 30th

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips Currently up 282 pips
Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips Result = closed  +243 pips

Oct 31st

short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips            +308

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 pips            -102
Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips closed sl hit -100

Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips              +59

Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips            +215

1st Nov

short GBPCHF ( red doji) at 1.86100 tp 445 pips

Clsoing all positions now would give me 905 pips in the bank

Paulus

--- 帖子 #222 ---
This pair looks very good paulus.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Hi Hunderwolf,

I see that you are mixing paulus system with other indicators. Can you please explain how you use your indicators to enter/exit positions?

Thanks paulus for this great system, so far your open positions of 30th and 31st are doing good.

Thanks in advance,

Way2Freedom

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Thanks Paulus; don't want to add to your burden so if you wouldn't mind posting the stop risk in pips (stop to entry price) so that we can monitor the actual profit/loss as TP pips without that is obviously meaningless.

Thanks for a great system!

gtrade

--- 帖子 #225 ---
....and that's what I call a sweet bank deposit.

Many thanks Paulus.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
If I follow this system correctly...the next wave of actions could be many days ahead of us. So be patient for a good signal, like the last one.

Enjoy your time with your family.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Well, maybe on the side, u can pay a bit attention also to this pair...looks like a good shorting opportunity with prices around 98.93

--- 帖子 #228 ---
I've put together a chart with six pairs on it to watch for the EOD setup. I use IBFX and didn't know what time(server, chart, gmt etc) that the alert occurs and the calculations of the SL takes place. Can anyone help me.  ~9 PM in London is 2 PM in Salt Lake if I wanted to try to sync up with the time Paulus evaluates a trade.

Does it make any sense for me to evaluate trades after the NY close?  Thanks for any ideas. Lynn

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Read the whole thread once first

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Hi you could sync with me but if I was where you are id take my trades 15mins before the daily candle ends which for you would be around 4.45pm your time that way your entering right at the end of the daily candle

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Paulus

Can you explain the why the SL were hit for AUD/USD and USD/CAD ? I thought it was almost R:R of 1:1 ?

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Thanks Paulus, I'll go with 4:45 time. Lynn

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Only usd cad was closed the other red entry is there just to show the draw down on it its ..only 1 in the red says ' closed'

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #234 ---
No shorting opportunity for this pair today, but it will come the time.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Oct 30th

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips
Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips Result = closed  +243 pips

Oct 31st

short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips            was 5 pips from TP

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 closed sl hit -245
Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips closed sl hit -100
Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips

Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips

1st Nov

short GBPCHF ( red doji) at 1.86100 tp 445 pips

No Fresh signals

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Hi,

Still around 10 hours to close the day but here are some pair to watch closely.

Paulus,

I am using a target of 75% ATR(5) as you suggested during your 6 months trial of this system. I find it easy to manage multiple position and most important to have higher turnover.

Cheers,

Way2Freedom

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Thanks thunderwolf for the template, I am using it to follow up Paulus system.

Can you please elaborate on the bands indicators and how you use them in combination with Paulus system?

Cheers,

Way2Freedom

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Oct 30th

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips
Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips Result = closed  +243 pips

Oct 31st

short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 closed sl hit -245
Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips closed sl hit -100
Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips

Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips

1st Nov

short GBPCHF ( red doji) at 1.86100 tp 445 pips

5th Nov

Short USDJPY at 98.880 tp  208 pips

Short AUDUSD at 0.69236 tp 272 pips

Long USDCAD at 1.16264 tp 358 pips

Short EURCHF at 1.50745 tp 256 pips

Long EURAUD at 1.87240 tp 577 pips
Short CADCHF at 0.99755 tp 346 pips

All showed a healthy profit by close of last night but financialy Im stretched to the limit so need to filter them ..any suggestions..reducing atr perhaps to 50% ATR so we  close out quicker ??

Paulus

--- 帖子 #239 ---
PAULUS

How are you managing your risk at present. In other words what are your personal rules. If your max risk = 5% then I assume if there are 5 signals that come along at once then you split each one down to 1% risk, right?

But what about the next day an another 5 come along together?

Right now you have many more positions open - So how are you dealing with that? What is your rule?

Best

Law

--- 帖子 #240 ---
How about partially closing some of your positions that are in profit and bringing the Stop Loss to BE? You would free up your capital this way while locking in profits.

Also many of the pairs are correlated or inversely correlated so no need to take them all.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Hi Paulus

What time did you open your trades of the 5th; it seems as if entries are much better than the close prices

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Hi Howard I opened them within 10 mins of each other going from 8.40 to 8.50 pm

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #243 ---
I've been trading this system for past couple of weeks. I don't enter at market price. I drop down to 1HR timeframe and set a limit at previous S/R. I get a better entry and better R:R.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi Rum

What are your results please its good to inc every thing into the melting pot

cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Nice try

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Results have been good so far. My only losses were AUS/USD and NZD/USD from a couple of days ago. I haven't taken all signals. Only the ones I feel comfortable with. I do scale out of my trades and move stops down a little. Not to breakeven but to newly established S/R levels. Last night I placed entry orders for AUS/USD at 0.6830 and NZD/USD at 0.6000. If you look at you 1HR chart those levels were right around resistance levels. I got filled and so far in profit. Of course I risk not getting filled at all but I'm willing to live with it.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
ok get yer hankies out if I open a position I take 5% of my bank another position arises I take 5% of the remaining bank etc etc..hence I'm very stretched but positions in profit help with the margin

Its not ideal but I could invest 5% on Monday into 1 position and then 4 positions at 5% each on tues..  On Monday I didnt know about the Tuesday trades so wouldn't of gone down as low as 1 % on the position on Monday......

with a larger bank I would reduce my initial exposure to 2 or 3 % per signal of the bank at that time

Cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #248 ---
No new positions all open trades doing nicely

Paulus

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Hi. You don't show eurusd as a new setup?

--- 帖子 #250 ---
maybe because we still have a ongoing position in Eur/Usd,

like Eur/Jpy yesterday

--- 帖子 #251 ---
yes Im still live on the original position and I dont add

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Oct 30th

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips
Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips Result = closed  +243 pips

Oct 31st

short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips Result = closed +535 pips

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 closed sl hit -245
Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips closed sl hit -100
Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips

Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips

1st Nov

short GBPCHF ( red doji) at 1.86100 tp 445 pips

5th Nov

Short USDJPY at 98.880 tp  208 pips
Short AUDUSD at 0.69236 tp 272 pips Result = closed + 272 pips
Long USDCAD at 1.16264 tp 358 pips Result = closed +358 pips

Short EURCHF at 1.50745 tp 256 pips

Long EURAUD at 1.87240 tp 577 pips
Short CADCHF at 0.99755 tp 346 pips

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Paulus,

I am testing the system and this looks very promising.

Are you using the EOD indicator provided in the forum? I have noticed that some of the entries do not respect your rules, (for e.g. Stochastics not being at the rigth  levels).

Also yesterday I got around 9 signals that I took in demo, checking today almost all are in profit.

I will need to dedicate a bit more time to backtest but I am very happy with the initial tests, are you using the system since long time?

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Hi Tig will answer later if thats ok

Quick update USDJPY was just 8 pips from its 208 pips target....

Oct 30th

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips
Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips Result = closed  +243 pips

Oct 31st

short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips Result = closed +535 pips

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 closed sl hit -245
Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips closed sl hit -100
Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips

Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips

1st Nov

short GBPCHF ( red doji) at 1.86100 tp 445 pips

5th Nov

Short USDJPY at 98.880 tp  208 pips
Short AUDUSD at 0.69236 tp 272 pips Result = closed + 272 pips
Long USDCAD at 1.16264 tp 358 pips Result = closed +358 pips

Short EURCHF at 1.50745 tp 256 pips
Long EURAUD at 1.87240 tp 577 pips Result = closed +577 pips
Short CADCHF at 0.99755 tp 346 pips

Paulus

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Paulus, could you kindly add sl's to the opened trades. Thanks,

R

--- 帖子 #256 ---
There is different between in @ 9:00 and in @ EOD

Short AUD/USD @ 0.6768

Long EUR/AUD  @ 1.9087

Is it a problem? Paul

--- 帖子 #257 ---
PAULUS

In your posts you mentioned positioned closed, are you trailing the position with 50% of the position or are you closing all of the position? Can you clarify please...

Also, I agree with the other posts that it would be useful and crucial to post your SL, as without posting this it is difficult to decide if overall you will come out on top.

Let me explain: If you lose say 4 trades and your max risk is 5% that = 20% drawdown. You might win 4 trades following that and make 600-800 pips, but that does not really mean that you will come out on top. It depends on what percentage 600-800 pips is of your account, compared to what your risk is.

In theory the 600-800 pips might only be 5%-10% in total which means that you would be -10% down of negative equity.

This really needs to be fully explained, so we can see the potential for your system.

I can see that your system wins more than it loses, which is great but I am trying to work out how profitable your system will be over time if that makes sense.

Can you please clarify this for all of us as I know many of us would like to better understand this.

Many thx

Law

--- 帖子 #258 ---
My first trades of the system.  Around 5 PM MST on the 5th I put on these trades:

Sell EUR/CHF at 1.4979 with at tp of 252, closed -30

Sell AUD/USD at .6776 with tp of 194, closed +194

Sell AUD/JPY at 66.45 with tp of 267, closed +267

After hitting two tp's and having the third trade at -30 and not seeming to want to  go in my direction I closed it.

Good first start for me. Thanks Paulus

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Hi qwer 2004 re read your post dont understand the question sorry I call it an eod of day system because it uses eod data but for me to trade on the days end would mean me trading at midnight I there fore have chosen 9pm as my ideal trading time as its social for family life and Im still awake enough to hit the right keys on the key board..lols

Ideal you want to be as close as you can to the end of the day Im 18 hours into the day when I place trades at 9pm and thats good enough..

Hope that was an answer to the question

Rocroy and others if you use MT4 Dezil wrote an indicator for this system and I will inc it here just put it in your ind folder in MT4 and load it as a normal ind..you will see the arrows indicating a signal plus a red or blue dot.

In the event of a short you will see a red dot my stop will be 10 pips above that and visa vers for long have inc a screen shot of an open position

Law

Im closing all the position atm as for the stop loss Im going to ask Dezil if as well as the dot he can put a price on the chart indicating the SL as swing high and low

Ibhales nice one but you opened very early but if it worked for you great you got some moentum on the day that was left

Tigre all my trades have been to rules and I am inc the indicator on this post could you tell me what signals you thought were wrong please on the original system that was posted 6months ago I used the high of the signal bar as my SL but realised that this was too tight and have now moved to swing high or low..all the results can be seen on that thread and I made over 6k pips using it I believe this will make more it uses exactly the same entry ruless

--- 帖子 #260 ---
PAULUS

I think you missed these questions in your last reply apart from the bit about the dot and the SL:

In your posts you mentioned positioned closed, are you trailing the position with 50% of the position or are you closing all of the position? Can you clarify please...

Also, I agree with the other posts that it would be useful and crucial to post your SL, as without posting this it is difficult to decide if overall you will come out on top.

Let me explain: If you lose say 4 trades and your max risk is 5% that = 20% drawdown. You might win 4 trades following that and make 600-800 pips, but that does not really mean that you will come out on top. It depends on what percentage 600-800 pips is of your account, compared to what your risk is.

In theory the 600-800 pips might only be 5%-10% in total which means that you would be -10% down of negative equity.

This really needs to be fully explained, so we can see the potential for your system.

I can see that your system wins more than it loses, which is great but I am trying to work out how profitable your system will be over time if that makes sense.

Can you please clarify this for all of us as I know many of us would like to better understand this.

Many thx

Law

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Hi Law,

Simply reduce the leverage/value of each pip to mediate risk according to your own personal MM rules.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Hi Paulus,

Regarding Lawrence's and others' questions regarding stop loss:

the indicator is not correct; but hats off to the guy that developed it.

Having to back-track all of your trades on 10-14 different currencies is not only a huge waste of time but we can't accurately work out all legitimate entries  as indicators can pose a problem back testing.

Compared to you SIMPLY noting your stop in pips (stop to entry) it is proving very frustrating.

It is of no consequence what OUR MM rules are until we know what you are LOSING or potentially losing compared to what you are winning for ALL TRADES.

I don't know how many ways we can say this!

gtrade

--- 帖子 #263 ---
First of all show example where indicator is not correct

--- 帖子 #264 ---
I cannot undrstand gtrades problem with regard to stop losses etc , Paulus has already said he has family constraints and will post when he gets the time, and then you get a cretin like gtrade coming on giving him a hard time.

I use this system and have worked most things out for myself with regard to m/m stop loss etc, if I was Paulus personally I wouldnt give you the time of day, Try working things out for yourself instead of saying "how many more times  do we have to say this", perhaps you could just say "thanks Paulus" and be on your way, sometimes even when you spoon feed people they are

still not happy.

Kind Regards

Geoff

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Thanks for your quick response Paulus, and confirming the indicator.

After double check you are absolutely right, all the entries are respecting the rules you provided.  The system looks incredibly robust, hopefully I will have some time to do some backtesting during the week end.

Again many thanks for having shared your method, I think it is excellent

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Paulus gave us a very good system, which is working very well for me so far.  If you cant take the time to do your own research than your in the wrong business.

Thanks again Paulus, There are some of us who appreciate your generosity.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Welcome back, Dezil! I posted a similar message a few days back

I’ve been testing the EOD EA on my FXDD demo account for about ten days, and have found that trades are placed initially at 21:36 FXDD time (which is 19:36 GMT). Sometimes, I feel that trades are triggered rather prematurely. Ideally, I think that the trades should be opened at the day’s end because it is supposed to be the end of day system.

So I was wondering if there was any way to delay opening the trades for about two hours. I took a look at the code myself though I have zero experience in coding.

I found the sentence in the code which goes:

if(Hour()>=22)

If I change the number “22” to “24”, could I delay the trades for two hours?

Lastly, does the EA place a limit order (rather than market order) when the condition (the signal bar being 90% competed) is met at a certain time?

Your response would be greatly appreciated.

Michael

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Thanks for all the positive responses.

I have taken the time to do the research; i have also pm'd Paulus regarding that. I just don't understand WHY Paulus doesn't post the risk in pips.

I can't conceivably see how it can take any more time just to add what the stop to entry is for his trades with this system.

We can back test all we want but it's Paulus's system and we can't evaluate his trades' effectiveness without his stop to entry in pips.

Paulus obviously can do what he wishes but the traders on this forum post both sides of the trade not just the winning pips.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
"I can't conceivably see how it can take any more time just to add what the stop to entry is for his trades with this system."

Paulus explained from the very beginning that time available for even his own "trading" is limited.

Expecting precise detailed answers to questions (that are very clear in the rules) is asking a bit much.

It's not like any of us have "purchased" this system and are owed more than the precise instructions that we were given.

Paulus freely shared this method and it is very clear (and thus far profitable for me.)

The Stop Loss is calculated as the number of pips/points/tics between the signal entry and the previous swing high.

Thus:- - -Simply look at the previous swing high, add 10 points + the spread to it, and that will be your stop loss.

Lets say Signal entry is 1.3000. Previous Swing high was 1.9000. The stop loss will be 1.9000 +10, plus spread(3) or =1.9013
It will be different for everyone depending on when and at what specific level you enter the trade.

If the stop loss is calculated out to 600 points/pips, (613 as per above) and that is too high for your risk tolerance, then reduce your leverage to make it work.

For example: if you are trading mini at .1 or $1.00 per pip, and the resulting $613. exceeded your risk tolerance, do the math and reduce it accordingly. i.e. change to .05 per pip and your total risk will be reduced to just $306.50

If that's too much, reduce it further - - -at .01, your risk will be only $61.3 for the same 600 pips+10 +spread 3.

Risk and MM is something only we as individuals can decide. Only we know what we can afford, and how much each pip based on our leverage will be worth in our own currency. I use dollars. Others will use something else.

I hope this helps a little.

Thus far, I'm very happy with this clearly defined, easy to follow system.

Thank you Paulus !

Jim

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Come on folks.  SL = swing high/low.   If your TP is < SL  - think hard .  Doesn't get much simplier than that.   It doesn't matter how many lots you play per trade, if your SL is greater than your TP in pips, don't trade.  I wouldn't gamble $50 to make $30, as much as i wouldn't $5000 to make $3000.    I see some people saying they like giving trades room to breath, but that seems counter intuitive to risk management.

I do agree that it doesn't take much to add in what your SL was when posting, any trader worth his salt will have it there with his figures so time is hardly a factor in looking it up.

Having said that. There's enough detail in this thread to go figure though.  Infact why don't people querying paulus' stop losses go and work out their own swing high and low points and explain whether or not they'd take the trade.  This is forex at is simplest - honestly.    Instead of criticising lack of information, how about adding your own insight into the situation.

Paulus posted a few trade on 5th Nov trade, 2 for example:

Short AUDUSD at 0.69236 tp 272 pips Result = closed + 272 pips

From my ATR it would have been a 300 TP, and I would have used the candle high on the 20th Oct as resistance level for SL around 150 pips.

Long USDCAD at 1.16264 tp 358 pips Result = closed +358 pips
Here I would of had a TP of 368, and a SL of around 330 based on the 14th Oct swing  low.  etc etc.

And that is just using paulus own entry times!!  A lot of this is subjective.  Even my TP's on an 8 ATR are different.   Infact in the case of AUDUSD short I might have increased (doubled!) it to 300 pips for a 1:1 RR.  As far as I see it, I personally wont take a trade unless the RR is 1:1 or better.   Keep it simple. And that all comes down to what I figure myself to be the relevant stop loss.  Maybe this is why Paulus ain't posting them.  The TP is a given - any monkey can check the ATR.  The swing low/high are a little more subjective.  DIY folks

We each have to judge the support or resistance level that may exist and guage whether its worth placing a stop there or if its just throwing pips down the drain if it heads that way.  I guess if you can't even figure out where your comfortable placing a stop from whats already been said, this system ain't for you.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Hi Thanks for all the comments I will lay myself open so you know what is happening this end.I want to say this as its a way of purging how I feel inside and may help with the healing

Ive been with my wife for 25 years and have 2 children Tom 17 Katy 11

12 weeks ago my wife found out that I have been in contact with another woman 20 years younger than myself the relationship was text based although I did see her several times for tea and a chat.There was no sexual contact but my wife found out and there on that day our worlds ended.

I had been seeing a  phyciatrist for 6months prior to that to try and address a problem id had all my life which was due to my up bringing.At the time I first made contact with this other woman I was on the verge of a break down and was at crises point in my life.What happened was totaly out of charactor and broke all my own morakl codes on life.

We loved each other dearly I have changed 100% for the better but my wife has a broken heart and is having trouble even leaving the house or looking in the mirror.My wife is 44 blonde and stunning in every respect.

She has never liked my trading or the time I invest into it and see's it as a form of gambling.

My time is now spent devoted to my wife and I come to my PC whn either she is out or lying down resting.When she is up and around my time is spent with her as we both want to stay together and live our lives in peace and harmony.

My up bringing was hard,my father was hard,I spend time in the Royal Marine Commandos which was hard...all in all it made me a hard un emotional with drawn person..that has now all changed but my wife needs time for her mind body and soul to repair.

I can only type this now as she is out on a photo graphic course.

I have now layed open my soul to all that read this and I hope to god you never have to go through the pain and severe guilt that Im going through now.

Paulus

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Gtrade has asked for something very simple in a very polite manner. This is not unreasonable and I don't believe he has a bad attitude Geoff!

We have to get real here.If the system is placed on a forum like this and it is to hold up over time then it must be open to be scrutinized. No one is being rude here, just constructive.

I have seen it so many times on a forum where people get into hero worship mode and don't bother doing any proper stats on the system only for it to blow out over time. Gtrade is doing lots of backtesting behind the scenes and has spotted that pips mean nothing if when you lose your losses will crush your wins. He is only asking to see what percentage is that we loosing compared to what percentage is that we are winning!

My questions that I have posted have also not been answered, so you have to ask them again in a polite way. But I am not being rude...

If the system is a winning one then the figures will prove it and there is no big deal in posting the loss % compared to the win %. Just saying we won 600 pips means zero in the real world Geoff if that only adds up to 3% and you have just lost 10% of your account. If you are an experienced trader Geoff then you should know this.

So if Gtrade is asking a valid question your answer is to kick him off the forum...not very grown up Geoff is it!!!

Let's get real here, no one is being rude, no one has a bad attitude. We are all giving Paulus the benefit of the doubt and so far believe in his system, however if he is on a forum he leaves himself open to these valid and legitimate questions. If he cant answer these then that is a different matter.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
I will post what you want on each position on my past and future posts in pips when i get 30 minutes today it will be done ..

You can then work out RR and or % from the given figures

hey ho

Paulus

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Here are the stop loss for each trade mine will be different to your in almost every case because it all depends on your fill price.

Oct 30th

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips- SL 390 pips
Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips Result = closed  +243 pips SL 181 pips

Oct 31st

short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips Result = closed +535 pips SL 551pips

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 closed sl hit -245
Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips closed sl hit -100
Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips              SL 654 pips

Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips            SL 825 pips

1st Nov

short GBPCHF ( red doji) at 1.86100 tp 445 pips SL 373 pips

5th Nov

Short USDJPY at 98.880 tp  208 pips SL 320 pips
Short AUDUSD at 0.69236 tp 272 pips Result = closed + 272 pips SL 92 pips
Long USDCAD at 1.16264 tp 358 pips Result = closed +358 pips SL 165 pips

Short EURCHF at 1.50745 tp 256 pips SL 98 pips

Long EURAUD at 1.87240 tp 577 pips SL 233 pips
Short CADCHF at 0.99755 tp 346 pips SL 108 pips

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Thanks for all the positive responses!

Thankyou 555ngone, foreyes,deepblue27,lawrence (wise words) and geoff.

All posts in their own way have moved the discussion along.

As i've said before, Paulus: put your family first; and I wish you all the best.

gtrade.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
I think we've all noticed how price will often return to the previous swing high/low to the pip. It will then bounce off and return to the general trend area.

I've tried the following:

When the previous swing high/low is significantly higher than my entry, I add another pending entry close to that area of resistance/support. This is therefore very close to the stop loss.

If there is a strongly defined daily trend line, I'll add the 2ndary pending entry a few points below/above that point. I keep the stop loss at the same level for both the original order and the pending order.

If the second entry is hit, there is very little additional risk as the stop loss is still very close. This past week, all of my secondary pending orders were hit and the PA halted and did not continue to the SL. (except for the usd-cad.)
My loss on the usd-cad was only about 40 pips more than it would have been without the additional entry.

However, the tactic resulted in greatly increased profit (170+ pips each) on all of my other positions.

Nearly doubling the return, the reward this time was very much worth the relatively small additional risk.

I would however adjust your pip values in accordance with your tolerance if you do this with multiple open positions.

Jim

I would add, that if you have the time, the risk at the secondary entry can be significantly diminished if you are able to let price hit support/resistance

first, and then enter the pending order 40 or so points above/below that point. This can protect you from losing the additional pips if the price continues to move against you.

Please Note

This is not part of Paulus' system and I don't mean to muddy the waters or add confusion.
It is just a tactic that worked for me "this time."

Most using this system don't have the luxury of being able to watch for that "event," so the best we can do ( if adding a second position) is to keep the secondary entry close to the SL.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Thanks for your reply Lawrence and my sincere apologies to gtrade, in the cold light of day I was perhaps a bit harsh, however, the real point I was trying to make was that right from the start Paulus told us he had real problems at home and yet when he doesnt answer questions quick enough comments like "How many more times do we have to ask" did seem to me to

be somewhat rude at the time. Everyone will enter trades at different times,

prices etc and everyone will have different tollerance levels to risk so what will be good for me will not be good for someone else, so what Paulus uses as

stops and m/m is in my opinion only relevant to him. I am spending a lot of time working my own levels out and making this system fit my style which seems like a good idea to me. Whilst I certainly do not have "hero worship"

towards the author I also have seen many good threads just fade away because the author got fed up with answering questions that people could

answer themselves. Anyway, hope all make lots of pips with this, and once

again my apologies to you gtrade.

Kind Regards

Geoff

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Thanks Geoff; no offence taken.

gtrade

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Billbs and everyone else:

Im trying to learn through this thread and I am asking based on this entry on the righthandside, I would have gone short a day sooner based on the indicators.

Should I wait to see it go down a little bit and then enter, is that how we confirm our entry...wait till it does go down?

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Paulus seems to enter his trades about 18 to 20 hours into the trading day using GMT.

His system is designed around that entry time.  By that time, the price action for the day has been fairly clearly defined.  The hope is that the established price tendency will continue.

You will want to wait until the stoc. indicator has visibly ticked down/up for that day to confirm the price direction.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Hi Dezil,

Here's the chart I tried sending to you (24/10/7):

--- 帖子 #282 ---
check out posts 243 and 246. I've been setting limit orders only and it has been working great for me. I've nearly added 25% to an account I'd setup to trade daily charts only but wasn't getting enough signals with my other system. Thanks Paulus.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Dont get confuse my friend

time of Entry should in end of day ( 9:00 GMT or more )

Once u see Candle Red and CCI in negitve area and Stoch in positive area and looks down (just looks down) means Entry confirmed you can short it and vise versa .

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Could show us by posting a daily and hourly chart where you place your limit orders for entry

--- 帖子 #285 ---
JK

Wed Wed is right we use the CCI for direction so this can only be long or short there is no middle ground .

The stochastic is to try and time our entry

So if going short we would like price to rally 1st so we can enter

If going long we would like price to retrace so we can enter.

The chart you mentioned which I have inc here again shows the correct entry

Just another point if I may about the stop I know we all strive for a RR of at least 1:1 or 3:1 at best but stop placement to me is far more importantly placed at a critical support or resistance area or then a number which has just been number crunched to give us a value..

For example

Our target is 100 pips so my stop will be 50 Im happy because this gives me 2:1 RR if my TP is hit..BUT.. that 50 pip SL has absolutely no relavence in the market its just an obscure point on our chart you have given your position no support what so ever.

In a down trend like shown in the chart for a swing high to be broken then there is a fair chance that the down trend is broken..thats a pretty strong technical situation to arrise and thats where I personally want my stop to be.

Now if that results in a larger stop size then we have to move over to money management to run our trade for us and dictate how large we trade.

2 Trades one with a stop of 50 the other with a stop of 200 if your money management is correct you should lose the same $ value on both if your stop loss is hit.

Foeryes

Love your 2nd entry technic I think i may add another position if price retraces 75% of my entry bar.. my sl on this 2nd position will be very small compared to the 1st position my average price on the trade comes down and my profit is greatly increased..in fact if I set my TP on my 2nd contract the same pip value as my 1st I can close out quicker with it.

Nice idea thanks for adding it to the thread

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Hi Paulus

I think most people who have traded will understand that it is better to place a stop in a techincal place like above a swing high or below a swing low. Or for fib players to hide their stop behind a significant fib of SK confluence level. I also think that most people should understand regarding adjusting their lot size to compensate so it will not matter how big the size of your stop loss is as you are still risking the same amount of your account.

However the real measure of a good system is the percentage of growth at the end of each month. You can have a 600 pip SL and take your lot size down to micro lots and still only risk 5% of your account no problem. Thats a given if you know how to trade.

What I and Gtrade are trying to understand is not if the system wins 70-75% of the time, as I am sure it does...but instead how much % you are growing your account on a monthly basis on average. This is where I think there has been confusion on the posts in the forum!

So it would be nice to clear that up now.

Can I also clarify in one of your previous posts I think you mentioned that you would have many open positions at one time and each one you are risking 5%. If I look at your current open positions then you are at substantial risk  - How are you managing this? Do you wait until you go to BE before a new position is risked at 5%? How many open positions do you risk at 5% at any one time? Otherwise you might have for example 50% of your account at risk if you know what I mean?

Can you take the time to try to explain the % monthly growth from your point of view and also the trade MGT of multiple orders in at the same time.

Many thx for your time and continued good work on this forum

Law

--- 帖子 #287 ---
This bar is down bar, so long forbiden.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
From closed trade the system has now banked 1845 pips after losses..using the 2nd contract scale in I could of doubled this and closed out that 2nd contract alot sooner hmmmmm interesting

Im also up around 1000 pips on open positions

Blue closed with win
Red closed with loss

Black still open

Oct 30th

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips- SL 390 pips
Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips Result = closed  +243 pips SL 181 pips

Oct 31st

short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips Result = closed +535 pips SL 551pips

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 closed sl hit -245
Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips closed sl hit -100
Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips              SL 654 pips

Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips            SL 825 pips

1st Nov

short GBPCHF ( red doji) at 1.86100 tp 445 pips SL 373 pips

5th Nov

Short USDJPY at 98.880 tp  208 pips Result= + 208 pips SL 320 pips
Short AUDUSD at 0.69236 tp 272 pips Result = closed + 272 pips SL 92 pips
Long USDCAD at 1.16264 tp 358 pips Result = closed +358 pips SL 165 pips

Short EURCHF at 1.50745 tp 256 pips SL 98 pips
Long EURAUD at 1.87240 tp 577 pips SL 233 pips Result closed +577pips
Short CADCHF at 0.99755 tp 346 pips SL 108 pips

Paulus

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Thank you Dezil.

The next bar was valid according to the rules?

gray.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Rule Four Factors:

-Time

-Candle Color

-CCI

-Stoch  ( Long if Stoch in nigetive area (below 0 ) and look up )

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Thank you WedWed.

I think this is the rule:

LONG TRADE
CCI is above 0.00 stochastic moves below 50 and ticks up the tick up hasnt got to finish above 50

Enter on a green candle, if red then you can enter the following day but no more and only of green

--- 帖子 #292 ---
No problem. Here is an example of one of my trades from last week. On Nov-5 there was a short signal on nzd/usd. On 1HR there were two obvious swings. The price was around the lower swing at the time so I pick the one higher up. I set my limit order at 0.6000 and got filled. The next day TP was hit at 0.5835. If I had entered at market the risk to reward ratio wouldn't have been reasonable. Stop loss was placed above the swing high at 0.6150 Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Thanks Paulus, appreciate that.

R

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Yes my frind that is..

and in your chart all rule factors counfirmed exept Stoch was already above 50 and rule say ( hasnt got to finish above 50 ).

--- 帖子 #295 ---
gtrade's setup is correct, stoch is ticking up from below 50 line; it does not matter if the stoch is below or above 50 line at close of the bar, it just has to be below 50 and tick up from there

--- 帖子 #296 ---
RULE SAY
LONG TRADE
CCI is above 0.00
Stochastic moves below 50 and ticks up (the tick up hasnt got to finish above 50 )

and you said
it does not matter if the stoch is below or above 50 line

--- 帖子 #297 ---
My Friend Howard , i am talking about the second bar which MR.Gtrade ask about..

What do you think is it Valid according to the Rule?

Becase Rule for long say

Long

CCI is above 0.00 stochastic moves below 50 and ticks up the tick up hasnt got to finish above 50

Enter on a green candle,if red then you can enter the following day but no more and only of green

means as Howard say it is valid.. i am sorry if i make you counfuse.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Both phrases have the same meaning

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Yes still valid, as the setup bar was the one before the(doji) and entry is on close of that bar, why should somebody want to enter two bars later

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Thanx my friend Howard

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Paulus...you da man!  We all thank that you wrote this all out, congrats on the positive returns.

If you look at the USD/CHF for instance did you place multiple trades at one time, is this what you are showing?  If not, what was the gap of time?

Thanks and good luck

--- 帖子 #302 ---
JK sorry mate I dont understand ...

Could you re pharse the question cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #303 ---
T Wolf is your bottom indicator a CCI?

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Hi Paulus,

Which months did you test out this version of your system (TP: 5 DAY ATR) and were they all winning months?

gray

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Dec through to May  but SL was high or low of trigger candle not last swing high low

Plus initially I was using a sliding stop so i would close out 50% and move stop to break even on remainder then follow down with sliding stop until taken out

From that post re - Robot Trading where all the system info was posted

-------------------------------------------

PLEASE NOTE THESE FIGURES ARE FROM LAST YEAR

Taken on 16th

GBPJPY (16th) short 203.60 1st tgt 230  pips

Taken on 15th

EURJPY (15th) short 161.83 1st tgt 190  pips

Taken on 15th

EURAUD (15th) short 1.6412 1st tgt 157 pips  - 1st tgt  hit close half bring stop to break even

Taken on 13th

USDCHF (13th) long 1.0527 1st tgt 116 pips - tgt not  hit still live

Taken on 12th

GBPCHF (12th) Long 2.0428 1st tgt 250 pips - tgt not  hit still long

EURCHF (12th) Long 1.6226 1st tgt  96 pips - 1st tgt hit close half bring stop to break even - stop now set  to 1.6255

Taken on 9th

USDCAD (9th) short 1.0068    1st tgt 123 pips - 1st tgt  hit close half bring stop to break even

Taken on 29th

GBPUSD ( 29th) short 1.9672 1st tgt 195 pips - 1st tgt hit 50% closed rest  to break even- stop on remainder at 1.9600

Total pips gained for positions totally closed

USDCAD loss 90  pips
EURCHF- profit +75

GBPCHF- profit + 297 pips

EURGBP - profit +56 pips
AUDUSD- profit +317  pips

GBPUSD - profit +502 pips

EURUSD - profit +303  pips

EURCHF - profit +59 pips

EURJPY - profit +196 pips

AUDUSD - profit  +94 pips

EURGBP - profit + 242 pips

EURUSD - profit + 98 pips
GBPCHF profit + 261 pips
EURCHF profit + 51 pips
GBPJPY profit + 214 pips

USDJPY profit  + 133 pips
EURJPY profit +192  pips
GBPCHF profit +177 pips
EURCHF loss - 53pips

USDCHF  profit +132 pips
AUDUSD loss -87pips

GBPJPY  Profit + 280 pips
USDJPY Loss -101 pips
EURGBP profit + 48 pips
EURGBP loss - 32 pips
EURJPY profit + 198 pips

AUDUSD loss -84 pips
EURCHF profit +82 pips
GBPCHF profit +210 pips
GBPUSD profit +154 pips
USDCHF loss - 68pips

GBPCHF profit +242
EURAUD loss - 38 pips
GBPJPY loss -200 pips
EURGBP profit+ 140  pips
AUDUSD loss  -33 pips
USDCAD loss - 35  pips
USDCAD loss - 85 pips
GBPJPY profit + 210 pips

AUDUSD profit +135 pips
AUDUSD loss - 55 pips
EURJPY profit +  239 pips

GBPJPY profit + 368 pips

GBPCHF profit + 287 pips

EURCHF profit +158 pips
EURGBP profit +102 pips
GBPJPY profit +288
GBPUSD loss - 155  pips
USDJPY  loss- 60 pips

EURCHF loss - 43pips
EURGBP profit +72pips
GBPCHF profit + 262 pips
USDCHF loss - 232  pips
EURUSD profit + 177 pips - I made a  loss due to incorrect calculations by me - system made a win so have recorded it  as a win
AUDUSD profit +94pips
USDCAD profit +103 pips
EURGBP profit + 67 pips
GBPCHF profit + 191 pips
GBPUSD loss - 233pips
EURUSD profit +140 pips
USDCHF loss - 73pips
EURUSD profit  +168 pips
EURJPY profit + 409 pips

EURGBP loss - 150 pips
AUDUSD profit +83 pips
GBPJPY loss 181 pips
AUDUSD loss 170 pips
EURJPY  loss 91pips
GBPJPY profit + 280 pips
GBPCHF profit + 399 pips
USDCHF profit + 343 pips
EURCHF profit +292 pips
EURAUD profit +617 pips
USDJPY profit +160  pips*
EURUSD loss 42 pips
EURJPY profit + 145 pips

EURUSD loss  143 pips
AUDUSD loss 136 pips

--- 帖子 #306 ---
In your other thread below: You posted your results as follows:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...t=61554&page=4

Total pips gained for positions totally closed

USDCAD loss 90 pips
EURCHF- profit +75

GBPCHF- profit + 297 pips

EURGBP - profit +56 pips
AUDUSD- profit +317 pips

GBPUSD - profit +502 pips

EURUSD - profit +303 pips

EURCHF - profit +59 pips

EURJPY - profit +196 pips

AUDUSD - profit +94 pips

EURGBP - profit + 242 pips

EURUSD - profit + 98 pips
GBPCHF profit + 261 pips
EURCHF profit + 51 pips
GBPJPY profit + 214 pips

USDJPY profit + 133 pips
EURJPY profit +192 pips
GBPCHF profit +177 pips
EURCHF loss - 53pips

USDCHF profit +132 pips
AUDUSD loss -87pips

GBPJPY Profit + 280 pips
USDJPY Loss -101 pips
EURGBP profit + 48 pips
EURGBP loss - 32 pips
EURJPY profit + 198 pips

AUDUSD loss -84 pips
EURCHF profit +82 pips
GBPCHF profit +210 pips
GBPUSD profit +154 pips
USDCHF loss - 68pips
GBPCHF profit +242

Now you risk 5% on each trade and there are 7 losses as above then this = 35% of drawdown on your account.

Whether you make money or not will totally depend not on the pips that you make but on the % that this adds up to. So sorry to bang on about this but I have not had any clear definitive answer about this major point.

Its all a bit vague at this point and I want the others on this forum to fully understand this if they are to be successful traders.

If the pips that you made add up to less than 35% then you would be running at a loss. The pips sound great in theory but in reality mean nothing. The only thing that counts is what % did you lose which is 35% as above compared to what % did you win? (Which we dont know)

I hope you now fully understand my question. Perhaps it got lost in translation.

Paulus I am not in any way knocking your system mate, I think it is great, but can you please address these questions so we can all understand the full potential of your system.

Many thx

Law

--- 帖子 #307 ---
HeHe wish we could sit round a table with a mug of coffee...

Ok yes 7 losers in a row would produce a draw down of 35% 20 losers in a row is a draw down of 100%

Reduce the risk to 1% of the bank for each trade and now your 7 losers in a row add up to 7%

So its the amount you risk and that is determined by the size of your bank.

If you started with a bank size of £500 and risked 5% that gives you a risk of £25 max on the initail trade and with the stops involved you couldnt trade.

Also if you had a detailed back test of say 5 years and the longest losing run in that period was 5 then that would give you confidence to risk 10 or 12% on each trade,or if really aggressive 20% max .

My account risking 5% on each trade of the available bank at the time of the signal is 32% up starting with a £5000 bank starting 30th Oct based on the figures for close trades wins and losses.This doesnt inc the 1000 pips Im up on open positions if that was inc Id be up 52% on the account starting balance

I had 2 initial winners which left the account balance at £5,512.50 then 2 losers which left the account at £4,975.03 so although 2 loser which is 10% ( 5%each) my actual draw down on the inital £5000 account was only  £25

or 0.5%

I have not got long term figures for this system all I can suggest is that its paper traded for 6months  to get some results.

Other than that perhaps people here should do their own calcs I havent got months and months of figures Im afraid

Paulus

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Oh how we major in minors. I appreciate the refresher course of basic money management, but to add to Paulus' kindness of sharing us his observation, I'll shall add my own.

Experience makes the man. All things are relative. I will be the first to say, let's all put this process to work, adjust our trades according to our tolerance, and let the process be our teacher. The more time we waste talking about it the less time we can contribute to actually "doing it". What ever the equation you decide to use, it means nothing without execution. Adjust you're percentages accordingly and lets all spend less time worrying about basic money management rules. Or one other suggestion, buy a calculator and take arithmetic again or maybe for the first time. I dunno .

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Paulus or anyone else:

I apologize but when I quote/reply it wont show the list of entries, so I have cut and paste the orders:
EURCHF profit 75

EURCHF profit 82

EURCHF profit 158

EURCHF loss -43

EURCHF profit 59

EURCHF profit 51

EURCHF loss -53

329 71.4%

how quickly do you place the second entry?  these are all on one day?

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Stop being sarcastic and why not add some value to the forum instead Thomas Crown!!! Do some ground work as the figures never lie, stop hero worshiping and go back over the stats and come back with an intelligent experienced answer as opposed to a childish one!!!!

If you are a successful trader then you will understand the importance of what I and GTRADE are saying, of course if you have no experience then I suppose that is the kind of answer we all would expect!!!!

--- 帖子 #311 ---
hai, does any one still have open trade on Sell EURUSD with TP 1.2629 from 6th nov signal ? I just start learning this method from couple days ago

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Hi,

I've started forward testing this system. For me it seems that USDCHF, EURUSD, USDCAD, AUDUSD and USDJPY have been ok lately.

Which pairs would everyone here recommend?

--- 帖子 #313 ---
It is still open, have a look at post 459

--- 帖子 #314 ---
You may use as many pairs as you wish, Paulus uses 13 pairs which are set out in one of his early posts

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Hi All,

What brokers are you all using? It seems that it is quite important that you use a broker who's end of day is as close to the New york close as possible. I have found this quite difficult to find.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Alpair UK

--- 帖子 #317 ---
any broker open time GMT 00

--- 帖子 #318 ---
I guess I struck a chord with a simple observation. Oh well, look you clearly did not read my quote. "I am grateful for the refresher course on basic money management" because it is very necessary. Clearly that is where successful traders stay successful. But my point, which was clearly missed by a sensitive ego, was simply this. We get the importance already, can we move on. I mean, seriously bro, is every post going to be about money management or what? Work the process and you will have you're answers, that was my advice, because, big revelation here, that's what I do. If what is being taught here becomes too much of a risk for you, don't do it. Its that simple.

I believe anyone who trades, knows, its a risk, every time you click that button.

Here's is my contribution (for sensitive egos): I follow the signals, do the calculations, if it I can't handle the potential drawdown based on the S&R on the time frame suggested, I check smaller time frames, and look for the S&R on those, if I can handle those then I use those as my figures, then I monitor it and follow it with a manual trailing stop, then I hope and pray that S&R moves to a break even, if not and I'm in profit, I just move it to a feasible amount of profit, or just close if I'm content. I always use smaller time frames for my entrance, no point in taking a loss on a bounce, not even risking it. If I can't handle the drawdowns on anytime frame, another revelation here. I DON"T TRADE. I go play video games, I run, or wash my car, or go shopping. There, specifics for you.

In conclusion: Once again, I have no problem with what anyone says here, but I sometimes I question anyone who constantly ask the same questions, when they can SIMPLY find the answers for themselves. One thing you said is right, I do worship Heroes, the Heroes I worship are "Wisdom" and "Common Sense"  I pray we all grow in them.

P.S. Experience does make the man, the more you have the less you have to ask.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Only entry I see is:

USDCAD at this point

SL 1.1603

TP +339 pips

My EOD indicator doesn't show this?

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Hi Tex

No signal here its on the uptick bar with the CCI about 0.00..

the long signals as 4 days ago

it was taken and closed with a profit of 258 pips

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #321 ---
It is not a valid setup, imo.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
well done Thomas for your most wise reply....but I think you have missed the point completely! Never mind! As long as you are making money who cares!!!

--- 帖子 #323 ---
This pair looks good for another 240 pips...that's what I think. Any opinion?

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Short AUD USD

What About This For Today ?

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Hi Thomas,

I saw your posts to Lawrence and I thank you for your positive contribution.

And I have no doubt that if everyone remembers we all have a common goal--to be successful traders--and all posts are made in that spirit, this system that Paulus has so generously donated will stand the best chance of surviving and proving itself where so many have failed.

Lawrence continued to ask those questions because they weren't answered but Paulus has now answered to the best of his ability and we thank him for that.

Regarding the reason for asking them is that, as you know, foward testing data; in particular, Paulus' forward tested (live) data is priceless information absolutely needed to assess the effectiveness of his system and to give us a clear understanding of what necessary risk (% of capital) to deploy and what percentage to expect in return for that risk.

Back testing cannot accurately tell us that even with a relatively simple system like this one; if some of the posters here kindly take the time to compare their chart's back data with Paulus' data they'll find significant discrepancies demonstrating that. Most likely due to repainting/shifting of the indicators.

Given that caveat, back testing has demonstrated not so successful months depending on money management. Some of the newer traders may not understand that it's not how well the system does when it's winning that determines its success but how well it does when it's losing, and that's where MM comes in.

Using the current MM would provide significant profit; as some of the traders here are finding BUT  may wipe your account eventually.

I had losses of 52% across 2 months on 5% risk AND that was with splitting the risk according to how many trades presented per day.

Paulus has a MM that I have not seen before which exposes him to a higher % of risk and would have wiped an account during some of the months I tested.

I have also pm'd Paulus some days ago regarding that.

Now, as I said, back testing may be inaccurate and there may be other factors that Paulus uses unknowingly when he places a trade that makes the difference.

Because of the above I wanted to see how Paulus traded the system to make sure I got it right; others, including Lawrence also saw the need.

You sound like a good bloke Thomas; Lawrence is, also.

All the best,

Gray.

Quote:

Thomas Crown

In conclusion: Once again, I have no problem with what anyone says here, but I sometimes I question anyone who constantly ask the same questions, when they can SIMPLY find the answers for themselves. One thing you said is right, I do worship Heroes, the Heroes I worship are "Wisdom" and "Common Sense" I pray we all grow in them.

P.S. Experience does make the man, the more you have the less you have to ask.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
I've been following all this back and forth conversation on money management. All I have to say is that with all due respect I don't care what Paulus does with his trading decisions. All I know is that he presented another way of buying dips and selling rallies and I like his approach. I have not taken all his signals and as Thomas said only taken the ones that fall within my own money management rules. Unlike Paulus I place limit orders precisely for money management purposes. Just because he came up with this trading method that doesn't mean we all have to do what he does. It took me a long time to stop losing in this business and I turned the corner when I finallly learned trying to emulate another trader was doing me more harm than good. Good luck to every one and thank you again Pualus for your contribution.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
i use VHC Trader and Alpari-UK and my chart not the same as yours

by the way , for trading i use oanda and they start daily charts at newyork time what is 6:00 my time (central europe)

--- 帖子 #328 ---
I Use ODL MT4 charts , Daily Candel open 00 GMT

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Earlier I wrote a message requesting details on brokers whose end of day coincided with the New York close, i.e. 17:00 EST or 22:00 GMT. Some people are using brokers whose times are different and this is giving significantly different charts from those that I use.

As far as the system is concerned I was under the impression that it was designed to use the end of day of the largest market as the best starting point to trade from.

If people use different charts not only are the trade times different but also the ATR, TP and SL that are being calculated.

If people could note on their comments what their broker or end of day time in GMT was then it would make it easier to compare results.

My feeling is that this system produces relatively few trades on each currency but that it does provide a good return, especially if it is used over a large number of currency pairs.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Lawrence and G-trade:

Thank You for keeping me on my toes as well. Sincerely! I may have missed the point. I have that problem, I admit. But, to close this subject on a positive note, due to all the attention on the matter, I have learned a lot more about different approaches to money management, and it sincerely caused me to re-examine my personal rules and make adjustments. If I did offend any, I apologize. Let's all help each other get this money, while minimizing the risk.

God Bless

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Hi,

I wonder what timeframes that produce the best results both for manual trading and the EA? Does it matter what TF I use for the EA?

Also, when I enter a specific risk amount in the EA, does it calculate the lot sizes so that the TP and SL will be correct?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Paulus, Im unaware of spread betting companies and wanted to see ask what the benfit is in using this versus being on your own?

--- 帖子 #333 ---
I believe this is an End of Day (EOD) system and should be used as such (daily TF).

I set the EA on the template provided by Paulus with my FXDD demo account. It does calculate the lot sizes according to “RiskSum$” you set on the EA’s properties window. TP and SL functions are built into the EA as “Risk Factor” and “ATR Factor”. In case you are new to this system, last swing high/low is used as SL and ATR (5 day average) as TP. Therefore, I suggest you to try out the EA with the default settings for the start.

By the way, you MUST include the “EOD” indicator in your MT4 folder.

Happy trading!

Michael

--- 帖子 #334 ---
I use a spread betting company because for example if I go short £1 per pip I can close at 25p or 50p increments plus I pay no capital gains tax on profits ;-)

Paulus

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Peter_EST, from this quote could you explain what the "2 ATR" is? and then the average was "3.2 ATR?" All I understand is that the my ATR in pips is set to periods 5 and multiplier 1, is this right as well?

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Dezil could you post a chart that shows what the ATR Channel looks like?

--- 帖子 #337 ---
I am sorry, did not want to confuse anyone in the thread, just posted my observations. However, I must admit that my sample was not that representative, and I ended up closing the whole position at ATR. It is more mechanical as well as seems to work better for me. U can experiment with trade management techniques though but I am quite happy with the original method.

Other than that, I want to say that the system has achieved quite decent hit rates on other timeframes, especially 4h (my account size can not afford me to use daily as it won't cover SL). Hence, I would like to ask if anyone familiar with programming can devote a bit of his spare time to modify the original EA to make it work on lower timeframes, I tried, it did not open any trades in timeframes lower than daily.

Kindest regards,

Peter

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Thanks for your answer. And yes, I am new to this system. I searched through the thread, but I didn't find answers to my questions, so it was good with an answer that cleared everything out. Everything is working great today, with positive pips on EURCHF.

Great system, so thanks to Paulus, and thanks to all the nice people in this thread.

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Thunderwolf could you explain a little bit what the bottom half indicators represent, I'm new and have never seen this before. Thanks and good luck

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1225058956

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Hi,

I can't help you with the adjustment of the EA, since I'm not a programmer, but I have tried it on 1H (on IBFX) and it worked and gave 6-7 trades in one day. However, not all of them were profitable, so the overall result was a loss, but the only losing pairs were AUDCAD and EURCHF. EURUSD, USDCHF and AUDUSD had winning trades.

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Strange...I will try again. Thanx, Archie!

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Wed Wed doesnt the CCI have to be below 0 on you rchart to short? or can you short it when its 50 or close to and ticking down?

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1225360785

--- 帖子 #343 ---
No new signals here and all the open trades doing very well

Of the 6 open trades all of which are very close to hitting their TP's the total pips that the 6 open trades are up is 2290 pips if closed out now

System doing very well atm

Paulus

--- 帖子 #344 ---
What do you think about EURCAD?

CCI below 0 and Stoc has moved up above 50 and ticked down today 4:50 EST

--- 帖子 #345 ---
I know about the stoch and cci and the daily rang. I don't know when to get in? How do i get in? How do i find the opening number, when to get in?

Is it when the indicators tell me to get in then use the daily range?

I have read the thread over and over again. Still dont understand.

Confused

--- 帖子 #346 ---
I placed a limit order 10 pips below the bar (so on IBFX at 1.5033)

--- 帖子 #347 ---
You enter at 9pm UK time or just at the end of the day, if the indicators line up.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Hi My Friend

Short only if CCI below 0 (- area )
Long only if CCI Above 0 (+area )

Short only if Stotch Above 50 and  ticking down. (end of day Red Candel )
Long only if Stotch below 50  and  ticking Up.  (end of day Green Candel ).

Tha chart i was present it as alert to confirmation which it may happen .. and i mentiond that..

hope every thing clear

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Market is playing with us 2 hit thier targets today and 5 are very very close to hitting thier TP but as always dont be tempted wait for your software to do it.

If you close a couple pips early soon it will be 10 early then 20 and then 50 it has to be un emotional.

the 2 that hit are

EURUSD close for 439 pips

GBPJPY closed for 955 pips

Because I risk 5% on each signal the large win on GBPJPY yielded a win of £289.41 the stop was 825 pips and with my risk limited to 5% I had to stake the minimum.

The account that I funded with £5000 is now standing at £7,926.68p

which is a ROI of 51%

Thats not inc the open positions which are around £1300 up.

If any one would like to see a screen shot of any open or closed positions just let me know

Smurf

Im inc the template here for you.. with the indicator that Dezil kindly wrote

But the principle is thus...

Short

CCI below 0.00

Stochastic is above 50 then ticks down

On the Day the stoch ticks down if the candle is red then enter

Entry time is at least 18hrs into that daily candle..all we want is an entry as close as possible to the end of the candle but as that will be at an unsociable hour we just try to get as close as possible

target is the 5 day ATR and I have inc that in the attachments also on the entry day top left you will see the ATR displayed this is your target.

Hope that explains it all

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Just closed

EURUSD +441p

GBPCHF +452p

EURCHF +256p

Now flat for few days...

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Anyone have any idea as to why I keep getting errors every second it keeps posting the same errors at the bottom under the 'experts' tab.  Same error for the 3 different daily charts I have up.

2008.11.12 09:15:43 Cannot open file 'Crogram FilesInterbank FX Trader 4 220 demoexpertsindicatorsHeiken Ashi_SW.ex4' on the GBPUSDm,Daily

Thx,

Todd

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Nice Nie

have closed out several here will update at 9pm ish

Nice to be flattish now after having so many open but my MM dealt with it so was ok

Paulus

--- 帖子 #353 ---
My results for this system has been great. I'm now officially flat as well. I entered limit orders on all of these and the only one I missed getting filled by only a few pips was EUR/CHF. I also scaled out of some of these trades and aimed for more than the suggested ATR profit objective.

gbpjpym   634 pips   Closed 1/2
nzdusdm   -201 pips   Stopped Out

audusdm   -233   pips Stopped Out
gbpchfm   300 pips   Closed 1/3

gbpjpym   173   pips Closed 1/2

audusdm   244   pips Hit Target

nzdusdm   165   pips Hit Target

gbpchfm   227   pips Closed 1/3

gbpchfm   685   pips Closed 1/3

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Hi Everyone:

I have added the "ATR in Pips" indicator and see it on my chart as:

70% of ATR (5) 13.0000

Now I assume that if I want to set my TP at 70% it would be 13 pips, but how do I change this to say 50%?

I may even be wrong altogether.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
right click on chart

select atr in pips

Edit

select periods 5 and multyplier 1

that should give you 5 days 100% atr

paulus

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Rumba did you change your SL as you closed out a portion of your position ?

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Thank you Paulus for this wonderful system. Good for dayjobbers.

My results (times were different because of my job):

GMT 11/11/08 04:22 Sell AUDUSD TP 249 pips (SL 261 pips)

GMT 11/11/08 04:23 Sell USDJPY TP 173 pips (SL 147 pips)

GMT 11/11/08 04:24 Sell GBPJPY TP 531 pips (SL 379 pips)

GMT 11/11/08 04:25 Sell EURJPY TP 357 pips (SL 343 pips)

GMT 11/11/08 04:26 Sell AUDJPY TP 340 pips (SL 360 pips)

GMT 11/11/08 21:53 Sell EURCAD SL -198 pips (TP 312 pips) loss

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Yes. I used fractals on 4HR as new stop loss level.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Thank you Paulus it did work

To be on the safe side I would want to set my multiplier down to .5% instead of having it set to 1 and always having to do calculations before a trade?

--- 帖子 #360 ---
they have worked well but there will be periods of losses must bear that in mind

Paulus

--- 帖子 #361 ---
have time so will do it now

Blue closed with win
Red closed with loss

Black still open

Oct 30th

short EURUSD 1.2918 tgt 439 pips Result = closed + 439pips SL 390 pips
Long USDCHF 1.1378 tgt 243 pips Result = closed  +243 pips SL 181 pips

Oct 31st

short GBPUSD at 1.61300 tp 535 pips Result = closed +535 pips SL 551pips

short AUDUSD at 0.66570 tp 337 closed sl hit -245
Long USDCAD at 1.20310 tp 429 pips closed sl hit -100
Short EURJPY at 125.715 tp 719pips Result = Closed+ 719pips               SL 654 pips
Short GBPJPY at 158.855 tp 955 pips            Result= Closed +955 pips SL 825 pips

1st Nov

short GBPCHF at 1.86100 tp 445 pips Result = closed+ 445 pips SL 373 pips

5th Nov

Short USDJPY at 98.880 tp  208 pips Result= + 208 pips SL 320 pips
Short AUDUSD at 0.69236 tp 272 pips  SL 92 pips
Long USDCAD at 1.16264 tp 358 pips Result = closed +358 pips SL 165 pips
Short EURCHF at 1.50745 tp 256 pips Result= Closed + 256 pips SL 98 pips
Long EURAUD at 1.87240 tp 577 pips SL 233 pips Result closed +577pips
Short CADCHF at 0.99755 tp 346 pips Result = Closed+ 246 pips SL 108 pips

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Hi Paulus and everyone else.

I was thinking on the 'periods of losses' - any of the charts at the moment will show the period a few weeks back when the markets weren't acting their usual. I guess the lower market movement also means lower swings for SL and smaller ATR for TP, so it should balance out no?

--- 帖子 #363 ---
These signals have made 5274 pips after losses

And my Stakes varied from £0.64p  to £4

My account has now doubled

Paulus

--- 帖子 #364 ---
yes tpo correct lower daily moves give lower TP and lower SL

With MM in place you should be ok

P

--- 帖子 #365 ---
but it is safer to have my multiplier at .5% vs. 1.0%?

I could TP at a smaller number this way and not stay in trades longer, correct?

--- 帖子 #366 ---
I will let post talk by itself , but remamber each 1 pip = 1$  in 0.1 lot position.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Ok perhaps i'm getting off topic, I don't know.  But I've read the thread and was wondering if everyone is using the EA or if it's pretty much manual trading everyone is doing.

I can't seem to get the EA to work on my MT4 platform.

And one last question.  The red and blue dot.  Putting my curser on the dot gives me a price.  That would be my stop?

Thx,

Todd

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Paulus,

quick question: you haven't opened any new trades since Nov 5th? per your post below.

thanks, HJJ

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Hi Paulus,

Just curious to know which spreadbetting company are you using?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hi Todd,

Personally I'm just using the indicator rather than the EA. It doesn't take long and I like the involvement of calculating the SL/TP.

The dot is the nearest swing high/low, but I add +10 pips to that for my stop.

For that matter I also used a limit entry of +10 below the low of the bar for my entries yesterday but with the original TP. Kept me out of EURCAD and everything hit TP during today. Great stuff!

-TPO.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Thx TPO for the response.

Your right, it doesn't take long to do a quick look of the charts.

thx again,

Todd

--- 帖子 #372 ---
No, I suggest to leave ATR multiplier at 1.0, because I have observed that very often prices achieve the level of more than 2ATR

The main benefit of the system is, from my point of view, that it reacts 1 bar earlier than the others I have used. I tried to employ the Paulus principle of using ATR as TP and last swing high/low as SL on other systems but it did not work. I spent about 2 weeks tetsing various systems and settings: traffic lights system coupled with HA smoothed. It proved to give more accurate signals (~80%hit rate), however, when I started comparing it to the EOD system, it became evident that in most cases it is late by 1 bar, hence, the risk /reward ratio is less than 1:1, so for me it was not reasonable to use that system, but it is still profitable though.

Now I decided to use EOD system on 4H timeframe as my account was only 250 $US and would not cover SL on daily timeframe. I must admit that playing daily is more accurate. Next week I am opening live account with  Alpari, I am going to continue using EOD EA, however, SL is last swing high/low +/- 5, not 10 as in the original system. I hope it will go well. I will be posting here my results at the end of every week =)

Also when I have time ( I am a full time final year uni student doing BSc Finance at Manchester Business School) I will be taking some trades manually using another system.

Thanks Paulus, you are a very kind man, I hope things are getting better with your family life.

Best wishes,

Peter

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Hi

I Use a combination of Capital spread finspreads City index I spead my trades around and not too bothered about a few extra pips of spread esp when your talking of hundreds of pips as a tp

And thats right I havnt opened any new trades since Nov 5th any new trades /signals will be posted here

Cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #374 ---
all positions are now closed

of the 14 opened over several days 12 hit thier TP 2

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Hi,

I have had the same problem with the EA as Todd. Does anybody know how to solve this. It has worked well during the last couple days, but yesterday it started giving error messages:

Cannot open file 'Crogram FilesInterbank FX Trader 4 220 demoexpertsindicatorsHeiken Ashi_SW.ex4'

I would appreciate help with this.

Regards

Archie

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Archie,

I just looked at the code from post #349 (EOD.mq4). In that version the call to Heniken Ashi_SW is commented out. Maybe your version still has this call in there? That's the best I can do at this moment since I'm not at my trading PC. I would download post #349's version and try again.

Hope this helps.

-HJJ

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Although my account has double I will be reducing my risk per trade from 5% to 2.5%.

Im looking to build a fund over a period of time so feel this gives me far more protection

Cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Hello,

attached is my rendition of Paulus' EOD system in EA form...

Inserted Code //external variables
extern double  SLMultiplier      =1.618;
extern double  TPMultiplier      =0;
extern double  TrailMultiplier   =2.764;
extern double  BEMultiplier      =0;
extern int     TradePeriod       =1440;
extern int     TrailPeriod       =0;
extern int     ExpirePeriod      =0;

extern int     ATRTimePeriod     =1440;   // ATR Time Frame / Chart Period
extern int     ATRperiod         =5;      // ATR Bar period
extern int     ATRshift          =0;      // ATR data shift
extern double  ATRmultiplier     =1;   // For Trailing stop

extern string  Ordercomment      ="ap.eod";
extern int     MagicNumber       =1776;

extern bool       Use.Money.Mgt  =true;  // if false, uses Minimum.Lot
extern double     Minimum.Lot    =0.01;  // Smallest lot size to trade, Use.MM true or false
extern double     MaximumRisk    =0.05;  // %account balance to risk per position
I tried to follow Paulus' rules, there may be some variations... please comment.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Today's bar is looking like a doji that may be up or down by the end of the day.  Anybody going to take the trade?  Lynn

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Hi Lynn

No signal here for that swap I'm afraid ..just have to sit and wait frustrating but I think we will get several triggering all at once again soon

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #381 ---
On IBFX the pair showed at sell at 4PM here in Salt Lake City using EOD.  I guess on your platform it didn't show it.  Was it because today's bar was an up bar?  On IBFX it was oscillating between up and down but finally closed as a down bar. Thanks Lynn

--- 帖子 #382 ---
For another short on the GBPUSD, with the CCI below 0,

I think we would want to see the stoc. move up through and above 50 and then tick down.

The stoc. has moving around below 50 for about 11 days.  It needs to make some movement out of this oversold area to pick up some more energy for a playable down setup.

Do I have that right?

Jim

--- 帖子 #383 ---
I just noticed that somewhere along the line my GBPUSD TF was set to H1 instead of daily and that is why I thought a trade was setting up. Lynn

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Happened to me enough times!

--- 帖子 #385 ---
could be useful to watch though never looked at other time frames..

Time permitting I will post the sliding stop how it works etc...

Cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Hi,

Thanks for you your answer. I tried the indicator from post #349, but the problem still remained. The call for Heiken Ashi has to come from the EA, right? The thing is that the EA took 3 trades this week, all ended up in profit, with the problem of the call for Heiken Ashi being there. But I still changed to the other EA posted a couple of threads ago. And now the problem is gone. Still waiting for trades to arise, to see if this EA is as good as the other one.

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #387 ---
[quote=Paulus;2344799]These signals have made 5274 pips after losses

And my Stakes varied from £0.64p to £4

My account has now doubled:

Entertain me sir, how long did this take?

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Started with 5k these 14 trades starting on 30 Oct banked me 5274 pips with stakes ranging from 64p per pip to £4 per pip the results is my account has doubled

paulus

--- 帖子 #389 ---
[quote=Thomas Crown;2352118]
Thomas

If you dont like this methodology or system please do not add comments, or say anything against Pauls intergrity

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Congrats Paul

I have only been taking some of the signals - only 1 loser out of 5 (AUDUSD - which i think i came in too late)

Is there a spreadbetting company which allows you to bet 1p for 1 pip ?

Pervaz

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Hi Pervaz,

Finspreads allows 10p positions for the first eight weeks of your account....quite an easy to use platform too, though I haven't traded with them for over a year as the minimum rises to 50p after the eight weeks. My preference as a forex noobie is Oanda where you can experiment with different approaches for fractions of a penny if you so wish.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Hi attictrader

Thanks - I will have to have a look at OandA - the only thing i was thinking was the spreadbetting money is tax free (not a major worry at 1p a pip lol )

Thank you for your time

Pervaz

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Hi folks,

Although I'm using this system sporadically with some success, I'd just like to confirm something. Here's a chart presented earlier in the thread, we take the entry at the following places, right?

Arrow A: Close of Bar A

Arrow B: Close of Bar B

Arrow C: Close of Bar C

Arrow D: Close of Bar D (although would still be open from C)

Arrow E: Close of Bar AFTER Bar E

Arrow F: Close of Bar F

First inspection would show that we're entering at the bottom of many of the rallies in a down trend, although, with a broad enough S/L, they come good in the end.

I can't help thinking that, even though each of these presented trades was profitable, we could have INCREASED the profitability significantly and had a psychologically more enjoyable journey if we can find a way of entering at the top of a rally.

By misreading (or misunderstanding) Paulus' instructions from the very beginning, I have been waiting for the new day's bar to start forming and then seeing if THIS NEW (2 minute old) DAILY BAR created an immediate up/down tick on the stoch.

It's difficult to tell from a historical chart at what point the stoch ticked down during the day. I don't know yet if entering at the beginning of the candle instead of the end will yield any more positive results, but I'll try and look more consistently this week and post results.

Also a bit of basic candle reading gives great clues as to what's happening.

My daily bars close/open at 11pm (currently 10pm GMT) so it's no great problem waiting for the new daily candle to begin.

Love the simplicity, just trying to improve R/R and reduce drawdowns.

Happy hunting!

El Choco

--- 帖子 #394 ---
On the contrary sir. I have learned real quick that very little is communicated through the written words, like intent. What I meant by "entertain me sir" was more like, let me see the results of a master at work, and clearly this process is his observation so he is much more experienced than I. I asked this as to recieve "Validated Encouragement" to what is made possible by this process and I'm sure Paulus understood. If you read my post, there was absolutely nothing stated against the integrity of Paulus what so ever, I have no idea where that came from at all. But... no worries mates, lets continue to work this process and grow in wisdom and stature. This process works, no doubt. I'm glad Paulus gave his personal proof, its like watching a great artist at work.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Hi Dezil

Could you tell me why the indicator is not showing a signal for the bar on which I have put an arrow and a yellow dotted vertical line

--- 帖子 #396 ---
indicator only use stoch tick down after up move. in this picture stoch go down more then one bar so it's not tick down - it's down move.

Maybe i get Paulus's rules wrong and he will correct me

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Hi Paulus

Do you regard the bar with an arrow in the above chart a sell setup or not?

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Thanks for the observation but it has picked up the signal on the bar with an aqua dotted line, is it any different?

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Hi The yellow dotted line signal is not a signal because it is a move down not a tick down see the paint attachment

the cyan dotted line signal is a signal due to the fact that the Stoch on the previous bar had made the same level or a higher high ..in this signals case it was a definite tick down and the coding is correct

paulus

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Hi,

Has anyonetried the new EA (post #378) with success? The old EA has some problems with a call to Heiken Ashi SW? Should that indicator be used for the EA or not? If so, where can I find it?

Regards

Archie

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Hi,

thanks for this great system.

Some questions please:

- Paulus, which GMT time are you using for plotting your daily candles ?

- Has anyone tried this system intraday ? Since we are basically taking positions in the direction of the trend after a pullback, I see no reason it shoud not work in any time frame.

Cordially,

Brakkar

--- 帖子 #402 ---
When to take a trade

What ever works best for you in your time zone I take 9pm (GMT) here in the UK approx although my daily candle wont close for another 3 hrs ( midnight) Im sound asleep in nods vile by then so 9pm is fine for me its swing and rounds abouts on the fill it all evens out.

Paulus

--- 帖子 #403 ---
I am short eurusd @ 1.2646 & usdjpy @ 96.41

TP:  Based on 80% ATR(5): 180 pips

EURUSD TP: 1.2696 SL: 1.2866

USDJPY TP: 94.61 SL:  98.35

--- 帖子 #404 ---
I went short on usd/jpy @97.56 but based on another system. I don't see EOD signal for any of these pairs.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Hi Peter

Doesnt the ForexFreedomBars  repaint ?

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Hi Peter

Thanks for the explantion - do you have a couple of pics to show (for example one successful and one unsuccessful

Thanks

--- 帖子 #407 ---
I had a short signal on usd/jpy at close of daily candle yesterday although close was ony 4 pips lower than open on my chart, but a signal is a signal so took trade, currently -60 or so pips. Are there any rules with regard to  dojis

or small candle ranges ?

Regards

Geoff

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Hi Peter

Thanks for that

I just play the dailies on the 7 majors

I will add the forexfreedombars but still use the 40 CCI andlet you know my results

Where in the UK are you ?

Im in London

--- 帖子 #409 ---
I have potential short setups for EURUSD, EURJPY, EURCHF for tonight.

USDJPY has also short setup if the candle turns red by the close.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Are you folks using the EOD indicator?

TIA

Carol

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Hi some problems here re time wise thanks for the hard work but the systm is only really meant to be used on daily bars and taking signals when the day is at least 18 hours old

As for the Doji if its red then its a sell as long as the other 2 inds confirm and visa versa.I take them but if you prefer to wait a day as its classed as an indescion candle I see no harm as long as you define the rule to yourself and stick to it for all other doji.

And im not being funny at all but and I hate to say it the thread is for end of day traders if you want to play it on lower time frames you can but perhaps start a new thread i dont mind you taking the system but for research for new people reading the thread with a view of trading end of day and then to find a whole string of posts on 4hr chart will be very confusing and if it fails will prob discredit the thread and the system.

As I say I have no beef about this but please if we can keep things to end of day material Id really appreciate it

On 12 pairs recently I was maxed out with my account via money management.It will give you the turn over you want.End of day systems usually build a fund slowly saying that my account doubled with the 1st 14 trades

Thanks

paulus

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Thanks Paulus, I thought that was the case with dojis. Yes, am letting eod

indicator signal all my trades.

Geoff

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Thanks, Geoffrey.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Sorry, did not want to spoil the thread with my non-eod posts, have removed them in order not to confuse people.

Thanks for the great system and I wish you great future returns ))

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Im hesitating taking any trade now.

Someone shorting EURUSD ?

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Hello Paulus

Thank you for this EOD system. I have been reading through some of the posts, however, it is not clear which one of the indicators is the latest version to be used. I am not looking for the EA, just the indicators as it is not too difficult to check the possible trades manually. Would you please be kind enough and post the link to all indicators needed for this system? Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
For some reason   I cannot use any custom indicator on metatrader, so I use the default ATR which doesn't give me atr in pipes.

For example, for USD / JPY I have an atr for 5 days of 1.804.

Should I just remove this from entry price value when short for profit target ?

Thanks,

Brakkar

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Hi Farad,

Click on the paperclip icon at the top of the page and select the most recent EOD.mq4 file and you're good to go!

--- 帖子 #419 ---
You can use standard ATR.

ATR is shown in points, so you can multiply 1.804*100=180pips.

For other pairs for ex GBP/USD if ATR =0.0286 points = 0.0286*10000=286pips

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Hi,

I downloaded all the indicators from: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=349 and put them in metatrader indicator directory.

They correctly appear inside metatrader, but when I try to drag / drop them on the chart I get "Can't open file" message with no expanation. What could be the cause of this ?

Thanks,

Brak

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Did you restrat MT after file copy?

Try to select idicator in MT, press right mouse button and choose "compile" menu item

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hey Paulus

A couple of signals showing. Are you taking any of them?

UJ

EJ

EU

--- 帖子 #423 ---
I'm showing the same sell signals but all of the stochastics have ticked down from a mid chart level that concerns me. Plus they look like they they are all trying to build a base.  I don't have enough experience to know whether or not these will statistically work out most of the time. Lynn

--- 帖子 #424 ---
The tick down from mid-level doesn't concern me much.

From a price-action viewpoint, they are all BEOB and the overall trends are all down. EURUSD has the less amount of free space to head down though I agree.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
they ticked down from a level over 50,

so we should short

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Thanks, I did so and not slight improvement: it is not working at all. What a hostile program.

Brakkar

--- 帖子 #427 ---
I have several positions open I will post my position with TP and SL and the stake later tonight if possible .

Sorry but Im un able to come to my pc that often its all I can do at mo to check positions and charts once a day

sorry

Paulus

--- 帖子 #428 ---
I really appreciate to your work, Paul

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Thanks things are still tough .. but thats life we carry on or roll over and die.

To recap now my account has doubled I am staking 2.5% of available bank on each signal.Thus the larger my stop the smaller my stake

My ROI with 2 open position on account balance is 117%

My Wins = £6,427.35 -  14 signals

My Losses  = £576.18 - 2 signals

Open signals 2

Positions I opened

USDJPY  17th Nov 96930 TP 238 SL 145 Stake £1.78 per pip TP Hit

Closed

EURUSD  19th Nov 12580  TP 287  SL 243 Stake £1.06 per pip still open

EURJPY   19th Nov 12129  TP 482  SL 300 Stake £0.86 per pip still open

CADCHF   19th Nov 0.9690 TP 193 SL 191 Stake £1.35 per pip TP Hit Closed

I will be opening a position in GBPUSD tonight at 9pm ish

Paulus

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Hi Paulus, I see a signal comming up for gbp/jpy also. Will you be taking that trade? Thanks for all you do.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
No signal on my chart for gbp/jpy as stochs did not go above 50 and then tick down. However, may have done on your charting platform.

Geoff

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Yes, the stoch reached 60 at the end of the day yesterday and now down. (I'm with IBFX)

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Hi Brousse,

I am using Alpari uk, just goes to show how different trading platforms can

give conflicting  signals, some people following this system will be in, others

will be out. Hey Ho, swings and roundabouts I guess.

Geoff

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Hi

As you can see no signal as stoch was just a tad under 50.00 when it ticked down

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #435 ---
new position

GBPUSD 20th Nov 14799  TP 307  SL 458 Stake £0.59 per pip

A large stop has caused my MM to produce a stake of just £0.59p per pip which is good if my SL is hit my bank is protected

And was calculated thus

Bank is £10,851.16  risk 2.5% = £271.28p   stop in pips is 458  .. £271.28 / 458 = £0.59p per pip I will lose 2.5% of my bank and no more if this large stop is hit

Paulus

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Just to recap if I have a signal I take it I ignore news, levels of supp res, fibs, pivot points, fibonacci levels, elliott wave counts and what phase the moon is in

I dont care how big the stop is as long as I don't exceed my 2.5% I dont care how long the trade is open as long as my SL isn't hit.

I load the gun shoot the bullet and forget it

Paulus

--- 帖子 #437 ---
oh yes................. and I make sure I point it away from my head !

P

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Hi Paulus,

Great thread. I was over on Expats a while back. Gone back to full time employment again so looking for a nice Daily system, and this looks like it fits just well. Just setting up my charts and will tag along for the ride if you don't mind.

Could i trouble you with the full list of currencies you trade this on?

Cheers,

Steve

--- 帖子 #439 ---
My chart shows a sell. Lynn

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Here's something you might like, Paulus.  Place on any chart you're not using.  It needs to be another chart because it prints the same place as ATR pips.  So if your platform has a balance of 10,851.16, just enter your risk percent and SL and it will give you the lots to trade.  Regards.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Thanks will answer over week end

update

USDJPY 17th Nov 96930 TP 238 SL 145 Stake £1.78 per pip TP Hit

Closed

EURUSD 19th Nov 12580 TP 287 SL 243 Stake £1.06 per pip still open

EURJPY 19th Nov 12129 TP 482 SL 300 Stake £0.86 per pip TP hit closed

CADCHF 19th Nov 0.9690 TP 193 SL 191 Stake £1.35 per pip TP Hit Closed

GBPUSD 20th Nov 14799 TP 307 SL 458 Stake £0.59 per pip still open

P

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Hi,

I wonder how many of you who keep your positions open during weekends? Do you see positive/negative effects of closing them or keeping them open, with in mind that this is more of a long-term system?

Regards

Archie

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Hi Paulus

I noticed now that you are not closing out 50% and trailing as per your other  thread. You mentioned that this method of trailing will net you more money over time, so just wondered why you are closing out 100% at ATR and not trailing etc?

Law

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Hi Paulus,

What charts do use to set up your trades on? I can see where some of the trades are on my charts but others do not match at all.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Hi everyone,

I'm using IBFX and last night I got sell signals on GBP/USD, GBP/GPY, GBP/CHF, and a buy on EUR/GBP. Did anyone else get all these? I'm using the indicator included in this thread. I'm at work so I can't include a copy of the charts.

Thanks,

Tom

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hi Tom

I looked at my charts and did not see signals on any of the pairs that you mentioned. It does seem that there is quite a difference in signals depending on what charts you use.

I have done my back testing on Ikon Royal charts which are GMT+2 which ideally should give a midnight close of day at 5PM EST ie New York close, if my maths is right.

The system seems to work but there are diffinitely differences in how the signals show up depending on the time frame that you are using.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Thanks MR. ED

I just love how consistant retail forex broker feeds are....NOT!

--Tom

--- 帖子 #448 ---
The chart posted by Paulus is from Alpari UK.

Daily bars close at 23:00 GMT (23:00 UK) on his chart.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
I got the same signals like yours and I am also using IBFX. I took two trades Gbp/jpy and Gbp/usd let us see what will happen

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Thanks harar,

ok, so I'm not crazy.  The trades are down a little since the run up in the pound overnight (central time US).  We'll see what happens.  I'm taking Paulus's advice and taking all trades and then setting and forgetting.  It's just that there are a lot of GBP pairs, and a strong pound could really hurt the trade.  Oh well, the mental aspect is the key to the bank.

--Tom

--- 帖子 #451 ---
do nothing, just let it go

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Archie

I do every thing from a mechanical point of view if my TP or SL isn't hit it stays open clean and simple

Law

At the moment I'm trying to turn the account over and because of my time constraints it doesn't take me as long.On the sliding stop principle once my TP has been hit and 50% close with the stop brought to break even I would then have to maintain the position every day.I dot think I have that time esp with several trades open.This way atm I can just close the whole when my TP is hit.

Mr ED

I use MT from Alpari and use the indicator kindly written by Dezil

Ben Q

Nice piece of kite thanks will apply it over the week end .. if it saves me time Im all in favor of it :-)

Steve

here are the currencies I trade no magical reason why thier just the swaps I could trade with the spread betting firms

USDCHF

GBPUSD

EURUSD

AUDUSD

USDCAD

EURGBP

USDJPY

EURCHF

EURJPY

GBPJPY

GBPCHF

EURAUD

CADCHF

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #453 ---
USDJPY 17th Nov 96930 TP 238 SL 145 Stake £1.78 per pip TP Hit

Closed

EURUSD 19th Nov 12580 TP 287 SL 243 Stake £1.06 per pip still open

EURJPY 19th Nov 12129 TP 482 SL 300 Stake £0.86 per pip TP hit closed

CADCHF 19th Nov 0.9690 TP 193 SL 191 Stake £1.35 per pip TP Hit Closed

GBPUSD 20th Nov 14799 TP 307 SL 458 Stake £0.59 per pip still open

The account is now 122% ROI since Nov 5th

I have a signal at present on EURGBP its a long with an ATR target of 139 pips if its there at approx 9pm I will be taking it.

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Ive been updating my spread sheet

The average RR on the 19 signals comes out as 1.72

The minimum being 0.67 RR

The max being 4.2 RR

Because the money management protects me the 0.67 RR trade had a stake of just £0.61p the highest RR trade had a stake of £2.81

We have had 4 long signals and 15 short signals

The strike rate for the system over the 19 signals is 78.95% but this inc the 2 open position which are not recorded as a win.

Paulus

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Hi,

I have  been trying out the EA this week, and it seems to work great so far. I do not always have time to be in front of the computer, so this way I do not miss any trades, even though I know that trading manually is always better. Still great EA. Thanks fxid10t!

Cheers!

Archie

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Hi,

Thanks for your answers Paulus. Great system and always fast and educating answers in this thread.

Have a nice weekend all of you!

Archie

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Great system Paulus, I'm impressed.. I have been trading a very similar strategy for a while on 4h chart succesfully and I can't wait to test your on a daily timeframe..

--- 帖子 #458 ---
When i looked at 9.15pm the signal had gone as we had a red doji so no trade for me.

I think why this system tends to work quite well is 2 fold and these 2 elements apply to any trading system or methodologyThe stop is placed where it is protected from a technical point of view. In other words if we are down trending and we get a short signal our stop will be placed 10 pips higher than the last swing high.As a down trend is made up of lower lows and lower highs for our stop to be broken would require the swap to make a higher high,from a technical point of view quite a tough thing to do.It will happen of course if we are un lucky enough to be in a short when the trend reverses we will suffer a loss but thats just tradingThe target is based on what the swap has achieved every day for  the last week In other words if we have a swap moving 100 pips a day and we get a signal why set a target of 20 ? its been making 100 why should this day be any different.If its making 100 pips a day why set the stop to 150 we have no evidence of this happening and we need to be in and out quickly we don't want to swim with the sharks any longer than is necessary

So we set a target that is viable and as the swap will not move the same amount every day that means we take the high and low of each day for the last 5 days add them up and divide by 5 this gives us the 5 day average true range and this becomes our target.Its not fool proof but its logical and mathematical

Paulus

--- 帖子 #459 ---
This is a safety stop and can be used if you wish to protect your position I will illustrate with a hand drawn chart .

From a technical point of view a double bottom or top is a very powerful pattern.

If we are down trending and making new lows or a new monthly low for example then for us to make a lower low it means we have to break the previous low BUT we can reverse as we approach this low and the swap could make a double bottom ...make support ....and reverse

So when we are 10 pips above the last low we move our stop to break even we are now protected and its called a safety stop

I personalty don't use this stop due again to time restraints it does mean more house keeping on your part but if your a safe trader and you don't mind cutting short some winners but you reduce the losing trades even more you may wish to use it.You may wish to set to break even at 50 pips from previous low or high its up to you above is only an example

--- 帖子 #460 ---
This hasn't changed but had a few requests so here are the template and indicators.

These havnt changed from the start of the thread which is good news

ATR in pips mq4 ,CCI mq4 ,EOD mq4  and stochastic mq4 all go in your

MT.expert. indicator folder

And eod cci tpl goes in your template folder.

If you look in the top left of your chart you will see the ATR displayed that is currently on the last bar on your chart if you wish to check what the atr was 3 days ago on that bar simple click on the Data window icon ( looks like a cross hair) select your cross hair and place it over your bar as per the screen shot

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Just a quicky when you see the indicator displaying the signals you will see a little red or blue dot this is the stop on that signal...it is placed on the signal bar but relates to the last swing high or low set your stop 10 pips above this value in the case of a short and 10 pips below your value in the case of a low see the example

This indicator was created by Dezil thanks mate... thanks also to BenQ and Fxid10t and to any others who have supported and helped with this thread.

We all want to make money we all need to help im open to suggestions as per always and if I have missed any questions just let me know..

P

--- 帖子 #462 ---
I need to download another MT how can I do this and re name it MT EOD for example .............when ever i download a new MT and then change the name of the short cut it seems to effect my other MT programme

Any ideas tips etc

P

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Paulus

Download the MT4 Platform.

On the desktop click on set up icon.

Click English etc.

Click Agree to conditions etc.

It will give you a choice after you click agree to their conditions of where to place the folder. - BROWSE

This is the critical point and this is what you will see:

Crogram FilesMetaTrader - Alpari UK

You now need to add the words: (or similar)
Crogram FilesMetaTrader - Alpari UK - EOD SYSTEM

Click next and this will have to be done on the next window as well > Duplicate what you have just added etc. - EOD SYSTEM - Add this to the words that come up.

If you do this then it will not overwrite the previous file/folder that you have in your program files. What normally goes wrong is if you don't rename it as these vital points it creates a bug in the system and affects all your MT4 platforms. As long as you rename at that initial point you will be fine.

When you go to your program files you will clearly see the file with the additional name. You will have to place all the indicators fresh into this new platform via the usual indicator folders etc.

Hope that helps.

Law

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Great Law thanks

I want to separate a few things this will give me that option

Thanks again

Paulus

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Just to clarify: if trading 6 swaps, then if you get a trading signal for all these pairs, then you must manage # of lots per trade, so that total risk is no more than 2.5%...this could mean that you may not be able to trade all your signals...correct?

--- 帖子 #466 ---
No if i get 6 signals I risk 2.5% per signal

I may get 2 one day 1 the day after and 3 the day after that.

by this time my exposure will be 6 x 2.5% = 15% of my bank,these is no other way of doing this as you don't know how many signals your are going to be taking every week.

Paulus

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Hi

Graph of bank growth to date on all 19 signals

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Hi,Paulus!

Do you take second trade in the same direction while first one stillopen?

For ex you open sell and it's not closed when you get new sell lignal. Do you take second one sell?

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Hi Dez,

I just read the thread, check out posts #249-251. Paulus says if he has an open position in a particular pair, he does not add to it on a new signal.

VBro

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Hi Vbro yes your right i dont add to positions..ie if Im live with a signal and I get another signal on the same swap in the same direction I ignore ....if its in the other direction I would reverse ..this has never happened yet

Paulus

--- 帖子 #471 ---
The EA seems to be working just fine.  Other then the fact if you happen to close your platform for some reason, the EA will again open up duplicate trades.  Would be nice if someone could fix that little matter.

Since this is suppose to be pure mechanical, is there a reason why most traders of this method arn't using it?

thx,

Todd

--- 帖子 #472 ---
EURUSD taken on 19th Nov has hit its SL with a loss of 243 pips which is an actual loss on the account of £264.66p

And represents a loss of 2.5% of the account .

One trade remains open GBPUSD short from Nov 20th.

Other signals setting up but wont confirm till 9pm

cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Hi Paulus

If you get a second signal whilst you are in a trade do you move the SL from your first trade to the new SL or do you just leave the trade alone entirely until it either hits the TP or SL.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hello everyone!

Does anyone planning on taking short GBP/CHF? Anyone with me?

--- 帖子 #475 ---
I'll demo with you... looks like a setup

Short: GBPCHF at 1.8146

sl: 1.8399 tp: 1.7906

--- 帖子 #476 ---
I'm taking it, this will be my first live trade based on this method

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Good! we'll see if Paulus considers this one as a valid signal..still 1 or 2 hours to go..

Cheers,

TT

--- 帖子 #478 ---
we're in the same boat then  will be using micro lots and only 1% of my account..Good luck to both of us!

--- 帖子 #479 ---
How about NZDCAD? Or is it 51 Stoch too close to 50...

Or NZDCHF?

--- 帖子 #480 ---
NZDCHF on my charts stock just crossed 50 to the upside and there is no tick down yet..as for NZDCAD, yeah, as for me, too close to 50..

--- 帖子 #481 ---
I have set a limit to short Gbp/Chf at 8200. My SL will be at 8420 and my target 7850.

Risk = 220 pips, reward = 350

Still short cable from friday evening, which looks to be bouncing off a higher low at the moment so could be in trouble but thats the way it goes. Stop or target!

I have also put in a buy limit for Eur/Gbp at 8480, SL @ 8323, tgt @ 8650

Risk = 157 pips, reward = 170 pips

Lets see what happens!

Steve

--- 帖子 #482 ---
I'm on IBFX, no new signal here but I still have the pending short from last week so will just adjust the entry (I enter 10 pips from the break of the candle):

enter @ 1.8070

sl @ 1.8410

tp@ 1.7886

--- 帖子 #483 ---
GBPUSD 20th Nov 14799 TP 307 SL 458 Stake £0.59 per pip still open

Long EURGBP 24 Nov 0.8515 TP 128 SL 191 Stake 2.5% of account at £0.67p per pip

Short GBPCHF 24 Nov 1.8116 TP 274 pips SL 287 Stake 2.5% of account at £0.95p per pip

Good luck to all those taking signals .. Money management is the way forward there will be losers..

Paulus

--- 帖子 #484 ---
The only trade I show for the 24th is a sell of the AUDCAD.  Instead of tick downs on the the others they are just a continuation down on the RSI. Lynn

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Both of these are now in profit  hehe...

Next time

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Yes, this happens a lot, but we're following the rules at least  GBPCHF should work out also if it is not a bottom of downtrend.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hehe.. yes.. And we gots to remember.. There's also FX tomorrow!

And now GBPCHF just went to profit.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
I am using the EOD indicator and yesterday I had a signal on Gbp/Chf for a short. I entered (demo account). I just got stopped out, and the signal that was there yesterday is now gone. hmmmmm

I have also noticed that sometimes, not always, if you remove the indicator and put it back on the chart, either a new signal will appear or if there was a signal, it's gone.

Has anyone else noticed this? What would cause this to happen?

TIA

Carol

--- 帖子 #489 ---
I didn't get a signal yesterday on IBFX. My signal on GBP/CHF showed up on Nov 20 but I waited for price to test the resistance first. I got in at .8256 on Monday after the hammer was formed on Friday candle. After all that now the price is moving up again but my stop in on the other side of the hammer.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
I have one showing on my charts for Nov 20, too. And it's still there. I'm also using IBFX.

I have also seen a dot but no arrow several times in addition to the other items I mentioned in my previous post.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Stopped out on my short Gbp/Usd trade today.

Still short Gbp/Chf and long Eur/Gbp from yesterday.

2 positions added today:

Short Usd/Jpy, entry @ 95.32, SL @ 97.53, tgt 224 pips so 93.08

risk 221 pips, reward 224 pips

Long Eur/Aud, entry @ 2.0109, SL @ 9700, tgt 603 pips so 2.0712

risk 409 pips, reward 603  pips

Same time tomorrow!

Steve

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Hi Paulus ..so this is where you are hiding lately ....hehe

Been following the trades on my MT platform although not trading it. Would be interested to learn what sort of drawdowns people are experiencing..is anyone recording these details?

Seems you may have to either have a massive account or trade really small. As I say just following atm so cannot make any real comment on this just first impressions. Looks good though another good job.

You should pop in the room sometime you miserable git and say hello.

Hope you and family ok and you managed to get rid of that nasty rash before it festered to much

Splurge

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Lots of signals today:

Gbp/Jpy, Cad/Jpy, Usd/Chf, CHf/Jpy, Gbp/Usd, Usd/Cad, Eur/Usd, Aud/Usd

Bit overwhelming as a lot of these look like they are forming double tops or bottoms. I know what Paulus would say, make it mechanical and take the entries. I have taken the Gbp/Jpy, Gbp/Usd, Aud/Usd and Eur/Usd.

A lot of these are very correlated at the moment and i don't want to put all these trades on. The ones i have put on offer nice risk/reward. I am still in my Usd/Jpy and Eur/Gbp trades from the other day. I was stopped out on my Gbp/Chf and Eur/Aud trades.

So far i have closed 3 trades at a loss, i have 5 still open.

Has anyone else taken these?

Steve

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Did GU, EJ, UChef, CJ and GJ tonight.   UJ still in from yesterday.

3 losses so far on - GU, GC and yesterday on EurAud.

No signal on AU in terms of the EOD indicator though.  Using IBFX.  All demo trades naturally.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
my positions @ yestrday based on EOD

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Thanks for posting guys at least my signals are the same. I must admit I am not following the same quantity of swaps you are but the ones I have are identical.

I am trying to discover an alternative entry to compliment what Paulus has done to try to avoid big bar entries. This may only be useful to those who trade full time - we shall see.

Please keep posting your trades - much appreciated

Sp

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Hi all,

I find that's a great system. Thanks Paulus. What would it be like if one open a trade above/below of the high/low from the signal candle? One didn't have a couple of false entries. Ok, the other side is a higher risk but this is a part of mm. Did anybody test this idea yet?

Thanks, swakop

(sorry, but my german is perfect)

--- 帖子 #498 ---
NZD/JPY + $235.00

AUD/JPY + $65.00

Last night at 6 pm PST (the 21 hr equivalent for my broker who is using NY time), I closed after 3 hours. I closed it cause I was leaving for the holidays, I just didn't want to think about it and sometimes it just feels good to take the money and run!  Not too shabby for 3 hours of doing something else other than trading. To echo what Paulus was stating, the EOD signal has been more consistently reliable than any other shorter time frame, at least for me. Less is more with this process. I'm wondering if our different time zones show different signals. I would assume so based on the different times the brokers are basing their candle formations on. I will search this out more thoroughly and post what I find out. Might be useful to someone, or not. If nothing else, it would put some at ease as to why some are getting signals on certain pairs and other are not.

Happy Holidays and Good Eating! For my over seas mates, have a holiday for me and eat a good meal!

Thomas

--- 帖子 #499 ---
just update result of my position taken under EOD rule.

one stoped out with loss and other come back for profit area after big drawdown.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Hi guys.

Thank you Paulus for sharing the system with us.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Paulus has asked that we don't discuss smaller TF trading on this thread. I respect that. I was prepared to post my testing results for 4H, but I decided against it.

There are only about 20-25 trades for each pair on the daily TF so far, so anyone can do that test for themselves fairly quickly.

Let me say that the results vary for each pair. The lowest pair had a total pip gain of about +400pips to a high of about +2600pips total for one of the others, for the year.

When you have multiple trades going the results can be excellent, as Paulus has shown.

But as they say, your results may vary.

All of the EOD daily TF pairs are profitable for the year except the AUDUSD, and it would have been ok except for those wild and crazy days we had during October. One day (Oct. 14) had a trade with a 700pip loss.

It would be well worth the time for you to backtest each pair that you trade on your own platform to see the results for yourself.

I would like to see if anyone has considered a trailing stop on a part of a position too. I know Paulus mentioned it earlier. It would be nice to catch some of these pips in between the trades we are taking.

I know this isn't telling you much, but it is reason to be optimistic.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
I would also agree with Pistol Dave that the system works well. I also agree that everyone should do their own backtesting and understand the system before using it.

One variation that I have used is to use a 20 pip retracement for the entry of all of my twelve currency pairs. This will enable you to slightly reduce your SL and also increase you TP. In terms of pips this will increase the return by about 7% over the year in my testing. However the effect is dramatically more if the financial return is looked at due to the effect of compounding.

You do run the risk of missing some of the moves but as this is meant to be a low stress automatic system you can benefit from just being able to place an order without the trade immediately going live in front of your eyes and dropping pips immediately.

I have been using the Alpari UK data for my tests. I am not trading this live yet as I prefer to do further due diligence but if things go according to plan then I would think about it next month.

I hope this is of help,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Today one Pairs hit Profit. eurjpy 300+ pips

--- 帖子 #504 ---
My two open trades hit TP today:

GBP/USD sold Nov 27:1.5400 - TP: 1.5100

GBP/JPY Sold Nov 27:146.90 - TP:140.00

My limit for USD/JPY didn't get hit otherwise that would've been another winning trade.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...3&d=1227879136

Today All positions opend hit profit " lot of pips  " except 2 positions still in green area but not hit profit yet .

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Since Nov 26 there have been several trades that have hit TP:

eur/usd
usd/jpy
gbp/usd
gbp/jpy
eur/jpy
nzd/usd

and these two still look promising:

aud/usd

usd/cad

In fact, the cad made it to within a few pips of hitting my TP before it backed off some. Since we are trading with the trend on both of these I still feel safe hanging on to them.

I've got an idea I want to run by you guys about a little lower risk entry too. Something like entering on a retracement like Mister Ed and some others have suggested. I'll throw it out soon to see what you think.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
I always set my entries as limit orders around 23% into the body of the candle, 90% hits.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hi,

This is my first post on this trhead, so let me start by thanking and congratulating everybody, specially Paulus, for a wonderful tidy thread and a simple but promising system!

As I see the charts at the momment (I'm 5 hours away from the end of the day) there are a few trades setting up:AUDJPY short AUDUSD short EURAUD long EURGBP long (or is the present candle overextended)? EURNZD long EURCHF short (or is the present candle overextended)? Can someone comment on these, please.

Thanks and great trades to all.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
On my chart EURCHF is in uptrend, CCI above 0 level

--- 帖子 #510 ---
My mistake it should be GBPCHF instead of eurchf.

Sorry!

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Hi Howard

Is the 23% retracement based on the close of the signal candle instead of the high/low? (You said into the body of the candle).

Thanks

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Well, 4 out of my 5 trades that was left on hit TP today:

usd/jpy: 224 pips

gbp/jpy: 525 pips

eur/usd: 253 pips

gbp/usd: 364 pips

Still short aud/usd and looking good.

A few setups there tonight but quite a few are very large daily bars and offer bad risk/reward so i am out of those.

I am going to wait for some nicer setups i think that offer better R/R, but thats just me.

Eur/Aud looks the best to take for R/R at the moment but i just don't like the price action at the moment. I am trying to be more mechanical but i am still finding it hard.

Steve

--- 帖子 #513 ---
maybe I am mistaken but the trade entry was when stoch is in over bought for sell or over sold for buy, and it starts to hook back. not after it has crossed back over the 50 line.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Learning how to read a forex chart is considered to be somewhat of a science. They can look complicated at first glance. Forex charts can look drastically different depending on what options you want to use. Charts usually have settings for the display style of the price and the time frame that you want to view.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
I entered the gbp/chf and eur/gbp.

With daily bars as big as these are I wouldn't be surprised if there is a big pullback and several days before they get into profit. They are in the direction of the bigger trend, though. So that may save us.

I agree with stevehutts, the r/r is not very attractive, so I'm only going in with a 3% risk on these two.

--- Also, a big selloff in the dow today.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hi

That is correct, open and close

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Hi sorry for no updates

Family life difficult atm sorry if I have let you guys down..but stick with the system it will make you money,just please please please use money management 2.5% - 5% per signal.

The system works on 5 things all important as one another Identify a trend or where the momentum is moving . Identify a  retracement on the price to give us a good entry A stop that is placed from a technical point of view rather than  just a numerical value or a % A target that the swap has shown evidence of hitting quite easily not a fixed number or a % - each trade and each TP will be different A low risk MM plan this is a plan that is designed to build up big funds with nice capital growth

Paulus

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Nice... could you post screenshots of the trades please?

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Its 4:00pm Central Time where I am at the moment..

Anyone see any setups to trade, it looks as though EUR/CHF is a long, but looking at other time frames makes me hesitant.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Well, all i can see today is the Eur/Chf which does not give me enough R/R to take the entry here. I have set a buy limit on the the 50% fib retracement of todays move up. We have a nice third touch support on the 4hr but anything could happen.

Buy limit @ 5260, SL @ 5140, Tgt @ 5490

Risk 120 pips, Reward 230 pips

See what happens tomorrow night.

DramaKing,

Sorry, haven't really got the time to post screenshots of trades as i don't have long each night. I am using the same setup as Paulus, FXDD broker. I trade live using FXDD for charting and Oanda for platform. I am only risking 0.1% of my account for each trade at the moment as i only started last week. Prefer to trade small as opposed to demo.

I am not taking ever mechanical entry although i think this approach would be better but i will monitor it over time. Some setups look more appealing than others. A lot of these pairs are now at support/resistance after prolonged runs so need to be a little more careful. There are plenty of setups over many pairs so no need to try and trade everything that moves.

See you guys tomorrow.

Steve

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Here is my EURCAD with one hour left in the day from IBFX.  It is showing a buy entry but the Stochastic has a continuation up rather than an up tic.  Anybody else see this or have any ideas. Thanks Lynn

PS:  I've taken the EURCHF trade tonight.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
That's a good question. If I understand correctly, Paulus says it is ok to wait for one more bar to enter if you have the wrong color signal bar. I don't remember anything about whether it has to be a tick up or a move up.

I would guess (someone please correct me) that it would be ok to enter a move up at that point since the price would be expected to be moving up at that point anyway.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
using the indicator it spots the bar as its forming which I usually like to take when stochs is all the way overbought or oversold, if I wait for the bar to close I deal with a retrace and als stochs is practically passing the 50 line.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
you can take on the following bar as long as the CCI is still showing the correct direction for the trade,and the candle colour is correct ie red for short etc

paulus

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Hi Paulus

Great thread, as usual.  I know you may be short of time but I was wondering to see if you could expand on points 1 & 2 above

1.  For the trend/momentum would you also go up a level to weekly or montly to determine the trend ?

2.  Do you look for a retracement at 9pm, e.g. for a pullback or if the signal is showing buy(or sell) at 9pm you just place an order ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Here's another example of a pullback in the uptrend where the stoch has its first uptick on a red bar then an entry on a continuation of the stoch:

The stoch made a low on Dec. 16.

The stoch ticked up on Dec. 17 but that day closed lower with a red bar, so no entry that day.

Since the rule is to wait for one more bar as long as it is the correct color, we can enter at the close on Dec 18 as it closed higher with a green bar.

When you enter, the stoch has moved up from the uptick on the previous day, so it is a continuation.

The question is; Is it correct to enter this way, or does it violate the rule of entry on an uptick?

As I said about 4 posts ago, I think it should be a proper entry because the price and the stoch are both still moving up from the low at that point.

Is that correct Paulus?

--- 帖子 #527 ---
that is correct as it is a continuation as you are waiting for 1 day to get the right colour candle ..we ignore the stoch for the 2nd day entry but need correct candle colour and CCI still giving us the correct direction

Paulus

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Hi Paulus, quick question. When a position has been open for a few days, the atr 5 will change and sometimes will go much lower than it was previously when the trade was taken. Do you change your target if the atr 5 changes after a few days?

Thanks for your help Paulus. Great system, I'm up 18% this week so far

--- 帖子 #529 ---
No, just stay with the atr where you are in

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Missed my 50% retracement entry on Eur/Chf by 10 pips. Oh well, never mind.

No signals today, not much movement at all today. There is a lot of data out over the next 2 days so looks like the big players are staying out waiting for that. I have cancelled my Eur/Chf buy limit.

Still short Aud/Usd, thats it at the moment. See what happens tomorrow i suppose.

Cheers,

Steve

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Steve

Could you show a chart with a retracement (I assume you work out the 50% from the high & low of the current candle)

is that correct - ideally with a chart please

Monk

--- 帖子 #532 ---
EUR/CAD & EUR/GBP both hit my TP targets today.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Did anyone make backtests EOD system for previous years?

2008 is good trend year, i tested GBPUSD and EURUSD from 2005 till now and results are not good.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Hi Dezil

I know GTRADE did the same backtest and did not get good results at all. This is why all the MM questions came about because of previous bad results.

What results did you get? Can you post them?

Law

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Hi Dezil,

I did a lot of analysis on this system; looking at different stop criteria and different MM scenarios. Back testing revealed that some months would have pretty much wiped your account. But, as I have said to Paulus, indicators are notoriously bad to back test and you will not get accurate signals on back testing even with this simple system.

I also compared Paulus' forward tested data with the equivalent back tested data and there was significant discrepancy.

I and Lawrence and several of the other posters here have been forward testing this system as well; and the results by any standard are excellent.

If you've tested many systems and been around FOREX for a while you will know that pretty much every system crashes and burns relatively quickly if it's not very good (that's most systems!). This system doesn't appear to be like those others and Paulus, in general, has the feel of a good trader.

In summary: back testing because of the inaccuracy is a waste of time and shouldn't be trusted and I feel Paulus' EOD system with correct MM is a strong contender for being a very profitable system and probably one of the best I've seen in a long time. But be careful; nothing is the Holy Grail.

Gray.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Hi Dezil,

Thanks for bringing that up. I think choppy, rangebound markets would cause losses for this system.

I didn't backtest anything but 2008, and the results were good. But this has been a very unusual year.

I'm going to backtest '06 and '07 today if I can spare the time, but I would like to see what you have too.

Thanks,

PD

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Hi Monk,

Here is the fib showing the 50% retracement. My fibs have different names from past strategies but they are the same levels. It is clearer to show the fib on the 1 hr but i am operating from the daily.

We have a Eur/Aud long signal today but i have set a buy limit at 9720, sl at 9460 and target 1.0230, nice 2:1 R/R.

Still short Aud/Usd but tomorrows NFP should clear that out one way or another.

Steve

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Hi Steve

On 50% retrace, do you know the percentage of hit rate?

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hi,

Newbie post here, so a quick intro: (I also post with the same name on Trade2Win.com). Started trading just under a year ago, basically as a trend-follower, using daily or preferably weekly data. At the time there were some nicely trending markets, and managed to make some money quite easily, but got greedy, overtraded, and decided to get out for a bit to re-think my approach. My break from trading was a bit longer than intended and the markets seemed to have changed (small matter of the credit crunch...), and I could no longer spot the nicely-trending markets so easily.

Been doing loads of study since, trying different approaches, and got sucked into day-trading, and even scalping, as it seemed the only way under these conditions, although it really wasn't my way. I've learned a lot, but I'm really wanting to get back to a slower, more relaxed, less-stressful style, and then I discovered this little gem of a thread. Thanks very much to Paulus and the others for providing such a lot of info, and indicators, etc.

I still need to go back and re-read the details and rules of this approach, but it is certainly one that I plan to try out for myself in the near future (not exclusively, probably, but I'll give it my best shot).

Good luck to all traders currently trading this system.

p.s. I am also in the UK (Oxfordshire) and use Spread Betting companies, and currently using free Metatrader 4 from a couple of broker demo accounts for charts. My main trading interests are FX and Oil (and keeping an eye on other commodities, especially Gold).

Regards,

M.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Hey!!

I´m just starting to test this method as i don´t have the time to trade intraday for many hours a day and stressful 5min trading seems to swallow my acct.

If you guys have two signals on strong correlated pairs, do you take both, or the one that "looks" better ? It seems EUR/USD and USD/CHF might give signals at the end of the day. It would be my first trade testing this method.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #541 ---
All the following recent trades were winners and all hit the profit targets as expected.

I didn't include the number of pips or the profit because that would vary depending on your entry price and what each pip is worth.

buy or sell / pair / entry date - exit date

sell usdjpy 11/26 - 12/01
sell eurjpy 11/27 - 12-01
buy usdcad 11/27 - 12/02
sell audusd 11/27 - 12/05
sell gpbusd 11/27 - 12/01
sell eurusd 11/28 - 12/01
sell gbpjpy 11/28 - 12/01
sell nzdusd 12/01 - 12-01
buy eurgbp 12/01 - 12/04
sell gbpchf 12/02 - 12/04
buy eurcad 12/03 - 12/04
buy eurchf 12/03 - 12/04

You can verify these trades on your charts if you choose. I'm using the MIG MT4 platform.

I hope to have more good runs like this -- as often as possible.

Dave

--- 帖子 #542 ---
I began to demo this EOD method Nov 17th with a $2,000 demo account.  As of today Friday 12-0-08, my account is sitting at just over $3,000.  30% in 3 weeks.  Not bad considering I'm using the EA and never have to look at a chart.  lol.

I did close all the open positions today since I didn't want to get gapped out again like I did last weekend.

Todd

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Hi Take every signal don't try to select the best

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #544 ---
was that using http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=378

?

if so did you need to attach the ea to every chart, or did it trade all pairs?

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Yes that's the one.  And yes, I had to attach it to each chart.  I chose about 10 different pairs to trade.

todd

--- 帖子 #546 ---
It's not for me to speak for him (of course), but I seem to remember reading Paulus saying that unless the signals/EA say otherwise, then he leaves positions in at the weekend.

However, what I had been wondering was whether people took new positions on a Friday evening (UK time).

I looked back to the original thread (referenced somewhere near the top of this one), and P. had made a reference to this.

I'm assuming (unless I hear otherwise) that it is probably as well not to take a new position late on Friday evening.

BTW, we are often told (elsewhere) that Forex is a 24 hour market. As it happens, the SB accounts I'm currently actively using only allow trades to be  placed up to about 21:00 GMT anyway, although ISTR IG-Index are almost 24 hour, at least Mon-Thurs, closing around 21:15 Friday(?), opening sometime Sunday evening (GMT), can't remember exactly when now.

However, Mon-Thurs, I think the times around 23:30-00:30 seem to make for fairly erratic trading, although, this is from (probably faulty) memory.

What is other people's experience of "24 hour" FX trading (based on UK times)?

Regards,

M.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
I asked the same question and Paulus indicated he does take the trade on a Friday evening.

see post
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=102

--- 帖子 #548 ---
on a MT4 Mobile Platform. I wonder if anyone does this? You do not need many indicators. You could be traveling 24/7 [or at work], and still get your trades in, in the Evening. I like it and plan on testing it Next week. I may use one of the EA's on a Demo for now.

Post #333  says to use  EOM Indicator  with EA so this must be all thats needed then using any of the EA's.

I also was wondering which Broker is best for EOD CLOSES, or does it matter? I asked because of closing times of dif. Brokers; I use ODL so I think Candle closing earlier US Eastern will work just fine.

Very Nice Simple Method here to take a better look at! Hey Jeff where are you? lol ......IMO

--- 帖子 #549 ---
I will be updating my spread sheet over the week end and will post how the 5k account is looking this will be done tomorrow.As you know I started on 5% on each signal and in 3 weeks the account doubled I then cut my risk per trade to 2.5% of bank for each trade.

When it doubles again ( notice not if lols ) I will cut down to 1% or 1.5%

Im also looking at an extra filter for entry .. but have no back history on it,the entry will mean you get in at a better price I will post in a couple hours

may lead to nothing but some might like to use it

Paulus

--- 帖子 #550 ---
COOL as Capitol Gains is a very big deal in the USA. I guess this would also be Valid in the US. And for US Residents who would you recommend if any ..... as I have always been told to stay away from spread betting CO.,  as in the end they will cause loses in the shady arena??? IMO

Answer:

OK Paulus I just read where u say u use these: I presume in the US will work too:

I Use a combination of Capital spread,  finspreads City index

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Not every one will like using this entry technic as it does some times let winners pass by.But it does give us a better risk reward gets us out hopefuly quicker and works just on price action no additional indicators to use

Rules

We take a normal signal

Long signal is on a up bar and we have set our TP as normal using the 5 day ATR and our stop as the last swing low.

We now wait for a down bar when this occurs and its lower than the close of the normal entry bar the TP hasnt been hit and the CCI is still above 0.00 we enter our long.

To Calrify We get a normal long signal and mark our stop loss and target as normal We wait for a down bar the close of which has to be lower than the fill we would of got on the normal entry above The TP must still be active The CCI must still be above 0.00 saying ' take longs' We enter on the down bar as close to 9pm as possible and reset our target (TP) from our filled price Sounds long winded but its easy here are some examples

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Hi

Here is small observation based on my backtesting of this system from 2005-2008

TOP 10 performers (first pair best pair, all pairs on this

list have positive cummulative result for period observed)EURCHF    * each year positive EURUSD    * each year positive USDJPY CADJPY CADCHF USDCAD EURJPY NZDCHF NZDUSD AUDJPY TOP 10 negative resulting pairs (first pair worst pair, all pairs on this

list have negative cummulative result for period observed)AUDNZD EURNZD GBPAUD GBPCAD EURCAD EURGBP EURAUD GBPUSD USDCHF GBPCHF

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Hi Manistra,

Well done for all your hard work.

Unfortunately, any system involving an indicator does not back test accurately; as i have painfully found out after 3 years of back testing them!

I forward tested and back tested the same period with this system and this system performs better than back testing reveals.

Keep up the good work.

Gray.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Can you give any example of not accurate backtest result in comparence with forvardtest?

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Hi Paulus,

Another interesting idea to put in the pot.

A standard way to enter the EOD trades would be to wait for a 50% retracement (as already mentioned here by some posters), however, I've found with other systems that you can miss more trades that way, as you just miss getting taken into the trade--swings and roundabouts, as usual with FOREX! Your idea kind of does a similar thing. Either way the system produces significant profit.

Well done, mate!

Gray.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Hi Paulus

Just read thru the whole thread and I like what I see,  another great system, your traffic lights formed the basis of my current system, and am looking to adopt this one as well. May God bless you and your family.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
some methods to contend with entry accuracy and minimizing drawdown is to use lower entry size, then use additional entries at predetermined retracement points, typically those would tp at the original entry point, but all trades would stop out at the first original stop and for no more than 2% or whatever your expected risk% is

--- 帖子 #558 ---
I'm aware that it is in no way part of the original strategy, but does anyone happen to be using pivot-points in conjunction with this system? (At some point, Fibonacci retracements were mentioned, so I guess some people are using additional tools if they feel they help).

With thanks,

Regards,

M.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Certainly, one of the fundamental differences between professional and amateur traders is that they scale into a position; letting the market decide if it's going to be a winner as opposed to entering with all contracts and then scaling out (the preferred amateur way) hoping it's going to be a winner.

Sometimes less is better.

Gray.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Paulus,

Not sure how that is giving better risk/reward as you are getting a better entry but you are also adjusting your take profit by the same amount, or am i missing something?

I am doing this quite often when the R/R is no good but i tend to leave the same TP as it would have been from the original entry. The way i look at it, you are then taking the same signals but with a much better entry so you can afford to lose a lot more trades and still stay on top. My Eur/Aud on Friday was a bugger though! Got a lovely entry on a limit, it was up 400 pips, missed my target by 100 pips and now is -45 but thats the way it goes.

I can see that this refinement will get you out quicker though.

I have just set a buy limit around the 50 fib on Usd/Chf at 2080. Stop is 165 pips, i have left the target at 2385, which is what it should be if i entered now. R/R is 1.8:1

Still long Eur/Aud and short Aud/Usd, that ones painfully slow!!

Steve

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Yes, you missed something. Target is the same - 5 Day ATR while entry point became closer to SL, so we have less loss pips with same profit pips.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Yes Dezil that is correct we have the same pips TP but as we are entering closer to the fixed SL then the risk reward will be better for example

Short 2000

Stop 2200

Target 1800

So our pips to target is 200 our stop is 200 so RR is 1:1

Now using refined entry next day we get an up bar and closes higher than the actual signal entry and CCI is still saying short so we enter short

Now we have this

Short 2100

Stop 2200

TP is still 200 pips so it will now be 1900

Now we have target 200 pips stop loss 100 pips ..RR 2:1

Paulus

--- 帖子 #563 ---
When I have been doing back testing I have used the original TP that is calculated from the signal bar.

Short 2000

Stop 2200

Target 1800

So our pips to target is 200 our stop is 200 so RR is 1:1

Short 2100

Stop 2200

Target still 1800

Now we have target 300pips stop loss 100 pips ..RR 3:1

This marked increase in RR will then more than offset the fact that some entries may not have been taken because of too small a retrace

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Thanks Mr Ed

All goes into the pot

Thanks for your help

Paulus

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Doh!!!

Thanks for clearing that up guys. I should have gone through that a little more eh. Nice one

Steve

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Ok I have managed to update my spread sheet and represents taking every signal at or as close to 9pm as possible

Here are some facts and figures

Number of trades = 35

Number of wins = 25

% winners = 71.4%

Number of trades open = 2

Average risk reward  = 1.46 :1

Bank

Starting bank = 5k sterling

Initial risk per trade 5% of bank until bank doubled then changed to 2.5% of bank per trade

Gain as of now = £10,679

% ROI = 213%

bank stands at = £15,679

Number of days since 1st trade = 40

Gain per day inc week ends = £267

Number of trades per day = 0.88

Trades currently open

USDCHF 2nd Dec TP 12403  SL 295 pips rr 0.62:1

EURCHF  2nd Dec TP 15709  SL 280 pips  rr 0.74:1

Chart of bank growth

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Hi Paulus

Have all the trades been taken on the day of signal or any of them taken on advance entry on a retrace after the signal day?

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Hi

All on day at or as close to 9pm using basic entry

No retracement on price etc

paulus

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Trades currently open

USDCHF 2nd Dec TP 12403  SL 295 pips rr 0.62:1

EURCHF  2nd Dec TP 15709  SL 280 pips  rr 0.74:1

Hi Paulus

This USDCHF trade is not clear to me, it seems that it is not standard signal

or I am doing something wrong. Please could you post image of your entry for USDCHF on 2nd dec ? Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Hi Paul

I didnt get any signals using the EOD indicator or manually reviewing on USDCHF on 2nd Dec

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Sorry I put in the wrong date its the 5th

but the figures are correct

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Hi !

Today we might get some new signals! Notice the signal on GBP/CHF has almost the same stoch/cci constellation on weekly TF, which could be a nice confirmation

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Hi Guys

An interesting situation on euro/aud. Yesterday I went short on eod signal on this pair and am -121 pips at moment, however if things stay as they are

I now have a long eod  signal on this pair, do I close short and go long taking the loss what ever it will be in a few hours time or do I stick with short

till it hits stop loss, any ideas? I dont think Paulus has mentioned this scenario as yet.

Kind Regards

Geoff

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Geoffrey,

Am new to this, but this is what I see on my chart.

The valid signal did happen, however when the stoch ticked down for the first time, the cci was over 0, so no short was possible.

The next bar the cci did barely get under 0, but the stoch had already ticked down once, meaning it was a continuation.

Is why I considered it not a valid signal anyway.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Hi DanFX,

Be carful, because it depends which broker you have. If your broker is alpari, and I think paulus takes his signals from alpari, then there would be no signal until now. I trade this strategie on IBFX and there I have a signal.

That's because some MT4 broker have sunday bars and some don't have it. If you want to trade the same signals like Paulus I would recommend to install a alpari demo, so you trade the same signals like Paulus.

But I think because of the price action gbp/chf could be a good short.

Because of the sunday candle you have also a ATR (5) at IBFX of 315 Pips and at alpari ATR (5) is 350 Pips!!!!!

Hi Geoff,

I think you should do the same, altough I saw no short signal at IBFX and also no short signal at alpari on eur/aud.

Erkro

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Hi Geoff

I have no short are you running the indicator kindly written by Dezil if not here it is

If you look at my chart on the red vertical line we have a down tick on Stoch above the 50 line BUT the CCI is above 0.00 so no short signal

the next day ..the yellow vertical line the CCI was down below 0.00 BUt the stoch had tisked down the day before so is just carrying out another down move and so is not a signal

The valid entry is today as per the white vertical line and I will be taking it as close as possible to 9pm today if the signal is still there

In an ideal word I would tell you to close out the short and take the long as that is a system signal but that will results in you taking a loss.Not an easy decision could you post a chart of your chart indicating the short signal

Cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #577 ---
I have:

Short AUDUSD

Short CADCHF

and

Long EURAUD

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Hi Howard

Just lost AUDUSD but it may come back by 9pm

Agree on the other 2

cheers

P

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hi Paulus and guys,

Just to let you know what happened, I am trading on Alpari uk with a small live account and am using 0.02 lots per trade at moment which is roughly about 10pence a pip. Ok, so on dec8 cci ticked downfrom abovezero line to read -9.1877 at close of candle,stochs had ticked down from above 50 line to read 31.3850. EOD indicator(from this thread) showing red dot and red arrow, so a valid short signal and I am in. Now I have a long signal, this is concerning me because my charts seem to be different to yours. If someone will tell me in really simple terms how to post a chart I will gladly do so.

Geoff

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Geoffrey,

The issue is probably your stoch rule.  It doesnt just have to tick down from above 50, it has to be the FIRST tick down from previously going up.  So basically, if the last tick of the stoch was up, and now it's ticking down, it's valid.  If the last tick of the stoch was down, and it's ticking down again, it is not.

To post your chart, right click on your chart and save it as an image.

Then to post it here, click manage attachments under your reply window, browse and add the image file, then post.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
That is correct, it is on and off

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Hi Tazman , thanks for reply, close of candle on dec4 stoch was 62.3128,

close of candle on dec5 stoch was 62.3476, close of candle on dec8 stoch was 31.3850  and cci was below zero hence reason for getting eod signal, very strange!! Will try to post chart but am not very tech clever.

Geoff

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Currently on IBFX I see the following setups

GBPCHF short

NZDUSD short

EURJPY   short

USDJPY   short

EURAUD  long

As I understand this system, using wise MM we should enter ALL trades indicated......

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Hi Tazman , I really am not very clever at things like posting charts so could you tell me how to do it step by step ie. do A then click here and do B  etc, for example when I right click on chart I have nothing that says " save as image ". Like I said , am totally useless when it comes to these things, need

idiot proof  instructions.

Geoff

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Those are very different statuses on FXDD.  All broker dependent apparently, but should net out the same in the long term.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
1. on your chart, right click anywhere, you should have a 'save as picture'

2. save it to somewhere you know where it'll be

3. hit reply to this post

4. below the submit reply button there are other options (if not click advanced options)

5. click manage attachments

6. in upload file from your computer, click browse choose the file and click upload

7. click submit reply button

--- 帖子 #587 ---
The two questions I have are 1) what are we to make of the difference signals between IBFX and Alpari and 2) should we make straight entries or use a 23 percent or 50 percent retracement entry point as has been discussed?  Do we have any statistics on the retracement perfromance? Regards, Lynn

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Entry on retracement gives you a better RRR and gets you quicker to the target but you miss some of the trades and you miss the good ones, that is those which move straight to your target.

Another option is to split the position in half and use both straight and retrace entries with the same stop and target.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
I am new in this tread and understanding the enter.

I have this chart in the GBPJPY. Do you consider it a short ?

Best regards

dibanos

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Appears so to me, mine didn't get over the 50 line, but sure looks like yours did.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
An alternative way to save a chart (as a JPEG- .jpg file extension):

If you don't have it, google for, and download the very useful picture utility "irfanview". (It is useful, though not 100% essential, to download its plugins at the same time).

Install irfanview (which is a very simple process).

With your chart displayed full-screen, hit "shift" and PrtSc (on my keyboard, this is to the right of F12). That has saved the image in a buffer.

Run irfanview and go to "image"->create new (empty) image.

If asked, hit "OK" to take the defaults for colour, etc.

Do CTRL+V to paste the image from the Windows buffer to irfanview's buffer.

Go to "File"->"Save as". Make the filename something meaningful. The default filetype will be .jpg, which is fine.

Uploading the image will be as described earlier.

The process above is a lot simpler than it may read here, when you actually do it! :-)

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Hi friends,

Good to see some action again after a few quiet days on the EOD system.

I notice everyone gets slightly different results depending on what bucketshop... er broker... platform we happen to be using. In the long run I don't think it will make that much difference in the results though. However, I could be wrong.

I have backtested on IBFX and they have a "weekend" candle. I think it shows the trading action from Saturday, I'm not sure. Also, I don't know if I should consider it when taking a trade or not. If anybody has any thoughts on that I would like to hear it. I'm using MIG to demo the system and their platform has that small candle too.

I took these trades today:

GBPCHF - Short
GBPJPY - Short
NZDUSD - Short
USDJPY - Short
EURAUD - Long

Dave

--- 帖子 #593 ---
hi Paulus, I noticed most tough spots lies when we going against the trend (where sma 40(cci)  lugging and we go against sma14)- see pict: sma 40 & sma(cci)14

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Dib - yes that is an entry if you load the EOD ind given by Dezil it will give you entry arrows and mark the stop here it is again.

All you do is save it to your desk top in my cash I save it into a new folder i set up called EOD trading

Then right click and copy on the eod ind

then open

C>prog files>Meta Trader>Experts>Indicators

Right click and paste

Then close and open your MT 4 if you have it open

Open the programme and go to top tool bar - Indicators - Custom and you will see it there..

IB - it should even out I just enter without any retracement or refinement

FXX - Thanks for this I will look later if it works and knocks out losers but keeps winners in or a majority of them in we will trial it

--- 帖子 #595 ---
9th Dec EURAUD Long 1965 TP 2364 RR 0.96:1 stake £0.83 per pip

9th Dec CADCHF Short 9532 TP 9310 RR 0.52:1 stake £0.82 per pip

9th Dec AUDUSD Short 6575 TP 6406 RR 1.32:1 stake £2.69 per pip

Paulus

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Hi Paulus,

I trade Alpari live account and AUDUSD level you mentioned has positive CCi (9.55)

That is not regular signal ?

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Hi Paul

Are the SL as indicated by the EOD indicator ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Hi Pervaz

Oppps sorry yes it is and I forgot to put it on Il rectify it later and repost...

I never try to do technical appreciation on any signals but these 3 do look more side than down or up..but hey ho stranger things have happened at sea

Paulus

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Hi manistra

My CCI at the time of the signal was showing -0.1521 there fore below 0.00 and the EOD ind selected it.

Perhaps we are in a diff time zone what time did you look and did it give a signal at the very end of the day ?

Cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #600 ---
NZD/USD stopped out this morning.

At least it didn't leave me hanging in suspense for long.

Still an excellent trading strategy....

Good set-n-forget method.

-------------------------------------------

Bought USD/CAD today.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
It happens ...

Just have to crack on I dont follow that swap but hopefully it didn't dent the bank to much

Paulus

--- 帖子 #602 ---
ok  new trades setting up for 9pm but as we know may disappear.

the 3 taken last night are in profit

Paulus

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I have the following:

Short GBPCHF

Short NZDUSD

Long USDCAD

and maybe:

Short GBPUSD

Short CADJPY

if bars turn red

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Hi

I have been using IBFX up to now (for charting) and also have Alpari UK on my laptop. However, when I try to register a demo on Alpari it crashes.....I seem to remember reading that someone else on this (or another) thread had this problem.

Some kind soul suggested a solution...renaming? ??? ??? I would like to retain both IBFX and Alpari UK, so if anyone has a useful suggestion, I'd appreciate it.

Yesterday pm trades (IBFX) so far

GBPCHF short  in profit so far

NZDUSD  short  stopped out for loss

EURJPY short stopped out for loss

USDJPY short still active running at small loss

EURAUD long running at profit

Currently no trades showing for tonight on IBFX

--- 帖子 #605 ---
So so far since the 5th or so, USDCHF is the only one that is heavily against us right?

Just making sure I am following everything correctly.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Hi

Fixed Alpari problem....not sure how!

EOD trade Alpari chart now

USDCAD long @ 1.2590 limit order (placed with Oanda)

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Right now Alpari is showing : USDCAD,  GBPCHF and CADCHF.

Yesterday IBFX had: GBPCHF (in profit now), EURJPY (lost) and EURAD (won).

IBFX shows USDCAD on and off right now...

Alpari has my local timezone (GMT+2), IBFX has GMT, so it will be different.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
do we get in on the signal or wait for a retracement and then enter?

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Paulus, thank you for you explanations, now I do have the EOD indi in may charts.

Tazmaan,  finally I took this operation and see if hit the target.

DramaKing, I also took the EURAUD signal yesterday and the ATR was 333 pips and today it still open in positive. You got the target yet in the same operation. Did you get a smaller target or a retracement ?

Best regards

--- 帖子 #610 ---
well the new rules sujjested suggest you wait for the next day because it will most likely retrace 2/3 of the way down so you keep the original stop calculate your TP from the original days signal. this increases your reward and decreases your risk. you could do what another user suggested and place a limit order 2/3 of the way down (or up if thats the case)

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Hmm... I took 70% actually...

--- 帖子 #612 ---
How successful has entering on the retraction been? And setting limit order to do so?

Anyone can answer

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Looks like USDCHF was a loser this time around

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Stopped out on the USD/CAD trade. Another quickie...

Oh well, that's the way it goes.

I'm knocking this pair off my list to trade. I backtested it over the last 11 months, and saw it would have been a net loser over that period -- except for two large winning trades during that period of 600-700 pip days that kept it out of the hole. So, I'm through with that one. There are plenty more.

I don't ever risk more than 3% on any one trade, so any one loss is no problem.

It's also clear that many times the platform you use makes a big difference in whether or not you get an entry signal or not.

Like DramaKing said on Dec. 10, "Right now Alpari is showing : USDCAD, GBPCHF and CADCHF.

Yesterday IBFX had: GBPCHF (in profit now), EURJPY (lost) and EURAD (won).

IBFX shows USDCAD on and off right now...

Alpari has my local timezone (GMT+2), IBFX has GMT, so it will be different. "

I going to post a screenshot where my chart did not show an entry for EURJPY -- and I'm sure there are a lot of others that are different too. I'm using MIG for demo trading this.

It makes it hard to compare results with everybody using different platforms.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Mixed bad so far

All still in

CADCHF

EURAUD

GBPCHF

Out with a  loss

AUDUSD

USDCAD

Out with a win

EURCHF

Big thing here please this system will lose all systems lose the clever bit is to reduce the impact the losers have on your account you can only do that with Money management I risk 2.5% of the current bank when the trade is taken on each and every signal

Cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Thanks Paulus,

Weren't you in the USDCHF that was a loss as well?

Looking forward to testing this for quite a while to come, love the simplicity!

Thanks for sharing as usual

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Yes your right and just been stopped on CADCHF

Paulus

--- 帖子 #618 ---
I got a long signal on audnzd today based on my fxdd platform, attached below

--- 帖子 #619 ---
I just had 3 trades hit profit in the last couple hours and 1 this morning (canada).

They were all trades I took a couple days ago on Ibfx. This is live by the way.

Thanks Paulus, I realy enjoy the system so far.

Here are my last 5 closed trades.

Sell gbp/jpy win

Sell aud/jpy win

buy eur/aus win

sell usd/jpy win

buy usd/chf loss

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Regarding this trade, I entered another one in same pair, in same direction, after stopped out  (not so good idea generally, i know, but price action argument was on my side) Now I see that this pair is at the moment most profitable one   So it was loser by the strict rules, but not by the extended rules

--- 帖子 #621 ---
I couldn't enter new positions until just before 12 last night due to domestic issues..and cannot check all positions now

But

EURAUD was closed it hit its TP of 399 pips

I will update later today if at all possible

Hang in there ..money management money management money management

Paulus

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Nice profit for you on the EURAUD, Paulus.

Here's how I stand on the trades I placed since Dec. 10:

nzdusd -- loss

usdcad -- loss
euraud -- win

usdjpy -- win

gbpjpy -- win
gbpchf -- still in

Only increased the equity about $50 on these trades, total but if the gbpchf comes through it will be about $250 total.  Not bad.

David

--- 帖子 #623 ---
To All,

Where do I place the indicators again?  I had problems with my metatrader being slow and needed to redownload it, and now I cant recall where these go.  Any help?  Thanks and good luck

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Your metatrader directory, under experts/indicators folder

If you are using the EA that trades it for you, it goes in the experts folder

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Based on the close of today's candles (in 5 minutes)

My current trades are:

12/10 GBPCHF Short

12/12 USDCAD Short

12/12 GBPJPY Short

12/12 AUDJPY Short

12/12 NZDUSD Short

12/12 CADJPY Short

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Hi Paulus and everyone.

I'm posting an interesting chart of EURJPY here, and I hope to get some opinions on what you think this chart pattern means to you.

Some people regard the so-called "pinbar" as a reversal signal.

My understanding is that to show a reversal from an uptrend the bar would open and price would trade upward, and then be pushed downward again to then close lower, leaving a long "wick" or "shadow" showing that the upward momentum has changed back to the downside.

Please correct me if I am misunderstanding that.

What makes me curious about this one is that it appears that the price was pushed down hugely, then was forced back up to nearly where it opened. Nearly the opposite of what you would expect.

Other than this wierd price action it would seem to be good entry.

I know, according to the rules that this should not be a factor in deciding on an entry but it makes me wonder if it would be a good entry with this kind of price action.

Anyway, what do you think?

Thanks,

David

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Before taking each signal, i try to use price action analysis on lower time frames, for better entry. There are two details that tells me I should avoid buying this pair, despite regular EOD signal.

1. Pair recently broke upward trend line.

2. Price currently reside on strong resistance line.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Hi folks:

There are 4 EOD indicators on the thread. Could anyone help me by telling me the post# on the correct one? Thanks to everyone and especially Paulus.

Jim

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Hi Folks;

Just re-read thread and found answer for EOD indicator. Sorry.

Jim

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Do you consider the candle?

You wouldn't consider the candle in the "EOD" system as written unless the indicators line up and point in that direction.  Also pinbars have very long swing low/highs so the SL would have to be very large perhaps unacceptably so. The EURJPY is still in the short zone according to EOD rules.

That said,  The EURJPY looks like a pinbar, but is still within the range of the surrounding candles so its not too valid according to J-16 rules.  It's shaped like a PB, but It's not a lowest low in the trend

HOWEVER

Check out the USDJPY.  That one really sticks out of the crowd and is the closest to a valid daily PB I've seen in a while.  You want a lot of space around them forming a lowest low or highest high on the trend.

I couldn't resist and have taken the USDJPY long outside of the rules of the EOD system.

That said, following the EOD has been working very well for me.

This USDJPY is a separate trade.  I may have entered too soon so I have a tight stop.

We won't have confirmation untill Monday when we see what happens "following" it.

Sorry to take us off track.

Jim

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Anyone sees a long signal with this pair?

Currently @ 1.2437...The problems I see:

1) The current daily candle still red,

2) With TP about 200 pips, putting SL(10pips below the EOD dot) is about 300 pips. Very bad risk/reward.

Wouldn't take it at this time....

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Foreyes... Thanks for the comments on my question. I didn't understand much about the pinbar and how it is used in TA. I think I'll still wait for more confirmation that the EURJPY is continuing the downtrend, since it appears to be building a base. If it follows the lead of the EURUSD it may break out to the upside as it has over the last few days. In that case, it may be ready to make a move to the upside.

Like you, I have had very good results so far with the system.

forexunder... I took the USDCAD off my list of pairs to trade since I backtested it over the last 12 months and found out that overall it was not very profitable.

With this many pairs to trade I don't see any reason to take trades that have a poor r/r anyway.

Thanks to Paulus.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
With usdcad now @1.2345, yes Dave, glad didn't take the trade! And many thanks to Paulus for this great daily system.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
So far the strategy has been very profitable for me.

It's not a fast-action day trading system, but it looks like a good, safe way to build up your wealth over time if you are patient and diciplined. And so far the scalping and daytrading has not gotten me anywhere near the profits I have hoped for anyway.

I'm trying to wean myself off of the "trading for excitement" attitude and develop a "wait for good opportunity and take profits" mentality.

It's working so far.

I am curious about whether anyone has considered trying leaving a small position open and trailing. It looks like this might be worth the risk on some pairs as they seem to run for a long time before giving up a pullback where you can enter. Lots of pips there.

Dave

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Hi Dave

In my back testing I have looked at trying to split the trade and take the first part off at the usual TP and then to trade the second half of the trade using a simple trailing daily low SL.

This helps to catch some of the larger moves. However you need to be disciplined and take all of the signals and these big moves do not happen that often.

I agree about your comments on not trading the USDCAD. I am still doing manual back testing to see what pairs work best. I am only using 8 pairs at the moment. The signals also vary quite dramatically according to which broker you use. So much so that it is useless comparing other peoples trades if you do not have the same feed. However overall at the end of a year it should even out, but beware of trying to emulate other peoples results.

I am not trading this live yet as it requires a reasonable pot to ensure that you are not over exposed on each trade, but this should happen in the New Year so I have time to do more back testing.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #636 ---
GBPJPY stopped out on me today

Hopefully the rest of my open trades fair better.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Todays only signal is on IBFX(GMT+1): AUDUSD.

Taking it

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Thanks, Mister ED.

I suppose it comes down to whether or not you would rather try for several small gains, or many small losses and a few large gains. That would possibly come down to a trader's psychology and how many losses they could withstand before they got to the rare win.

Anyway, that strategy is not part of Paulus' system. I may start backtesting that idea and try it out on another platform just to see how profitable it is overall. I would guess that it depends on how trending the market is for that pair during the time.

It looks like the market may be coming alive again now, so I'm looking forward to some great trades developing soon.

Dave

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Finally heard the cash register ring on the short GBPCHF I had placed on Dec. 10. Six days of waiting for this one, but worth it. 305 pips profit. Nice.

I'm liking it more all the time.

Dave

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Pistol,

Patience well rewarded!

--- 帖子 #641 ---
I was dumb enough to put sl to BE 2 days ago when i was 170 pips in profit and ..... got stopped out at be.

I know this is not part of the system but i was afraid of a winning trade turning into a loser

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Can you let us know how you calculate your risk/reward Dave, with a chart or 2, i am using 2% and having a few losers.

I am looking at a signal and I use the atr(5) for today and set the TP (SL is EOD + 10pips)

Monk

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Yesterdays EOD for AUDUSD at IBFX(GMT+1) just went in.

Fed Cuts Key Interest Rate To Between Zero and 0.25% : http://www.cnbc.com/id/28254875

Looking at the fundamentals doesn't kill you

I'm now about 3% profit since 9th of December for IBFX.

3 wins, 1 loss.

No EODs at IBFX or Alpari so far today.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hello every body,

Some people took this operation yesterday, but the stoch was over 50.

Is this an operation inside the rules  or some extra that showed good probabilities? .   New with this system and learning.

Thank you

Best regards

--- 帖子 #645 ---
System rule from first page

Long

CCI is above 0.00 stochastic moves below 50 and ticks up the tick up hasnt got to finish above 50

Enter on a green candle,if red then you can enter the following day but no more and only of green

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Since 11-5-08 through tonight I've had 10 winners and 5 losers for a net of 1384 pips.  I'm on IBFX. I've sometimes closed a trade that was in a losing position early and have a hard time letting the winners go all the way to the target profit but I'm happy. Lynn

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Thank you for you response;

I see that the stoch ticks up, according the rule

But I also see the stoch is moving above 50 and the tick up is finishing above 50. This is not according the rule. I am correct ?

Thanks for your help.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Doesnt matter where the tick up ends, just as long as it was previously below 50 and this is it's first tick up (not a continuation of an up tick)

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Right, I got this. Thank you

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Hi Monk.

I am presently risking 3% on each open position, and no more than 9% total.

Here is the way I calculate the lot size:

(Acct bal x percent risk)
(pips risk x 10)
= number of lots

Example of finding lot size for a trade:

Account balance: $14500

Percent of account to risk per trade: 3%

Pips risk to stop: 420
(14500 x .03)
(420 x 10)
= 0.103 lots
Rounded off to the lowest whole number is 0.1 lots or 1 mini-lot.
In this example the reward was 314pips and risk was 420pips, so the reward/risk ratio on this trade was about 0.75/1 approximately.
If you were not comfortable with this r/r you could improve it by moving your profit target farther out, or put your stop in tighter, or as some others have suggested to put an entry order 25-50% inside the signal candle to reduce the risk, but you might reduce your hit rate if you do any of that. I haven't got enough experience with this system, or have not done enough backtesting to know for sure how that would affect the overall profitability of the system. Maybe Paulus could tell us more about that. Or you could backtest the system and check to see how much better/worse you would do over a year or so with different profit targets. He has suggested using the ATR as a target, and the last swing high/low as the level to place the stop, so I suppose that is what he considers most effective. It has been working fine so far.
The trade I'm showing in this attached chart is a great example of the system when a trade sets up perfectly. A good downtrend, nice pullback and then a fairly steady move toward the profit target. Slow mover, but never in any danger of getting stopped out. The r/r was not all that great, but it worked out fine.
Looking back, I should have stayed in for the ride down after it broke the November & December lows, and could have picked up at least +700 more pips, but this was forming a triple bottom at the time that could have easily exploded back to the upside and I didn't want to sit there and watch all the profits evaporate because of letting greed take over. Oh well, there will be more opportunities.
I hope this helps you have more success with the system.

Dave

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Since 11-5-08 through tonight I've had 10 winners and 5 losers for a net of 1384 pips. I'm on IBFX. I've sometimes closed a trade that was in a losing position early and have a hard time letting the winners go all the way to the target profit but I'm happy. Lynn[/quote]

Hey, Lynn,

You have done a masterful job! You should be Very Happy.

Such results from a youngster from Salt Lake County give great hope to a gray hair from Utah County that he might do the same.

Just Keep on Truckin'.

And great appreciation always to Paulus for the insight, wisdom and generosity to lay the groundwork here.

Thank you,

Bruce

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Dave thats how i work out the r:r (atr(5)/(bar close-stop)) but due to timing differences i work on close of bar than 9pm like paul

i might downlod a years data and manually test it both days (with eod and r:r > 75%)

I notice u dnt use the eod indicator you missed an opportunityon dec 12th (wouldnt have taken it as the r:r was 33% (265atr(5)/800sl)

monk

--- 帖子 #653 ---
IBFX and Alparis shows GPYJPY today... with some strong resistance.

And this resistance is going to be tested... http://www.dailyfx.com/story/currenc...551115807.html

Takeprofit just above last low at Dec 12th!

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Thanks for reminding me about the EOD indicator. I'm going to start using that. It does make it a little easier to see the entries.

It is hard to be exact when you compare results to others trading this system anyway, since your entry price can depend on what time your platform calls the end of the day. And some of them have those "weekend candles" that can throw off the results. I think some judgement and discretion has to be used.

Dave

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Hi

Glad to see the thread going will update my spread sheets with positions over the Xmas break

Good pips to all

Paulus

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Hi Paulus,

Just wanted to let you know I'm doing well with your EOD system.

I'm looking forward to seeing the spreadsheets if you share them.

Hope you are in good health and you and your family are getting ready for a wonderful holiday season.

Take care,

Dave

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Im pleased

we must all help one another we are not in competition with each other my trades will not effect yours or any one elses..its a big sea out there !

will give update on postilions with stats over week end

Paulus

--- 帖子 #658 ---
No new signals today...

Yesterdays GBPJPY short on IBFX(GMT+2) is in profit... halfway to my target: 12th Dec Low. A couple of pips above the ATR(5/7) range.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Hi friends,

Here's a video called "The Whipsaw Song" by trading legend Ed Seykota. It's not new -- but it's funny and interesting.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Haha.. yeah   One good trend, pays for them all!!

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Hi,

can this method be applied to all forex pairs ? Or just some particular ones ?

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Try adding the EOD indicator and see for yourself... some pairs, EURDKK for example, is a real ranger.

Paulus trades twelve pairs mentioned somewhere in the thread.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Not a Paulus pair, but taking a trade at EURNZD showing a continuation of an uptrend.

EOD shown at ActivTrades(GMT+2).

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Hi DramaKing,

Here's the definition for the wedge formation from Investopedia. The red text gives the classic def.

My personal opinion is that we are seeing a continuation of the uptrend on the daily chart on that pair. (See chart.)

But, of course, I could be wrong...

Have a great holiday season,

PistolDave

=========================

What Does Wedge Mean?

A technical chart pattern composed of two converging lines connecting a series of peaks and troughs.

http://i.investopedia.com/inv/dictio...llingwedge.gif

http://i.investopedia.com/inv/092009...y/inv_icon.jpgInvestopedia explains Wedge...

Falling wedges indicate temporary interruptions of upward price rallies. Rising wedges indicate interruptions of a falling price trend. Technical analysts see a 'breakout' of this wedge pattern as either bullish (on a breakout above the upper line) or bearish (on a breakout below the lower line).

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Your so right  hehe.. edited my post.

Happy holidays!

--- 帖子 #666 ---
nice to see the thread going well,

The system is doing well but having a rough time here such is life keep on going ......

Paulus

--- 帖子 #667 ---
How long have you been using this system Paulus?

--- 帖子 #668 ---
My FXDD MT platform is giving a long signal on this pair.

With approx. 9 hrs. to close of the daily candle, this pair could be a good candidate for a buy. Anyone agree?

--- 帖子 #669 ---
EURJPY gave a signal yesterday on ActivTrades(GMT+2). I didn't take it because I was uncertain if it was ranging or not.

No trade, no loss!

But it's a signal alright. Also EURCAD is giving a signal that I'll look into later tonight.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
I took the trade for the long signal on EURJPY, also EURAUD gave me the same signal.

Merry Christmas, and happy new year to all.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
USDCAD is on... (ActivTrades GMT+2)

Status: The GBPYJPY from Dec 17th went to TP. Yesterdays EURNZD is 70% towards TP.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Last trades?

Opening hours in CET, to whom it may consern:

24 December CLOSE 19.00

25 December CLOSED

26 December OPEN 08.00

31 December CLOSE 19.00

01 January CLOSED

02 January OPEN 08.00

Merry christmas to you all!! And don't forget to relax

--- 帖子 #673 ---
This is some really great stuff I almost read every page in the thread, I somewhat new to fx trading and dont have much time to spend day trading short term trends.  I hope to contribute to this strategy as i adopt it.  Thanks Paulus and everyone else!!!

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Hi

I will be updating my spread sheets over the Xmas break to give latest stats etc

Im glad every one is enjoying the system,its holding up quite well

When the market moves sideways daily bars normally shrink as ranges get tighter this will hopefully reflect in the smaller ATR over the last 5 days before a signal in those conditions..

MM is the key to survival in any system

Good luck

Paulus

--- 帖子 #675 ---
I wanted to wish everyone here a blessed and safe holiday season -- and a very profitable new year.

I'm going with a very light load on any trades I take from now until after the New Year holiday.

On the shorter timeframes it's nothing but ranging and whipsaws.

Paulus -- a special thanks to you for introducing your system to us.

Most important to preserve your capital and live to fight another day.

Best wishes,
PistolDave

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Hello everyone. I have been away for the last 10 days or so and without an internet connection because of an technical issue. (found out that they hooked up the internet to the neighbour's house instead)

I was taking a quick Look back at the eod indicator, it looks like I would have been  somewhere around 9 wins and 2 losses for that period with this system. Oh well, there will be more opportunities soon.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
My EOD trades status for today 12/29

open date         pair          price        stop          target    status

12/12             CadJpy      72.75       75.70        70.47      open in loss

12/17             G/J           135.61      139.28      131.81    closed at TP

12/18             AudJpy      60.55        63.64        58.22     open in loss

12/19             AudNzd      1.1896      1.1648    1.2129    open in profit

12/23             UsdCad      1.2162      1.2259     1.1897   open at even

12/23             EurAud       2.0491      2.0240     2.0987   open in loss

12/26             NzdUsd       .5793         .5647      .5900    open in profit

12/26             AudCad       .8385         .8203     .8535     open in profit

12/26             EurCad        1.7174      1.6743     1.7511   open in profit

12/26             UsdJpy        90.54         91.08      89.54    open in profit

12/26             EurUsd        1.4052      1.3904     1.4261    closed at TP

12/26             UsdChf        1.0688      1.1141     1.0496    closed at TP

12/26             AudUsd        .6864         .6747      .6960    closed at TP

These are on FXDD

--- 帖子 #678 ---
This looks promising

What TimeZone is FXDD in?

--- 帖子 #679 ---
FXDD is GMT+2

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Hi All

I am continuing my backtesting to try and break the basic system. However I have failed to break it so far and have had good results from this year so far. I am convinced that the retracements occur on almost every signal and so should be utilised to maximise the system.

I have been looking at the retracement entry and it certainly helps with reducing the losses and maximizing the profits. You miss a couple of trades per year with each pair but that is offset by the better performance.

It also helps because I can place the orders and just leave things alone, without hovering over the computer and stressing as things retrace.

The retracement entries that I use are the following:

EJ 30

EU 35

GCHF 30

GJ 50

GU 50

NU 20

UCHF 20

UJ 40

The benefit of these small changes have a massive effect at the end of the year once compounding takes effect. Improves the performance by up about 75% per pair over the year.

I will try and attach my spreadsheet results at some stage.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Mr Ed,

Thanks for your input on this system.

Those values for retracement, are they % or pips?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #682 ---
They are in pips.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Mr Ed

Thanks for all the time you have put into this..I know how long things like this can take.

perhaps you can put a couple posts into the thread on how exactly you enter with the retracement once you have a signal

I am a fan of this and would be interested to implement it

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Which pairs are you focusing on? The twelve Paulus mentioned, or another group?

--- 帖子 #685 ---
where are theese pairs please?

--- 帖子 #686 ---
The Paulus 13 here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...5&postcount=26

Minus USDCAD stated here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=632

But I´m forward testing about 30 pairs including Gold and EuroGold. I will probably backtest further before the new year really kicks in and going live.

--- 帖子 #687 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gifOK¡¡

--- 帖子 #688 ---
it does well on gold, silver, wheat, soya, oils, and indexes

I have posted charts of all earlier in the thread

,

paulus

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Great

I´ve tried everything from 1min to 1hour with no luck! It looks like my timeframe is 1day  hehe

--- 帖子 #690 ---
I am just focusing on the pairs that I have listed as these are the ones that I have been back testing. However I do have a few rules that I use which I will try and write down tonight.

Mister ED

PS some of the pairs I do not trade as I cannot with my spread betting firm

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Just to give an update on my forward testing.

I and another colleague are getting excellent results forward trading this system just using the original rules; no modified entry (entering on a retrace etc.).

I'm getting 30-40% return per month with an 81% win rate.

For its ease of use and % return this is easily the best system I've seen.

Let's hope it keeps it up.

Well done, Paul.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
I am trading this in demo fro about 20 days now and am loving it as well.  Thanks to Paulus and the rest of the guys who have made improvements along the way. So simple yet effective.

The only thing I am having a hard time deciding is what I shuld put my time frame at. I am in NY but am considering making my trades in UK time. Any insight? should I just make my trade 12am Est time after my daily candle closes?

--- 帖子 #693 ---
DramaKing,

FWIW, I've had some success on 4hr, but I think it does work best on the daily TF.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Thanks for the positive inputs and comments

markets change a system that works today may well not work in a back test looking back 5 years,times change the market now is very technically driven

I know a few professional traders who were true professionals working in the city who now trade their own account and they for instance love the 100 and 200 day moving average to them it show market sentiment.

But 15 years ago perhaps only a fraction of traders looked at it so it responded differently when price approached it.The price doesnt know when its coming close to the 200 ma its the thousands of traders who see it and buy when its close that drives price up down etc...

So markets do change and we have to change with it this system will change and adapt the longer it goes on they may only be small changes hardly worth doing but I like to think the system is robust if the market explodes in volatility and daily bars become 3 times the size a system with a fixed TP will suffer the TP will now be too small and the SL will be constintly hit due to the increased size of candles if your using a fixed 100 pip stop for example.

This systems SL and TP expand and contract with the daily bars..ok its not instant and it will lag but Im sure its one of the reasons its doing so well.

Im also looking at an EOD 1 day hold which looks promising atm and will look to run this in conjunction with this system.

I remember going on a course run by a UK trader unfortunately I forgot his name but he was a pro at liffe .....when the markets when over to sets ( electronic trading) all the traders came off the floor and sat behind PC's on thier own..they had lost the herd instict..

ie they knew one trader was the big hitter when he started buying Ftse Future contracts so would every one else and it gained momnetum and they all made when he stated selling so did they.

Allot of those guys when sets come in couldnt make money it was all technical the emotion they fed off was gone and they fell by the way side.

the great thing about Forex factory is that although we are spread all over the world sitting in our offices bedrooms lofts dinning rooms or bed sits we do have a feeling of belonging ,being part of a community and for that I thank the guys who set the site up

Paulus

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Which pairs are you using? Could you please post your account history report?

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Here's one of the accounts on Interbank FX traded purely with the EA and basic indicators (there might be one trade I closed early but it doesn't make a great deal of difference) the results, of course will depend on your MM.

However, it's a pretty robust system so, at this time, it isn't inconceivable to be a little more aggressive with MM.

PAIRS TRADED:

GBPUSD/EURUSD/USDCAD/EURCHF/GBPJPY/NZDUSD/USDJPY/USDCAD/USDCHF/AUSUSD.

Gray.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Hi gtrade, would you mind share the .set your using

with the eod ea?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Simple settings for the EA (see attachment).

Bank on 3-7 trades open at any one time; max of 7 seen sofar.

But note that some may be in profit whilst others aren't.

So eg you may divide your risk across 6-7 and aportion that dollar amount per pair.

eg

100,000 start capital at 1,000 usd per pair risk, at 6-7 open at one time = 6-7% risk but some will be in profit so risk will be less.

The win rate is very high at the moment so I'd allow the increase percentage risk compared to start capital.

This EA doesn't perform money management so if you trade live you are risking entering on all pairs at once with increased MM risk, so it's best to get an EA coded to limit your exposure according to your risk; only open trades to a maximum of eg 3% (inputted) or higher capital risk, depending on your MM style. Maybe the original coder would be kind enough to do that.

Also, I noticed for one trade that the stop was placed incorrectly by the EA but all-in-all it has performed very well.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Daily bars normally close at 10pm or 11pm GMT (UK time at present) which correspond with 5pm or 6pm EST; trades should be place near close of the bar or at close of the bar.

I place my orders between 9 and 10pm GMT that is between 4 and 5pm EST and as I place limit orders allowing for a % retracement it really does not matter what time they are placed as long as it is towards the close of the bar. and you have a setup.

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Just a quick question: the USDJPY gave a signal on Dec 25 and now it looks like it's gonna give another signal today. Is the second signal valid?

--- 帖子 #701 ---
is it an indicator or the EA that gave this signal?

--- 帖子 #702 ---
No, I don't use EAs, I'm just looking at the CCI and Stoch.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Thanks for that...

--- 帖子 #704 ---
No signal for that pair on Alpari UK server. Perhaps you are tracking 4h chart, but EOD is daily chart signal.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Regarding the entry:

Most traders I know, including myself, would regard a retracement past 61.8% on a standard FIB to be a warning of a reversal; and up to 50% retracement as probable.

Of course, nothing is perfect and examples contrary to that can be found.

Therefore, I would look to enter on a 40-50% retrace after a valid signal presents itself.

Gray.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Hi

I started to backtest this first visually and then use the EOD_EA to confirm my figures and found a discrepancy.

Using cable from 01/01/08 to today manually i found 19 signals when i ran the EOD_EA on the the same date ranges i found only 15 signals (21/10, 16/10, 2/6 and 2/5 were missing from the EA)

Any ideas ?

Does the EOD indicator repaint (after 9) ?

Pervaz

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Hi dmc,

Glad you followed my advice and came to join us; as someone that has been through the ordeal and pain of FOREX systems, indicators etc. etc. for the last 3 years I hope this thread will save you from that! So far it's profitable; let's hope it continues.

Happy New Year.

Gray.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Hi

If I'm short a particular swap and I get another signal I ignore it as my original is still valid..you will find you get enough signals with opening mutlple signals in the same swap.

If you open your market watch window then select show all you will see all 29 swaps available

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Hi Pervaz,

I did extensive back testing and you can't trust what you see with indicators; not just re-painting but indicator lines move back and forth before they settle, therefore, around borderline entries or big price swings, you will get different resuts live vs back testing.

Most systems backtest really well and fail live; this one doesn't back test as well as it trades live!

Gray.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Hi Gray

i only use the indicator (EOD_EA) and ATR(5) - nice and simple

i might download vhands or something and check if the indicator repaints

P

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Even with vhands you still aren't going to get accurate results.

I've driven myself bonkers testing systems and this one for hours, sometimes 23 hrs per day!  Really, the only thing that counts is forward testing.

IMO the best thing to do is to get 2 very good systems with different personalities. What I mean by that is each system will have its months that it does well on and months that it does not so well--its personality. The idea is to aim to get 2 strong systems that do badly on different months and therefore carry each other when necessary and keeping the draw down to a minimum and profit to the maximum.

I say, nothing is perfect and nothing is guaranteed; we can only aim to do our best.

Gray.

I believe that Paul's EOD system is a good candidate for one of those systems.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
gtrade

thanks

I suppose forward testing (which i was doing slowly for the next 2 months)

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hi gtrade,

I know exactly what you mean about going through the pain. Been there, done that, had about enough of it.

Too much stress... Too much screen time... Not enough living time.

This way of trading is much better. At first, setting larger stops made me nervous, but if you control your risk by trading smaller lots it is actually less risk than smaller TF's with larger lots.

You have to decide at some point whether you are trading for fun and excitement, or to maximize profits.

I can find other ways of having fun...

================

It's fairly easy to backtest this system. Just a little slow and tedious but you can get a fairly good idea how well it can work. I like the results so far.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Update: The (missing) signals do appear in the strategy tester (19 sigs for 2008 for cable) just they were not taken by the EA

So i can carry on backtesting a bit more - I would like to output the EOD values and ATR from 2007 to date (rather than manually putting them in a spreadsheet - any ideas ?)

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Absolutely.

Gray.

--- 帖子 #716 ---
On FXDD I had a signal for USDJPY for 12/26, which I am still in.  Seeing another the next day is just a nice confirmation for me.

As far as the EA, I do have it on one of my demo's and I use what it gives me for manual entry on my live account, however I do not let it take trades for me.  I see too many instances where it's throwing a signal when it shouldn't, so I decided to leave it on but not take trades.  It's not real hard to go through all these pairs at the end of the day and find the signals and entries manually.   Takes about 5-10 mins, I can live with that

By the way, status update from my last trade posting

usdcad closed at SL

eurcad closed at TP

I am not sure I will keep trading usdcad, always feels like the damn thing could go anywhere regardless of how sound my entry logic is these days.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
I still can't find a heiken ashi sw anywhere. can someone post it here so i can get the ea to work. thanks

edit: thanks gtrade   Answered

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Understood. And if you didn't take the first signal for whatever reason, do you then take the second?

--- 帖子 #719 ---
As I said in the PM to you; and for the benefit of anyone else that reads this post, you don't need the heiken ashi sw: just put the ea on the chart with the other indicators (atr pips, cci, stoch and EOD IND) and all should be ok.

Gray.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Tasmann, So far I have backtested by hand, candle by candle the following pairs for 2008.  AUD/USD, EUR/JPY, EUR/USD, GBP/USD, USD/JPY, NZD/USD and USD/CAD.  I agree with you.  All of the pairs made pips except USD/CAD.  Thanks for this great system.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
The Experts terminal says Heiken Ashi SW is missing... You don´t always get what you want

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Signal is valid, as longs it meets the CCI & STOCH requirments. With CCI >0, STOCH below 50, and just ticked up, your good to go for that LONG signal.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Hi Mister ED,

I agree. There is almost always some "overlap" or retracement of price back into the daily range of an entry day. It would be to great advantage to be able to enter at a better price than at the top or bottom of the candle.

I would like to pick your brain here a little, if you would be so generous:

Are the numbers you show above percent retracements from the top/bottom of the signal candle? Or are they pips?

How did you arrive at these numbers? Fib retracements, or from your visual backtesting?

Do you suggest waiting until after the daily candle is completely formed then entering a limit order, and wait for the order to be filled for entry?

I think I remember you mentioning in an earlier post that around 90% of the trades make some retracement before reaching the profit target. Are you still finding that to be accurate?

Thanks for the help.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Paulus: thank you for sharing this great system! I just finished reading through the whole thread and it is a gem. I will start demo trade it.

Denzel: thank you for the indicator!

Happy New Year and lots of pips to everybody!

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Hi Pistol Dave

These figures are in pips. I worked them out by visual backtesting for the last year's data. I calculated the maximum retracement from the entry point during the following 2 days after the signal. I then put all this into a spreadsheet and worked out roughly how far the I could retrace without loosing too many signals.

As these have been done by visual backtesting the data is based on the completed signals that I have on the screen. I am using MT4 which is on a GMT+1 server I believe (this shouldn't make too much difference I feel if you are on a different server over the whole year).

When the signal candle has closed I would then immediately place 2 limit orders for each trade. The first I would close at TP1 for which I am using the ATR(5) and the second order I would use a trailing SL based on the previous days low/high (depending on whether you are short or long).

From my visual testing I am still finding that most of the trades retrace to at least a small degree. The amounts may not be great which is why I am not relying on a fib retracement. However even using a 20 pip retracement figure will give you an extra 40 pips per pair of orders on a winning trade and equally important 40 pips less on each pair of orders that goes against you.

From my calculations that improves the performance by about 75% for each pair over the year.

The system appears to work well and so an extra 75% return is great news. Putting limit orders also for me helps to make the system even more mechanical and less open to manipulation and fudging the results (which I find is all too easily done when backtesting).

As I do nearly all my backtesting visually it does take a long time to get information. However I believe that it is more accurate in the long term and it gets me to look at many many charts and get a feel for how the system works. Bear in mind these results however are only based on 2008 and the market may change!

I also have not traded this live as I am concentrating on another system, however I intend to start probably within the next month if I am able. These are just my thoughts from doing all my back testing.

Have a great New Year and I look forward to this system giving more great results next year.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #726 ---
My euraud closed at SL last night, just fyi

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Thank you for taking the time to explain your methods, and for sharing the backtesting results. That will definitely make this system even more profitable. Better r/r ratio.

Above you mention:

Do you have any numbers on how much more this will add to the profit on each trade?

It would obviously add to the risk, unless you take the normal lot size you would be planning to use and dividing it by some amount. What's your thinking along those lines?

I have thought about doing this too, since there are times when price will keep moving in your direction for hundreds more pips before retracing (when trending strongly). It seems to make sense to try to capture these if there is a low risk strategy to do it.

You might also consider trailing a stop based on a percentage of ATR as opposed to using the previous day's hi/lo. Might work better, might not. I am going to look into that.

Have a prosperous new year....

--- 帖子 #728 ---
This system intrigued me enough that I have now read the entire thread, and the robot trading where paulus started. I think it seems to be a great one. I use IBFX as well and those with ibfx we can collaborate on the trades if you want.

My only question is on the indicator and the stops. For instance, on ibfx UCad showed a sell. I realize most of you have stopped trading ucad, but let's look at the stop the indicator provided. Why would the 12/19 candle high not be the swing high? I understand this would put the r:r not so great, but if you waited for a pullback as some of you are then it would be ok. I actually took the ucad sell and put my stop above that swing high. Today looks good so far, but who knows what time will bring.

Anyway, Paulus I am sorry to hear about your personal life. These kinds of things can affect us. I hope you and your wife can make mends. If I understand correctly she also doesn't want you trading because she sees it as gambling, but is this your income in life? Or do you have a full-time job? You don't have to answer if it is too personal. My wife also hates me trading as it takes time away, but my goal is to become a full-time trader, so she is understanding at the moment.

Anyway, let's all hope 2009 is a great year financially for us all.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Hi Pistol Dave

"Do I have any numbers on how much more this will add to the profit on each trade? "

The amount of extra profit depends on the pair that is being traded.

The retracement entries that I use are the following:

EJ 30

EU 35

GCHF 30

GJ 50

GU 50

NU 20

UCHF 20

UJ 40

I am splitting my normal lot size into 2 parts to get the two parts of the trade so that I am not over extending mysel as far as money management is concerned. Therefore with an EJ trade I would expect to make an extra 60 pips if the trade hit the TP1, or would lose 60 pips less per trade if it hit the SL.

I have used the previous daily low as the trailing SL just for the sake of ease of backtesting but there are obviously many ways that this can be done. I have not tried the ATR as a TSL but will have a look.

It is difficult to get the correct balance to let these trades run as you can run up quite a profit over a few days just to see it reverse in a single day, on the other hand if the stops are too close then you keep missing the big trends. My feeling is that the really big moves do not happen very frequently but they are big. Most of the trades with the split entry do about as well as the single entry method as was first described. But I like the idea of getting into a trade, hitting the TP1 moving the SL to break even and then seeing how far you can ride it. I have been using a Heikin Ashi signal as a trailing SL on a 4 hour system but have not had time to look at this on the daily system. I don't think I would like it as on a daily you are having to run with a large trailing SL. Sometimes it's just better to get the pips locked away in the bank and not try to follow every trend to the bitter end. The results with just a simple trailing SL are pretty good as it is.

Enjoy the holiday.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Thanks for sharing the info, Mister Ed.

I'm going to do a little more backtesting and see if it would be profitable to try entering a position on a deep pullback too. Like at the 50% or 66% retracement level on the entry candle, just to see if it would work out.

Hope we all have a profitable year in 2009!

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Friday, January 2nd, there was a tick up on stoch on the Eur/Jpy.  Stoch was below the 50 line and CCI was above the zero line.  My entry was on Sunday and with spread was 128.11.  The 5 day ATR is 204 and the last swing low was at 125.38.  We will see what happens.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
I have backtested current live trades according to IBFX and what I consider the swing high/low for the stop. They are:

Sell GbpUsd

Buy EurGBP

Buy EurJpy

Sell UsdCad

Sell UsdJpy = failed Friday

for 2007 and 2008 here are the wins out of total

GbpUsd = 20 wins out of 34 = 59%

UsdJpy = 28 wins out of 40 = 70%

EurJpy = 22 wins out of 30 = 73%

UsdCad = 24 wins out of 40 = 60%

This data was based on the daily close prices and getting in at that rate. IBFX closes at 00:00GMT or currently 7pm est. I have yet to do EurGBP backtesting.

I also entered the retracement totals to determine if overall the pips were there. In some cases it was better, in others it was not. UsdCad was the worse r:r for almost all trades until the last half of 2008 when the ATR rose.

GbpUsd would often get within pips of the 100% ATR before reversing and failing. After I have done all of this backtesting, here is my plan for testing live:

I will buy/sell at the close of each candle.. No waiting on retracing despite sometimes bad r:r. Once the pips get to 85% of ATR, I will set the trade to +1 or whatever to offset any negative rollover interest. I will have no TP, but trail on the entire lots entered. There will be a lot of b/e trades, but sometimes the trend goes enough to cover all missed trades and more.

Doing the 85% of atr to b/e gave an astonishing 5 more won (or b/e trades) on GU and 3 more on UsdCad. These are the only 2 I have checked this on since their win rate was so low. I guess it just hit me that the total won I did include b/e trades since they were entered and nothing was lost on them.

FYI, I didn't enter any trades on Friday, but waited until today. EurJpy opened and ran up before I could get there, so I put a limit entry in case it came back down and sure enough it did. I also got in UsdCad and UsdJpy at better entries, although UsdJpy has already failed.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
I should also mention that the idea of waiting until the signal candle high/low was broken is an excellent way of preventing losses. I also included this in 2 of the currencies and the problem is when do you get in? If you get in after that high/low was broken for those that still fail you have bigger losses and then it doesn't go enough to get the 100% ATR. On usd/cad sometimes you would only net 20 pips doing this, but have a bigger loss. So despite being a higher success rate by waiting your losses outweighed the wins.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
buylimit triggered on EURJPY

--- 帖子 #735 ---
brave....

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Still waiting for a blue dot, and an up arrow in my daily. I am getting real impatient now....[sarcasm]

There is no good wine, until its time

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Looking good now for a long entry:

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Hi llambert3,

I have seen similar numbers from my backtesting. Thanks for taking the time to post your results here.

I also noticed there were several times where trades were stopped out by 25-30 pips and then turned and went on to profit.

I think it comes down to deciding whether you want to take trades that produce greater number of small gains, or much smaller number of large gains. This one seems to be the former. The latter may be more profitable overall, but many people may not have the dicipline to take trade after trade only to endure long periods with no winners and wait for that one or two per year that make up for all the rest.

Your idea may be the lowest risk way to catch the few good trends that occur and provide the greatest profit when they do.

Have you been able to do any backtesting on which method would be the best overall? I assume that since October of '08 that trend following would be, but during more "normal" periods (if there is such a thing)?

What are your thoughts on trailing stops and re-entry? That type thing.

Thanks,

PistolDave

--- 帖子 #739 ---
[quote=llambert3;2448264]I have backtested current live trades according to IBFX and what I consider the swing high/low for the stop. They are:

I will buy/sell at the close of each candle.. No waiting on retracing despite sometimes bad r:r. Once the pips get to 85% of ATR, I will set the trade to +1 or whatever to offset any negative rollover interest. I will have no TP, but trail on the entire lots entered. There will be a lot of b/e trades, but sometimes the trend goes enough to cover all missed trades and more.

Hi llambert

What is your method of trailing in these tests? 10 pips above/below the last closed bar or any othe way?

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Can we have a long set up on EURUSD later?

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Sell: EUR/CHF

USD/CHF

Buy: EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #742 ---
I will give it till 9pm ..

all looks good on the thread

Paulus

'An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind'.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Hey PistolDave,

The trailing produced more pips on ucad for the 2 years. I get 2,195 pips trailing and 949 not, but here's the thing... January 2008 to September 2008 I was down 780 pips. On October 15th trade I net 759 then on 11/5 I net 1050. That same period not trailing produced -302 pips and then I get 357 and 388 after... so the way I see this method is more of a long term investing... sort of like a 401k plan where you can't take a monthly income off of it until the end. You either 1) take the profits and run each trade or 2) trail the profits each day, and then at the end of the year you cash out your profits.. which if you had enough money could be a yearly income, but... In other words, it sometimes takes an entire year to profit.

The other thing is on the live trades I mentioned all of them failed but usd/cad and that was only because I put my stop above the swing high I considered. Stupid EJ hit the stop within pips and ran up, though it has not won yet either so it could still tank. So it is very frustrating to have 4 out of 5 lose at roughly the same time, but again if it is an investment, then it isn't so bad... i mean if you are in the usa, look at your 401k account this past year.

The only other thing I noticed, which seems often, except when the price is sitting for days and days, is that when the trades fail, they seem to go enough in the reverse to cover your losses should you "stop and reverse". The recent trades eur/gbp, usd/jpy, and gbp/usd all did. So I was thinking let's say you did 1 lot on each signal, then if you stop and reverse 1 lot to capture the pips lost... I will have to backtest this more and determine where the stop on that would be should it not go that way either... obviously you are double risking at that point too in that you may lose twice. EJ is one that would've not worked so far.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
[quote=howard;2454029]
Hey Howard, yes that is what I did.. 10 pips above/below the last candle. Now sometimes on ucad it went 20 or 30 then continued its merry way and even more pips could be had, which sucks.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Here is what I show upcoming today on ibfx so far for all pairs except some nzd crosses that are new to ibfx and don't have enough data:

long aud/cad (don't like this pair really)

long chf/jpy

short eur/chf

short usd/chf

I can't for the sake of me see why the indicator removed the arrow on eur/usd. My stochs and cci look right. It had it there, but now the blue dot and arrow are both gone. The only thing I can see is for some reason my stochs from 1/4/09 to today are pointed up as if there was no recent uptick. I am pretty sure this did not look this way last night.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
I just looked at the following 3 pairs: EURUSD, USDCHF and EURCHF, so I got these figures:

USDCHF: short around 1.1015, tgt +279 pips, stp 1.1285

EURCHF: short around 1.5021, tgt +198 pips, stp 1.5155

EURUSD: long around 1.3630, tgt +304 pips, stp 1.3300

I am newbie to this strategy, so if somebody can comment my figures, I would appreciate.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
I am a newbie too. This is my first trading day with this system.

I use an Alpari UK demo account.

Yesterday I did not have any signal.

Today I opened two positions:

EURUSD buy @ 1.36045, sl 1.33110, tp 1.39050

EURCHF sell @ 1.50235, sl 1.51420, tp 1.50275

No USDCHF or any other signals on Alpari.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Almandine

What time are you taking your positions ?

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Hi Paulus,

the two positions were taken at 21:16 and 21:18 yesterday. I am GMT + 1.

I do something wrong?

Oops: USDCHF was accidentally left on 15M... Switched back to 1D and the signal is there...

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Hi no thats fine

9pm UK time is the earliest you want to take them...

All looks good to me

Dont forget your money management though

P

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Paulus,

if you take your positions at 21h00 GMT, should be 22h00 CET if I am correct?

I am based on the continent, so I looked at my chart at 22h00 and that is the same time as Equity market closing in the US.

Thanks for the help

--- 帖子 #752 ---
the aud/cad dissapeared by eod... the gbp/chf was added. both the gbp/chf and chf/jpy lost and along with the eur/jpy had you stopped and reversed would not have lost money as you would've regained those pips. The gbp/chf had a tight stop and was really good r:r

So far since I went demo live I've had 1 win and 6 losses. Not too encouraging but over time should work out hopefully. And all of the 6 losses could be at 0 pips had I stopped and reversed.

Current live trades are:

sell eur/chf

buy usd/chf

ibfx never showed the arrow again on eur/usd.. good thing as its close to failing too.. Looks like when the trends are undecided they all may fail together and when they are decided they win together.. Let's hope something changes!

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Since Nov 5th I've taken 35 trades - winning percentage is down to 54 percent.  Only one winner out of the last 8 trades for me.  Four I entered Sunday night and all were losers.  I haven't studied the ATR values but it seems to me like they are decreasing.  Best to all, Lynn

--- 帖子 #754 ---
stick with it .. use your money management

Paulus

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Hi lbhales,

I suggest backtesting the pairs mentioned in this thread and you will see that there is the potential for some extended periods of drawdown possible, even though over a longer period it should be profitable.

You have to take a longer term view on profitability for this system.

I'm also wondering if there is any possible way to determine beforehand which trades are more likely to be winners than losers in this system.

I would like to hear about any possible ideas anyone may have on identifying and filtering out the lower probability trades, which should increase the hitrate and increase the overall profitability of the system.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
I found, just like the others on here, waiting for a break of the high/low of the signal bar prevented a lot of losses, but then where do you enter without increasing risk and lowering the tp?

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Back testing is redundant, as been pointed out by gtrade. There are issues with it that affect the results. The only way is to forward test on a demo or live account!

Plus you have to look at the results over a longer period not just what it made that week etc.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Yes law

Agree this eod system like most eod system is designed to build finds up over a longer term..hence do not look at weekly results more 3monthly results..

I look at a 3-5year plan for eod systems

Paulus

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Hi

I have entered three trades since the first full trading week of 2009.

I wanted to post them so you can see the results.

One winner, one loser, and the jury is still out on the third.

The winner:

--- 帖子 #760 ---
The first chart is the EUR/USD. It was stopped out with help from the NFP report last Friday. It looked doubtful from the beginning, since price was dropping out of a two week range sitting right on top of the 200 ema. But if you want to trade the system you have to go by the rules.

The second one is still an open trade. The USD/CHF looks to be poised for a potential breakout of the ascending triangle at the 200 ema. If it gets through the latest swing high at 1.1275 then I'm out. At this point it doesn't look promising.

If the CHF gets stopped out, it will still be about breakeven for the total on the three trades.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Well, it looks like the Swissy fell out on me too.

Some will, some won't...... Next.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Did you take the 2nd signal on swissy, after your first signal failed ?

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Hi dave

I was just looking thru the old posts and noticed your formula for cal lot sizes.  What is the 10 multiplier ((pips risk x 10) )

thanks

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Paulus,

Without trying to destory the system you have presented here, what if you make this one change...Keep all you rules as you have them, except instead of CCI to determine trade direction, use an EMA "ribbon." On my attached chart I have 6 emas 30,35,40,45,50 & 55. 30 is green, 55 is red and the rest are blue. When red is on top we take shorts only, when green is on top we take longs only. When the "strings" are bunched together we do nothing. We only trade when the trend is well established as evidenced by the "strings" being well spread. This change seems to let you in on some good trades that would have been filtered out by the CCI being on the wrong side of the 0 line. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Its looks very good BUT can we make a mechanical decision on the 'look' of the EMA lines..

This has to be mechanical esp if traded with an EA

Il take a look and see what comes up

I can see when they bunch the ema are catching up with one another due to the lack of volatility in the market and could be a prelude to lack of trend and or side ways move creeping in ..its a very good guide we may be able to get some thing mechanical from it

Thanks for posting

Paulus

--- 帖子 #766 ---
There are quite a few signals showing right now and some large candles.  Anybody going to take any of the trades?  Lynn

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hi Lynn

I have been looking at my charts tonight and there are some signals. However as you say some of them have very large stops. Some are still only just forming on my charts.

The system seems to be going through a cold period at the moment as I have yet to have a winning setup this year on my pairs (thankfully I am still at the paper-trading stage). I would be very cautious about getting into trades too soon today because we are coming off a bank holiday in the US and it is inauguration day tomorrow in the US. The whole market could be looking to see what is really going to happen over the next few days and therefore I am only trading with small stops.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #768 ---
took EURGBP

yes when trends end and turn market goes into consolidation and signal will still fire.

No mechanical system can trade both trends and oscillating and also identify when we are in side ways movement.

Thats why fund managers book their 5% growth and stop for the year they wont risk the gains being lost for their clients lols

By gaining 10% a month or 100% a year we would be outperforming the best fund and fund managers in the professional world

This system made around 40% last month

hey ho

P

--- 帖子 #769 ---
I have been taking every trade signal that shows up.

This month, until now, I am -$182 in the red.

If I closed out all the open positions I'm holding right now I would be back in black +$740.

I'm risking 3% per trade. So I will take trades with a stop of 700 pips or more sometimes because I can define my loss that way. That means the lot size is microscopic sometimes. (As low as 0.03 lot on some trades.) So those times the amount of the win is very small too. But they all add up over time.

Except for a daily trending system I'm working on now that I'm not finished testing this is the most profitable system I have used on the daily TF so far.

I'm hoping when the big "O" gets in office things will settle down and trends will begin again.

Good trading,

PistolDave

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hi guys,

Was that a valid signal for a short(highlighted with blue vertical line) ?  I have only just finished reading the whole thread. Have attached the above chart to verify whether I am correctly identifying the signals.

Paulus, many thanks for this wonderful thread and to the other contributors too.

Regards,

Bakuli

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Was that another valid short (highlighted with blue vertical line) ?  If it was a valid trade, the TP has already been reached.

Many thanks.

Bakuli

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hi Paulus

And the final chart from me to confirm if it's a valid short signal from my understanding of the method.  Is the stoch ticking down or moving down in the above chart ?  If it's moving down, does that invalidate the short signal ?

Thanks for your time,

Bakuli

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Hi Bakuli.

Quite rude of me to answer ahead of Paulus, but I'll answer you first and he may kick my butt later.

They were all valid trades. You are correct.

On the U/J -- it had ticked down at the close of the signal candle just like the others.

Interesting to see what happened on the G/J. It has basically dropped like a rock since the open. That's why we need to enter at the open of the candle after the signal candle. I won't happen like this one very often; in fact sometimes it works out in your favor to wait for a few hours for a retracement and you get in at a better price -- sometimes.

I try to enter at the open and let the chips fall where they may.

Personally, on this one I waited until price broke through support at 128.75 before I entered short, since it was so close and was a major support level. I picked up a quick 340 pips on that one.

If you see earlier in the day of the signal candle (say 2-4 hours before the end of the day) that it is definitely going to give you a signal, then you can enter early. Might get you a few more pips sometimes.

Hope that makes it a little clearer for you.

-----------------

....  Hit TP on GBP/JPY, GBP/USD, and GBP/CHF so far today.  .....

.

.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
I ended up taking 7 out of the 8 signals last night that were shown on IBFX.  The one I didn't I actually take I put in a retracement limit order on just because the signal candle was so long.  Wrong guess in this case.

Anyway they all decided to continue moving in the right direction and we've got lots more pips in the bank.  These trades will help my overall statistics and equity curve.  Like usual I have a hard time letting trades that have already moved well towards the TP but seem to be stalling at technical resistance point run to one end or another. I'm quick to bank the profit.  I also tighten my SL's after a good move towards the TP.  I hope to get tough enough to just use the straight Paulus rules versus my more conserative override and variable ones I use in the heat of the battle.

Thanks Paulus for sharing!  Paulus are you still trading your Traffic Lights system? Regards Lynn

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Thanks PistolDave for the confirmations.  Mighty kind of you.

Regards,

Bakuli

--- 帖子 #776 ---
No problem here PD

Dont forget whats happening atm in the big wide world ..major fundamental moves are taking place due to the credit crunch and collapse of several banking institutions

Indicators lag but MM will keep you say thats the most important thing

P

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Hit TP on four more pairs since yesterday. That makes 7 for 10 of the trades that were successful in the last three days. The other three trades add up to about even right now.

Very nice run. No doubt this is the system to use in high volatility markets like these.

Thanks Paulus.

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Have someone back tested the EA on different pairs?

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Thanks Paulus for sharing your exciting system.

I use IBFX where the daily candle ticks over at 0000 GMT. Where I am we are 9 hours ahead of GMT so the new daily chart starts at 9am, do you think that is a good time to check the charts for signals. It sure suits me.

My testing on demo so far would tend to indicate that it is. I would value your opinion though.

regards

deefar

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Hi

Idealy you need to be at least 12- 15 hrs into the daily candle..

But as your 9 hrs ahead of us which puts my day end at roughly your 9am I cant see any reason why you shouldn't trade at that time

I get slightly confused with traders all round the world trading in diff time zones..if your trading on a new candle at 9am then its not a good idea you may have to trade on the candle you see on your chart not what yopu think mine is looking like

In which case we are back to 9pm in your time zone for trading the system

Sorry sounds like i havnt been much help

If it was me id trade when my own personal daily candle had been open for at least 12 - 15 hours

paulus

--- 帖子 #781 ---
deefar, you would use the canldes just as I use them. It is 7pm my time when the daily candle closes... this is well into the day for me obviously.. it just so happens to be 9am your time.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
I have not as yet backtested the pairs with the EA, but thanks for mentioning it. I will try to do it today. It's slow going. I'll post the results later.

I have backtested manually. I'll post the results of that too, compared to the results of the EA.

Does anyone know if the EOD_EA will actually place the trades, SL's, and TP's for you, or is it just for testing?

As you can tell I have not actually ever used it until now.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Looks like a couple of signals may be present at the end of the day.  What are you all seeing? Lynn

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Hi Lynn

Hope all is well...

No new signals for me last night....

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Based upon the EA I'm showing the following signals on IBFX:

sell euraud

sell nzdusd

sell eurcad

sell eurusd

buy usdchf

Lynn

--- 帖子 #786 ---
eurusd short 1.3152

usdchf long 1.1527

a number of others look possible for today

Paul

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Took all those same trades too, Lynn. Got the signal one day earlier on EURAUD and it was profitable.

So far the rest look good.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
CADJPY short 73.402

EURJPY short 116.621

EURCHF short 1.49460

AUDUSD short 0.65211

USDCHF long 1.15325

--- 帖子 #789 ---
some nice moves recently hope you all gained some pips

Paulus

--- 帖子 #790 ---
is it possible to get the atr in pips indicator without displaying the atr value in the main chart ? this disabled/handicaped the advice of my order managing ea...

regards and thank you for your help

thanks @ Paulus for his work and his words concerning his tradingstyle

sten

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Sorry sten cant do that.. perhaps one of the guys here can alter it for you

2 signals tonight GBPJPY sell,GBPUSD Sell both in profit

Cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #792 ---
not sure what you are asking regarding the atr, but you mean just not in the price chart...

I drag it to one of the indicator windows, turn off the colored line, and it just displays there next to the title of the indicator in that window, as well as in the data window display.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Just an update to the Paulus EOD community.  I've had 67 percent winners since I started trading at the beginning of November.  37 winners and 19 losers.  Up a total of 3700 pips.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
hey lynn are you filtering the trades or taking them all as paulus presented?

Are you trading all pairs? Oh and are you trailing or protecting profits? 100% atr? Sorry just trying to get an idea how you are doing it.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Hi llambert3. I've done no backtesting like some of the others have here. Because of this I don't have good statistics to drive my trading of the basic strategy so I'm not using a hard and fast set of rules but I'll try to describe what I've been doing.  Because of the relatively few trades per year the statistics I've seen don't give me a lot of confidence so I'm real jumpy.

1.I'm using the EA with IBFX and start looking at the trading signals between 3 and 5 pm mountain time.  IBFX's candles close at 5 pm mountain time.

2. I open positions around 5 pm when I'm at the computer or up to 7 pm if I'm not.  Much past 7 I'm not comfortable opening the trade.

3. I've almost always just opened a market order rather than putting in a limit order at some retracement level.

4. I use 100% of the 5 day ATR.

5. I use the SL as identified by the EA.

6. I open the trade and then enter the SL and TP.

7. In the morning I look at the performance during the night, if they are profitable for the first couple of days I just watch and change the SL to about half the orignal value.

8. In the morning if the performance during the night has been negative then I usually leave it alone for a couple of days.  If the profit is still negative after a couple of days I will often close the trade for a smaller loss than the original SL value.

9.  I don't trade USDCAD anymore because PistolDave backtested the pairs and determined is wasn't profitable.

10. I always look at the price action of the signaled pair.  I am very cautious about opening a position when the TP value has to penatrate a resistance level. I will sometimes pass on this type of signal.

11. It seems that signals occur in groups as many as eight or so.  If I open such a large number and I hit the TP on quite a few I start to get real nervous about leaving the remainder open and will look at the price action again and will close for smaller gains if it looks like the price is stalling out or reversing.  This is where I'll also close out positions that are currently negative.  I want the whole batch of trades to be positive overall.

12. I've opened trades on after the short candle that IBFX gives on Sunday but this hasn't worked out very well so I'm ignoring these now.

So in summary, I try to just trade the original strategy but have problems doing so.  Often times the SL amount is greater than the TP value so I will start at the original SL but will like to reduce it at time goes on.  In general I don't like to ever take a loss once the trade has become profitable.

Hope my comments help. Lynn

--- 帖子 #796 ---
thank you - that solve the problem

regards

sten

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Thanks Lynn...I understand what you are saying.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Anyone see anything for today? I didn't...

--- 帖子 #799 ---
nothing here

paulus

--- 帖子 #800 ---
@ Paulus and all the other

did you ever checked, which pairs are more profitable than the other ? to trade all 19 currencys is like hunting a mouse with a big shotgun in my mind and the "better" pairs adjust the "bad" pairs...

regards and thanks for the great work here in the thread

Sten

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Hi Sten...not in a investigative way

the worry about what trades well today is that if fundamentals change they may well go from being good to trade to bad..

It is a shot gun effect but with money management we should win overall..

If you have taken USDCAD for the last 3 signals and all fail I can see the logic of not trading it but some argue you are closer now you have had 3 losers to a winner..

Its a difficult one and if you have any data on it would be welcome to post here

cheers

paul

--- 帖子 #802 ---
I'm seeing these two signals on IFBX.  buy GBPCHF and a sell of EURCAD.  Both make me a little nervous because of historical resistance in the are of both trades.  Anybody got any thoughts. Thanks, Lynn

--- 帖子 #803 ---
I see the same 2... it seems to me we just take them and hope for the best??

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Yea, I decided to take them. Lynn

--- 帖子 #805 ---
On the GBP/CHF, I thought stoch had to be below 50 and ticking up for a valid signal?

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Stoch only made it down to 50.4491 on my chart on this one, so not a valid signal according to the rules. Data feeds may vary, though.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
interesting... you are right in that the stoch didn't go below 50 and tick up..

oh i see.. yes it did.. went to 49.33... I am losing it.. but yes quite close.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
On my IBFX the stochastic got to  49.25.  Not a level that you would normally associated with being oversold but still ok by the initial basic rules.  Price action plus the resistances don't look good to me but we'll see if I get a winner or loser on this one. Regards to all, Lynn

--- 帖子 #809 ---
little question to the exit ( i read the whole thread, but my english is not the best...)  - first profit target is the atr/5days for the half position and the other half is running until what ? or is the first profittarget the half of the 5 days atr and the second profittarget is the 5 day atr ?

sorry for this beginnerquestion, but i dont find the clear answer in the thread (or i dont understand the explanation in the thread...)

regards

Sten

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Hi Sten

On the basic rules on this thread you take the whole position off when 5 day ATr is hit..

I did trade for 6months closing out 50% and bringing the stop to break even and let the rest run by using a 3 day trailing stop which was excellent but on checking back you would of made more by closing all....

Only a couple ran into the hundreds and hundreds of pips

Paulus

--- 帖子 #811 ---
thank you for the explanation - now i understand it... i was in doubt about the second part of the trade...

regards

sten

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Hello all. I`m not a regular contributor to this thread but an ardent user of Paulus`s EOD and Diesel`s indicator.

I am using IBFX demo to test it and thursday 5/2/09 I had 4 signals at 2300GMT     eur/us   short   50 pips  up atm

gbp/us  short    stopped out

us/chf   long     90 pips  up atm

gbp/chf  long    Hit target  330 pips

Did you all get these same signals, I ask because there seems to be some variation in them from PC to PC certainly with brokers although with a 24 hour TF you`d think it would all even out.

Cheers

deefar

--- 帖子 #813 ---
my eur/cad almost hit the tp I was using.. gbp/chf hit the tp.

Tonight I show

buy usd/chf

short eur/usd

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Here you can find the current results of my Alpari UK demo account (no money management yet), where Paulus' EOD system is being tested since 2nd January 2009:
http://fxtest.mt4stats.com/

The page refreshes when I check the account, which is usually at the end of the day CET.

I think it would be useful if we compare our results. www.mt4stats.com is a new free service and easy to set up. The statements are published without the account number and name, so privacy is assured even if the account is live.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
I see that one of your losses is 341$, which equals to approx 20%. What kind of MM are you using?

--- 帖子 #816 ---
I wrote in my previous post that 'no money management yet'  When I just start testing and learning a system, I do not use money management, and usually every trade is 0.1 or 1 lot. It is because I test quite a few systems and don't have too much time and it is simpler. If a system looks like promising, and I feel I have learnt how to use it, then after a while I may start a new demo account with proper money management.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Hi, may I ask you which EA are you using?

--- 帖子 #818 ---
I just finished reading the entire thread.  Thank you Paulus, Dezil and everyone else who contributed to this system.

As we approach the closing candle for today, are there any valid signals of trades to take?  I want to make sure I'm on the same page.

Thanks for the help.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Hi

I have

audusd sell

usdcad buy

eurjpy sell

eurchf sell

eurusd sell all taken 9pm this evening

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Thank you for the response Paulus,

Perhaps you can clear up a bit of confusion for me...the attached chart for USDCAD shows CCI above zero and Stoch below 50 (Buy Signal), but the Stoch looks like it's a continuation of a move up, not a "tick" up. Shouldn't the signal be a "tick up" in the Stoch and not a continuation?

--- 帖子 #821 ---
One more question...

The attached chart for CHFJPY seems to be a valid setup? Just curious why it wasn't on your list. Am I reading something incorrectly?

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Damn, yesterday I forgot to check this system

No new trade today.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I think it is valid. CHFJPY is not amongst the original EOD pairs, I do not trade it, maybe nor Paulus.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Would someone not using IBFX please tell me what price the Eur/Usd dropped to before rallying a few hours ago.

My IBFX chart showed  !.2709.  You can`t trust any brokers in these troubled times.

Deefar

--- 帖子 #825 ---
1.2709??? I have ibfx and my low for the day is 1.2721

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Thanks LLambert these anomalies are hard to explain but we must live with it if we are to trade currencies.

deefar.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
except I would not live with that. If you have ibfx live account and it went that much lower than my ibfx account, then it sounds fishy to me.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Its not a live a/c just demo. I have contacted their support and am awaiting a response. Very strange.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
You aren't saying that a "broker" would try to screw you, now are you?

I've never seen that happen.

--------------

I'm seeing possible setups on the following:

eurgbp
euraud
gbpjpy
gbpchf

--- 帖子 #830 ---
ha ha.. no they surely wouldn't screw us would they???

Here are IBFX setups

usd/jpy buy

gbp/jpy buy

gbp/chf buy

eur/cad sell

eur/gbp sell

Current trades:

aud/usd sell

usd/chf buy

eur/chf sell

aud/nzd buy

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Here are IBFX setups

usd/jpy buy

gbp/jpy buy

gbp/chf buy

eur/cad sell

eur/gbp sell

Current trades:

aud/usd sell

usd/chf buy

eur/chf sell

aud/nzd buy[/quote]

With respect to Friday's market close, and the qualifying entries, do we place orders at market open on Sunday evening?  I apologize if this question was previously answered.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Sorry...I reread the posts and found my answer...Friday entries.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
hi bocat

where did u find the answer about friday ? witch post

thanks

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Yes, but when I backtested I had to have a fixed price, so I used the next day's open, so I will take those trades on Sunday open, gap or not.

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Why don't you consider the Friday close a fixed price as well as the Sunday open price? You would avoid that gap by using the Friday close price. However, I am assuming you are choosing the Sunday open because the Friday close prevents you from placing relevant orders until Sunday. So...why not place those orders sometime during the last open market hour on Friday when you still have enough time to submit your orders? After all, Paulus transacts his business 3 hours prior to the close.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
I can't believe I missed seeing this on my first read. Unfortunately I didn't notate the post number when I reread it.. It was fairly early on in the thread...so please check Paulus's posts. Since Paulus transacts business 3 hours prior to close, he would have ample opportunity to place his trades on Friday. Also, his results should be more consistent since he uses the same time frame for entries for the rest of the week and thus also avoids the weekend gap in prices.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Well I just used the open price after the signal is all, plus I don't like keeping trades open over the weekend, even if doing so would hit the tp based on friday close.. It is just something I didn't do, not saying you can't do it, just saying what I will be doing. This system just wins more pips than it loses in the long run, but it quite often has losers.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
yes the losers are there thats why MM is so important with this and many other strategies...I never worry about the open after the Friday.

I try to make it as clear and as clean as possible with no subjectivity at all over the signals.

As long as I employ my MM correctly I know my account will grow.

Paulus

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Hello Paulus i have read all thread and learn a lot i just wanna ask you how long does you use this system

--- 帖子 #840 ---
I'm would like to clarify the Stoch rule for trading the second day.

EG: On the first day, CCI is positive, The stoch was below 50 and has ticked up, but the candle is closing lower than the open, so no long trade.

On the next day, CCI is still positive, and the candle is now closing higher than the open.  It's a possible long trade, but what do we need the stoch to do?  Be even higher than the day before?  What if the stoch value is now quite high (>80%) ? Or what if it's now ticked back down? Or, once it's ticked up once from under 50, that's good enough to last two days?

Any clarification welcome.

Cheers

El Choco

--- 帖子 #841 ---
its seem u like u talk about filteration.. which is good ..

so could u please post picture to present your idea clearly..

thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
OK,

Here's two pics from GBP last year. In both, the CCI is above 0 and the stoch is below 50%, so we're looking for a long trade.

The first pic shows a "no long trade" at A due to falling candle direction. At B, the candle is rising, and so is the stoch, so that stochB > stochA. I would expect to enter this trade.

The second pic also has a "no long trade" at C due to falling candle direction. At "D", the candle is again rising but this time the stoch has fallen back, so that stoch D < Stoch C. Do I enter this??

If the answer is no, then as a programmer, there is no second trading day rule. We can just treat the "second day" like any other day ie for a long trade, today's stoch just has to be higher than yesterday's stoch (which had to be less than 50).

Hope this makes sense. My first ever EA is on the way!!!!

PS: Ignore today's CCI values in the screen messages.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
I am not sure what you mean because you say CCI is above 0, but it looks to be below 0? Since the value on your chart is -31 already and the lines are still low (on the top chart)??

Anyway, that filter of Paulus I completely forgot about. On IBFX last week aud/cad showed a red arrow and by 7pm it was gone and I took the short anyway. It was because the candle closed green. I got lucky that it went to my tp.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Did you just add that P.S.???

--- 帖子 #845 ---
The PS came pretty soon after i uploaded the pics... but no pasa nada!

As far as I can tell we can just treat day2 as another day1. It makes programming one level easier. Actually it was quite hard to find an example!

If I get some more confirmation from others on the thread i'll post the EA.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
First i aprecciat that u post picture.. but i am sorry to say still at least for me .. the point of Filterition  still not clear

could u post pic on Cnadle Chart and also EOD template which red ,blue circle and arrows are appeare as a signal

then you can tell us this signal should not take becase ...........................

by that i think Filterition will be very clear explained.

i am sorry for ask from u again and again.

thanx in advance

--- 帖子 #847 ---
One thing I didn't notice is that I usually ignore the trades if both the stoch and cci cross back up above the line at the same time. Usd/jpy and gbp/jpy both did this. I had already entered the usd/jpy, but I am not doing the gbp/jpy, otherwise I would not have taken either of them.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Now that the markets are open and I can test the EA I realise it's not taking any trades at all ! And I was so proud of myself.

I've been searching for the error(s) all night.  Back to the drawing board I think.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
well I'm still proud of you elchoco

--- 帖子 #850 ---
That was such a kind thought !!!  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Paulus,

You have proliferated a large number of threads. Would you share with us which ones you currently trade and are in profit? I very much like EOD, but I am curious as to the status of EOD - 1 Day Hold, Traffic Lights and some of your other strategies.

Many thanks,

Bob

--- 帖子 #852 ---
It's about 1/2 hour before the new daily candle. The only trade I can discern is a Buy on the USD/CHF.  I entered a market trade @ 1.1701

Has anyone found another pair to trade?

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Did you not have the eur/jpy? Here are mine

usd/jpy buy

gbp/chf buy

eur/cad sell

eur/gbp sell (hit tp)

aud/usd sell (hit tp)

usd/chf buy

eur/chf sell (hit tp)

aud/nzd buy

Today's trades

eur/jpy sell

--- 帖子 #854 ---
The Signal indicated a long on the gbp/chf this am 2340 gmt but the CCI was below the 0 line

The EA opened a trade long at 1.6659.

There was a valid signal on the eur/jpy entered short @116.21 as did the EA

It seems that any backtesting using the EA might be flawed due to invalid signals.

I will always check the indicators before opening a live position.

I am running the EA on an IBFX demo a/c and manually on an IBFX live mini a/c with a 2% risk.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
There is an EA for this?

--- 帖子 #856 ---
could anyone help me out as far as adding any of the indicators/attachments to my metatrader program, thanks so much and good luck

--- 帖子 #857 ---
llambert3,

Thanks for providing your trades.  Much appreciated...I overlooked EJ.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Hi llambert3, you can get the EA made by Dezil on page 9 post 124.

Good luck.

deefar

--- 帖子 #859 ---
jkrick33 you can access these attachments by left clicking and saving to desktop.

Open c: program files: (your trading platform and a/c you want the files in)

experts: indicators.

Then simply drag the downloaded files on your desk top , indicators to indicator folder, the EA to Experts folder.

Close your platform and restart. You should then find the files in your navigator, just remember the names of them so you can identify them in the navigator.

deefar

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Another UK resident here from sunny South Wales! Thanks Paulus for this amazing method and Dezil for the awesome indicator and the other guys for their enthusiasm in testing. I stayed up till 5-30 am reading the whole thread!

I love the idea of the system, a sound S/L tucked away behind ther last swing low/high and atr values for the stop.

The only question I have for you Paulus is are you still using 70% of a 5 ATR period as your TP, or if not what are you using currently?

I love the idea of :

a) actually finding a profitable method

b) the method is on the daily and easy to manage with just twenty minutes order setting at 9pm each night

c) As its a simple manual system it means that we in the UK can use spread betting and therefore pay no tax on any winnings we make - outstanding!

Many, many thanks for this, excited to set this up and trade for the coming Months.

Best wishes and many pips to all,

Cal

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Here are the closed trades I have had since Jan. 22.

IBFX demo account.

I also have open positions now up about $920 in addition to the trades shown. Everything is going very well so far.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
great there. I have been live at 1 penny since 2/1... I have not yet taken the time to determine whether it be 1 penny or 3 pennies based on MM, etc.. I did do the MM on demo though.. but so far I am up on the pennies despite taking some big pip losses.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
I've been thinking about Entry and TP Options.

1) So Paulus has shown through forward testing that when the correct signal is seen as per the rules that an entry at market price, a S/L set at the most recent swing high/low and a TP of a 5 period ATR that the TP is hit about 4 times out of five.

2) Also to give a better RR ratio, some have been trialling limit orders set below market price for long entries and above market price for short entries. This means that if a pull back hits the order the s/l is a smaller pip value, the distance to TP is the same but more likely to be hit so a better risk to reward ratio.

3) A third option occurs to me that would incur more risk than entry type 2, but yield more profit - it would be to use the limit order type entry, say at 20% pull back of the  entry signal candle, but to set the TP at the 5 atr point if we had entered at market price. Would this yield us 20% more profit?

I was wondering what people thought of option 3, have i forgottent to take something into account??

Cheers,

Cal

--- 帖子 #864 ---
It is a valid option.

It will yield more profit if you get there but not necessarily 20%.

However you will get to your target in a longer period of time with the risk of market turning back.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Yes I just put 20% in for instance , Ithink others have been trialling bigger retraces than that or I may be mistaken.

I'll start trialling several of these methods on different mt4 platforms to try and compare the differences over the next Month or so.

I'll post results weekly, hopefully mostly positive ones!

Mucho excited about this

--- 帖子 #866 ---
I have looked at the retraces and it varies a great deal between pairs. I have not found that using a retracement percentage is reliable enough at all.

For the pairs that I have looked at the retrace values are as follows:

GBPUSD - 50 pips

NZDUSD - 20 pips

EURJPY - 35 pips

EURUSD - 35 pips

USDJPY - 40 pips

GBPCHF - 30 pips

USDCHF - 20 pips

GBPJPY - 50 pips

The benefit I find is that not only is the TP increased but the SL is reduced, thereby helping the MM and allowing a larger stake to be used. You should be exposed to the market for a shorter period of time than with the standard entry if the retrace is triggered.

The method appears to work however it does require a large initial pot if you only risk 3% per trade and even more if you have multiple trades open. I have also found that the results will vary depending on the time of your server, so results will vary a lot.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Thanks for that. It's annoying as I have a live account with IBFX but they're really rubbish these days for requotes and trading context busy to steal more pips here and there so I'll demo with alpari for a while I think as Paulus does well using theyre signals. Its just annoying getting used to the ridiculous 5 dp system, as if the extra decimal can be for anything except another way to scam off an extra few cents of the poor traders.

If I take it live I'll use one of the spread betters Paulus mentioned earlier in the thread.

From your look into the retrace data maybe I'll just try a blankets limit order about ten pips from market - a little extra gain, but close enough to ensure the trade is likely to be entered?

I guess trying it out is the only way to see.

Thanks Mr ED, couldnt see any valid signals tonight, will have a look again tomorrow, I'll try the 9 pm signals like Paulus.

Cheers,

Cal

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Red is new since I last posted

usd/jpy buy (hit tp)
gbp/chf buy (hit tp)

eur/cad sell

eur/gbp sell (hit tp)

aud/usd sell (hit tp)
usd/chf buy (hit tp)

eur/chf sell (hit tp)

aud/nzd buy
eur/jpy sell (hit stop)

--- 帖子 #869 ---
only new trade is an EurJpy buy, after the sell that just failed, but the cci is crossing up today with the stoch pointing up, so I usually ignore these. But the usd/jpy and gbp/jpy both did this and were great trades, so I'll keep monitoring this.

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Hi Folks,

nice and promising system... I will test it from the next week, real account, mini-micro lots, 3% risk per trade... all the before mentioned pairs, except USDCAD... will post setups and results, if anybody cares...

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Right now mine is showing stoch way over 50, wouldn't that eliminate a eur/jpy buy no matter where cci is?  Just making sure I am not missing something.  I feel you on the gbp/jpy signal this week, I got in but I got out early (still up) because it was tinkering above and below 0.00.

I am actually watching closely for a sell, I am sitting at this moment with cci below 0 (barely) and stoch at 70 barely pointing down.  anyone else see this?  I know the day isn't over but that's how it is for me right now.  I am seeing something similar in chf/jpy.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
UAFX

We care mate dont worry about that please feel free to post

Paulus

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Well on IBFX the CCI was under 0 and the stoch was under 50... at the end of day Thursday (7pm est) the stoch ticked up and the cci ended above 0, which caused an arrow to show up.. (the indicator assumed cci was above 0, stoch was below 50 and ticked up).. so this is why I ignore it, but who knows really if this is valid thinking on my part. We'll see how the EJ ends...

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Thank you for sharing this system with us. Can you tell me, do you trade the signals off the small sunday candles? Seems like alot of those are loosers because of the gap factor. Thanks much

--- 帖子 #875 ---
I ignore the Sunday candle when it makes a signal.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
hi llambert

for  sure you understand this strategy more than i do . i m backtesting this strategy since 2002 .

i would like to know why the EA  didnt take the last signal long  you see in the  chart attached ? as i can see it is a valid signal the stochastic tic up and  cci above 0  and candle is green . is it the EA not OK or i am missing something ?

my second question to you is when u take your trade as i understood from Paulus at the  beginning of this thread  he take his trade  by the end of the day arround 9 GMT after all the signs lign up .  what about you and when u enter your trades .

and i would be greatful if you keep posting your trades like this  we can follow  you, discuss it and learn .

regards

thanks

--- 帖子 #877 ---
hi samer, well first I didn't even realize there was an EA until recently, and 2nd I wouldn't use the EA because sometimes the arrows show up on Sunday bars and sometimes like I mentioned for the usd/jpy and gbp/jpy a few posts back. So I am entering all of my trades manually at roughly 7pm EST or 0:00gmt... I will keep updating the trades here.. heck I am running 3 different (almost 4) systems maybe I need a journal of my own.. lol

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Thanks llambert3. Taking a trade on a very long candle probably reduces your chance of a win also.

--- 帖子 #879 ---
hi again

i need a clarification please , lets say the indicators line up  during the day like 1 pm GMT  , do you enter  or you wait  for 00.00 GMT  to enter or u enter right away ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Can anyone explain why the "ATR in Pips" goes haywire on Gold and Silver? The numbers are huge and make no sense. It works fine on all the other pairs. Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
@ Paulus - do you know a good spreadbetting broker which hav forex with lot's like 0.01 ? tradefair have only 1pip = 1$ ...

thanks for your help

regards

Sten

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hi all,

I have been looking at this strategy and made the attached indicator to assist with back/forward testing of this strategy.

The indicator is not 100% complete but some might find it helpful as it shows the areas where signals were generated.

Quick overview:

a) The line on the indicator is the stochastic main line,

b) The signal line may be turned on in the settings if required,

c) The squares on the 50 line indicated the 40 CCI i.e. blu if CCI is above 0 and red if CCI is below 0,

d) Little round blue/red dots on stochastic line is the signals as per strategy.

Colours etc. may be changed in the settings of the indicator.

Regards

--- 帖子 #883 ---
No, even Paulus says wait to as close as the end of day as possible to enter. Sometimes the indicators line up and are gone by end of day. I had an aud/cad trade that lined up 5 minutes until 7pm est and by 7 the price ran up to where it was a no trade.. but I didn't realize why the arrow left until after I entered.. but if I was doing this like Paulus I would enter around 6:45pm anyway (using ibfx as he enters just before 5pm est) so I let it be.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Thanks, I'll check it out.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Is anyone else seeing a setup for NZD/JPY and AUD/JPY?  NZD/JPY is looking like a strong signal to me, thursday was a doji on my platform and friday was a red candle with the stoch pointing down.

Anyone?

--- 帖子 #886 ---
hi

yes NJ  we have a signal short , but Aj  the cci is still above 0 on my chart

--- 帖子 #887 ---
yes, current trades are:

sell eurcad (which will probably fail)

buy audnzd

new trades:

sell nzdjpy

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Well, then let's see:

I am at Alpari.uk, my signals at the new daily candle:

Monday, 23rd Feb. 2009:

SELL EURCHF, 1.4837, SL: 1.4988, TP: 1.4685, after a day -10 pips, running

Tuesday, 24th Feb.:

BUY USDCHF 1.1683, SL: 1.1460, TP: 1.1880

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Lots of new trades today.

Current Trades:

sell eurcad

buy audnzd

sell nzdjpy

new trades:

sell eurusd

buy usdchf

buy gbpchf

sell eurgbp

sell audcad

sell audusd (this was a sunday signal, but today continued and would be valid still)

--- 帖子 #890 ---
When is your new daily candle forming? Because I only had the USDCHF buy.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
This is ibfx, so just happened but they were there around 5:30 pm est when i checked earlier. Who knows, they may all fail.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
I hope not, good luck all of us...

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Hi llambert3,

My IBFX charts showed AUD/CAD below the 50 stoch. tonight EST so I figured that wasn't a valid trade. ?

--- 帖子 #894 ---
the day ended below the 50, but it was above and ticked down. It looks valid to me.. not that it still won't fail.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Did I jinx myself??? lol

--- 帖子 #896 ---
OK EA lovers,

I like this strategy but used to spend ages calculating TP and SL levels at midnight which was a real pain.

So, here's a new EA which builds upon Dezil's excellent work. I have cleaned up the code (so I could understand it) and added some options which for me were absolutely fundamental for automating this Strategy (ie Minimum Risk-Reward).

The full options list is as follows:

Use_ATR - Set to True to use Take-Profit based on ATR range.

ATR_Period - If the above is true, this decides the ATR Period.

ATR_Multiple - If one ATR isn't enough for your TP, multiply by this amount!

Manual_Take_Profit - If Use_ATR is set to False, then you can set your TP manually here.

Use_Swing - Set to True to use last swing high/low for your Stop Loss.

Swing_Margin - The value of pips added to the last swing value to give a wider SL.

Manual_Stop_Loss - If Use_Swing is set to False, then you can set your SL manually here.

Auto_Lots - Set to True to use auto money management.

Auto_Lots_Risk - The % of available margin you want to risk per trade when using Auto_Lots. (default = 1.5)

Manual_Lots - If Auto_Lots is set False, then you can set your Lot size manually here.

Candle_Elapse_Trigger - The % progress through the candle from where you will accept trade entries. Set this between 1 and 99. I have it at 10 to trigger lots of trades for testing, but choose 90 or above to trigger late into the daily candle.

Minimum_Risk_Reward - The minimum risk reward for a trade to trigger (default = 1.0).

Sounds:

Open_Trade - If you want a sound when a trade opens, set to True

Risk_Warning - If you want a sound when a possible trade fails the Risk-Reward criteria, then set to True. NB: This can get really annoying, but I used it for testing. Trades which fail the RR check will try again on the next tick, so LOTS of warnings are generated.  Look in the Experts tab for information on each risk-reward test.

As always, please test thoroughly. If you find any bugs then please let me know. This is my first ever EA so the probability of it working for everyone first time is probably pretty low.

The EA makes a call to Dezil's EOD EA, so you must have it installed in the experts/indicators folders. I attach my version of this indicator WHICH IGNORES THE SECOND DAY TRADING CRITERIA. If you want the original, then it's available on this thread.

Of course the EA goes in the /experts folder.

Happy Hunting

El Choco

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Hi elchoco

I am not an EA lover but I like the Indicator, so is it possible to modify the Indicator to show the targets on the chart, that is to say to plot a small line on the chart at ATR5 pips from the close of the bar where signal was generated, in the same way as it plots a dot at the stop loss level?

This will save a lot of time for manual traders when calculating the targets.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Howard,

If you sneek a peek at the experts tab it will show you all the data you could possibly want.

Patrick

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Yep I jinxed it!!!

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Current Trades:

sell eurcad

buy audnzd (hit tp)

sell nzdjpy (hit stop)

sell eurusd

buy usdchf

buy gbpchf (hit stop)

sell eurgbp (hit stop)

sell audcad (hit stop)

sell audusd

new trades:

buy usdcad

(sell gbpusd shows an arrow, but both are crossing the same time so I just watch)

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Current Trades:

sell eurcad

sell eurusd

buy usdchf

sell audusd

buy usdcad

New trades

sell eurchf

sell eurgbp

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Current Trades:

sell eurcad

sell eurusd

buy usdchf

sell audusd

buy usdcad (hit tp)

sell eurchf

sell eurgbp

New trades on Sunday

buy eurcad (so I will close the eurcad sell for a loss and buy)

sell audusd

buy gbpchf

So far I am at +1 for all of February after the recent losses, but I only did .01 on all trades. For March forward I will use the MM feature after I figure out what I'm willing to lose per trade and we'll see how March ends up.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Hi

Do you mean +1 pip or +$1?

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Hey Howard, I've literally only made a penny lol.. I am doing this live on ibfx micro lots...

But also, I thought I started live on 2/1, but it was 2/8, so it was for only 3 weeks. I also wonder what the MM would've brought, be it positive or negative, so I'll get a better idea for March. What I'm trying to figure out now is what to do with the 6 open trades, whether to add to them to make the MM right for March, or include the closed values in February totals. Maybe I'll do it both ways. The eurcad sell will be a loss, so maybe I'll include it in February at least... right now (depending on gap/no gap sunday) it is at -246.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Sorry I didn't realize I was already in an audusd sell that had not hit the stop yet so it will not be a new trade.

I've decided for March I will risk roughly $10 for each trade.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
You have done it in the best way possible that is to forward test on a micro lot.

Let's see what March will brew for us.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Current Trades:

buy eurcad

sell eurusd

buy usdchf
sell audusd  (hit tp)

sell eurgbp (hit stop)

buy gbpchf (hit stop)

New Trades:
None

I did modify the trades (or tried to) to get the MM as close as possible.

AudUsd = +$1.88
EurGbp = -$8.41
GbpChf = -$8.51

March Total = -$15.04

I was a little off, but it was to my advantage since I didn't lose $10 twice.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Hi El Choho,

Nice work on the EA. Will be testing it. However, is there a need to change magic numbers if we were to trade on different pairs?

Wilson.

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Hi El Choco,

The EA took trades too early...way before the candle_elapse_trigger threshold. There's more than 8 hours before the candle closes.

Wilson.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Current Trades:
buy eurcad (hit tp)
sell eurusd
buy usdchf

New Trades:
buy gbpjpy
buy audjpy
buy nzdjpy

Yesterday total = -$15.04

Today's P/L = +$4.35
March Total = -$10.69

I've set the stop to be from $8 to $9 instead of the $10 as I made a few errors in putting in the lots so I will try to be as consistent as possible. Not sure about all these yen buys at the same time. Poor me.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
It seems like more often than not, it isn't good to take a trade that contradicts a fresh 5-8 EMA cross on the daily charts. On the G-J and N-J pairs, there was a recent cross down.

Elway

--- 帖子 #912 ---
well you never can tell. I am out of the nj already

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Hi,

I really like this system and I have two questions:

1. Should I take or take not the position when I see a signal at 8.30 pm but arround 9 pm the arrow is gone and only the SL dot is left.

2. If I can't take a position in the evening because I'm not at home or I'm bussy is it possible to open the trade on the next morning?

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Hi MCFLY

Hmmm if I had a signal at 8.30pm and knew I was around at 9pm then I check if it was gone id leave alone...how ever if I was going out then id take the signal at 8.30 if it was there..

The most crucial thing here is to try and be consitant with your times after all you may take a signal at 8.30pm which wins and I take at 9pm it wasnt there so I didnt enter and so I didnt win..

Its swings and roundabouts just try to look 10 mins either side of your window time.

Can you open a trade in the morning again swings and round abouts Id say yes if its your only option..I take at 9pm you take at 8am... My position is down 50 pips so you get the better fill and the smaller draw down on a winning position...but this could also happen in the opposite ie its moved up 50 I have 50 profit you have nowt.

If its easier to take positions early the next morning Id say do so before the London Open the Asian session is to so volatile and prices shouldn't move around an awful lot.

But again be consistant ie open all positions at 7am or 7.30am etc etc

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #915 ---
I checked signals yesterday evening and picked GBP/JPY, AUD/JPY and CAD/JPY.

But the 4 hour stoch was overbought already so i placed pendig orders about 50 pips from marketprice at that time (about 8pm gmt). Well today GPB/JPY and AUD/JPY were both triggered and in profit when i woke up ... And both hit their original ATR5 target.

I just want to tell you cause I´m so excited about it. It has been a long time since a trade went this well.

With the 50 pip retracement the g/j trade had a R:R ratio almost 1:3

Great!! Hope for more trades like this to come

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Hi Paulus,

thanks alot for your answer. Do you often notice the next day that the signal disappeared during the night?

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Current Trades
sell eurchf (still in this, somehow I forgot to copy it down to new posts)
sell eurusd (hit tp)
buy usdchf (hit tp)
buy gbpjpy (hit tp)
buy audjpy (hit tp)
buy nzdjpy (hit tp)

New Trades
sell eurgbp
buy eurjpy

Yesterday total = -$10.69

Today's P/L = +$27.17
March Total = +$16.48

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Paulus, I greatly appreciate this post; our backgrounds, upbringing and the resultant guilt and shame are all similar.

I highly recommend you go to SettingCaptivesFree.com as there is much help and healing available, both for you and your wife.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Greetings Paulus,

I am just reading this thread and have taken my first 2 trades. I thank you mostly for the money management, that is helping a lot.

My question is, do you, or does anyone else, have any good Excel spreadsheets for keeping track of your trades? If so, can you post them here?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Hi,

Is anyone tweaking the original criteria?  I'm looking at a recent GBPCHF short trade that was triggered, but looking at the CCI it had meandered around the 0 value for the previous 3 days.  Certainly there was no sign of a strong downtrend to take a short trade.

I'm wondering if it would be better to have a minimum value for CCI.  Or that the CCI must have been negative for x days, or that the CCI must be lower today than yesterday.  There are quite a few examples where the CCI is slowly rising from a large negative value and a short trade triggers yet the trend is now long.

Just throwing this out there for those following this system.  I'll continue to look deeper.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Sounds good take a look but being mechanical its either above or below..we all see diff using the eye...but plse check

but check all winning sigs in the past 1 loser but may be several winners

cheers

paulus

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Current Trades
sell eurchf (hit tp)
sell eurgbp
buy eurjpy

New Trades
None

Yesterday total = +$16.48

Today's P/L = +$1.24
March Total = +$17.72

Unfortunately where I added more on eurchf for correct MM the profit was not that much as I was further away from entry on Sunday, plus all the negative interest for days hurt as well. I suspect tomorrow could hit the stop on eurjpy or the other or both.. lol or maybe it will hit the tp instead.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
I'll try to note this on my trades to see if I see a pattern.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Do you use a spreadsheet to keep track of your trades? And if you do, could you post it?

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Hello to Paulus and All,

can someone tell me why the indicator (red arrow) is showing me a possible entry but the stochastic is not ticking down?

Thanks,

Ramon

--- 帖子 #926 ---
You are using a 533 setting on stochastic instead of 532

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Shame on me!

Thanks a lot Chazbo.

Ramon

--- 帖子 #928 ---
So was that a short signal on GBP/USD tonight or not?

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Not on my chart, Dreamliner.  The stochastic ticked down but didn't go above 50 line.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
I took the signal based on the indicator, so does anyone have a correct indicator?

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Current Trades
sell eurgbp
buy eurjpy

New Trades (I will take Sunday open)
sell gbpusd
buy eurcad

Yesterday total = +$17.72

Today's P/L = +$0.00
March Total = +$17.72

--- 帖子 #932 ---
I will try to organize mine over the weekend and post. The totals I have just a regular spreadsheet, but the MM piece needs to be organized better.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Great! I'll look forward to seeing it when you have a chance.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
hey llambert3what is you total pip count from using the system till today if you dont mind counting them up

--- 帖子 #935 ---
According to my chart, that stoch tick down after having hit the 50 line.

Ramon

--- 帖子 #936 ---
From 2/8 to 2/28 I bought and sold 1 penny lot without any MM. The trades that were carried over into March I bought and sold more to try and make the MM close, which I ended up with a stop of between $8 to $9, so these results are not completely accurate. Not counting open trades I made 1 pip for February, but on March 1st I reversed the order on eur/cad as a different signal came and the trade I was in had not hit the stop yet, so I put that amount into February.

2/8 to 2/28 I lost -342 pips and -$2.40

3/1 to current I've made +619 and $17.72

The wierd currencies are not 1/1.. like the aud/nzd for 100 pips is like 60cents or something, so I have to figure this out as well.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Thursday it closed at 52.71 then Friday it closed 43.09 on ibfx, so on ibfx it is valid, although it is something to watch for.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Does anybody know a website that tells you how to calculate the per pip amount? I know it is based on the base currency somehow.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
I think I have this figured out. There are some modifications I'd also like to make on the trades sheet as well. If anybody sees anything that I did wrong, please tell me. I do make mistakes...

--- 帖子 #940 ---
This is wonderful, thank you!

Can I ask how we use it? As in, do we input on the yellow fields?

--- 帖子 #941 ---
This may or may not be what you are looking for:

http://fxtrade.oanda.com/tools/fxcal...lculator.shtml

or

http://www.oanda.com/convert/classic

Hope that helps!

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Yes, enter the yellow.. The usdjpy price, usdcad price, etc should also be yellow I suppose as you have to enter their prices (roughly) at the time of trades.. then change the risk percent to whatever total $ you are willing to lose.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Yes I think I have it figured correctly in the spreadsheet.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
here is a spread sheet that I used to use when trading via spread betters with this system.

it gives me

Spot

date

Short or long

Entry

TP

SL

From that it works out my Risk Reward

Signal is just there to help it make calculations on number of signals and profit per signal

Balance

Then the Risk Im willing to make

From the SL and risk Im willing to make and the bank size it gives me my $ risk on the position

Then it gives me the actual stake per pip based on the previous information

Win

lose

Profit

Running total

In the yellow area on the bottom the 67% was the strike rate to that point

The small box on the right gave me

Starting bank

Current balance

Gain

% Return on investment

Gain per day

Under the main spread sheet i had an equity curve of overall bank position

And the spread sheet on the right was just a bit of fun you can insert your starting bank select your weekly % gain and see potential growth

cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Thanks for your file

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Thanks for the file, Paulus. Does anyone know how to make this spreadsheet blank, so as to start it new without having to erase individual cells in the sheet?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
After having uploaded the template with Alpari, the arrow disappeared. Maybe because ODL is using a different data with a sunday candle.

r.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Current Trades
sell eurgbp (hit stop -8.07)
buy eurjpy
sell gbpusd (hit tp +9.60)
buy eurcad (hit tp +4.00)

New Trades
Sell AudUsd
Sell EurUsd
Sell NzdUsd
Buy AudNzd
Buy UsdJpy

Yesterday total = +$17.72

Today's P/L = +$5.53
March Total = +$23.25

I am early posting here, so I won't be taking the trades until 8pm est at whatever price I get..

--- 帖子 #949 ---
This is the 2nd time that when you have a group of like trades get activated they fail as a group (though I've just had 2 so far). The one time I had 3 yen trades go together and profit, but I still wonder if it is a good idea or not when you have groups. Maybe just choose the "best" one? Anyway the other thing is that so far the majority of the time it goes against us... One would think do the opposite for 50 pips and then go with it. Waiting for the retrace misses some good trades, but I wonder if you can make up for those good ones by limiting losses and getting greater profits from the ones who pass.

Anyway, just thinking out loud.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Current Trades
buy eurjpy
Sell AudUsd (hit stop)
Sell EurUsd (hit stop)
Sell NzdUsd
Buy AudNzd
Buy UsdJpy

New Trades

Buy AudJpy

Yesterday total = +$23.25

Today's P/L = -$12.68
March Total = +$10.57

I didn't lose as much on audusd as I put the stop above the last swing high instead of what the indicator was saying, but then price action told me its over and it had passed the indicator stop already, so I just took the loss. Nzdusd will probably fail as well..

--- 帖子 #951 ---
It's interesting, I've had four losses in a row and in nearly all of them I could "tell" that they weren't going to be profitable.

The two GBP trades last week were heading the wrong way in the medium term (previous week), and now i'm long EUR_JPY when there's pretty strong resistance ahead.

For now i'm just letting the strategy run, however in the future I might play with the "ask for manual confirmation" option.

Good for you Llambert keeping the journal alive on here.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
All my profits gone today

Current Trades

buy eurjpy
Sell NzdUsd (hit stop)
Buy AudNzd (hit stop)
Buy UsdJpy

Buy AudJpy

New Trades

None

Yesterday total = +$10.57

Today's P/L = -$17.16
March Total = -$6.59
March Pip = +268

So isn't that crazy that the MM caused the money to be negative. So if I had done .01 for all trades, I'd be up. If you multiply the lots I took X the pips I received it comes to -924 virtual pips which equals the -6.59 in dollars. I wouldn't doubt the other trades to fail as well.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Yes, all trades have failed today. Big loss on account.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Current Trades
buy eurjpy (hit stop)
Buy UsdJpy (hit stop)

Buy AudJpy (hit stop)

New Trades

Buy GbpJpy

Yesterday total = -$6.59

Today's P/L = -$21.66
March Total = -$28.25
March Pip = -514

I think one of the main problems thus far is the idea of waiting a retracement could possibly miss good trades, however after seeing these trades for 3 months it almost always goes against the position. Sometimes I wonder if it wouldn't be better to sell instead of buy and vice versa; for 50 pips or so anyway. From this point forward I will enter the numbers in my little spreadsheet I created and if the r:r isn't 1:1, then I will change the entry price until it is. For instance, the gbpjpy would earn $5.26 if I took it at 8pm and lose $8.21... so I modified the entry to 134 even to get a 1:1... if it doesn't hit, then it doesn't hit. Let's see if this works any wonders.

oops sorry this isn't correct.. let me refigure.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
I meant to keep the same tp as if I entered at 8pm, so this will take off pips from the stop and add to the tp, so the pending entry on gbpjpy is 134.80

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Of all the variables we have at our disposal i'd say the open price isn't one of them!!  I think i must have misunderstood what you have written here.

I only ever enter if R:R is over unity.  Otherwise I enter everything as per the original instructions.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Here is my equity curve from Nov 08.  61% winners with the average winner being 158 pips and the average loser being -138.  I'm also looking at ways to manage a trade rather than just let it run to the SL.  Hope we get a new series of winners. Thanks Paulus for the strategy.  Lynn

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Well what I am saying is that most of the trades are not 1:1.. they are usually half so I guess you are not taking very many trades. When I say entry price, I am saying since you can't really backtest a system that doesn't have a fixed entry price, I used the daily open after a signal. This is my entry price. Turns out gbpjpy went directly to the tp this time without a retrace. I will try to keep up with both ways so I can see.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
That's pretty good performance there still. Was this with the MM in place and taking trades even if r:r wasn't 1:1 or better?

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Current Trades

Buy GbpJpy (hit tp)

New Trades

Buy UsdJpy

Yesterday total = -$28.25

Today's P/L = +$5.26 (guess)
March Total = -$22.99
March Pip = -244

1:1 RR or better
Today's P/L = $0.00
March Total = $0.00
March Pip = 0

I will probably change my stop to be $4 so that I can trade both methods for a total of $8, otherwise I won't know the true profit and rollover interest, etc., or maybe do one on the demo acct.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
I have try the EOD_EA-EL-CHOCO make a good result but i would like to ask for help to modify the ea to keep all the way trade in 0.01 lot .this ea keep trading till upsize to few standard lot.for me i just want to try at microlot so i need help all of you .Because of this ea at high risk, for me ......i just want to win a little bit to support my family..............................

sorry for my bad english

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Thanks for keeping the thread going guys and all the hard work

This is the great thing about FF I think its a great community

I may not post much atm but always pvt me and I will answer again thanks for the hard work and determination every one here Im sure appreciates it its the way things move forward

Paulus

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Hi pipsrobber. I am not running the EA, so I don't know the issue, but there probably is a variable called lots in the EA or he may have a money management formula in there that uses your account balance to determine lots. But because you say you just want to win a little bit to support your family, let me say that forex is a very very difficult thing to do. It surely seems like a currency moves up and down so much that we could easily get money out of it, but it just isn't the case. If you have a winning strategy then you must be consistent and just have an edge. This meaning you win more than you lose over a period of time. If you trade 1 lot for instant and start winning, then say "oh I'll go up to 10 lots so I can make a living at it", but you can't afford 10 lots, I can guarantee you, it will kill your account and you will be depressed. One of the best things you said was you want to trade .01 micro lot, because that is the easiest way to start and losing $1 or $2 isn't bad on your mind. I can tell you don't speak English well and I hope you can understand my post. I just felt sorry for you and wanted to give you some advice, but really I am no better than anybody else despite my long time trading history. Just remember this one thing, if you think it has never happened before, it will in forex. Be prepared for the worse case scenario on absolutely every trade you take. Trade the smallest positions and earn slowly and keep studying. You will avoid the years of frustration that I've had to endure.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Hi Llambert3, I'm not using any MM yet I'm just placing a one contract order at market.  I have been placing almost all orders regardless of the R:R although the ratios often make me nervous.  I like your ideas and am also thinking about ways to lesson the drawdown when a series of orders just don't go as hoped for.  I trade all currencies offered by IFBX except USDCAD which your testing suggested did not have over a 50 percent win rate. Regards to all, Lynn

--- 帖子 #965 ---
this is definitely your most successful system paulus

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Thanks with proper MM it is an effective way to trade

An alternative way of entering which is mechanical will help with draw down,losses and will hopefully put pips in the bank a bit quicker

1main contract at 1pip = $10 eqauls 10 mini contracts at £1 per pip.

For a short position

(1)

When you get a signal enter 5 mini contracts as per normal..50% of your position is on.

If your TP is hit agreed you have made less money but YOU HAVE MADE SOME

(2)

Take the signal days high and if on the following day the market pull back to this point enter your last 5 contracts.This is a technically very good place to enter your position with your 2nd lot.You can use fibs but thats subjective on the placement THIS ISNT and all traders look at yest high low and close.

If the position goes against you your loss is smaller due to your 2 part entry as we use the same SL for both positions

If the position moves in your direction you scale out using the 5 day ATR as normal and get exits with the same pip count.

Its a more conservative way to enter will save you pips on any loss and gives a 'feel good' factor when scaling out with profits above all its mechanical with the 2nd 'lot' being filled at a technically good level

If you wish you could use 5 micro for 1st 5 micro for 2nd etc..

Visa versa for longs

Examples below  of short signals

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Thanks Paulus,

Let's use me as an example. I am trading penny account. I am risking $8, so whatever my stop is, I adjust my penny lots accordingly. Are you saying to forget that and trade say .10 dime and split it up like you have? Or still calculate loss and halve that?

Then you are entering half of your position right away and setting up the other half as pending at the signal day's high (if a sell), all with same tp and sl? Or the tp for the day's high is different because you are still using the ATR at that value and not the end of day value? I don't know what you mean by scale out at 5day ATR?

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Hi My friend Paulus ... as always your post is valuable for me ..

i like the idea of opening second lot form the highest of previuse day .

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Thanks for advice bros .I will remember and more hardworking in future.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Look in the EA Properties.  Either use Auto_Lots = True and make the % risk lower, or make Auto_Lots = False and choose you own lot size.

Let me know if the EA is successful for you.  I had 4 losses in a row up to tuesday last week and then couldn't get an internet connection due to travelling a lot.  Hope this week will be more stable.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Current Trades
Buy UsdJpy (both)

New Trades

None

Yesterday total = -$22.99

Today's P/L = +$0.00
March Total = -$22.99
March Pip = -244

1:1 RR or better
Today's P/L = $0.00
March Total = $0.00
March Pip = 0

No new trades. The usdjpy hit my 1:1 or better as well.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Current Trades
Buy UsdJpy (both)

New Trades

Sell GbpUsd

Buy EurGbp

Yesterday total = -$22.99

Today's P/L = +$0.00
March Total = -$22.99
March Pip = -244

1:1 RR or better
Today's P/L = $0.00
March Total = $0.00
March Pip = 0

GbpUsd is already better than 1:1.... I've entered eurgbp and also set a pending to get 1:1... Of course if gbpusd goes up, eurgbp will go down, so this is like one of those "what the crap am I thinking" trades... but such is life.. lol

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Current Trades
Buy UsdJpy (both)

Sell GbpUsd (hit stop - very unfortunate)

Buy EurGbp (hit tp)

New Trades

None

Yesterday total = -$22.99

Today's P/L = -$1.24
March Total = -$24.23
March Pip = -341

1:1 RR or better
Today's P/L = -$3.74
March Total = -$3.74
March Pip = -187

So GU went 5 pips below my tp and ibfx usually has a 4pip spread but I guess something came out and caused the spread to widen. How unfortunate that a $9 gain turned into an almost $8 loss just like that. Eurgbp went straight up which was good, but didn't hit the 1:1 trade.

Now here's something to think about.... Had I taken the opposite direction of every single trade for february with the tp at the stop and stop at the tp (therefore giving great r:r on all trades pretty much), I would be up 342 pips..

For March:

+585 pips

+$54.92 at the lots I was using, probably more if I risked $8 each time.

Just something to watch.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Current Trades

Buy UsdJpy (both hit stop)

New Trades

Buy UsdJpy

Buy GbpJpy

Yesterday total = -$24.23

Today's P/L = -$5.71
March Total = -$29.94
March Pip = -613

1:1 RR or better
Yesterday total = -$3.74
Today's P/L = -$3.84
March Total = -$7.58
March Pip = -369

Grand Total = -$37.52

Opposite Total= 613 pips and $39.38 (sorry in my previous post I had included a sum of one week which gave a higher $) ... I'll just keep up with doing the opposite as well just to see.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hi,

I followed this thread with great interest. I was practicing with similar scalping system for 5min charts. So if I recap correctly:

enter long:

- cci(40)>0

- stochastic(5,3,2)<50 with basic line on top of signal line

- closed bullish candle (if not, wait for bullish to close within one day of other signals)
enter short:

- cci(40)<0

- stochastic(5,3,2)>50 with basic line below signal line

- closed bearish candle (if not, wait for bearish to close within one day of other signals)
money management:

- set stop loss to the most recent swing high/low

- set profit level to 1 X ATR(5) (possibility of opening two lots - not more than 5% of capital - closing 1 lot at TP and the other after bringing SL to first profit level with TS)

I know it can be boring answering to the same question all the time, but sometimes some explanation can be understood the wrong way and since I don't consider this a game, I will appreciate your indulgence very much.

Regarding money management, I am trying to keep it as simple as possible since I don't master anything in that particular field. There has been some good posts on it, but I am not at that level yet. I should digg more into it, but I suppose that if I rely on what I have just wrote, I should be ok for now.

Also, I don't know if there is a way to avoid tha situation shown on the picture. I am showing two signals. The second one is not a false signal because the candle is blue (so actually it is not a real signal), but the first one is. I have experienced three false signals in a row with a similar system for 5min charts. Do you play the rules to the end with stop loss, forget it and go on with next trade, or is there any filter that can be used to weed it out? CCI is climbing up steadily even below 0 level.

Finally, can we apply this system to 4 hr charts?

Thanks and regards.

Chamane

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Sorry for replying to myself. I just want to make sure I am entering at the right moment, it is quite important. On the picture, I launched four trades from what I think are valid signals. Was it the right moment? I entered the market at 18:40 ET, wich is 22:40 GMT and 23:40 London time. I know Paulus uses 21:00 London time so I figure I am ok.

Is there anything wrong with my signals?

Many thanks again.

Chamane

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Current Trades

Buy UsdJpy (hit tp)

Buy GbpJpy (hit tp)

New Trades

Buy EurGbp

Sell GbpChf

Buy EurCad

Prior total = -$29.94

Today's P/L = +6.46
March Total = -$23.48
March Pip = -183

1:1 RR or better
Prior total = -$7.58
Today's P/L = $0.00
March Total = -$7.58
March Pip = -369

Grand Total = -$31.06

There were no new trades for Monday or Tuesday... Also, I was sick and did not take the usdjpy and gbpjpy trades live on sunday open.. too bad for me.. I have also failed to enter the eurcad trade before it has run up, so unless it comes back down some, I'll miss it as well.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
They appear to be valid to me... As far as timing just be consistent I suppose.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Thanks. I wasn't sure about time of entry. Will check retracement on shorter timeframe next time.

Chamane

--- 帖子 #980 ---
The actual strategy was for a tick-up of the stoch when previously below 50.  I dont know if the "basic line on top of signal line" will always give you the same trigger.

also

I see you have the 1D charts open so whats the scalping bit???

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Thanks. I started looking at a system similar to this one but for 5 min charts and ended up on this thread after googling for further information. I don't mind any timeframe as long as I find it profitable.

Chamane

--- 帖子 #982 ---
I just found this thread yesterday and I'm only 20 pages in but was anything ever determined about using a trailing stop vs the hard stop?

Are people locking in profits and bringing it to B/E at some point?

--- 帖子 #983 ---
This is the quintessential problem set-up for this strategy.

CCI heading up strongly but still negative and stoch (possibly) about to tick down.

Let's see what happens.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
....does this method have, I was wondering?

Interest seems to have dropped recently - maybe because everyone's printing money with the strat, maybe because it's having a sticky patch?Scanning over recent charts seems to suggest a very high failure rate at the minute

Having read the thread I think I follow the methodology but thre doesn't seem to be much discussion about backtested (I know) or ongoing performance.

How many are using this method at the moment?

UTB

--- 帖子 #985 ---
I've been using since Nov 08 and am continuing on.  I have recently started some back testing in my own home brew simulator but have nothing to report.

Looks like a bunch of trades setting up for tonight.

Lynn

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Here is my latest equity curve.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Good batch of trades lately?

I followed the rules and got crushed on 5 out of 8 trades in the past week using this method.....maybe you can post your trades as they happen so I can see if I am doing this right?

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Hi

If you look at any fund managers equity curve you will often see big draw downs...all we see at the end of the year hopefully is a positive return if we saw the action week by week we would pull our funds...

If you look at Ibhales equity curve starting at any peak just before a draw down any of us would of felt uncomfortable.

The system is solid you just have to accept draw downs and losing trades in a row thats why MM is so important I have posted a spread sheet for calculating risk in the thread ..if you restrict your trades to 2-3% you will be fine..

Its only human we see a system we have 5k we risk 25% on one trade as we want to see a huge return in a small time after all isnt that what Futures traders do ??

In reality it doesnt often happen like this

Thanks for all the fantastic hard graft Ibhales and sticking with it i/we really appreciate it.

Im off to France today for a week holiday its ha;f term here so I wont be posting

Thanks again guys

Paulus

--- 帖子 #989 ---
I agree with everything you said.....but Ibhales said we had a good batch recently so I am wondering if I missed something. On his graph I see 7 or 8 winners in a row and that I dont see.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
ah sorry..

Have you got the indicator which was kindly written by Dezil ?

That gives a signal and the stop...

The TP is the 5 day ATR

Close all or 50% and bring to break even then trial the rest

Or what I know some are doing is at 50% of weekly ATR taking half off bring stop to break even then taking the rest off at the 5 day ATR

I will be doing some more work on refining the entry esp when the CCI is moving towards or away from 0.00

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #991 ---
This is a nice and low maintenance system.

llambert is forward testing it on a live account so his results are accurate.

Results up to end of March are posted above, we are waiting for his further performance of the method.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Lynn,

Well done with this.

Are these actual trades placed or theoretical performance (I suspect the former as you are attaching a $ vaue to your account)?

Also, are you following the rules blindly, or are you selectively taking trades? If so, what further criteria are you applying?

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Here is a spreadsheet of my trades.  I try to trade according to the rules but as I have previously stated sometimes I exit a trade early and I find it personally hard to take the next trade after a batch of losing trades.  I also try to stop myself from looking at the slope of the CCI or the proximity of the CII or Stochastic to the 0 or 50 line.  The profit/loss is in pips and I adjust the results to match exactly the trade results in my IBFX account.  Lynn

--- 帖子 #994 ---
sorry guys, I have to get caught up and entering my numbers in the spreadsheet, etc.. was a rough week last week.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
These false signals occur frequently in this system. It is possible to have 3 or 4 in a row simultaneously in several pairs. It would be nice, but not likely, to find a way to filter out some of them. In other words, expect extended periods of drawdown.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Any update Lynn?

--- 帖子 #997 ---
I've continued to trade through April.  April was harsh to me to say the least.  I'll get my trades all put into the spreadsheet and upload asap. Regards to all, Lynn

--- 帖子 #998 ---
April was a tough month for me but I mostly continued with the basic strategy and am continuing in May.  I've skipped a couple of setups lately but I'm planning on trading as the setups come. Lynn

--- 帖子 #999 ---
hey Ib

Nice work its been tough,many system are having draw downs....

But the long term direction is up

Nice going

Paulus

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Well this is where most give up and probably why most fail. I hope you keep it up and good luck.

Does there seem to be any visible differences in the setups of winners and losers?  I think someone mentioned avoiding trades going in to areas of congestion or resistance, have you looked for any validity in this?

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
I'm hoping to find some time and do some data mining type analysis on winners vs. losers but haven't done so yet.  I'd actually like to do some neural net modeling of the winners and losers and see if I could create a statistically valid prediction of whether or not a set up would actually prove to be profitable.

I have looked a little at the new setups with an eye towards how the price action looks in the context of a pull back opportunity in an up or down trend. I'm more wary of a signal when no visual trend is in place but have no data to say these are more or less likely to be a winner.

As Paulus says, the strategy works over the longer haul and, although, I don't absolutely know this to be true myself, I tend to think that it is.  We'll see how the summer months perform. All things being equal I plan to continue trading the strategy and will share my results.  Regards, to all. Lynn

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
No time for data mining yet but May's trades were back on the winning side.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Thanks for the update Ibhales your far more organized than me

The ride has been rough I must admit but the curve is up albeit not nice and smooth but going in the right direction.

Like all systems the draw downs need getting used to we need to expand our comfort zone..many people out there want 3;1 RR with zero draw down which you and I know doesn't exist all we can do is find an edge and hopefully exploit it

Great work on the record keeping

Hope all is ok

Paulus

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Hi Paulus.  Are you till using this system as well as the Tudor Girl indy method??

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
yes ..

its ok could do better but making pips

P

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Hello Paulus. Only "one" little question: you use old version of system? or you made some changes in rules? Any changes in MM ? What pairs? Could you post it plz

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Here's my equity curve through the end of June. Lynn

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Lynn,

Your persistence is remarkable and looks like you've been rewarded. Well done. I'm convinced it's people who can stick with a system through bad times (whilst bombarded with the latest fad) that make it.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Lynn, - which pairs are you following with this? Ho many trades per day, on average, would you say?

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
I trade all pairs but USDCAD.  The attached workspace is what I monitor.  I just take every trade signaled unless I'm away from my computer and miss one.  The winners and losers have been going in batches for the past few months.  I haven't tried to figure out how to maybe filter them a little. I'm planning to finish the whole year out and then do some data analysis.  This month so far has been almost all losers.  There are about 10 or so trades a month.  Again quite a few days can go without a signal then you get a whole bunch together.  Currently they all seem to be winners or losers. Regarads, Lynn

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Hi All,

first post here, been reading this thread with interest since a few weeks ago. Have read from start to finish with interest!

Hats off to Paulus for sharing your system with us, thank you. this is exactly what I'm looking for a mechanical EOD system which gives lots of signals!!

Also lbhales congrats for seeing this one through the recent rough months, looking back through the thread to october in the 'good spell' there were a few more participants than now!!

Anyway. I've been backtesting your system Paulus, and I'd like to share my findings with everyone. I know many people have no time for backtesting but for a system like this I feel it is a valid exercise. (guess thats another topic)

results to follow...

Cheers,

Wig

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
I've taken every signal from jan 2007 to date and manually recorded the results on a spreadsheet.

I have made a couple of minor tweaks to the system.

* If stoch signals on the first day that CCI has been the correct side of zero (ie CCI crosses to positive on the day of a buy signal) I don't take the trade.

* Stop is set at recent swing high/low.

I began recording results, after a few hundred lines I realised many of the losses were due to the trades with the lowest R;R so I set a cutoff of 0.75 R;R. which gave me my third rule

* If R:R is <0.75, set entry at 23% retrace of entry candle

body. If rr is still <0.75 don't take trade. If target price is hit before entry price (ie no retrace) then order is cancelled.

Cheers,

Wig

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
So here we go:

First the win rate. (on triggered trades only of course)

50.9% wins.

I know the figure of around 60% has been discussed on here, which is why I'm interested as to how this has been achieved. I've taken all signals across all 47 major pairs.

Now the R:R.

Average R:R = 1.15.

Those two figures combined look pretty poor to me on the face of it. But I've modelled this back over 1700+ trades over around 2.5 years, staking a modest 1.5% per trade:

Return over 2.5 years around 680%...

cheers,

Wig

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
There are obviously other considerations here which I've not been able to model such as length of time trade open, which I believe is the single biggest factor which would reduce this growth.

However, i'm astounded.

A system with a 51% hit rate and an average 1.15x stake win rate can produce those sort of returns.

Is this realistic?

I'm an extreme forex novice and little more than a trading novice, I'd appreciate peoples views on the realities of trading a system with these sort of figures...

cheers,

Wig

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
I would also like to clarify this is in no way designed to question the strength of Paulus's system, and my figures are potentially incorrect and there are certainly more areas of tweaking I intend to do to increase the win rate.

My question really, is can a system with the figures I have, be traded to the level of success my figures suggest? I find it very hard to get my head around the realities of this.

I'd be interested in lbhales point of view, as you have clearly traded this for a long time, and of course Paulus's own views.

I'd also be very interested to know how I've managed to turn a 60% system into a 51% one!

thanks for listening folks sorry for the length of posts

look forward to hearing the views of my fellow traders

cheers,

Wig

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
nice work wig - I suspect the win rate has been reduced because you've introduced a R/R filter. Still looks very promising.

UTB

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Hi Wigtrade

Interesting results.

Can you attach your spreadsheet results to show the trades you have taken?

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
When I get around to adding this months trades I'll bet the overall win rate will now be down to about 50 percent.  I think I've only had 2-3 winners all month and probably 15 or so losers.

Wig I'm glad to see your analysis.  I've only really studied the eurusd a little and have played with the cci and stochasitic lengths as well as a small reduction in the sl values as well as a small multiplier of the tp levels.  There are certainly lots of combinations that are profitable and the sensitivity to changes of each seems reasonably low that suggests to me a robust system over time.  However adding this month to the past few really makes one wonder.  I've been hoping that the price action would change and there would start to be more winners again.  Time will tell.

Anyway I'll post this months results in a week or so. Regards to all Lynn

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Lynn

I've followed the thread for over a year, and appreciate you keeping it going. I was going to comment on some points recently raised, but, before doing so, and remembering your comment some time ago on taking trades when the CCI is close to 0, can you tell me what you are seeing on USDJPY today and Friday 31st, please, as, from UK, I have ibfx as long today Monday 3rd, with CCI at 20, and alpari as short Friday 31st, with CCI at -20. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
I, too, have been following this system.... not very successfully tho... anyway re your observations on USD/JPY I'm in Uk using Activtrades. On 31 July CCI was 6 and today Monday 3 the CCI was 18..

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
I looked at this and decided to pass.  Just didn't look like a trend pull-back. It seems to me the slope of the upward trend is too shallow to work because the bar ranges are too large.

My loses for July were very large in pips so I think I'm going to put the strategy on the shelf for a while. Lynn

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Its pretty hard to keep trading at this point.  I'm going to what for a while. I was hoping we would hit a couple of months of high percentage winners.  Maybe this fall.  The general concept seems reasonable for sure but its certainly not working right now.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Anybody still trading this system?

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
I haven't traded it since my previous last post. I haven't looked at it either since then so I don't know if it recovered or not. Lynn

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Welcome.

Sorry for my English I come from Poland.

I trade this method but I modyfi it. I not use CCI but Sto15-5-5 and Sto 5-3-2 Close-Close. I dont use EOD indicator - it make to many false signal. In chart Sto 5-3-2 I make 2 line at 15 and 85 level. At 9pm GMT check chart. If Sto move up from 15 level I take long if Sto move down from 85 level make Short. I use Pivot too and check candle pattern.

I actually analyze another set for Stoch to filter best signal. When Stoch 532 move up and Stoch 15-5-5 in down level or move up better take long. But it depending of property market.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Paulus, correct me if i`m wrong but this is just another trend following system with buying dips and selling rallies as you entry. Not knocking it though, has to be one of the best ways to trade in my opinion.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
wow did`nt realise this was such an old thread..lol

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Old system but realy good. IMHO best for Daily chart. I'm try find good system for Daily chart and this old sysytem is fine and simply.

My workspace with 3 Stoch indi. Look at main signal Sto - 532 Tick up - buy - tick down - sell other Stoch is filter and market property.

On chart. When Stoch 532 tick up on green candle its signal to take long, but if Stoch 15 move down violently then I wait for another short. Take Short  in 75-50 level is dangerous. Better wait when Sto 15 is below 50 level/

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
what about the stoch 30-10-10 ?

Also do you have a link to the full rules of this system ?

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Correct and one of the 1st systems I ever really developed and traded years ago now but naive in its concept..

I use others now

2 things you need do to make money..

1 Identify a trend

Buy on dips sells on rallies

Simple ....hmmmm

P

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Paulus - what is your system now ? Meaby this is naive but its simple and make signals. When we complicate it.... so... i dont like complicate things... Best in this system for me - I check once a day chart.....

Do you still use Daily Chart ? What is best system for Daily Chart.

Do you buy Aston Martin.....

Stoch 30-10-10 is long term trend.. but its 15% of decision to trade. 50% is Stoch 5 35% is Stoch 15 and 15% Stoch 30

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Today. I try play oposit to system. Not EOD but BOD (Begin of day) - I think... yesterday Price is going down - so its pullback- Stoch 5 ticku up in assian sesion so i takie long.... results... on screens.

Conlusion.... wait for close daily candle. Meaby in another market property i take profit but look at Stoch 15 - its in dangerous level - 75-50. Its no time to takie long.

Question to Paulus.... system is old.. I know... So... what modyfications you see on it from your first post in 2008.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Hi all, my first post here i usually post on trade2win, just a thought for people in the UK could we adjust the timezone of the charts so that the new day candle starts at 9pm GMT, if we used a timezone of GMT + 3 hours then the new daily candle should open up at the time we want to trade which is 9pm GMT, this would save us trading before the signal bar is completed! Has anyone tried this? Im not sure if its possible...

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Paulus, this thread was one of the first I ever read when trying to learn to trade. I couldn't understand it back then, now it's basically how I trade. I've made a couple of modifications that help with robustness. If someone can benifit from this then great. First CCI indicator is just a measure of how far away the price is from a moving average. CCI 40, then 40 SMA is used. In my humble opinion the 50 SMA is a better indicator of trend. So I ditch the CCI and put a 50 SMA on the chart. Above the 50 I look for longs, below the 50 I look for shorts. The other modification that really helps is the slope of the 50, only take longs if the SMA is RISING, and only take shorts if the SMA is FALLING. I also use a trailing stop, the width of the S/L. So if I have a 300pip S/L I use a 300 pip trailing stop. Most of the losses will be smaller than most of the wins. This system works well on 4 hr and 1hr too, but with the smaller timeframes it's best if the 50 SMA is decidedly pointing in the direction of the trade.

Just my 2 pips worth. Royce.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Hi Paulus. I've been busy researching your EOD threads. Thanks for your efforts put forth.

I have finished testing GJ since Jan of this year. The figures I've captured include; Date, Day, Direction, trigger bar range (daily range of bar used for entry), 5 day range, maximum retrace %, maximum in profit %, final profit/loss %.

The trade results are derived using a 3 RSI spike both up down. I use NY close for EOD.

Entry is on close of bar following spike. This bar confirms the spike is valid. I then apply basic rule of closing trade at, or near close of the following day. I enter/exit about 15 min before EOD to avoid spread increase.

• 1st SS shows my chart. Please ignore all X's & √ marks, they are from other testing.

°° Indicators: RSI 3 (13 is not used in my analysis) & ADR for 5 day range info.

°° Gray dashed vertical lines show peaks/valleys of RSI 3 spikes.

• 2nd SS is of database I constructed to handle the numbers.

°°° 2nd SS is here: http://www.proassetman.com/photos/RS...hru%20Sept.png

In this sample represents 49 total trades since beginning of 2014 on GJ ONLY.

°° U or D shows direction of trade.

°° "1 Day" is range of bar following day of spike.

°° "5 Day" is 5 day range.

°° "ReTr % D1" is percentage of bar following spike, maximum retrace %.

°° "Max % TP" is Maximum percentage of "1Day" range price traveled in TP direction.

°° "Trade %" is final outcome of trade in + or (-) percent.

°° Numbers at top in green area, represent averages of all numbers in category, with the exception of "Trade %" which is a cumulative total of all trades.

Today I am entering data for GU & GA. Should anyone care to check other pairs please PM me. Would like to collaborate via skype.

Thanks,

Darryl

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Just compiled GU for year to date and it is up just over 5%.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
GA stats are very mediocre. 41 trades to date with overall results of +1.28%.

Will work on culling out trades, somehow, that are in areas of consolidation. Any ideas welcome.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Day Bar Info

The indicator draws a daily candle on charts having timeframes less than D1. It also shows the sizes of upper and lower shadows, body and the entire candle in points.

The product is fast, works in real time, optimized for quotes having 4 and 5 decimal places and can be used in the strategy tester.

Indicator parameters:Show_Day - number of days displayed in blocks. Shift - shift from the chart's edge in bars. language - used language.


===== 附件下载链接 =====

CCI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160346?d=1224662472
Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160347?d=1224662472
eod cci.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160348?d=1224662480
ATR_Channel.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160450?d=1224677843
ATR in Pips.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160458?d=1224678947
EOD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161405?d=1224837559
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161750
EOD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161754?d=1224937838
EOD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161978?d=1225047271
EOD_EA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/161979?d=1225047271
Bands.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162082?d=1225079704
BBflat.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162083?d=1225079704
DoublecciWoody.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162084?d=1225079888
end of day system.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162085?d=1225079963
EOD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/167115?d=1226066743
ATR in Pips.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168773?d=1226475933
CCI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168774?d=1226475948
EOD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168775?d=1226475948
Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168776?d=1226475965
eod cci.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168777?d=1226475965
ap.eod.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/169515?d=1226586808
Dials MM.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/172725?d=1227229110
ATR in Pips.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/173182?d=1227344381
CCI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/173183?d=1227344381
EOD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/173184?d=1227344389
eod cci.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/173185?d=1227344389
Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/173186?d=1227344410
EOD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180068?d=1228850477
EOD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180344?d=1228894991
Paulus Equity Curve.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/199760?d=1233621752
! EOD CCI-Stoch.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/208847?d=1235303524
EOD EA - El Choco.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/209889?d=1235501883
EOD Indicator - El Choco.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/209890?d=1235501883
EOD.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214971?d=1236447356
profit_potentia End of day.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/215154?d=1236504825
Paulus EOD Trade Results.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/228583?d=1238796377
Day Bar Info.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3457545?d=1570387266
