===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Rules (you may want to print this)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attachment gAttachment g

 Setup price alerts to get a notification when price breaks out.(How to setup price alerts. Click here)
Working EA provided by StayFoolish https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post10715754

Load the indicator and apply the preset I created so your charts will look like mine. Every day, 4 hours after market open,

the box will stop growing and you have to setup a price alert above and below so you know when the price breaks out.

Or you can use pending orders which I don’t recommend. If you hit SL call it for the day.

Below you will find proof for 81% accuracy, using at least 1:1 r:r, If you count some positions running the results will be

even better.
This is the perfect setup as example.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is proof
Attached File(s)   EURJPY M15v.pdf

3.1 MB
|
24,162 downloads

Here is the indicator and template
Attached File(s)   3 Tier London Breakout V.3.2b.ex4

35 KB
|
14,598 downloads
Attached File(s)   breakoutEURJPY.tpl

425 KB
|
13,100 downloads

Indicator credits here

Edit January 17-2018
I dont want to be rude but I wont help people asking questions on how to use metatrader, install indicators etc. This thread is to help people make money from what I learn and share, not to teach people how to use MT4, if you need help open Metatrader 4 and hit F1, if still youre unable to do something related to the template for example, you may ask.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit August 16-2018

Please take a heed on his words. I can’t stress this enough. Keep it simple, rules exist for a reason. Don’t over complicate what’s already made into an easy system. All important info is in this post #1 no need to run into trouble trying to look for extra rules in the comments.
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post11364213

Trading discussion group link. https://t.me/joinchat/EWwQGA89vLh0BOZT2foqZQ

--- 帖子 #2 ---
My vacations are over now, back to school till summer. I Won´t be posting the other system (higher TFs) until summer. I will only post this 2 systems for now (you can check the other one in my profile).

You can contact me here , please do so if you can write an EA.

Maybe next release will be on psychology and money management. We´ll see.

As always good luck and if you have questions post them here so everyone can learn from others.

Here is my favorite trade manager and risk manager indicator. Good luck to everyone. You can use one or the other.
Attached File(s)   RiskManagementAdvisorIndicator.ex4

29 KB
|
5,261 downloads
Attached File(s)   PZ_TradePadEAMILLIONAIRESFACTORY.ex4

731 KB
|
5,548 downloads

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Thanks for your contributions.

I already testing UJ m5 system and is just great.

I have a question regarding this phrase: "Every day, 4 hours after market open..." . What is that correct market open time ? Each broker has another server time...

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Great system sir.

but do you enter at close of bar above/below the box? Or as soon as the candles cross the bar?

--- 帖子 #5 ---
2:00 GMT or 21:00 NY time, thanks for pointing that

--- 帖子 #6 ---
I wait for candle close above level, if it went too far into the TP zone I wait for retracement.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Nice!!!! I have been trading something very similar

Have you tested this on any other pairs?

I opened GBPUSD and tried to apply the template to that pair, it did not work?

How can I get access to the indicator so I can use it on other pairs

PGPB

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Hello FXMD

Nice work, I will follow you.

Should I put the templete every day?

the timing of apply the templete is after 4hours market open or just apply at the market open then wait 4hours?

I'm apologyze if I annoy you with there noob questions and broken english.

thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
The indicator is in the first post for download. I have tried on EURUSD/USDJPY/EURZAR/USDZAR and EURJPY. EURJPY gave better results.

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Just install the indicator and apply the template, the indicator will draw the box automatically you dont need to apply it every day

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Big Thank You!!

--- 帖子 #12 ---
In the image, the candle closes above but eventually went down all the way. How can I achieve a higher probability of predicting the trend right?

--- 帖子 #13 ---
First of all, understand this wont be 100% win, then start using the template I gave in the beginning so you will get good trades. And use in EURJPY M15.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
I know its not a 100% winrate, but what if the candle closes below the entry sell but it is on a up trend. Is it better to sell or wait for it to go up the entry buy?

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Fxmd,

For confirmation, Does BO range from 0:00-4:00 (4hr) GMT+2?

--- 帖子 #16 ---
The template refers to an indicator called 3 tier london breakout instead of the indicator attached.

Can you post a new template or the other indicator pelase

--- 帖子 #17 ---
2018.01.16 19:20:35.377 cannot open file 'C:\Users\***\MQL4\indicators\3 Tier London Breakout V.3.2b.ex4' [2]

2018.01.16 19:20:35.376 cannot open file 'C:\Users\***\MQL4\indicators\Spread Indicator.ex4' [2]

How can i solve these problem? it appears when i apply template

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Apparently Fxmd forgot to rename his indicator. I took the liberty to edit the template correctly, and also included a spread indicator to match the original.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Thanks mate

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Could you share latest EURUSD chart please?

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Thanks Mate  Fxmd

Good Result

Today open  trade  GBPUSD  sell 1.37710

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Thankyou

--- 帖子 #23 ---
I would call it for the day and wait for tomorrow, you can research backtest to see if it gives good results though, anyway system rules are to wait for new setup.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
MT4 Files updated

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Apply new indicator and template updated on post 1

--- 帖子 #26 ---
secure the bag, keep money management above all and repeat

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Nice Job Dr. Thanks for showing 168 trading day charts!

Here is another indicator which helps to identify the time zone, by posting the number of pips, and extending that periods High & Low.

There is also have an EA which would be perfect for this. It may take me a while to locate it.

The first pic shows how the indicator displays. The 2nd pic, show the settings I use for broker whose new day begins at 2200 GMT, 1700 EST (US), also The open in Sydney. If your broker time is different, you will have to adjust the first 2 settings. 1. [Session, OpenHour], [Session, CloseHour].

The other settings are what I choose for a black background. You may want to change these to your liking.

Hope these are helpful.

Darryl

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Good, this is the same time as my broker.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Yes, thats right.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

box drawn and zone was slightly breached, buy signal. Howerver 45 PIP range is completed and we are at resistance, will wait to see how it develops to take a position and avoid looser trade. 45 PIP box means lower probability of getting 1:1 as ADR 100days is 96+/- PIPS, however it doesnt mean its a bad signal, only lower probability.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Hi Fxmd, thanks for sharing your sistem. I want to ask about box zone, is it using highest/lowest candle inside zone time? I confused because for entry sale in your example not using lowest low candle inside the box zone?

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Yes thats right, but I chose 45 PIPS as limit for the box, ADR is 96 PIPS so if it moves 45 PIPs and we are looking for a 1:1 then we will have lower probability of reaching the target. The indicator will adjust to latest high to measure the 45 PIPs thats why its a bit off.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
In case anyone wants  to display the ADR to help modify the BO window to suit other pairs, here's a similar indi to the one as in earlier Fxdm's charts. Also a template including it together with the spread indi I shared a few posts ago.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
I thought I'd contribute to this thread, I use a similar method

I've attached another version of a ADR, this one, predicts the TP to the pip, over 90% of the time

Hope this helps

GL

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Thanks for the system Fxmd. Am I right to assume that we need to make adjustments to the indicator inputs according to our broker?

--- 帖子 #36 ---
As i compared your chart with my broker'schart it seems your start of the box is GMT - 2 not  GMT + 2 as u said to me....

am i right ?

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #38 ---
21:00 NY = 1:00 GMT

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Calculate again.

Difference between GMT and London is 5 hours.

so 21NY is 02 GMT

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Of course, yes, I added badly

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Today's set up fits the boundaries.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Your box must start 2 hours before a Asia open and end 2 hours after Asia open so that will be 4 hours. Adjust it to your time.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
I will post alerts for 240 days from now on at t.me/eurjpyalerts

Also this thread will be open for questions/discussion. Do not send questions in private message or you will be ignored, ask here so everyone can benefit. And if you dont know how to do something in MT4 google it before asking

Why telegram? Its easier for me to post there and faster

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Box must start 2 hours before Asia open and end 2 hours after Asia open, set it accordingly to your MT4 and/or local timezone

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Any reason for choosing this Box??

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Breakout from the levels set at this hours proved to be ~80% profitable when aiming 1:1 on EURJPY, Using the levels set at this hours is the backbone of the whole system!.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Will you give those times in GMT?

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Today's trade running, let's see

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Hi diamond,

could you share with us your nice strengh meter?

Thank you!!!

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Subs. thanks and

Regards

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Target hit!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Fxmd, what does it mean when it says " Caution! (11p) " in red words?

Attached Image

Thank you!!

--- 帖子 #52 ---
You are drawing your box wrong.

It should start at 21:00 GMT. You are starting yours at 22:00 GMT- an hour late. This one is correct.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Hi Bill,

thanks for your feedback, in post 5, Fxmd said box finish at 2:00 GMT, it is a 4 hours box, so it should start at 22:00 GMT. Diamond's box in post 41 is like mine. I think it's correct.

Regards

--- 帖子 #54 ---
No.  Fxmed posted this three or four times- "Box must start 2 hours before Asia open and end 2 hours after Asia open, set it accordingly to your MT4 and/or local timezone"

The Asia open is 23:00 GMT.  Two hours before the Asia open is 21:00 GMT. That's how my box is drawn.

Actually my box went one 15 min bar too far before ending.  I corrected it. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #55 ---
I'm afraid you're wrong, mate. Please take a look at the image on Fxmd's telegram channel. In fact, the Asian open is at 22:00 GMT currently (well, actually I suppose we're speaking BST right now). You can also check at the bottom right of the main FF website.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
my EA attempt.

let me know your feedback.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Is it possible to share source code?

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Red box means todays levels might not be set already so price may range for a while and you have higher probability of getting a bad entry or stop loss hit, its not for sure, just a higher probability of trade going bad, it still may give you take profit who knows, just be careful when you get an alert box.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Dont worry I will post daily on telegram channel so everyone can adjust their box as it can be confusing to match the broker time, and local time as well as if you have DST or not. Sign up to get alerts on time EURJPY Alerts & Trades

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Thank you, looks promising, please write to me t.me/kedrew

--- 帖子 #61 ---
FXMD,

I am confused about the box. Can you please clarify? Isn't this box just the High to Low of a 2nd H4 candle from NYC Open?

Also you take Buy or Sell Order when this prices breakout, what is the TP/SL for this?

You mentioned there is around 80% winners based on 1:1 RR. Was this based on taking all trades based on the indicator? or is it just the Blue box while skipping Orange and Red box trades?

How many trades does this system generate each day?

--- 帖子 #62 ---
I installed the indicator and using the template provided on the first post.

For my broker the new Daily candle starts at 17:00 EST. Do I need to change anything in the indicator for this?

For now I just used the default settings. I noticed that it is drawing the boxes using 1st 16 M15 candles. Is this how it is expected to work?

Can you also explain the Orange vs Blue color of the box? I understand it has something to do with total pips in the box but I wanted to know exactly how the size of the box is set to and what determines to color?

--- 帖子 #63 ---
From my understanding you should use 7 as Start time and 11 as End time. But it would be easy enough to compare your box against the one on the telegram channel. The box is orange if the size is bigger than the MaxBoxSize value, it's blue if the size is between the MaxBoxSize and the MinBoxSize, and it's red if the size is smaller than the MinBoxSize. The size of the box is set to 45 by the OP based on the ADR (it looks like roughly at 50%) probably by checking the past performance of the pair. The other questions have been answered already if you take the time to read all the posts.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
started running the ea. will give feedback on the progess

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Hello Hairi

Your EA needs a start and stop trading time ( START 4AM and 1 trade per day ) and also, does your EA buy on candle close above below the breakout box?

Otherwise, great JOB !!

Thanks to Andrew for the logic.

Mcdave

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Thanks for your help. I finally figured out.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Do we have historic records for this system? Would be nice to know how many losers and winners for at least 1 year.

Just a visual testing for this week, this is the following I noticed. I will be happy to continue the following report every week(on Friday)

Monday: Winner

Tuesday: Loser

Wednesday: Loser

Thursday: Winner

Friday (today): Loser

Guess this week was not that good. 40% Win Rate.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
My apologies if this has been already answered and I missed it while reading the whole thread.

How do we manage trades that do not hit SL nor they hit TP? For how long do we keep it open?

--- 帖子 #69 ---
should be closed at the of US session.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Theme of the day; Confusion.

After looking at chart picture in post #1, I went to December 19th to match it up on my chart, to determine exactly what time the OP was referring to. Then, on post #27, pg.2,  I added an additional indicator to help mark highs and lows of the reference time frame. In the very next post the OP said, "Good, this is the same time as my broker."

These are simply facts that I observed.  Go figure.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
++++++++++++++++++++++

--- 帖子 #72 ---
I understand things can get confusing on public forums but no one intends it to be confusing. We just all put in the best effort to help each other.

That said...I believe I quite well understand now what the original poster intends about the time frame and how the box is determined. So feel free to ask anything that you are still confused about and I will be happy to help.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
hi,

please correct me if im wrong does the EA only take one trade win or lose. it will not activate the other trade? would this be a possible option ?

i find from visually testing there would be many break even days this way. the only problem being the double loss days. would like to see if it has any difference though. also options to not trade once a TP has been hit,

also add time zone options; maybe just a numeric shift or something.

options like: max number of trades per day,

close orders once TP reached,

otherwise great work and thx.

(share the mq4 maybe?)

--- 帖子 #74 ---
here is the backtest result from Jan 2016 - Dec 2017.

Winning rate is about 55%.

Backtest is based on my own EA on 1hr EJ chart.

But the rule is same as Fxmd.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
EA will do 1 trade per day, after 4AM (Broker time). Please apply EA before within 0am - 4am. Yes, buy/sell on candle close M15, above/below box.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Better than nothing

55% winrate, well, probably with some discretion it could improve

--- 帖子 #77 ---
one trade win/loss. will not activate other trade. please adjust your trailing options. one trade per day, will not trade again if it hit eiher TP/SL. Time zone will broker with GMT+2.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
hi

55% of the profit or the correctness of the indicator?

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Something really seems off. The OP posted that the winrate is over 81%. He has also provided a detailed document that shows each trade as a proof.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
There is PDF with past history showing results at the first post. If the day ends and your trade is in profit buthasnt hit TP secure your balance by setting SL to break even, if its in loss then close it or wait, its up to you.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Very good, if you add a task in which the EA will open 3 different trades, for example; trade 1 is 5% risk, trade 2 and 3 is 2% risk each, trade 1 must target 1:1, once target 1 is reached, trades 2 and 3 stop loss to break even and let run to get more profit. This way you´ll be risking 9% and can make profit of 15%, this is just an example you can play with the % settings.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #82 ---
True, notice he didn´t use the same time-frame as I used, he used H1 and I used M15, anyways, results will vary depending on how many days you analyze, the longer the history analyzed the more accurate it will be.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Thank you for your work, I´ll focus on EA this weekend.

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Just to explain how my EA works.

After the valid box is formed, EA will place one Buystop order at High and Sellstop order at Low.

When one of the orders is triggered, another order will be deleted.

Anyway, I uploaded my EA here for your guys to further test.

But, remember to place in 1hr chart.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Great work , thanks Hairi just wanted to make sure before I start testing.

One last request ( I think  ) could it be possible to have the stop-loss 2 pips above /below the box as I have noticed that price often makes a double top /bottom and could take us out of our position because of spread.

Mcdave

--- 帖子 #86 ---
its good to use on london market open if price make some breakout

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Can you please share your mql4 code for your EA ... Thank You.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Good ea .. think if possible you should impliment a increase lot for ever  order that hits sl. Upon hitting tp . Original lot size will be used.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Thank you, I will backtest it during the week end. If its possible to be run in M15  add scaling lot size, it can give better results. (compounding)

--- 帖子 #90 ---
for with timeframe and pair you want code this ea ?

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Based from your description - you stated that the EA will place Buy & Stop order as soon the valid box is formed. However can you modify the order instruction to trigger only when the sell/buy entry level got breakout (price close below or above entry level) and then execute limit order on the entry level.

If price does not retrace back to entry level, we just miss a trade but no losses incurred.

In addition, the initial breakout by the first candlestick needs to be solid at least by 2~3 pips away from entry level. I mean if the deficit price action closed above/below entry level is or less than 1 pip, that should not be triggered as valid potential breakout.

Just my input suggestion. Hope this will help improve the EA performance.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Thanks for the thread Fxmd

@ stayfoolish

Thanks for the EA  -- I can share settings if someone would like

I ran a one year test

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Heres all the info on the test

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Good work, seems profitable on the long run, how about adding a feature to open trades based on risk % instead of fixed lot size? Is that possible?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Well just 53%, and just 2 years testing..

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I like your ideas but I am still learning coding so I am not the one to address this to.

The ea seems solid and I hope that Stayfoolish can help you will your idea for the ea

I will be lurking and learning.  You know how to get my attention -- nice legs  LOL

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Low drawdown and at 1 lot would have doubled the account with 5K starting capital.......... not to bad for a EA

--- 帖子 #98 ---
its caused by the fixed lot size.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
True.

And yes, thighs save lives

--- 帖子 #100 ---
I've been running this on the period before the Frankfurt Open on EG for years (Frankenbreak). I even customised the same indicator, lol.

Good luck with it - it's all about finding the right pair. It also works extremely well on GN but that pair is mental and not for the faint hearted.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
I am glad to hear confirmation for I have been testing this on other pairs and there is a major difference Major.......

for this EA its all about the pair  as you said.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Nice

--- 帖子 #103 ---
yeah, you know what? It took me about 4 hours to come up with this system, I was reading the famous thread were a fellow trader states "price will close away from candlestick open 95% of the time" think about it and figure out how this saying is applied to the system, thanks for your work with the EA

--- 帖子 #104 ---
hi

its report results on ECN our standart account ?

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Yep. I'm glad you are cool with my comment. After I posted I began to realise it may have come across as a kind of ''huh, I've been doing this first for ages, blah, blah, blah...Seen it all before, blah, blah, blah''). There really isn't anything new under the FX sun, lol.

As I said, my thing originally used the same indi that I took from the StairSteps concept, then v2 was the one you are using. I ended up using them both in slightly different ways. Then I added a variant of my own for v3. After all that, I don't use any of them any more, as I moved onto trading The DAX in the morning and couldn't run both methods at the same time, lol.

I do run an EJ-biased method developed with TooSlow's nudging, which takes advantage of the dead air in the hour before the US Open - The Dead Zone. So I can see why you like EJ for this at around the time-slot you are using. FYI, UC is also rock-solid there. The same method also works at the midnight hour uk time.

The (major) differences are in the trade management. That's where you should concentrate your efforts. Anyone who knows me, knows where the base DNA of my stable of methods comes from .

You can draw a line pretty much anywhere on a chart and trade in the direction of price as it crosses over it - it's then what you do next that determines the success of your trade.

As I said, good luck with it. I wish you every success.

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Mmm 53% winrate  is because fixed lot?

--- 帖子 #107 ---
How much data did you analyze to come to conclusion about 81%+ winners? I am assuming this was based on 1:1 RR

--- 帖子 #108 ---
It was a standard account

this was a back test only to see if the ea is doing what the programmer intended.

back test don't mean sh1t and I think most know that. I don't like eas in general because most if not all are a waist of time for me.

I think if some small changes was made to the ea using some of fxmds ideas -- this ea just might stay in the game and go green.

@ DavidRP -- Yes the fixed lots is a issue and especially for the pair being used but depends on broker of course. Again this is a back test and a back test has no bearing on far ward testing at all --- I am mainly impressed with the ea for its low drawdown and I did not do any optimization at all. I just ck out how the ea was taking trades and closing the trades, and plugged in some parameters that seems good. Some changes need to be done and some forward testing and there you go.

Regards

--- 帖子 #109 ---
You realized right after posting your comment lol, anyways its a public forum, I know what to expect. Happy trading

--- 帖子 #110 ---
I thought you were talking about account growth. You were not specific

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Ok, I just meant that there is a big gap between your winrate and Ea's. Maybe some discretion involved?

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Yes, lack of discretion is why most EAs dont work on the long run, plus Ive said before he is using a different Time Frame.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
How long have u been trading this system?

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Five year back test --- I know back test are sh1t   -- must forward

test --- I did not do any optimization at all --- best I have tested in some time.

fxmd -- Hope you can find someone to implement some of you ideas on this backbone ea

regards

--- 帖子 #115 ---
The results will certainly be better using% risk of bankroll.

The tests should be carried out in this way.

That tests show profit with fixed lots is a very good sign.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
beware of the no. of consecutive loss.

12 consecutive loss can drain your account fast.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Also (EA) as per this morning , if candle close more than 10 pips outside box wait for retrace to box edge or 3pips from edge.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
If you use 2% of bankroll on the trade, you will not be in  danger.

For me, 2% is a really aggressive approach.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Question for FXMD and anyone in US and Europe using this system.

Based on the system these trades usually open between 9:00pm - 3:00am EST. Usually these are hours when most of us prefer to be in the bed sleeping or doing whatever!

How do you manage to take these trades? I know how to place Pending Orders but based on this system you can't do that. You have to wait for a 15M candle close to be above/below our BO box. Also if the price is over 10 pips already crossed the BO box, we wait again for retracement so that the price is around max 2-3 pips from the BO box.

How do you take the trades while keeping all this in mind and not losing your sleep?

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Attached is another indicator to draw the lines

This indicator is not as nice as FXMDs indicator, however because it is fairly simple it is good for me to eyeball the charts

I live in Toronto, Canada and trade this system. I place my trades (pending order) about 10pm and then go to bed.

I trade other pairs and I use a filter so I only trade in the direction of the trend.

I miss some entries when the trend changes but that is trading

I do look at the charts without any indicators so I am using some discretion. I stumbled on FXMD system and was delighted because it is very similar to what I am doing

IMHO

Traders are looking for the holy grail, a system that they can follow with a guarantee win rate....FXMD system is really good but you need to use experience and understanding of charts which takes a while to gain

--- 帖子 #121 ---
many thanks

--- 帖子 #122 ---
what filter do u use ?

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Hi

I use a number of different filters to make up my mind (long or short)

Sometimes I use moving average or two to see which way the market is trending

....however what gives me the most accurate is looking at higher highs or lower lows, see screenshot

I am not going to post any more about this because I do not want to steer FXMD thread away from his very good system

--- 帖子 #124 ---
But at 22 o'clock You do not have a closed box yet

--- 帖子 #125 ---
True

--- 帖子 #126 ---
I use alerts to know when the breakout happens without having to sit in front of the screen all the time

--- 帖子 #127 ---
"that is trading" so true, some days you win some days you lose, not every day is trading day

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Please do some backtest with this EA to see how it goes, Im having trouble because it wont run in my MT4, Thankyou to those who are backtesting. You dont need to use every EA option but lets replicate iamsovereign´s settings for the EA

EDIT: This EA doesnt work, try the one provided by shiva

--- 帖子 #129 ---
fxmd-   I tried to run the ea and it will run but it does not take any trades

wondering if I am the only one who is have a problem.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #130 ---
remember to check the button "autotrade"

and check EA live trading box

--- 帖子 #131 ---
I have cked all that and I can run other eas with no issues

I have tried all kinds of settings within the ea with no change -- Ea will run but I get no trades

Thank you for your help

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I didnt use the EA provided by fxmd.

Maybe somebody can help.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Hi
This is working need to best setting. I got it from other forum

Thankx

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Use this one. The error is in the line which says "#property show_inputs" This should only be used in scripts, so the ea was not recognized by MT4 as an expert.
Attached File(s)   3 Tier London Breakout EA v1.3b(EDIT).mq4

59 KB
|
952 downloads

Attached File(s)   3 Tier London Breakout EA v1.3b(EDIT).ex4

81 KB
|
720 downloads

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Thank you, this seems to work. Lets now conduct some backtest

--- 帖子 #136 ---
I have taken a look of the pdf , and I have some discrepancies..

The image attached is marked as a WIN but price never reached 'buytarget', why?

--- 帖子 #137 ---
there is still some problems -- the ea is taking trades now--- thanks for the help shiva

I have to pause the ea while the tester is running to get the graff and trades to update --  still experimenting

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Your requesting the indicator in the first post, it does exactly that.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Thanks for posting, whats this EA and settings?

--- 帖子 #140 ---
.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Youve posted a VERY old version of the SSBO indicator...nothing more than that.

--- 帖子 #142 ---
DavidRP,

Very nice observation. I will let FXMD answer the question about price not reaching the target. I think its some mistake.

About your next image, I believe the box does not draw the range based on first 4 hours high to low. It does that only if that range is less than max 45 pips. If it is more than 45 pips the box does some adjustments and the box size is set to 45 exact. But I do not understand how it is adjusted? from above? from below? is it done equally from high and low. I wonder what it is. Would be nice if FXMD could explain this as well.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
I'm very interested in this. I installed the template and it looks correct through January 15, then the colored boxes and tp / sl lines fail to show from the 16th on. I've refreshed and closed/re-opened my mt4, but it indicators still missing. Any thoughts why that might be?  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Try, reinstalling the indicator

--- 帖子 #145 ---
interesting system; and the trade quide is quite comprehensive. Will give it a try

--- 帖子 #146 ---
You are hiding info with no apparent reason e.g to protect your personal trading account  details
You´rePublicly invited to leave this thread and delete your replies by 12 pm EST Welcome to post complete info with fellow trader Thank you

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Really great system and EA FXmd. I was wondering if it will be possible to make the martingale  increase by a specified number of point say 0.02 i.e the lot will increase by 0.02 after every step. Also,could a extra option of stoploss and take profit target based on pip value be added to the EA. Thanks

--- 帖子 #148 ---
@ Fxmd

The three tear EA does not work for me..... The EA may very well be working properly but it does not seem to behave on the tester and that's when I stop.

I prefer the bare bones EA with manual intervention. I don't trust EAs as a rule---- so this is ok for me.

I have had this indicator for many years and you may find some value with it. It is not a EA but I think a coder could make it into a auto trader based on all the rules that are already there. The beauty of this indicator is it does the calculations for you based on the box size parameters and bar count before a break out trade would be placed. It will tell you in the specs on the left side of the screen with its own backtest.  The indicator seems coded very well and has some nice features -- worth spending some time with and maybe this can help you in making your personal BO EA.

Attached File(s)   AuthorizedSSBODynamicBreakoutBoxFinalEdition.ex4

144 KB
|
648 downloads
Attached File(s)   AuthorizedSSBODynamicBreakoutBoxFinalEdition.mq4

41 KB
|
849 downloads

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Thank you very much, I share your lack of trust in EAs,

--- 帖子 #150 ---
For me I need an EA as its 4am when the box is closed where I am and then its tough to go back to sleep,

So if there is an EA out there that works perfectly based on this strategy, please point me in the right direction.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
I am trying this one , does it buy on close of candle outside box?

Also is it possible to use % risk of capital balance ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Hi, may I ask you which timeframe do you use with this indicator?

--- 帖子 #153 ---
5M and 15M --- you can use any time frame but have to adjust box and pjp size to have good box formation for the dead zone.

If you spend some time with the indicator you will see how it can be used.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Yesterday's break out didn't occur till many hours after the box ended...it retraced then dropped to almost hit TP.  Is there a rule for how long is the max we should wait until the set up is no longer valid?  BC I thought this was a breakout close to Asia open not a breakout during London session.  Thanks for clarifying!

--- 帖子 #155 ---
This week results:

Monday: Loser

Tuesday: Winner

Wednesday: Winner

Thursday: Loser

Friday: No Trade

Basically.....we had 9 trades so far in last 2 weeks. 4 winners and 5 losers. This conclusion is based on taking trades based on the original post. There is no Break-even or trailing concepts used. I am not sure if we did how it would impact the net results.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
FXMD,

Did you use any Break even or trailing to determine 81% winners? Was the 81% based on only the following rules:

1) BO box is determines based on 4 hours (16 M15 candles) starting at 5pm EST. The BO box is max 45 pips adjusted to newer extreme if more than 45 pips is reached.

2) Only after a M15 candles closes beyond the BO zone a trade is taken.

3) Trade is taken only if the price is around 2-3 pips beyond the BO zone after a M15 candles closes beyond the zone. if the price is more than 2-3 pips, we wait for price to retrace back to around 2-3 pips close to BO.

4) TP and SL is the size of the BO zone.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
linda raschke it is her strategy, and it is only part of the strategy, there is the they to take extensive targets and full move she explained it in the strategy.

As far as I know Lindas strategies have copyright, you have to put a link on her resource in the first line, or you gonna have trouble

--- 帖子 #158 ---
hi remember Friday cab be a very tricky day for trading

--- 帖子 #159 ---
hi guys,

I added the auto lot size by account equity and also an MA-filter option.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Thanks for the EA. I wanted to confirm a few following things and start the EA:

1) Is the EA based on FXMD original idea. i.e. 16 M15 candles creating a BO zone of max 45 pips. if zone is bigger than 45 pips then adjust the zone to 45 pips based on latest extreme?

2) Will this EA wait for a M15 candle to close above/below the zone and only then take trade if price is still within 2-3 pips of the BO zone?

3) how does the EA do the risk management of the trade? I mean does it do any trailing at any point? does it do any break even at any point once certain pips are gathered?

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
How about investing your time in doing backrest to find out instead of demanding time from someone who has already collaborated so much for free.?

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Thanks for sharing the EA

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Today's trade was a loser. It could have been a break even if we would do put some trade management in place. I mean once we have certain % of pips profit we move our SL to break even. But I am not sure what will be the net result of this and how it will impact several trades that make profit. I intend to do a backtest this weekend on last 1 year to find out what will be % winners and % losers with setting breakeven when trade is at 85% of targeted profit

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Good idea, it will certainly be helpful

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Winner trade today

--- 帖子 #167 ---
FXMD,

I am trying to do a visual backtest for the whole 1 year (2017) to find out how many winners, losers, Breakeven or N o trades. I just noticed that the indicator is not drawing the BO zone correctly as we expect or maybe I am doing something wrong. Can you please advise what could be the reason? I believe we want the BO zone to be using "Stick box to latest Extreme = True" But that is not what it is doing. Actually quite the opposite. Also if I set it to false it is still not setting the BO zone to latest extreme. Following are the screenshots for the Zone for Jan 15 2018 with 2 different settings. I am also pasting screenshot of indicator settings below.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Hello. Today, according to the rules, the signal sent to StopLas hit !!!!!!

--- 帖子 #169 ---
that is not true! It has hit the take profit. Please explain when did you take the trade and when did it hit your SL? You might be doing something wrong.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Is that correct؟؟؟

--- 帖子 #171 ---
I knew you would have done that but didn't want to assume it. OK so to answer your question this is not a correct entry!

You do not just enter at the "Buy Entry" You wait till you get a M15 candle to close above this line. Only after you get this confirmation you enter a buy trade. If the price has moved too much already then you wait for it to retrace back.

I know this could get confusing...I was confused as well. Feel free to ask for any further clarifications if needed.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Where is it in the rules?

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Very first post! Look at the chart the rules are on it

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Box>50p

no entry using the FXmd rules

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trailing_stop.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Hey guys. Except EJ are there other pairs that work well. Im doing a little backtest will let you know. I will check GBP pair as they move a lot. What do you guys think. I know its best results is with EJ but its worth backtesting.

Nick

--- 帖子 #179 ---
GN.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Too much movement will disqualify it most of the time

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Yeah, it is a bit mental!

I use it in a method which is similar to this but makes use of that madness.

CJ used to be good, last time I checked anyway - but no idea if it still holds up.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
This weeks results:

Monday: Break Even

Tuesday: Winner

Wednesday: Winner

Thursday: Winner

Friday: Break Even

Overall good week. No losing trade.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
FXMD,

I really wanted to do a visual backtest for the whole year 2017 keeping in mind that if the profit reaches at 85% of TP then we set the SL to breakeven and find out how many total trades, winners, losers and break even.

I posted here about the indicator not setting the zone to the latest extreme when zone above 45 pips. I have also posted screenshots to show you that. Did you choose to ignore my post?

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hit TP 2 times.. close these trade before TP Target line..

--- 帖子 #185 ---
When do you move SL to BE?

--- 帖子 #186 ---
There is no such defined rule about when you set your SL to BE. I have just seen FXMD mention it lightly on several posts. I was considering to set the SL to BE once you have acquired 85% of your profit target.

I like this system but I highly doubt it produces 81% winners like FXMD claims....or have claimed for the year 2017. I still need to get have the following areas that I am not clear about to come to my own conclusions:

1) The indicator is not working as expected. It is not drawing the BO zone to latest extreme all the time. Its inconsistent.

2) There are discrepancies in the report that FXMD has produced for the year 2017. I want to double check all that.

3) There has been no clear definitions of the following items: a) when do you move your SL to BE? b) when do you enter the trade if the price has moved way past the BO zone. I understand you wait for price to retrace but no clarity at what price you enter? We may not get many trades once we define these parameters. The trades could be winner trades or loser trades. But until we define this....we cannot claim 81% winners. This is far from truth!

--- 帖子 #187 ---
I will be creating a report for the full year 2017 using the following rules:

1) Take trade only after M15 close above/below BO zone. After the close take trade if price is equal to or less than 3 pips from the BO zone. If it is more than 3 pips you wait till it is equal to 3 pips.

2) If the indicator does not mark the BO zone correctly (adjust it to latest extreme with max 45 pips) I will manually do it.

3) Set SL to BE once price is 5 pips away from profit target. This might lead to BE on some trades instead of profit but it will save us from a loss.

Any volunteers to do the same for the year 2016?

--- 帖子 #188 ---
You know the rules and the indicator is just a support to understand the strategy, I do not depend on the indicator to take trades I do it all manually. If you want to use your limited time doing back test to get a 100% accurate system go ahead. It may take you a while. On the other hand it’s not just my word backing up the 81% accuracy for the amount of time provided for back test. I shared the pdf with screenshot of 100+ trades over the past year and got this percentage of accuracy, do Not over complicate your trading.

About break even “Rule”

The truth is there is no rule, it’s open to use your discretion. But what I think is a good time to break even is when price gets 2-3 pips away from TP and starts retracing. Why, I think everyone hates when price gets very close to TP and then retraces and goes to stop loss.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
1) The indicator is not working as expected. It is not drawing the BO zone to latest extreme all the time. Its inconsistent.

If I remember correctly a lot of the early versions of this indi were buggy like this, one I had certainly was - one way to kick start it is to jump to a different tf and then back again and it resets itself properly.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Very supporting this strategy. For me like as an example it coming back not like life (trading) rules but more like guidances to imagine where the target is, because most of the time price are moving where ever want, what ever want.

Had open positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Couple more
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Thanks Buddy! I will try your suggestions.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
No I don’t ignore you, I’m busy and can’t reply with detail promptly mid week

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Thanks for your message. You obviously followed some rule when concluding the winners to be 81% and what you used in the .pdf. That all that that I and some other members were interested to know. I would really appreciate if you could clarify some of the questions I asked in post before on Point # 3.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Nice, as you said it’s a quick, visual guide to set TP, SL parameters. Anyways this can be done and is not hard to do from any MT4 wether mobile or PC,

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Oh, I did the back test using the same settings for the indicator as the one I shared in Post 1 that’s why it’s important you use the same template, also the price feed was on Tradersway broker (feed may vary from broker to broker) and I “took” each trade based on breakout of the box no matter what this box looked like, (even if it was less than 15 pips and more than 45 pips). Tp to Sl relationship of 1:1.

thats how I got those results over that specific period.

so

1. Use same settings as in template in post 1

2. Buy/sell all the breakouts(closing of CS out of zone)

3. Tp and Sl ratio of 1:1

4. Tradersway price feed

5. Dates from May12/2017 to Jan 12/2018

--- 帖子 #196 ---
hi guys very interesting i do trade almost the same but you guys are you taking the trade only with the trend that what i do more secure thanks anywhere

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Thank you. Appreciate your reply.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
I tried your suggestions but something still seems to be off. I am on the version and template that I believe is the latest from the Post # 1.

Here is the screenshot. I have set the parameter to use "Latest extreme" You will see it is not setting latest extreme for Jan 15. It is setting it properly for Jan 16 in the following screenshot.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
The trade on Jan 15 will be a loser trade based on the current BO zone. But if the BO zone was correctly set i.e. "45 pips max to latest extreme" then this would be a winner trade.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
FXMD

Seems like the indicator is designed to work this way. It is not drawing the BO zone like how we (atleast I) expect. It does not seem like its setting the zone to Latest extreme. I also saw your report. Even in there it is not setting it to latest extreme. Any idea how the indicator sets the zone? Look at the Jan 15 and Jan 16 zone that it has set to get an idea.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Mmmm...interesting. I guess it's something that's staring us in the face and we just can't see it.

Only thing I could suggest is to go to the old, original SSBO thread and download a variant from there and see if it works (also useful to see how this compares and all).

All the legwork and questions you'll get here will already have been covered there.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Also if you g**gle "ssbo dynamic breakout box indicator" you will find enough material to keep you occupied for a year, lol. Everything from indi downloads to YuToob videos.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Try this settings to see if it works better
Attached File(s)   breakout.rar

< 1 KB
|
1,047 downloads

I also added the settings file for the indicator, I made a change in last extreme so you can see if its better to what youre looking for

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Your screenshot and settings indicate that you have set latest extreme to "false" That is not what I am looking for!

What I am suggesting is that when we set the "Stickbox to latest extreme" to true....it is not doing it correctly....it is inconsistent. It is done correctly for most days but not setting it correctly for certain day. I provided you screenshots of both in some of my previous posts.

Thanks again for your help.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Ok, sorry but I can help you any further with indicator work mechanism

--- 帖子 #206 ---
no problem. Thanks for all your help so far. I will figure out something.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
It was a long read... cant wait to test it up.... Thank you FXMD

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Hi FXmd

I have try apply your template and indicator for back testing. But yesterday I notice that the breakout happened 15 mins earlier than it should be ( see attached)

What I mean is I thought whatever candles that generate within the box will define the size of the box until the next candle post 4 hr from the market open that will trigger the breakout? In this case can you tell me when exactly the box be setup since the breakout has happened 15 earlier than I anticipated?

--- 帖子 #209 ---
No I do not know what the issue is, but I suspect it’s related to indicator working mechanism of which I can not provide support. Try doing it manual mode.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
I have seen few inconsistencies myself with the indicator. I say lets use the indicator with a grain of salt or not use it at all!

But the strategy still is very interesting. I have spent good effort in understanding the indicator and what it does and realized it just cannot be relied on for real trading this system.

So I just stick to manually draw a rectangle everyday at 9:00pm EST (this cover 4 H1 candles, or 16 M16 candles) Just draw a rectangle from high to low. This is your BO zone. If the size of the zone is between 15 and 45 pips...you just use it. If more than 45....adjust it to 45 pips by moving it to the latest extreme. If less than 15, I just rather not trade.

I will be happy to help if any further questions.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
hi i do watch very very closely but could you telle me do you trade with the trend or not cause even you have a signal some i wont take it

--- 帖子 #212 ---
I am not sure if you were asking this to me in particular. But I do not trade this system in LIVE account yet. I do sometimes take a trade on DEMO but even that I am not doing it consistently.

I am still on research mode for this strategy. Due to inconsistencies about several things I have not been able to come up with my own set of rules to trade this. I plan to come up with such rules and I will be happy to post of anyone interested. Once I set those rules, I will visually check a good chunk of data (at least 1 year) and find out the positive expectancy....the winner:loser ratio. If I find this winners to be over 65% I sure will consider trading it on LIVE account.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
hi

thanks i do trade only on live account but that system his fine but i wont trade some signal against the trade do have another system or very very happy with it but always try to improved thanks

--- 帖子 #214 ---
As always, indicators are just a visual tool but there is no better way to do it than manual.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Yalgaar I am interested  Thanks Tom

--- 帖子 #216 ---
I have changed my settings to increase the max box size to 60 pips. I have also set it so that the box continues to grow even if it is out of range.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Interesting system, EURJPY TP1 hit this morning.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
This is not my final list. But here are the rules I am setting up for myself for trading this systems:

1) The BO box will be the high-low of 16 M15 candles. If the range is more than 45 pips, I will adjust this to 45 pips by setting it to latest extreme. The current indicator is not doing this consistently. So will have to manually do this.

2) Wait for M15 candle to close beyond the BO zone set on Rule 1. Once there is a close of candle and if current price is within 3 pips of the BO box. Take the trade. If not set a Pending Order at 3 pips beyond the BO box so your trade is triggers when price retraces.

3) Set the TP (same pips as the range of the box, this might be little bit more due the the 3 pips rule I am using and spread)

4) Set the SL (same as the range of the box)

5) Once the trade is making 85% of the target, I will move my SL to breakeven.

I will be doing a visual testing from Jan 2017 to present date based on the above rules as soon as I get some time (most liked this weekend) I will post my results here so it might help others.

I welcome anyone who has any suggestions to the above rules.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
As someone who has already trodden this path, one suggestion I would make is to look at tp at 1/2 the size of the box  (also option to lock-in percentage at +5).

--- 帖子 #220 ---
oh so you have already done visual testing based on the above rules? Can you share your results?

--- 帖子 #221 ---
R:R=1/2 ? Not interesting, right?

SL to BE at 5%? So only 5% for market breath?

At what mechanical system have you made these observations? Have you made it profitable? At real account or demo?

Anyway, I thank you for your work and suggestions!

--- 帖子 #222 ---
I agree with you...with the risk:reward being 2:1...this strategy will most likely not work! With this kind of RR, we need a much better percentage of Winner:Loser ratio.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
You’re focusing too much on perfecting a system, you’ll be disappointed in the end. Anyways if you follow the system rules on post 1 you will be making

--- 帖子 #224 ---
No, I haven't done visual testing, I use the same indicator in my own method with my own rules (on one of my live accounts). My Risk:Reward is not as you suspect because I use counter-trading if the original move goes against me.

My rules are my rules, not those above and I have worked out a small set of pairs that move in one specific way and only use this on those pairs. This method is extremely robust and profitable. Risk:Reward is only a small part of any trading story, as in the real world, probability of trade success (strike-rate) is much more important to me.

However, as it in reality has so many personal takes not seen in this method, then I shouldn't have brought it up. I simply thought that perhaps a nudge in the direction of thinking ''outside the box'' (pardon the pun) may have been helpful.

Fxmd is much more on the money in his last post above, when he says follow his rules as read, as he too has taken an existing method and made it his own by doing his own legwork.

The efficacy of doing this can be seen if you consider one thing: Why do you think the original thread / concept that this indicator came from died out?

(Oh and I don't actually run this any more, as I trade The DAX in the morning now instead, using a different method. There was nothing wrong with it, it's just that there is so much more bang-for-your-buck on The DAX).

--- 帖子 #225 ---
I don't see this as too much perfecting! All I am trying to do here is find the performance of this system to my satisfaction.

IMO a system with 1:1 RR with 81% winners is an amazing system. I am very excited about it but I am skeptical (respectfully) about the method you used to derive these numbers.

My skepticism is based on seeing your report...I noticed the following:

1) When I looked at all winners and losers. I didn't get it 81% like you mentioned. I believe I got around 72%

2) I also noticed some discrepancies as well. I believe 1 more user pointed this out. I confirmed his input.

3) I noticed that you might have considered a trade as a winner for certain trades...but if you used some kind of break even trade management it would be a breakeven trade and not a winner.

4) I also noticed for some trades you considered it as a winner even though it didn't hit the exact target. Maybe missed by just 1-2 pips.

My attempt is not a perfect a system. My attempt is to find the performance when you apply consistent rules on every single trade....Only then I consider it as a real performance.

I fear if I apply any rules consistently to every single trade...the winners % might drop to below 60%....and in that case...to me the system will not be so much appealing anymore. Personally I will use the system even if it performed 65% winners with 1:1 RR.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Ok good luck🕯

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Following

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Hi Fxmd,

My broker is Oanda...different brokers use different media feeds, so not everyone will experience the same exact results that you have achieved. Also, although clearly marked entries, we traders will vary our entries and exits due to any number of reasons. I did set my box to a minimum 20 and maximum 60 as it seems to capture more positive trade results.

I tested back to January 9th...the results were 15 wins/4 losses for a 79% expectancy rate and +437 pips! Almost exactly your 80% win%.

Thanks for promoting this trading method...I appreciate it.

Best,

BC2

PS: I joined your Telegram blog. I'm looking forward to gaining insight from you.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
if market has moved 100pips before the breakout occur, do you still trade the breakout ?

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Thanks for your comment, and yes I’m aware of what you said about data feed, that’s why I mention I got those results in Tradersway servers.

Good to see people experimenting with different settings

--- 帖子 #231 ---
At your own risk because there is a lower probability of it reaching the target, if you want to be on the safe side you don’t.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
so far great result , good job bro

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Hi FXMD, I have doubt here after it break upper line we take buy and it hits 1st tp and then break lower line as well. Can we take a sell after it breaks lower line or we should not be taking that order. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #234 ---
I would not recommend it as it can result in the same mechanism as martingaling, this time it would be a double winner but you could as well get a double looser. Nevertheless every setup is different from other setups and it must remain to your discretion wether you Take it or not, maybe you hit upper target but overall trend is bearish and you get a breakout to the downside, that overall trend may increase your odds of hitting lower target as well but this is not a general rule for every day or every market  (trending or ranging). It’s better to keep this system as simple as possible with as few rules as possible. Clean entries clean exits.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Iam make EA

Iam use pending order.

This is result first variant.

Still risk
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still risk 10% per trade
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is good result for you?

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Would like to see it forward tested before putting money in play with it but it surely proves EURJPY Breakout system is one of the systems with the most rational simplicity to profitability. Thanks for your work and sharing those results

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Hi, i have done visual backtest from July 2015 - April 2017. This was the result.

2015 JULY = 11

2015 AUGUST = -2

2015 SEPTEMBER = 8

2015 OCTOBER = 7

2015 NOVEMBER = 4

2015 DECEMBER = -1

2016 JANUARY = 3

2016 FEBRUARY = 8

2016 MARCH = 1

2016 APRIL = 2

2016 MAY = 10

2016 JUNE = 8

2016 JULY = 5

2016 AUGUST = -1

2016 SEPTEMBER = 8

2016 OCTOBER = -1

2016 NOVEMBER = 6

2016 DECEMBER = 1

2017 JANUARY = 5

2017 FEBRUARY = 5

2017 MARCH = 2

2017 APRIL = -1

The numbers mean total profit-loss. Probability win rate is 60.5%.

From my point of view this strategy is still profitable in the long term, just stick to the strategy.

Regards,

Tom

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Beautiful, thanks for your work.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
So I did visual testing of last 6 months. I used the following very simple rules:

1) Take trade when price breaks out. Candle does not have to close above/below the BO zone.

2) Once trade is taken it hits SL or TP...No breakeven logic applied.

3) Once a trade is taken...that will be only trade for the day.

4) Do not take trade when BO zone more than 45pips or less than 15 pips.

Here are my results. 42 Loser trades. 52 Winners. This brings us to around 55% win rate.

If anyone as any questions about method used about this conclusion please feel free to ask.

Jan 2018

LLLPPLLPPPPPPL

6L

8P

Dec 2017

LLPPPPPLPLLPLLP

7L

8P

NOV 2017

PPLPPLPLPLPLLPPP

6L

10P

OCT 2017

LLLLLPPLPPPLLPLLLPP

11L

8P

SEP 2017

LLPPPPPLPLPLLPPL

7L

9P

AUG 2017

LLPPPPLLPLPPPP

5L

9P

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Your result is not based on my EURJPY system rules. still positive result in the end

--- 帖子 #242 ---
WOW! I am surprised you deleted my post!

What exactly is that you disliked about it?

--- 帖子 #243 ---
After running some optimization tests on the EA I decided on some small changes. Set the breakout box to 6 hours (instead of 4), Max box size is 60 pips and min is 25 pips. I cannot watch charts so I set pending orders at box high and low and add 5 pip buffer. I delete the opposite pending order once price triggers first order. I also have a breakeven set at 5 pips below the 1:1 target. If take profit and stop loss have not been hit at the end of the day I will move the stop. If trade is in profit I move to breakeven + pips and if it is negative I move the SL up to the last swing high/low.

I have visually backtested from last week 09-Feb-18 back to 01-Jan-17. I have marked up my charts and gone through it twice. This is still by no means 100% (as the human eye likes to cheat) but I trust it more than MT4 Strategy Tester.

My results are TP 141 and SL 57. If this was traded at 1% per trade you would be looking at a 84% gain over 13 months. The most consecutive losses was 4. Screen capture shows win losses from a daily perspective with indi removed.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Very good work!  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Hi FXMD, I have another doubt today. 2 hours after putting on order rite after the candle close above the ENTRY BUY line it have moved above from the original place. What we should do now? should i move my TP to the new line or leave as it is.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #246 ---
I don’t understand why you open a trade there

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Food for thought:

Has anyone researched which trading days are more profitable with this strategy? For example, is Sunday night/Monday morning a bad day to trade historically compared to other days of the week?

Should we be adjusting the allowable box size to coincide with the changing ADR?

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Winner Winner, Chicken Dinner!  +35 pips for my 1st live trade strictly following Fxmd's rules. Thanks Fxmd!

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Sharp 4 hours after market opens, the box was there, 2 hours after that it moved upwards....

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Will need to go back and see whether this break even is worthwhile. Got triggered today to the pip and meant I missed the big move

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Traders' remorse is a terrible thing.

If you are going to check how many big moves you missed out on, be sure to also check how many times it saved a complete reversal and full loss. Not getting at you, and it sounds obvious but the human brain is funny that way - it always remembers the ones that got away.

Better to look at some way of adding in to a trade that could run alongside this entry method to maximise these big moves.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
100%. Will need to check over the last year and confirm

--- 帖子 #253 ---
No need to worry as long you stick to your strategy. Of course there will be plus and minus. And well said lemercenaire.

regards,

Tom

--- 帖子 #254 ---
stay focused on long term results

--- 帖子 #255 ---
so true!

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Sounds very interesting - may you tell us your average monthly profit?

Best hundsbua

--- 帖子 #257 ---
So today's trade worked out.

+40 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Winner, Winner, Chicken Dinner!  +40 pips today.

+75 pips in 2 days live.

Thanks, Fxmd!

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Text book trade, quick PIPs in and out.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Hi.. I'm new here. Downloaded your system last night to have a try.. Just wondering if the layout is correct?

--- 帖子 #261 ---
This system will benefit from adding two horizontal lines showing low and high of the previous day as possible targets; the high as a possible target for long, the low as a possible target for short, using a trailing stop after a 1:1 reward/risk ratio.

Trade safe and prosper.

KP

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Yes that looks correct

If you are using the provided indicator, it is already there.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Thanks Ivanyo. But my buy and sell lines seem to be off, compared to yours..

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Try reinstalling the indicator and see if it works

--- 帖子 #265 ---
hi

many times did ask do you take trade only on the trend of the day ? thanks

--- 帖子 #266 ---
No, read the thread.

There is a reason it's called a breakout trade - it can break out either direction.

For example, this would be today's entries (assuming you don't mind the 45 pip issue mentioned earlier in this thread).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Box size of 62 pips exceeds strategy parameters...is anyone trading this anyway? I am not...I AM following the rules.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Well in the PDF he said that you can still make profit, but the probability is lower.

I wonder what the percentage is like with and without the strategy parameters - I will do some research this weekend maybe.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
ok. so what is going on here, with regards to the timezones.

iam in london , so i assume the 4hrs high/low should be taken from 10pm to 2am ? is that correct. and it seems it is best to look at the 4hrs high low on a 15 minute chart ?

i did take the trade last night. it broke the 4hrs high, the buy was triggered but very soon price reversed and stopped me out. too bad.

just one question, is it worth trading on the sunday night when the asian markets open for the week ?

do you folks trade just the  breakout or wait for it to breakout then reverse and then trade the bounce ?

--- 帖子 #270 ---
You guessed it right about 10pm - 2am London time for the 4 hour BO zone.

Sorry about the last night trade being stopped out.

The OP has not posted any rules about being selective about the days. This is subjective and its up to the trader.

As per the OP you wait till a M15 candle closes above/below the BO zone. Only after that you take the trade. About reverse and bounce...and about how much reverse and how much bounce....this is subjective...you make your own rules. The OP did not define this.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
EA updated.

Update:

1. if "PlaceOrderAfterCloseOutsideBox" Option is true, Limit order will be placed after last candle closed above/below box.

Otherwise, EA will put stop buy/sell order.

2. Trail Stop Option

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Awesome. Thanks for sharing. Where will the limit order be placed? Exactly on the edge of the box or within a couple of pips?

Also on Friday the EA I tested Breakout_v1_1a on a AUD$1500 account and selected "Use AutoLotSize" at 1% and it placed a 0.37 lot trade. By my calculations it should have been a 0.02 position size. Has any one else experienced this?

Below is a Strategy Tester run through of the last week using Breakout_v2a. You can see the results for a USD$1000 account and the lot sizes are about 10 times too big.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #273 ---
well well i do not agree with you guys i only take the break out trade in the trend of the day that why i got all winners some days you have a trade  some days none his not how many trade his only the winners trade will make you successful .

--- 帖子 #274 ---
hi

okay guys you want to make money on that one easy just trade with the trend  then also check your  level and reward if only 10 p i wont take the trade  some days will have 2 trade some days none patience let the trade come to you ,all the set up has to be correct at 100%  avoid the wrong signal  .then make sure you have a strong trend or it will reverse then you will panic if he goes to 20 p stop lost only experienced experienced and practiced.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Then stick to your trading plan

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #277 ---
All winners!! Really?

Can you provide more details? Do you still use the BO zone and take the trade only in the direction of the trend when it breaks out? How do you determine the trend?

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Keith,

I will check that tonight.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Thanks for sharing your observations FXMD. I have just entered my first trade with your guidelines in mind. Looking forward to exploring more.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Update - v2.1a:

- bug fixed with the lot size issue. see attached EA v2.1

- limit order will be placed at the highest/lowest of the box plus the "TradeBufferPip".

--- 帖子 #281 ---
so, do you trade on the break of BO zone, or wait for the 15m candle to close after the break ?

--- 帖子 #282 ---
furthermore, once you enter a trade, how long do you leave it open for if it has not reached your TP or SL ?

and is it just one trade a day or you take both buy and sell if both triggered ?

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Wait for candle break. And leave it till it hits TP or SL. only one trade each day.if you want a system to take many trades during the day check out my USDJPY scalping system.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hi

Thanks for sharing the ea

I would like to use the ea on a 5m and 15m chart and place the box for example from 04:00 to 07:55

or from 04:00 – 07:45.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
thanks for the EA

could you put all tp

tp1

tp2

tp3

tp4

tp5

thanks

--- 帖子 #286 ---
3 losing trades out of 4 attempts this week so far...-92 pips

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Hi StayFoolish,

1. Are you able to add only until a certain timing then the position will be triggered?

2. It seems like the position will be close (profit / loss) once it reach a certain hour. Is it because it is creating a new box therefore my position has to be closed no matter what? In that case, are you able to twig the EA to let it continue to run till it hits profit/loss instead of closing it immediately when creating new box?

Thanks for the EA!

--- 帖子 #288 ---
ForexFactory should not tolerate racism.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Thank you ForexFactory for being classy and quickly addressing the racist remark.

Now let’s continue to enjoy concentrating on forex!!

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Hi Yumnyap,

Do you mean opening a delay market order after the candle closed above/below box?

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Yes. E.g, the position will only trigger 6 hours after the box is created. 6 hours later and must be outside of the box after the candle close.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
I tested the EA. Here's the results below.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
I also tested the EA for GBPUSD for 1 year round. Here's the results on attachment.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Those results are very encouraging...thanks for posting, TheBestMA!

--- 帖子 #295 ---
thanks for the updated EA Stayfoolish.

One thing I am confused about, is the EA intended still for H1 chart as mentioned earlier? As the original system is M15 system. Any clarification from anyone would be appreciated

thanks, blam

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Hello..

Thank you for TS and EA contributor..

I would like to contribute as well to this community

Here is my set ( rename .txt to .set - since I cant upload .set file )

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   Break Out V2.1 - EJ H1 1000USD_2.txt

3 KB
|
540 downloads

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Thanks for sharing your results. Good to see more people showing proof of the validity of this system and thanks to StayFoolish for his amazing work with the EA.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Can you share the setting?

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Actually, we should thank you. By the way, as far as I can see, TP ratio of 2 and SL ratio of 1 give better results. And the best pairs are as follows; eurjpy, gbpusd, euraud, gbpchf.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Dear EA testers,

Do you test box size of 4 (as Fxmd researched) or 6 hours?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Hello everyone!

I stumbled upon this thread and I was curious about this method so I wanted to give it a try.

I'm a developer and I built my own backtesting software, because I really don't trust commercial ones, especially due to the very low precision with old data.

So I prepared my backtesting lab with tick by tick data since 2009. I coded this strategy in the system and these are the results in the period from 2016-01-01 to 2018-01-31:

On 280 trades, 143 were profitable, so 51,07% of success, with an overall P/L of 216,15 pips (the broker spread is already included in this case).

From this data and the chart, I can tell there is a high probability of being a zero sum game. Although in the last few months, starting from November 2017 the system performed really well.

I coded the strategy with the rules from the first post, without any improvement. I don't want to discourage anyone, I will try to backtest the system with different configurations using the improvements that You talked about. At the moment in my opinion, it's really difficult to see an "edge" in this system.

Let's keep trying and see what happens

--- 帖子 #302 ---
I stumbled upon this as well a few days ago and spent a big chunk of the weekend back testing. I found that varying the target size in relation to the risk served well. I tested from 2.5R to a 1R depending on the size of the "box".

Also noticed that often times when the position fails in one direction, it will turn and perform beautifully in the other. Again this was qualified with the initial size of the box.

Then another thought i will be using in the weeks ahead is combining the "BOX" with currency strength and S/D. Figure this will add to the edge.

I think the box has a lot of potential, not sure if it can be coded and traded as a robot.

My testing from May to present using the various size rewards and reversing the position on an initial failed trade. No consideration for currency strength or S/D. yielded 87R to the negative. 139R to the positive. So I think the results can be improved with a little manual trading.

Rufus

--- 帖子 #303 ---
I tried also to change the R/R to 2:1 but the problem is that the majority of the trades will last the whole day. When You say 2.5R You mean using a TP that is 2.5 times the box size?

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Yes. But it varied on the size of the box. Taking in consideration the ATR.

15-19 pip box 2.5R

20-25 pip box 2R

26-35 pip box 1.5R

36-45 pip box 1R

Did not reverse the position on anything over a 40 pip box.

Saw also that if the position was not complete by the US open it seemed to be best to either move the stop to BE or close the position if it was not in profit...

I am looking forward to watching this in relation to currency strength and S/D zones. I think it will improve the edge even more.

Rufus

--- 帖子 #305 ---
I see I can't message you. Shoot me one. I would be interested in automating it. Might include something about currency strength in relation to target size. Going to watch this for a spell and see if my thoughts are valid.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
I don’t know why. Maybe because I’m still a junior member.

By the way, next to my backtesting platform I have also my trading daemon, so basically I’m ready to use the strategy in a fully automated environment. If We can improve the edge I think this could be a really good strategy. I will try to code Your suggestions and will see the results... Thanks

--- 帖子 #307 ---
EA should be ready for 15min chart.

Try on demo first and let me know if bug is found.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Hi StayFoolish,

I appreciate what you do. I just want to ask you one thing about EA. Can you add fibonacci levels and get them to auto trade at certain levels like 61.8? Is it possible?

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Let's try this on GBPUSD.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
i got the trade. So far so good. but i dont know how many times it gives green pips. Im gonna continue to test.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
This is why I mention  I’m using Tradersway broker cause feed can vary from broker to broker and it may have a negative impact if the system is automated.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
You’re right, manual trading gives better results, this system is profitable even automated although it wasn’t meant to be automated. StayFoolish has made a very good work to adapt an EA to the syste: and voila!

--- 帖子 #313 ---
StayFoolish

could you please put on the EA

time on HH:MM

Start time

End time

thanks

--- 帖子 #314 ---
can you please share your settings? thanks

--- 帖子 #315 ---
yes i´m with him. cheers

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Open transaction by EA :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed EA transaction :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Looking good. You might be onto something here. I saw it take off the other day too but missed it. Thanks friend FXMD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Hello Gavin,

The Box start & end period is told to be the backbone of the system, So, the box start time is Sydney open now. Are you considering DTS switches in your backtest?

Tokyo session start time does not change but Australians shifted DTS on October 1st (5 months before) and Sydney start time changed after that. In your post you said "EA started doing well starting from November". If you can do your backtests according to DTS switches of Sydney Australia, I believe your results may change significantly, of course that effect should also be considered for the general system I believe.

To FXMD:

Hello,

Thank you for your efforts for the community. A question for you on the same issue:

Are you considering DTS switches of Sydney session as you are saying the box start time is before and after 2 hours from Tokyo session? Do you believe we need to adjust the box start time according to Sydney open when DTS switches on April 1 next month?

Thanks and Regards

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Thanks, I did not take that into consideration.

By the way, altough proitable, from November 2017 to January 2018 my backtest says 52% winning trades. And from November 2016 to January 2017 it says 44% with a loss of 90 pips.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
EA v2.2

- add expiry time for pending order

- add entry level for limit order

- add minutes for box setting

- add option to close trade at day end

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Hey Stayfoolish, Nice to see you again. You are doing great in that thread. Thank you for your EA.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Late entry here. But as you can see, another win of at least 50 pips had u have gone short at BO. Like it so far, and no sweat for me to log on and place a trade as it's during my daytime here. Looking forward to tomorrow!. Thanks friend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #323 ---
hello..im using ic markets..can you check if my settings of drawing the box are right??

thanks
http://prntscr.com/in21qm

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Ready to pounce -

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #325 ---
hi can anyone kindly check if my settings of box is correct..its on ic markets which is gmt+2 THANKS

--- 帖子 #326 ---
thanks for the EA

Gracias

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Stayfoolish, I have some questions about the Ea. İf you please kindly reply I’ll apreciate:

1. In case an electric cut or restart of Mt4 when a position is open, does the Ea rehandle the trades and take control of them after it is run again? Suggesting to run it on a vps?

2.Does the ea have an expiry date?

3. You already told how your EA works but just wondering; Will you share the source code?

When I like an Ea, questions above start to eat my mind.

Thank you and regards.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
1. EA should be able to rehandle trades. I currently run on VPS but I dont think VPS is necessary.

2. EA has no expiry date.

3. source code is not disclosed.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Wow that was quick. Thanks

--- 帖子 #330 ---
StayFoolish has done a great job coding this system and improving it. He shares what he wants and is very kind. Do not try to get advantages. Ok

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Stayfoolish

the EA have a problem when i run a test on visual model isee

the ...close open order at new day...

do not work fine

could check it please

--- 帖子 #332 ---
your saying that the indicator will draw the box by itself?...mine is not doing that and i have followed all your directions

any ideas?

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Hi Stayfoolish, thanks for doing this for the forex community.

I have some qns,

1.how does it automatically ‘place order after close outside the box’? Apparently it doesn’t work now that u have added in the ‘entry level’ and ‘pending expiry after signal’

2. Can u add in a ‘buystop’ /‘sellstop’. Say the candle close outside the box and it re enter the box again. So I can place a ‘buystop’ for it to trigger when it is moving out of the box.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
yumnyap,

‘place order after close outside the box’  is for limit type order only.

if you set ‘place order after close outside the box’  = false, EA will place buy/sell stop orders after then breakout box is formed.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Juan,

I don't have this issue in my backtest.

could you upload some examples?? so that I can look into my code.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hi stayfoolish,

http://i67.tinypic.com/2pzmmh4.jpg

i have attached a file, from my file you can see that even thought my place order is false, there is no buy order triggered. Correct me if there’s any amendment needed to be done on the inputs.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
have you check the box size range?? EA would not place any order if box size outside the min/max requirement.

also, can you inspect the backtest log?

--- 帖子 #338 ---
yes, but if you leave the trade open until it hits TP or SL, the trade could go on for several days if TP or SL is not reached on the day. and could overlap with newer trades.

as regards to the box being drawn from 22.00 pm to 2.00 am london time. if iam looking at the 15 mins chart to draw this box, what i should be using is the start of 22.00 pm 15 minute candle to the 1.45 am 15 minute candle. (the 1.45  15 min candle  closes at 2.00 am). so the two candles used to draw the box zones will be the 15 minute candle at 22.00 pm and the 15 minute candle at 1.45 am.  is that correct ?

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Stayfoolish,

I have some other questions about the EA. Would you mind replying please?

1. Assume that a trade is open and new day comes and I want to change the settings by loading a new set file or just change some settings manually, How will the EA behave to the previously open trade and will it handle to manage the new day’s trade?

2. Assume I run that Ea and want to also add a different EA to the same chart . Will that work or should I open a new chart of the same pair and add the other EA on the new chart?

• combining with the 1st question, can I run that Ea with some settings and add one other same ea on the same chart but with different set file. I ask this because I may want to change the settings everyday on one pair as there is already one or multiple open trades for one single pair.

3. I know that EA is prepared for forex market but what If I want to try some settings with commodities or indices? I tried to make a backtest on Dax but but it looks it’s not working. Can you help on that?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
a quick question, will this work on MT5

--- 帖子 #341 ---
It should be working but left with one question. I have attached a file. The 'buy stop' and 'sell stop' order (which i circled) will expire even though nothing was triggered. how do i let it open till one side is triggered?

--- 帖子 #342 ---
I make the ea work on some other pairs to understand how it's going to work

I did not close the chart but I changed the set file when the ea was  already running. Then it did not take any trade although there is a valid signal.

Is that supposed to happen or am I doing something wrong?

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Good Morning,

I came across this interesting thread last night and gave it a try.

First target profit goal is locked in.

This is a manual trade.

//////////

--- 帖子 #344 ---
What are your moving averages parameters?

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Strategy yes, EA will not work.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Do your own research.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Hi Birpinar,

If you modify your EA after a trade has been placed you're EA isn't going to recognize/manage the already open live-trade when it re-opens. Make sense? An EA is only capable of managing its functions and actions "forward in time" as far as I'm aware. Sure it can load historical information and use it to calculate currency strengths and moving averages etc, etc...

Also, when you add an EA in MT4 make sure to close out the program and restart it. I learned this lesson the hard way...

So, determine how many EA's you're trying to configure and run, open the relevant number of charts, adjust whatever you need to adjust, and then "SAVE" those parameters as a template, close, restart, and trade...

If you're testing variants of the same EA, or entirely different EA's you need to be doing that on separate charts. Maybe there are other opinions to that, but that's just how I have always done it.

As for back-testing that's cool, but I prefer testing EA's on active Demo Accounts and analyzing that data over several months. You can force-load historical data using a script if an EA is reliant on historical data. I'll attach one here for you. All you gotta do is install the script into scripts obviously, then drag it onto the chart with the EA you're wanting to use, go to the Experts Tab at the bottom and watch it cycle, once everything is loaded return to your chart and execute your strategy.

Hope this helps...

--- 帖子 #348 ---
March 9, 2018

Buy Target 1 met.

Trade closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Hi stayfoolish, thanks for the ea,

The ea works great, but the Risk Percent calculation is not correct. If I set the Risk Percent at 5% the real Risk is only about 3% .

Could you have a look into it? (i have a Euro Account)

--- 帖子 #350 ---
make sure you use the same magic number when you use the new set file.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Currently the risk percent is based on USD account.

I will make it in the next update.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Please check the "end_trade_hour".

All pending order including STOP and LIMIT orders will be closed at end_trade_hour.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Thanks stayfoolish, you stay smart

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Hi FXMD,

due to the US DST time change, all of MT4 servers timezone will change from GMT+2 to GMT+3.

Do we need any change on your system?

Thanks bro.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
I'm not FXMD but I believe I can post your answer. Standard GMT does not change. So if your broker changes their charts for some reason yes. If not no.  You can Google "what is GMT time right now" then compare that to what your broker is doing on the charts.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
fxmd

could you kindly respond to my post 354 on page 18.

also, i take it that tokyo open or the asian market here in london is at 12am midnight ?

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Yes, first Candlestick opens 22:00 gmt last Candlestick closes at 2am gmt

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Thanks for every kind reply.

Stayfoolish,

Does not that EA work in 5 minute chart.

In backtest (after some optimization)I see it's giving results but In my live account's journal it says, Testgenerator unmatched data error. low value is not reached from the least timeframe..."

Thanks

--- 帖子 #359 ---
EA will work fine in 5 min chart but need to adjust the end min to 55.

your problem is not related to EA but related to MT4 historical data.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
March 12, 2018

Sell Target 1 not met.

Trade closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #361 ---
[

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Do you have any tips on how to maximize profit taking other than just moving sl to every take profit level?

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Hi Stayfoolish, thanks for being patient to our questions. Are you able to add on the EA whereby it will will only trigger my position on the '2nd touch' of the box. As more often than not, market will range and hit the bottom of the box (trigger position), then bounce up to the top (hit SL) of the box and lastly, it will break the support on the '2nd touch'. So safe to say, a buy/sell order/limit on the 2nd touch on the top or on the bottom of the box. The probability is much higher i feel. I have attached 2 files to explain what i meant.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
well, back tested visually. Seems working on 9 out out of 10 days. Good work !

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hi Fxmd, regarding your post#1, 4 hrs box, in the box, there must be 16 candles of 15 M time frame,

but you have more than that??? could you plz explain.  thanks.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
It's working well now.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Hi Caillo, it is 200 and 50 EMA

--- 帖子 #368 ---
March 13, 2018
Buy Target 5 met.
Trade closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #369 ---
thanks!

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Tested the last EA with several Time settings H1 to M15 on tickchart Octafx:

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Nice...unfortunately I set a TP

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Attachment g

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #374 ---
March 14, 2018

Sell Target 2 met.

Trade closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #375 ---
SO  this system will kill your account?

--- 帖子 #376 ---
You got what you deserved for not following the rules

--- 帖子 #377 ---
i tripled my account using this strategy for past 5 days.. pls check my explorer..

thank you so much Fxmd for this great and simple strategy..

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Beautiful. 5e purpose of this thread is completed for you. Always keep proper risk and money management.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
what is the risk level you foresee? From my back test, opposite of break level is little too much.

May be 70% of box range?

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Once again well done today. Frankly speaking I was not expecting the target to get hit. See the box. Orange.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
It would give a bad risk to reward ratio but you can try.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
March 15, 2018

Sell Target 1 not met.

Trade closed in profit.

//////////

--- 帖子 #383 ---
May be you need to adjust the box timing.

I live in Toronto. My timings :

Asian session opens at 5 PM. Tokyo opens at 8 pm. Box is finished at 10 pm.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
I meant after breakout, Reward 1.0 , Risk 0.7.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Dear Navk,

How about GMT+2 zone? What should I re-configure the indicator?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Yes, You must change the box timings. My time GMT - 4HRS.

My start time in box is 1hr, end time 5 hrs. ( 6PM EST AND 10 PM EST )

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Good it makes sense now.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
The EUR/JPY Sell Target 1 on my chart is 130.550

The EUR/JPY bid low from my broker was 130.549.

The ask price did not meet Sell Target 1 on my broker's chart.

//////////

--- 帖子 #389 ---
True, broker feed may vary by a few PIPs

--- 帖子 #390 ---
March 15, 2018

Re-entered trade at failure to close above Sell Entry.

Sell Target 1 not met.

Trade closed at profit.

//////////

--- 帖子 #391 ---
EJ might take a reversal tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Great that you finda system that is easy and that works but does it not feel like curve fitting  when it works best or only for 15 minute time frame on  1 pair and from 15-45 pips box ( works best i know )  ? Is it possible that you have adopted it changed it and  see hoow it worked for this period 2017 jan-2018 jan ?

Thank You

Best regards

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Are we still setting the box time 2 hours before and after Asia session? The reason I am asking is DTS switch in Sydney session. I think another friend had also asked the same question.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Before and after Asian session open. Which is GMT 22:00-2:00

--- 帖子 #395 ---
I modified this strategy a little bit.. i hedge (opening the same lot) when the price retrace 50% of the box..

--- 帖子 #396 ---
hi

big thank you for the system  always love the breakout of boxes  do have success most of the time but only trade with the trend  but do set up them for all session '.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #397 ---
hi there my broker is ic markets can u guide me how to configure the box ettings? thanks

--- 帖子 #398 ---
When the green bar is on 4pmstart drawing your box. On your MT4.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #399 ---
March 16, 2018

Sell Target 1 not hit.

Trade closed at breakeven.

//////////

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Box time set by me :

Start time : 1 ( This corresponds to 6 pm EST )

End time : 5. ( This corresponds to 10 pm EST )

Tokyo opens at 8 pm EST.

Convert EST to your time zone.

Google for converting EST to your time zone.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Hi, since Fxmd enters trade when the candle not only breaks out of the High and low of the 4H sessions, but also closes above/below the high/low respectively, trade should be executed upon closure of breakout candle, rather than using the limit order on the High/Low.

Is there a MQL4 version of the EA? I can probably help to make the EA take the trade during the breakout.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Hello, Andrew and dimash0609. I have followed this strategy and found out to be good in the long run. I have decided to code everything from zero and do full testing the whole of this week. So i will be glad to share my results with you.

[quote=dimash0609;10878113]

Your modifications are awesome and perfect. Could you share a little about it. Is it on this strategy because i did see you are on pivots and include other timeframes in your trade entries. I am so eager to hear from you dimash0609

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Hi FxMd, on post 381, I asked you a question, could you plz explain, thanks.s

--- 帖子 #404 ---
I don’t know where you see more css but stick to the rules.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
[quote=ninjah2r;10884000]{quote} Hello, Andrew and dimash0609. I have followed this strategy and found out to be good in the long run. I have decided to code everything from zero and do full testing the whole of this week. So i will be glad to share my results with you.
Hi Ninjah, my modification is quite simple.. the main concept is still the same, but rather than opening trade when the candle is closed, I just open it when the price touching the line..

when the price go against my position, I opened the 2nd trade (usually in 50% of the box size) with the same lot.. and closed it to breakeven.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
this chart is a loss trade if we use hard SL.. but I try to manage it with hedging:

1. buy triggered (Buy 0.1)

2. price retrace, at 50% of the current box open the same lot (buy 0.1)

3. close the trade when the price is moving to "entry buy"

what do you guys think about this?

of course if the price keep going south the loss is getting bigger, but I belive somehow the price will retest the ceilling or bottom..

--- 帖子 #407 ---
March 19, 2018

Sell Target 1 not hit.

Trade closed at loss.

//////////

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Are you sure your system is correctly configured . On mine it gave me a caution and I didnt put in any tread, because it was risky

--- 帖子 #409 ---
When the SL is hit, do you long when the price hit "entry buy"?

--- 帖子 #410 ---
You are correct. When the maximum range of 45 pips has been exceeded, the orange box indicates a higher risk trade.

I chose to enter despite the diminished chance of success. My system is correctly configured.

//////////

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Such action may be contrary to the official rules. However, had it not been for my need for sleep, I would have considered re-entering the trade as you describe.

//////////

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Me too.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
The difference between low and high price is about 65 pips, so it is not tradeble for this system. Am i wrong?

--- 帖子 #414 ---
From the official rules on Page 1, Post 1 of this forum:

"When the box size is 15-45 PIPs in range there is a higher probability your trade will reach the target as EURJPY ADR is 95+/- PIPs. If price is smaller than 15 PIPs or bigger than 45 PIPs there's a lower probability of your trade reaching the target, this doesn't mean it won't work, but probabilities do become lower".

//////////

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Man, I need to get this box right. My broker Oanda, server time is 2+ GMT.. if Im correct the time should be 22:00-2:00.. session end time 23:59??? ANYBODY HAVE THIS SAME TIME???

--- 帖子 #416 ---
...[/quote]...[/quote]...[/quote]...[/quote]

Hello dimash0609, thank you for your reply. Your modifications are perfect. I followed your positions trying to relate the setup. I don't know if i am doing wrong or i am missing some information. I attached the screenshot for all EURJPY operations. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, TRADE 1 is okay. I don't know about rules for TRADE 2.

Here is the last TRADE.

Could you explain this too?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Then your box should be 00:00 to 4:00

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Awesome, Thanks.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
EJ buy triggered, close at TP..

Green pips all

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Does anyone know if the box repaints? Are we able to reliably back test this strategy?

--- 帖子 #421 ---
March 20, 2018

Buy Target 1 hit.

Trade closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hello,

Congratulations, but if I'm not wrong, are you trading against the main rule of BOX size? I understood 15-45 pips are the limits. Do you trade everyday ignoring the box size?

thank you, great thread!

TONI

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hello Toni,

Thank you.

Please see the answer to your question on Page 22, Post #430 above.

//////////

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Basically you are lowering your average. I learned that concept a long time ago. Good is working for you.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Hi!  I have a question.  It's now March 20, 2018 and ADR 100 days looks like it's now near 103 pips instead of the 96 I see in this thread from January 2018.  Does the 15/45 pip box get bigger or smaller when ADR changes?  If so, by how much?  Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
No

--- 帖子 #427 ---
March 21, 2018

Sell Target 1 hit.

Trade closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Why you did not entered a buy on this trade? There were many opportunities where price open and close outside the box.. triggering a buy.. I don't see the reason for a sell.. I'm glad it worked for you, but i don't see it.. I did not enter because of the caution.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Anew idea.

Look at this image.

Once the price breaks bottom line or top line, the stop loss can be daily open line. ( see the white line )

--- 帖子 #430 ---
A buy trade was not entered due to the pending FOMC statement, a major news announcement.

The sell order was not entered according to the rules. Noting the rapid price decline, I impulsively jumped in when the lower box level was breached and got lucky. Had I been trading during the FOMC statement, such action would have been even more fortunate but undisciplined. In retrospect, I should have kept to the rules and regret posting this trade. Thanks for your constructive comment.

//////////

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Target hit.

This is the first live trade.

But as I said before the daily open line is the risk ( stop loss ) line for me.

So the first buy triggered hit the stop loss at daily open line.

Second time sell triggered and hit target.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
March 22, 2018

Sell Target 2 hit

Trade closed

//////////

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Nice.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
I like your idea and plan to give it a try.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Buy triggered. stop just below daily open line. SL - 129.38:  TP 130.05. First target.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Trailing stop : 129.63. Do not want to loose out of some 5 pips. + . This is recent low.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Closed the trades at 129.86. Fine.

My risk 22 pips. Made 26 pips.

Done today.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
March 23, 2018

Buy Target 1 not hit.

Trade closed in profit.

//////////

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Thanks for posting guys. Good to see more traders having results.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Fxmd, is Eagle's Breakout Box the correct time? My box both begins and ends one hour earlier than his. My high/low box was 70 pips and was a cautionary trade that I avoided. Please clarify, and thanks!

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Hi Stayfoolish,

Can you add a max/min spread setting on your EA "Breakout_v2,.2a.ex4" attached?

--- 帖子 #442 ---
I don’t know what time that is but you should have it start at 22:00-2:00 GMT

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Dear Navk,

Can you share here the red-green linen indi on this chart ? And what setting do you use ?

Many Thanks

Dirk

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Thanks for the quick response, Fxmd.

All of the posts of the Box I have seen are showing 17 rather than 16 candles. If you change the End Time parameter from 4 to 3:59, your box will stop at 2:00 GMT instead of 2:15 GMT. If your intent is to include the 17th candle, then I will change my setting back to 17 candles as I want to emulate your very successful trading history with this strategy.

Thanks again for sharing,

BC2

--- 帖子 #445 ---
True, Use 3:59.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Some one else also asked.

Mega trend setting. In 5 min chart. 360, 3.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
it works on eur/usd or not

--- 帖子 #448 ---
March 25, 2018

My Daily Setup

//////////

--- 帖子 #449 ---
well, the target got hit.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
March 26, 2018

Buy Target 1 hit.

Trade closed.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Hi,

This is a nice trading strategy, thank you FXMD. I wonder if it's tradable totally automated with the EA. Since I tryed but don't seem to work I ask you all if are you using the EA provided in this thread or are you using another?

thank you mates

TONI

--- 帖子 #452 ---
The EA is not mandatory to be able to trade and I think eagle 85 and navy are doing manual trading. I also prefer manual trading.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
thank u very much for this , can it work with brokers that ae not of same time zone with urs?

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Thank you FXMD. I also prefer manual trading, my problem is I live GMT +1, then I would be watching all night long the chart and I have to wake up early. Thata's why I'm thinking to use the EA.

toni

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Stocks have started to reverse which will henceforth stop fall in eurjpy henceforth.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Can someone please help me why the candle is closed outside the box? Or is there something wrong my broker?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #457 ---
it is simply more than the 45 pip limit

u set

--- 帖子 #458 ---
March 27, 2018

Buy Target 1 not hit.

Trade stopped out for loss.

//////////

--- 帖子 #459 ---
sold. stop 131.52. target 130.90.

I did not want to take buy direction as lots was moved yesterday.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Done.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
I don't pretend to be as adept at this excellent strategy as FXMD, Eagle or Navk, but I do see Navk did tonight what I have been working on.  IF the prior 24 hour movement is especially large I will not enter.  You just don't know when the price will reverse and it adds to the risk (I believe).  For me, better to stand aside for a day or so when the ADR is significantly exceeded for a day. On the 26th the EJ ADR was almost exactly 100 pips over its 30 day average.  Too much for me.

If I were really bold I would have held out for the retracement below the box which is just arriving on Target 1 now (NY time 0930).

Good trading to all with a special thanks to the good doctor (almost!) FXMD for sharing his excellent intuition with forex.

F-S

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Yes, it works. Little more common sense should prevail though.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
True, this is why I prefer manual trading over the EA. The EA works but discretion can improve results. Nice observation on the ADR.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
March 27, 2018

Sell Target 1 not hit.

Trade closed in profit.

//////////

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Some days, the target not hit, and some days stop loss hit.

Overall a better system if proper risk reward is followed.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Dear eagle85,  I think you need to change your time setting 21:00 to 01:00.

GMT 1hr changed from this week.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Interesting to see the screenshots, my box was 40 pips and did not hit target 1 on eurjpy..

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Hello raju0189,

Please note the time stamp on my charts. British Summer Time went into effect last Sunday. GMT time remains constant throughout the year.

//////////

--- 帖子 #469 ---
This is 20 x 50 ema cloud.

Entry sell can be taken on breakout of box, stop loss can be above 20x50 ema cloud.

Opposite for long entry. 5 min chart only.

For those who are interested.

Any one taken long on break out of top of box, can exit when 20x50 ema crosses in London open.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Same here

--- 帖子 #471 ---
From Page 1, Post #1 Of This Forum:

--- 帖子 #472 ---
True, daylight saving time goes in effect depending on your location but it should be aligned with GMT.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Thanks

eagle85 & Fxmd

--- 帖子 #474 ---
I have it as 22-2gmt... in my case 0-4 because of my broker time gmt 2.. I remember i asked, and fxmd responded it should be 0-4

--- 帖子 #475 ---
It is important to know the session open timing.

The concept of Fxmd is clear. He has developed a system in which the the price breaks high/low of Tokyo session. And limiting the box size to 45 pips is another important thing he has developed.

Two hours before and after tokyo session open.

The ADR of eurjpy is roughly 120 pips. This makes the target achievable.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Wait just a second

2 hours before and after tokyo opens ?

I live in Eastern Europe . Tokyo opens at 00:00 ( GMT + 2 ) - i checked on this site .

My box is drawing from 00:00 to 04:00 ( tokyo opens at 00:00 not at 22:00 )

So I trade it the wrong way ?

--- 帖子 #477 ---
2 hours before the open and 2 hours after the open

--- 帖子 #478 ---
How can I change that to come normal ?

Now my box draws from 00:00 to 04:00 ( GMT + 2 )

EDIT : on your first post on this topic you ( Fxmd ) say "make sure to use high and low from 22:00 to 02:00 GMT ( I live in Easter Europe GMT +2 ) so for me is 00:00 to 04:00 ( and at 00:00 also Tokyo opens acordingly to forexfactory page ) .

So what is the right choice ?

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Tokyo opens at 8 PM EST. for me.

The box shall be 2 hrs before tokyo open and 2 hrs after tokyo open.

The box setting shall be 1 and 5. ( After considering day light saving ) for me.

For eastern europe, just google the time deference between EST and and your time zone.

Usually the box high or low breaks during London open. Keep this in mind.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
8 PM EST is 03:00 AM GMT + 3 . So i change setting in indicator to start at 1 and finish and 5 . it's ok ?

--- 帖子 #481 ---
see this site. Top RIGHT corner.

You see GMT and corresponding EST.

https://forexlive.com/

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Got it . My mistake

I checked SYDNEY opening . I didn't see that TOKYO is in the second raw . Sorry . My mistake .

I modified start time from 00:00 to 01:00 and finish from 04:00 to 05:00 and is ok now . Tokyo start in GMT + 3 is 03:00 AM .

Thankx

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Yeah.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Hi Navk, just curious if you would take an entry on the 20 x 50 cross?  Quite possibly in addition to a later entry as the box closes at 10 pm your time in Ontario.  Could also occur at other times of the day of course.  I am noticing at first glance that the angle of the cross seems important.

I do understand this is off topic for FXMD's work and will not pursue this further on this forum, but I am interested in other possible applications of the 20x50.

F-S

--- 帖子 #485 ---
I wait for break. After break, if the PA fails and falls below 20/50 cross, I exit. ( For long trade ) . I am still trying out this. On choppy days, this might be problem.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
see this picture.

If the price breaks upperside of box, and fails and falls below those MA, I get out. This way I can reduce stop pips.

After break to upside, if the price falls, still I add longs but surely will get out of longs below MA s.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
See what I did yesterday.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Thanks Navk.  Your charts make your use clear . . . and helpful.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Today for long entry after breakout, the risk level ( stop level ) is 130.84.

For short entry, the stop level might be 131.01

--- 帖子 #490 ---
My short trades got stopped out at 20/50 ema cross. I immediately took long knowing that the short failed at daily open.

I lost 25 pips in short. However my long trades are now running with +33 pips.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Closed my long trades at 131.50.

+ 47 pips.

As I said before, my long entries at 131.03. I took little earlier ( before break of box ) since the PA failed to go down below daily open line

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Hey guys, 20/50 ema really helps to identify the failure of break down below box or above box.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Hi tictac-nur,

Can you add 2 direction entry to your EJ-M15-System.ex4 . Can you change 15 minutes to 1 hour? As i test this system, in that way this system is more accurate. I can share some results with you with private message.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
March 28, 2018

My Daily Setup

//////////

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Most likely to break up today.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
March 29, 2018

Sell Target 1 not hit.

Trade closed at breakeven.

//////////

--- 帖子 #497 ---
I would say, just blindly follow the system rules.

Only stop loss point, one has to decide.

For me either daily open line or 50/20 ema cross.

It works.

I was expecting the price to break upside. But that did not happen, Finally the box system worked today too.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
I cannot seem to be able to wrap my head around the time thing.  My broker's servers are GMT +0.  I live in the Central Time Zone of the United States.  Does anyone here know what the values are for me to input into the "3 Tier London Breakout" indicator for "Start Time", "End Time", and "Session End Time"?  I've been struggling with this for two days now ... and nothing I try seems to be correct.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Simplest thing to do is to literally sit up and watch which candle in front of you opens at the time the Asian session opens (or whatever the OP says it runs from) and set it right there and then.

Sit with a World FX Clock open so you know exactly when the open occurs.

The Indi runs from that open, that stays the same wherever you are.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
I set it to 22:00 GMT and 02:00 GMT as the OP suggested.  When I loaded the original indicator it was pre-set to 06:00 GMT and 09:00 GMT.  How did that get set in there if GMT time never changes?

As far as sitting up to actually watch the Asian session open, I did that tonight with the Sydney open and it opened at 21:00 GMT.  The last time Sydney opened was this past Friday at 22:00 GMT ... according to the indicator.  Completely confusing.  As is the name of the indicator ... "3 tier London Breakout" ... why not use the first 4 hours of the London market if you're going to call it a London Breakout?  Just sayin'.

I don't know why I have such a hard time with the time thing.  alled my broker and they said that London opens at 07:00 GMT!!

--- 帖子 #501 ---
*tech diddiculties*

I called my broker and he said the London market opens at 07:00 GMT ... to me, this time thing is impossible!

--- 帖子 #502 ---
*tech difficulties*  This computer's keyboard is totally unreliable ... I never know what it's going to do.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
The UK clocks changed last week just in case things weren't confusing enough!

Thing to bear in mind is the indicator is lifted from another thread - I use it myself to trade the Frankfurt dead air. It was coded for something completely different, hence the name.

My trading computers are all off for the holidays so can't check but if I remember correctly you just shuffle the start time to whatever 15 min candle you want.

If I'm wrong, sorry but that's what I remember (and others who trade my method did the same for their time-zones, inc Australia, US Mountain time and UK).

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Tokyo opens at 8 pm EST.

The box is drawn between 6 pm EST and 10 pm EST.

The breakout of box usually happens during Frankfurt/London open time. ( FF opens at 3 AM EST, London at 4 AM EST, NY at 8 AM EST. )

--- 帖子 #505 ---
DST shifted in Australia this weekend.
https://www.timeanddate.com/time/change/australia

--- 帖子 #506 ---
March 2018 Trade Log

Number Of Trades Entered: 14
Winning Trades: 10 (71.4%)
Losing Trades: 2 (14.3%)
Breakeven Trades: 2 (14.3%)
Target 1 Hits: 8 (57%)

//////////

--- 帖子 #507 ---
First trade a loser!

--- 帖子 #508 ---
This way of trading is very similar to an EA that I have ever bought from Rimantas Petrouskas, the Range Box Trader  Thanks to this topic I give this EA a new chance.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Hi, I have set up your template to give it a try, but this morning it drew only half the box...(the bright blue is where it should have been, right?)? Do you have any suggestions where the error could be caused? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #510 ---
The risk level is important to trade this system.

On choppy days, one must know the level ( within the box ) where to take stop loss. I prefer 50 ema level.

For me too, the stop has been hit.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
A big thanks to lemercenaire, navk, and LFN for your help in getting my times correct.  I used the daily open for my stop loss ... I think I'm going to try the 50 ema next time.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Also one must know thar average daily range for this pair is 120 pips.

The pair failed after moving 50 pips above daily open line.

There is always 70 pips balance to move below daily open line. This is exactly has happened today.

Assuming 50 ema is stop loss, one would loose 20 pips. But there is a chance to gain those 20 pips and further more since daily range was not finished.

I did not short this pair once stop loss was hit for the long trade. Reason: Being holiday I thought the ADR will not be met !

--- 帖子 #513 ---
This is the way I trade with this method. It is an EA I once ordered a few years ago. It has everything that you need. Well programmed and very intelligent

--- 帖子 #514 ---
My EURJPY was a winnerBesides that, I am trading now on EURUSD, GBPUSD, USDJPY, AUDUSD, USDCAD and GBPJPY.
All 7 ending in a winning trade today!!! Maybe it is luck, it can be.............. I think so. But the start is very good.

I use 50% Box Range of the ADR in 10 days. Example ADR = 85. Max Box Range is 44 and minimum 15.

Time settings like Topic starter, 4 hours long. I allow only 1 trade, direction doesn't matter.

TP = 100% Box Range, SL = 100% Box Range, Risk/Reward 1:1.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
no complications today !

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hi all,

Looking at some of the charts here traders are using 2 hours before Sydney open not 2 hours before Tokyo open,even OP is quoting 22:00 GMT which is reference to the Sydney open,Tokyo opens one hour after Sydney as the strategy is based on EUR/JPY should the time zone also be based around the Tokyo open at 23:00 GMT ?

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Read post 1 : "At 2.00 AM (GMT) draw a box enclosing the high and low of the previous 4 hours". How difficult can that be?

Maybe this indicator will help you? You can compare your local time, your broker time and GMT Time. Your broker time and GMT time are important. Suppose you Broker time is 04.00 PM and GMT is 02.00 PM. "You have to draw a box at 2.00 AM GMT enclosing the high and low of the previous 4 hours." In this example you have to set your (broker) time between 00.00 and 04.00 which is 22.00 - 02.00 GMT time. Do you understand? If your Broker Time is the same as GMT your time settings should be 22.00 - 02.00 (which is 4 hours before 02.00 AM). Your time in the example is 2 hours after GMT, so it will be 00.00 - 04.00. Make sense?

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #519 ---
April 4, 2018

Sell Target 1 hit.

Trade closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Did you use Buy Stop at 130.047 . I don't see you have that order .

Did you using EA to automatic or you keep watching your screen all the time and do it by your hand ?

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Hello johnpratt261,

All trades are taken sitting at the screen intently observing price action.

//////////

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Wow , too much effort  hope you get more lot and money

--- 帖子 #523 ---
It will be good, if we know which side ( top or bottom ) is going to break for a particular day. I am working on that.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Try only trading away from the Weekly Open.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
PA might change on a specific day opposite of weekly open line. So, It is not a better idea to follow weekly open line as a rule for trend, though in general, yes.

I would put some filter to filter out 4 hr or hourly trend.

PS : See the daily close today. ( Most probably today's close going to be above today's daily open line. ) ( For me daily open and close are 5 pm EST )

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Yes, it was a Buy as per this technique and a losing trade - SL

--- 帖子 #527 ---
You mean, you did not take the Buy, only the short?

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Well, during London/Frankfurt session, I do not see "Buy "

I found the filter.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Hello luvene,

Please examine my chart.

During the time period in question, no price bar closed above the daily box upper limit. Hence, per the rules, a Buy signal was never generated.

//////////

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Look at the johnpratt261 chart. Buy was generated where the red square is at the high.

In fact, after SL on a Buy trade, there was SL on the Sell trade if one did not go only for RR1:1 on the Sell side. So 2 trades, 2 losses. See 2 white arrows for entries.

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1522841235

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Yes, there is always a chance to get into wrong trade if the break fails immediately above or below the box line.

If you keep stop loss, then you would not mind. I follow 20/50 ema in 15 min chart as stop loss.

If you take stop loss, then you take a trade in the opposite side of box break by which you can earn whatever you lost or even more. This is the beauty.

Any one who took a long trade in London session, will have taken a stop loss of roughly 15 pips including spread. In short side one can earn 21 pips +

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Hi navk,

When you place your SL at the 20/50 EMA cross, is your SL at the exact intersection of the 2 EMA lines, or at the close of the candle that corresponds with the intersection?

Thanks for your contributions to the thread!

BK2

--- 帖子 #533 ---
According to how I interpret the rules and conduct my trades, a valid Buy/Sell signal is generated only when a price candle closes (not simply penetrates) above or below a daily box boundary. This clearly was not the case "where the red square is at the high" nor at any other relevant point on my chart.

//////////

--- 帖子 #534 ---
OK! I see that you'll wait till the Bar closed above or below the price box. These are your rules and nothing wrong with that. However, I don't wait, I go in immediately as soon the price crosses the box at upper or lower limit.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Which is?

--- 帖子 #536 ---
15 min candle Close below 50 EMA. ( Not intersection )

Also I use daily open line as stop loss line if the open line is within the box.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
It is GANN set to 1 hour. Helps in filtering. I have to back test though.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
The chart failed at the upper breakout, but if you don't mind watching prices all night, it made a perfect bullish triangle at the bottom which, had you gotten in long, would have more than made up for any loss incurred earlier.  Personally, I hate to sit and watch prices move around for very long tho.

On yesterday's trade I tried using a 20 pip trailing stop and it was hit before realizing the initial take profit 1.  I made $26 which was better than losing ... so that's it for trailing stops for me for now.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Wrong. Breakout and Candlestick close outside range must occur.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
May you attach the indicator

Thank you

--- 帖子 #541 ---
It differs from Author's first post. So my own test.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Yes, you're right. I've seen it in the print screen files I will change my rules at candle close instead of touching the line intrabar.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
April 5, 2018

Buy Target 1 not hit.

Trade closed at loss.

//////////

--- 帖子 #544 ---
It is still in progress. Expect for upside move to 131.70

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Hi Eagle, I have 3 remarks / questions for you.

1. I see you use 21.00 - 01.00 GMT. However, TS use 22.00 - 02.00 GMT...... like I do. Why do you use other time settings?

First I was thinking the white vertical line (Entry Buy =131. 304 was your entry level but of course it is your red line at 131.270, right!

2. According to the rules the blue box have to show in my opinion the open and close prices of the box

Right now and in your picture too, it shows us the high and lows too of the particular Bars......

it is a remark, I know you can't do anything about it but maybe someone can change that?

3. "Trade closed at loss" ?? In your chart the price level doesn't touch the lower limit of the blue price which is R/R 1:1. Maybe you use another R/R like SL is 70% of the Range of the Box? I read it somewhere.

Regards,

Luvene

--- 帖子 #546 ---
which result did you get compared to the original system?

Best hundsbua

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Breakout ( up ) failed today. The PA must go down. It most probably should break bottom line of box. I did not take the " buy" today. Am I lucky not to take buy?

But 50/20 in 15 min says the PA has exhausted going up for today.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
How do you define exhaustion with 50 20 ema. Can you explain witj a chart please

--- 帖子 #549 ---
SEE THIS 15 min chart.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
I follow the original system only. The stop loss line is 50 ema. ( Not the opoosite of box line ) I do this to have better risk/reward ratio.

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Yes, it was a BUY today and was stopped out and if you traded SELL at the bottom it is also SL

--- 帖子 #552 ---
no sell yet today.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Sell condition was not triggered yet today. I think nfp publish expected

--- 帖子 #554 ---
I agree with driven18, if you bought as the chart navk is showing, you were stopped out if you had a hard stop at the entry sell line, if not you were not stopped and you are in the money right now. I was looking for a way of how to maximize the profit targets, and since i know price action and trade candlestick patterns I just use the 1hr timeframe to guide me after I enter a trade whenever a box breakout occurs. TIP! Very important! EUR/JPY ALWAYS! respects the 00 and the 50.. have that in mind and you'll have a better chance of success. If you want to see where I enter just check my trade explorer.. i"m at work and can't post a chart right now.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
There are at times consolidation days, not meeting the daily range. Nothing can be done for this.

One must be ready to accept loss on certain days as long as overall gains are there in this method.

Also one can definitely minimize losses by using 50 ema in 15 min chart.

I would not bother to change this system which might lead to more confusions and complications.

The only thing which I did is to use 50 ema / daily open line to get out of wrong trade.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Hello Luvene,

With the below attached excerpt from Page 1, Post 1 of this forum in mind:

1. I see you use 21.00 - 01.00 GMT. However, TS use 22.00 - 02.00 GMT...... like I do. Why do you use other time settings?

I am currently testing the EUR/JPY breakout strategy using the daily open, 21:00 GMT, described in the EURJPY M15v.PDF attachment located on Page 1, Post 1 of this forum.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. According to the rules the blue box have to show in my opinion the open and close prices of the box. Right now and in your picture too, it shows us the high and lows too of the particular Bars......it is a remark, I know you can't do anything about it but maybe someone can change that?

Within the default box range of 15-45 pips, total price action is properly contained within a blue box.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3. "Trade closed at loss" ?? In your chart the price level doesn't touch the lower limit of the blue price which is R/R 1:1. Maybe you use another R/R like SL is 70% of the Range of the Box? I read it somewhere.

Though believing EUR/JPY to be at least temporarily overextended, I initially took the long trade but subsequently decided to err on the side of caution and closed it accepting a small loss.

I hope this answers your questions.

//////////

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Hi navk ... may I ask, what kept you from taking the buy?  If you are using the original system rules, why didn't you take the buy signal?  The price clearly closed above the buy entry point.  Also, I have a 20 ema (CornflowerBlue) and a 50 ema (coral) both using the closing price.  Mine don't look like yours.  Are you using something other than the close to draw these?

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Yes, it is slightly different than your EMA. But it definitely  serves my purpose to get out of trade ( Stop loss )

Use 50 and 20 settings in this attached. Remove the bands.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
I'm not saying I want to use your emas ... I'm more interested in why you didn't take the trade to the upside.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Good question. Fact is that I slept. Also I was not interested in buy direction as there is resistance. In the past instances I have seen, after a push up in previous day NY session, the price usually retraces. But today ( In tokyo, FF , London session it did not retrace, It means the price will usually go up to Daily R1.

See the picture. From the upper line of box to Daily R1 is not much.

So, I was not interested in taking buy.

In NY session it retraced. But in NY it did not break the daily open line. I was expecting the price will break daily open line and go down to test near to daily pivot ( as per our box system it is close to sell target 1 )

so at the end no trade for me at all.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Ok ... so you don't go by the rules as set forth by Fxmd.  I'm not criticising your decision making process ... especially if you were asleep at the time.  I just wanted to know how to avoid trade set-ups that are destined to fail.  Thanks for everything that you do.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
The PA has to retrace for every move up in NY, vice versa.

If it does not, then expect resistance or support in Asia/ Frankfurt, London sessions.

I learnt this. Unless it is a strong move.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
If it so easy, people will make millions.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
LOL ... ok, thankyou my friend.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
In fact, we had 2 Stop Losses..look at the entries where the white arrows are...all based on technique rules and not on sleeping habits ...

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Wrong. Breakout and Candlestick close outside range must occur.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Wrong. Read the rules on the first page. Buy/Sell if the price breaks(not closes) above/below the range. It broke.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Someday you will lose. But totally you will be in profit with this system my friend

--- 帖子 #569 ---
I think member cfudge is right. Please look at the third image in post 1.

However, maybe the topic starter can give us clarity about this.

--- 帖子 #570 ---
" I wait for candle close above level, if it went too far into the TP zone I wait for retracement."

Fxmd - Post#6

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Fxmd responded to this question on Page 28, Post 557.

//////////

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Yes and that's what I was thinking too

--- 帖子 #573 ---
The system is interesting. But, you need to carefully select the stop loss.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
I do not believe that this simple system has a chance of success. It is just 50/50. Personally, I think that if you are going to do breakout trading, it is best to take the last three hours before London opens but even than......it is a kind of gambling trading.

Best is using volatile pairs like a EURJPY, GBPUSD with a reasonable spread.  It seems better to me searching possible resistance or support levels and to set a BUYSTP or SELLSTP order.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
We'll see whether it works or not.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Two trades i have on, one for 6th April and the other for 9th April. Both are yet to hit t.p or s.l Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #577 ---
I hope it hits tp. It is seen to hit more upside levels with price action and emas

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Then don’t trade it, go find one you like.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
April 9, 2018

Buy Target 1 hit.

Trade closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #580 ---
I agree with fxmd.

This method does not hit target some days.

This method hits stop loss some days.

This method hits target most of days.

Overall a good method.

Stop loss has to be refiend though.

Excellent risk/reward on monthly basis. Unlike other methods.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
today before and after

--- 帖子 #582 ---
It is very easy to show some good results and the same for bad results I like Breakout trading but I don't understand why the time setting should be between 22.00 - 02.00 GMT. Personally I like the Breakout box 3 hours before London is opening. Good luck everyone, this was my last post

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Friend,

If you do back testing atleast for last 3 months, you will know this method consistently hit target. Only very few days the PA did not hit target or hit stop loss.

In 25 trading days, if this method hits target in 20 days, ( this is true and you will know if you do back testing ) , your risk reward is very good and at the end of month you are up ++

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Ever heard about Higher edge within a single Candlestick? This breakout system is based on daily candle, we are looking to trade with the trend from daily open to daily close.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
I made the test for last 3 months. here below the results are.

%70 success for 3 months.

especially drawdown is so good, never blows your account.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
April 9, 2018

Buy Target 2 Hit

Trade Closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #587 ---
In this topic, a few intelligent people, including Yalgaar, put a number of critical but certainly constructive questions and comments. Almost all reactions to this are played down by fxmd as well as by some others. If you are trading manually, everyone gets different results. The only way to get a good result is to make an EA which is 100% correct. And, most important (!), then you will not be influenced by human emotions.

The disadvantage of back testing in general and certainly via MT4 is that virtually all historical data is not good and certainly does not contain tick data, even though this is claimed. Please believe me that I know what I'm saying.

I understand that some people do not want/like to read critical questions and comments, blinded by a number of good results in a short period of time and wanted to get rich in a short period of time. Just like Yalgaar I ask a lot of questions about certain results which have also been taken manually or have been taken by an EA with unfortunately a lot of of bugs .

I want to warn everyone that this way of Trading has a success rate of 50/50, maybe 55/45 and that's it! And it may well be that in a certain short period of time it can be 70/30 or 60/40.

You can't trust backtesting, neither you can trust manual backtesting. Emotions at that time, spreads, difference of Broker, etc. etc.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...9#post10760079
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...2#post10767292
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...2#post10787452

--- 帖子 #588 ---
But you said this is your last post?

--- 帖子 #589 ---
The strategy is interesting. I wonder the reason behind the 22.00 GMT to 2.00 GMT selection. I understand that this counts almost half day of Tokyo hours. Would you care to elaborate the strategy? I would like to figure out if this strategy works on other pairs as well.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
You can apply this strategy to only GbpUsd as well. I have i7 7700hq 16 gb pc. I tested every pair exactly and completely And only ej and gu passed the long run test.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
This strategy is designed to catch the move from the daily open to the daily close. I found by observation that EURJPY is the more consistent. For example if you watch USDZAR with the same indicator that draws a box you’ll notice it looks like it hunts your stop losss by going up and down a few times before actually going in a direction for that particular day. EURJPY doesn’t, almost always it continues in the same direction it breaks out.

Some people talk about banks “manipulating” the price of JPY during Asian session and EUR during London session, wether that’s truth or not, I don’t know. If it’s true it may explain a few things though ( such as EUR trading banks purposely breaking the highest/lowest level set by Asians and getting the price away from it to a previous level, which may explain why TP often matches with levels such as weekly openings, previous day high/low etc) if banks manipulate the price or not, it’s Irrelevant to me. I know this strategy works and it’s good to see other people find it profitable.

About the EA, it gives different results when backtested. Some find it profitable some find it breakeven and even some find it a loser. Results may Vary due to different broker price feed, the period it was backtested, or the quality of the data used to do backtest. This EA however turned out to be profitable for most, thanks to StaayFoolish for providing it.

Id rather trade manual using this strategy to apply discretion when needed. There are days in which you can foresee a higher probability of price not reaching target and stay out.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Great!

Thank you

--- 帖子 #593 ---
It worked great for me today (last night).  Shortly after the box completed, a large bullish candle formed.  I happened to be right there and so I jumped in where you see the vertical purple line.  I rode that up and picked off a +$52 and sold and placed a buy limit order back near the breakout entry price which was triggered where the steel blue vertical line is (I was in bed sleeping when this happened) and set a TP a few pips above the buy target 1.  Got up in the morning and discovered that I made another $261.

Wound up making over $300 off this breakout.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
My bad ... I bailed out where you see the vertical purple line.

--- 帖子 #595 ---
hi everyone. Is it possible to set an alarm when candle close out of the box? Last night i was sleeping and didn’t catch the movemenr. I mean an alarm

That is set automatically as the box is completed

--- 帖子 #596 ---
it will work for you friend, drag them to File-your data file on mt4.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
sorry,I didn't get that.Which file do i put them in.Is it just the FILE folder.cheers mate

--- 帖子 #598 ---
any one use this strategy in order pair

--- 帖子 #599 ---
I do, gbpusd, GBPCHF, euraud (the best)

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Stop Loss on 4/11
Stop Loss on 4/12 and if you played both sides of the range it is 2 Stop Losses today...see white and red arrow for entries and stop outs

--- 帖子 #601 ---
This is  04/12 chart.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
04/11 chart. yes, it hit stop loss. At daily open for me.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Ok but.. if I stacked positions for winning days then I would have made more money to cover this

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Hello everyone, I'm starting to test the EurJpy m15 system too. t I'm using as indicators two supertrends (one set 10.3 and the other 21.2) the aso (set to 5 - 0) and the elliott wave indicator with standard settings (5.35).

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Another nice 38 pip win this morning letting the trade run to TP2...thanks Fxmd!

--- 帖子 #606 ---
April 13, 2018

Buy Target 1 Hit.

Trade Closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Great! And what was happening on April 10, 11 and 12

--- 帖子 #608 ---
the timing keeps causing confusion:

https://www.stockmarketclock.com/exc.../trading-hours say Tokyo opens at 00:00 GMT. What made you pick 23:00?

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Tokyo stock exchange opens at 0:00 GMT.
Tokyo Forex opens one hour earlier at 23:00 GMT.

Please see here: http://forex.timezoneconverter.com/?timezone=GMT;

//////////

--- 帖子 #610 ---
April 10: Missed trade entry opportunity.

April 11: No trade entry due to adverse price action.

April 12: No trade entry due to adverse price action.

See rules on Page 1, Post 1:

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Hi Fxmd,

Just wanted to say a big thank you to you for sharing your system. I tried this out for the first time last night/this morning and made a pretty easy 18 pips or just over 0.5% of my original account balance...

Thanks again, have a good weekend!

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Nice. Focus on long term profitability

--- 帖子 #613 ---
WEEKLY ANALYSIS FOR GBPUSD AND EURJPY

First, i am using this system with 1 hour time frame. i think it is more accurate than 15 minutes tf. also if you go with emas and so be careful for trend, it gives the most accurate results for this system.

i am using this system for only GBPUSD and EURJPY. you can see the results below. Thanks FXMD for sharing this strategy and concept.

--- 帖子 #614 ---
hi there,

this indicator is not working?? plz check

--- 帖子 #615 ---
it is not %50 win rate. it has at least % 65-85 win ratio. may be you did smtng wrong

--- 帖子 #616 ---
You are absolutely correct.

Since last month I have taken 22 trades with this method.

Employing my personal style of management, 16 (73%) have been closed in profit, with 4 losers and 2 at breakeven.

Thank you Fxmd for sharing this amazing and very profitable strategy.

//////////

--- 帖子 #617 ---
One can improve the overall monthly ++ provided if he/she employs proper exit rules.

Traders can be successful only if they know the art of "getting out" of of bad trades.

EDIT : Read "getting out " as " getting out or managing "

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Show me your results LIVE, it doesn't matter if it is on demo or real account. Everybody can show the most fantastic results afterwards including nice looking charts which are always very promising. I want to see real live trades and results, no talking and showing afterwards results.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
If you don’t believe anyone here or trust they’re saying tHe truth and want to see live results to believe. go to, https://po.tradersway.com/registration/ fill in your data, deposit and start trading right away. Have a nice day.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
ok im gonna show my results in this week, lets see it is %50 or %80 win rate. gambling or technical trading.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Ok then post your results. You’re not entitled to see others people results. Do your own research. You have now been provided with solutions and your posts have become spam. Continue spamming and you’ll get a ban.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
now it smells trolling. i'd made a test and shared the results without fakeout filters and in 3 months it has %70 win rate. Thats something i think.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Very interesting. I will be following!

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Is it and indicator/EA that you have shared?

--- 帖子 #625 ---
after testing this on auto for just shy of  2 months, it has just about broken even. am discontinuing the demo for now.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Can’t see your results

--- 帖子 #627 ---
i didn't set up any trade explorer - and i would pull a trade report but i've already overwritten that demo with a new account and new system  to test, sorry

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Hello my friend, I am still interested in this way of trading and I am impressed by your results. I can't imagine that I did something wrong with back-testing but who knows...... we are all humans

I can see that you back-tested with 1H timeframe instead of 15M. OK, that's fine. And your box time isn't 4 hours but 5 hours...............

5 Hours after box time no new orders allowed, right?

Please, can you tell me which EA you use and your set file? Maybe you will upload the EA and your set file in this topic? That would be nice.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
April 16, 2018

Sell Target 1 Hit.

Trade Closed.

//////////

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Hi StayFoolish !

Thank you for the EA, I was wondering if you could CUSTOMIZE it for me a bit ? I am willing to pay, obviously

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Could someone upload rules? it is not available in 1 post

--- 帖子 #633 ---
That's exactly how I trade mine. I use it in gbpusd, eurjpy, euraud and gbpchf.. I enter on a 15min break and then change the chart to 1 hour where I manage my trades.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Hi, I tried several things out and believe me, I know what I am doing with the Backtester of MT4. We don't have to discuss if it is good or bad but we should have more or less the same results and unfortunately we don't. I've seen in your printscreen that you are testing 5 hours of drawing the box and you use 1H timeframe. I tried to duplicate all of your settings in the EA but I never had good results. I am very curious about your setfile of the EA. I use the last version of the EA of Stayfoolish. Please, let me know.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
I would suggest you try out manually.

EA, does not do like human. Human judgement is the best in line with PA.

What I mean, I get out of bad/wrong trade if I know if it is wrong trade.

So as I said previously, "managing bad trades " is important. Robot just does what has been told to Robot. It does not take action on its own based on current PA.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
STOP LOSS today. White arrow entry, red arrow SL

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Daily open or 50 ema , i keep stop loss.

See my 15 min chart.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
How about 200 ema or weekly open or whatever else you use to prove a point?

I appreciate your personal strategy, but based on this technique, no matter how you spin it, it is a loss. ..see SELL entry at the range bottom and SL at the top of the range.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
50 EMA in small time frame is reliable. Also, keep in mind, any PA below daily open is bearish candle, and PA above daily open is bullish candle.

This strategy works.

Keep in mind, no system is 100 % perfect.

One should know to work with the system.

If your stop was hit in short trade, ( You kept a stop at wrong place ) why you did not take long trade?

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Stop is at the opposite side of the range..therefore it is SL.

I traded last week two sides of the range and lost twice as much...look at my charts from last week...

Anyway..GL to ALL!!

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Keeping the stop opposite side of the box is not at all a good idea.

Once known, the trade is not going in your favor, find a good place to sop it.

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Wrong. Your range is not the right size (23 PIPs).

--- 帖子 #643 ---
join the test, will be post how is going.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
i see eagle85 has drawn the 4hr box from 21:00 GMT to 1:00 GMT

iam based here in london and my understanding is to draw the 4hr box from 22:00 GMT to 2:00 GMT. and that has been confirmed by fxmd also.

so iam wondering which one is correct ?

i have tried this system as per the rules as a set and forget strategy. we cannot stay awake to monitor the trades , here in london, because we are asleep at these times.  often i have woken up to find both the buy and sell orders were triggered and both stopped out. this can be a huge problem with this strategy, unless one can stay awake to monitor the trades.

after several weeks of trying this method , it seems this strategy will not be profitable in the long run, if following the rules as they are. there is no certainty and indeed you may get lucky and have 3-4 wins in a row , but then you can have 5 days of losses,  and this will wipe out all the wins.  its just taking chances.

unless you can manage and monitor the trades. like some of you are already doing.

iam curious to know what rules eagle85 is following, he seems to have tamed it..

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Hello whatfx,

Referring to Page 3 - Post 44, Fxmd states "Box must start 2 hours before Asia open and end 2 hours after Asia open, set it accordingly to your MT 4 and/or local timezone". Thus, since Tokyo Forex opens at 23:00 GMT, my daily trade box begins at 21:00 GMT and ends at 01:00 GMT. For further explanation please see Page 32 - Post 627. Whatever success I may have with this strategy is due to keeping focused on price action, attempting to avoid entry and exits during periods of adverse price action such as Forex Factory major financial "red" news announcements, cutting losses short and staying awake. I hope this information is of help.

Best wishes,

Eagle85

//////////

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Hi Eagle

As I understood, there has been a change in timing due to DLS. Your chart seems to be an hour behind mine and those that are posted here. Don't get me wrong, I have been following this thread since Feb and your results are the closest to mine..

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #648 ---
You should only get one trade each day so as to avoid double losers. It’s not worth it to try and get double winners.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Nice. Your box should start one hour earlier.

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Hello wlim001,

You are correct. My daily box chart does begin one hour earlier at 21:00 GMT. I began trading this strategy with the 22:00-02:00 GMT setting last month but switched to the current timing for reasons cited in Post 666 above. Given proper trade management, both methods have proven quite profitable. Congratulations on your success with this amazingly robust method.

Best wishes,

Eagle85

//////////

--- 帖子 #651 ---
This is where the confusion is coming from - and it is always where the confusion comes from when the timing rules are stipulated the way they are for box breakout methods, over and over and over again, no matter what the actual individual method.

We are in BST just now here in the uk, so to us here, Tokyo Open is Midnight (00:00) uk time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I have said previously, I run this indi over the dead air pre-Frankie and I got all the same interminable questions about time. so much so that I changed the way I worded my box parameters.

IMO, the way around the confusion is for FXMD not to give any time limits but to say simply ''X-amount of hours before Tokyo Open running over Y-amount of H1 candles''. Then give a link to the market clock you are using and that's it. You go with that open time, then everyone will open their box at the same time no matter where in the world they are.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
hi friend, i have some troubles to write entry. it gives error for 1 day.i made no change from the original system and stayfoolish. if you make something wrong, or error by your pc, you can try manuel entries.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Dear friend..... all you have to do is to upload the saved file from the EA. First you have to save the settings from the EA in File \ Open Data Folder \ MQ4 \ Presets

C:\Users\Username\AppData\Roaming\MetaQuotes\Terminal\2010C2441A263399B34F537D91A53AC9\MQL4\Presets

Give it a name, for instance STAYFOOLISH like I did. You can see it in the printscreen

After that, upload this file in this topic.

Manual entries is not an option because I live in Holland and between 22.00 - 02.00 GMT my local time is 00.00 - 04.00 and I prefer to sleep at that time

I am very curious about your settings because I tried several things but I never get the results you have....

So please, upload your settings file in this topic.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #654 ---
FXMD,

My box is based on -2hrs and +2hrs of GMT. Didn’t know how to fix the chart so decided just change the start and stop time to 1 and 5 respectively after the DLS. Is there any change in the time?

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Why are many people making it so unbelievable complicated concerning the time differences between local, broker and GMT or whatever for time zone.................

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post10932477

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Thank you. I’ll try to solve this time issue today. Will be posting here in FF and this open, free channel in telegram https://t.me/eurjpyalerts

--- 帖子 #657 ---
It's always the same, lol! Go to any thread featuring a breakout method of any kind (or in fact anything that features a time-factor at all) and you will very quickly come across pages and pages and pages of posts of people trying to figure out how to tell the time.

That's why you make the entry based on what time it is there (wherever there is) and then have them find out what time it is with them, when it is that time there! Ha ha, I just heard several heads explode

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Hi, Tokyo opens 00:00 GMT. Use the session window on FF startsite.

Adjust your clock settings for GMT with no DST. And then look at the sessions.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #659 ---
This is local for you. Everyone may get different.

you’re right.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
not sure where you are based, but iam in london, and the time here is GMT + 1.  Hence the 4hr box is drawn from 22:00 - 2:00.

if you are in the u.k., i dont know how you manage to keep awake to observe price action and monitor your trades !

it seems a sell was triggered last night , but was stopped out. did anyone have the same result ?

--- 帖子 #661 ---
This is the solution to time issues. Please find your city in the list provided. Also I’ll be posting in the telegram channel.
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclo...ox&ah=4&sort=1

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Today it was stop loss

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Finally you solved the problem Fxmd !

--- 帖子 #665 ---
I live in the CDT of the United States ... I sat in front of the screen one day and watched Sydney open at 4:00 PM CDT which is the same as 21:00 GMT.  We are in Summertime now, so the correct factor for me to use to measure CDT is -5 hrs.  21:00 GMT minus 5 is 16:00 hrs ... which is 4:00 PM.  Isn't Sydney considered to be located in Asia?  Sydney is used as the daily opening.  It looks like Asia open is really Sydney open.  I'm probably wrong, but the info Fxmd posted, seems to corroborate what I'm suggesting.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
I think Sydney opens 2 hours before Asia.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
UK Time

Sydney 23:00

Tokyo 00:00

London 08:00

New York 13:00

--- 帖子 #668 ---
How about using a breakout of Sydney and Tokyo ... no one seems to be concerned with Frankfurt and London ... or use 2 hrs before Sydney open until 2 hours after London open.  That'll fake out the central bankers too ... for a while anyway.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
I run a break of the H1 Midnight bar (''The Witching Hour'') on EJ (and a couple of others) and the previous one also (23:00), both uk time. One bar will mostly be a continuation trade and the other a reversal.

I also (as I have mentioned before) run the period over the period pre-Frankfurt (''Frankenbreak'').

Honestly, there is truly nothing new under the (FX) sun.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Yeah, this is just one of the many combinations possible to trade broken support/resistance

--- 帖子 #671 ---
It doesn't matter what time zone you're in. Just optimize for StartHour and EndHour, let your platform pick the best times.

Mine optimized with:

StartHour = 08

EndHour = 11

on platform time for TradersWay which is GMT +3

so it equals

05 GMT start

08 GMT end

for the best backtest results.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Which is the Frankfurt dead air. I use it on EG (though not for a month or so, as I have moved onto a DAX method, so I'd have to check if it's still performing).

--- 帖子 #673 ---
You're right. Personally IMO the best time to draw the box is 3 hours before London opens or you have to look for so called consolidation zones

Something about the schedule of fxmd : again well done but.....the schedule is converting the time to your local timezone! I am certain that this is still confusing for many because you have to look for the time of your broker!

But OK, I keep my mouth shut from now on. Happy trading you all.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
''...look for so called consolidation zones.''

Which would be the original method the indicator was lifted from, SSBO, lol!

''...the schedule is converting the time to your local timezone!''

Exactly. Listen guys. Add the FX Market Open clock Chrome Extension. Sit up once, watching it tick over. When it changes signals from ''Tokyo Closed'' to ''Tokyo Open'', look at your own handy clock - bedside, grandfather, alarm, cuckoo, sun-dial, whatever - that's the hour you use as your line-in-the-sand.

Anyway, like luvene, that's the last time I get on this one. I'm bored and I'm out of popcorn.

Good trading, all.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
So today is so confusing, i jumped a little portion on EurJpy. i saw something that when it breaks and turn other way, emas can be a barrier to go its own right way, so i jumped in trade at emas, lets see what will happen.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Dude, you have the boxes wrong,trust me

Yesterday's entry level is 132.614

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Im away from pc but its working now. I will check as soon as possible. Thanks friend.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
You should only have 16 candles in the box...you have 17.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
it's how the indicator works when I set time zone from 0 to 4

--- 帖子 #680 ---
In an earlier post I shared that the end time should be set to 3:59 instead of 4. Fxmd agreed.

Cheers,

Bob

--- 帖子 #681 ---
who any has such a system for MT5?

--- 帖子 #682 ---
I'm in with two positions. Lets make some profit.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Why two positions?  Have you read the original posters trade instructions?

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Right, this strategy is very interesting. In the long term, we'll need the MQL5 EA.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Hi everyone . Do you guy have any indicator or EA can place order with hiding entry ? The broker stop me place a buy stop when price too close with entry. Thanks

--- 帖子 #686 ---
You went short or long ?

--- 帖子 #687 ---
no need indicator , just changed your brokers

--- 帖子 #688 ---
if you see the TP below the 2 line open position line , im very sure , he is on short position

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Just a quick question what is the difference between EndTime and SessionEndTime. How do you get it up if the timezone is Start 23:00 end 03:00

--- 帖子 #690 ---
End Time is the end of the box, Session End Time is how far into the day you want to extend that box.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Hi. Every body i test this system on GU M15 i set Start time=2 and End time=9  and i enable MA 200 filter. it very got winrate

The price will strong move after  9:00 on trend direction , you can manual backtest then share me,

I looking for how to let profit run, I don't got it

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Hi

Is it 2 and 9 GMT?

--- 帖子 #693 ---
2 and 9 on MT4

--- 帖子 #694 ---
how did you folks deal with the several losses last week ?

it seems not to have performed well last week.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Less and less reactions in this topic.....

I have already indicated that it is gambling trading and that's for sure!  Why in heaven's name a period of 4 hours 22.00 - 02.00 GMT!?

If you still want to choose a period for a BreakOut strategy then choose a period of a few hours before London opens!

Or even better: look at your chart and search for so-called consolidation zones or take a look at this topic https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=302007

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Its had losses for the past 2 weeks by the looks of it.

Its like most "systems" it probably worked for a couple of months and then goes boom.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
And so the circle is closed.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
This is not a bad method at all . But people may be looking to other methods.

This is a problem with all retail traders like us. We look for every day new to find a holy grail.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
interesting MA

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Are you stupid? I’ve explained why the time rules are such. Trading = Gambling

--- 帖子 #701 ---
would it be cheap to buy EJ now?

--- 帖子 #702 ---
True! There has been consecutive losses during past weeks. However your responsible for the times you enter a trade. I have a definite number of losses I’m willing to take before allowing for some time to trade again.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
See reply above.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Thanks for stopping by loser. Is it cool in the shadows?

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Totally. Full marking your retirement savings with a 1:1000 leverage. Thank me later

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Was a genuine question, no need to be sarcastic...thanks

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Scoffers be gone...where are your comments decrying Fxmd when the last 8 trading sessions have all been profitable (at least for me)? One of those trades returned 5:1 R/R and another 4:1. Kinda makes up for the 2 week lull doesn't it? Every trading system has its ups and downs. If you flip this one off, and abandon it for the next shiny penny, you are likely already on the merry-go-round of forex failure. I, for one, am staying the course.

Fxmd, thanks again for providing this easy-to-trade strategy!

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Thanks for posting.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Jeez. Touchy.

I simply pointed out that this method came from the one linked to in the post and so, all came full circle. All FX trading is like this, one method leads to another, leads to another.  Nothing nasty intended. A slight tease at most on a slow day.

In case you forget, I have used this method, with yes, a customised StairSteps / London Breakout indicator exactly like this, as you do, for the last year-and-a-half or so, very, very, successfully pre-Frankfurt, using EG as the traded pair, as have colleagues who followed on. I modified the method's tp and trade-management to suit my style, as you all should do if you want to make it work - you yourself have said this.

Having a laugh at people trying to figure out what time it is...guilty. Hang me out to dry, big boy.

Enjoy your thread. My shadow shall ne'er darken your door again.

I'm off back to the shadows, lol.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
No.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Nice thread guys!

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #713 ---
This last trade makes 9 wins in a row...1:2 risk to reward. Thanks, Fxmd! Where are the naysayers?

--- 帖子 #714 ---
very good system but most ppl dont have the patience that is the problem . it can be applied to other symbols as well and works nice.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
One tweak I have added to this strategy which I hope is helpful but is probably already obvious to more experienced traders, is to avoid entering any trades when price is at or pretty close to key levels. We all know price can bounce off from these key levels so its not worth taking unnecessary risks in my view when price is close to such levels despite what the strategy is telling you to do.

--- 帖子 #716 ---
nice thread...

--- 帖子 #717 ---
I got one quiz, If i want to trade EURUSD using the FXMD indicator, what time do I use? The London session or Tokyo? Thanks

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Put the EA under a long term "reliable" test environment with birts tickdata including slippage and variable spread.

U can be lucky and catch a profitable timeframe, but taking a large enough timescale (approx. 10 years) into account it is not a consistent approach.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Drolph
Can you attach *.set file for good optimization?

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Anybody here use this system effectively when targeting only +10 pips after the breakout occurs?

--- 帖子 #721 ---
I just applied this to the last week, and it would've been quite profitable

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Applied it to the last 2 weeks of CADJPY and it would of been very profitable, can't wait to sink my teeth into this, this week!

The posters that are saying it's no good, im not sure how you have come to that conclusion?, I have read the whole thread and for the majority of the thread: posters have been displaying profits , also I have just applied it to over 4 pairs and all have been profitable?

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Unfortunately no - I played a little bit with the settings, but the overall picture did not change fundamentally. Next to that I am already using several trading approaches by myself and do not need another working strategy by force. Just got curios by accident.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
I think you can not read comprehensively. I'm not going to lower myself to take words in my mouth of stupid or otherwise ...... I write my opinion and if you don't like it it's OK with me.

It tells something about you and not about me. I wish you and others good luck, you will need it with this kind of method. Of course gambling = trading, I agree with you for the most but there are methods it is 50/50 (gambling trading) and I am looking for an edge There isn't any with your "system", sorry my friend.

Bye bye

--- 帖子 #725 ---
I started to test on USDJPY and EURNZD today....will test the next 2 weeks with the settings below!

I anyone is a serious tester and has 99% data he/she can ask me about testing....

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Hi reteid . I'm interesting about your EA . Can i have it ? . I want test it on real account . Did i must pay for that ?

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Just backtest on other pairs and optimize.....

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Im having a problem with the template with Oanda. I don't know if they did something to their server, but for reason is not setting up for Mondays. It started this week to have a problem. Anybody has Oanda and having the same problem? or anybody knows how to fix this? it was a profitable day to day but couldn't use the indicator.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
I experienced the same problem and also on 4-29-18.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
I am on Oanda.. there are issues with regards to the template. If you start MT4 on the first try, the template either doesnt show or is not in line with the highs and lows. I found that it would be back to normal once I close MT4 and opened it again. Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Very profitable and simple trading system, no guessing, no complicated indicators, just set your trades and walk away!

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Look forward to your testing results

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Keep on dreaming my friend. It is one of the worst kind of gambling trading. Just set your trades and walk away...... sure!

--- 帖子 #734 ---
I agree Robasker, very simple trading.

I thank all  especally Fxmd.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Bud, if you haven't worked it out yet I would suggest you look elsewhere.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Really??? I don't believe you...

--- 帖子 #737 ---
My EA Settings show that you can wide the 100% range in both directions with success...

--- 帖子 #738 ---
what do you mean ?

what changes to the strategy you made ?

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Hi Reteid, could you share your EA? You are using a different EA than the one used in this thread.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Will you please give a link to "linda raschke's strategy"??

--- 帖子 #741 ---
is this similar to london open strategy?

--- 帖子 #742 ---
can anyone who is using confirm if I have the right set up?

--- 帖子 #743 ---
can you sahre your ea for test on demo ?

--- 帖子 #744 ---
anyone still trading this? picked up quite a few pips last few weeks, also CADJPY seems to preform well on it

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Me, how do you like it? At last you found a system in which you don’t have to be guessing or full of bshit no one understands?

--- 帖子 #746 ---
are you able to confirm if the chart is right? please

--- 帖子 #747 ---
No, you should start your box 2 hours before

--- 帖子 #748 ---
so basically 2 hours before London market opens??

--- 帖子 #749 ---
I have an idea for EA to have a better result ... I've been doing this manually.

The entry rules remain the same but at the time of opening the order the EA open two orders 1 with the sl tp of the box size equal to the original idea ... and the 2 with sl equal to 1 but tp bigger with twice the box ... if it is not reached until the end of the day close it!

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Like this

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Did I finally made it right?? so why its only good for EURJPY??

thank you so much for being nice

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Perfect. It works better in EURJPY because it’s the pair that most often makes daily candlesticks in the same direction the price breaks after Asian session.

In other words: if the Asian session high breaks after the session is over, the daily Candlestick will be bullish.

If the Asian session low breaks after the session is over, the daily Candlestick will be bearish.

how did I find out? Observation.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
hello ,can anybody answer how we can avoid the fake breakouts with this trading system?.Yesterday the price turn after the 5m having closed above 130.155 the buy signal point.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Avoid trading in days with important macro news

--- 帖子 #755 ---
thanks for the answer ,i wonder if somebody has developed a technique to avoid stop hunting and fake breakouts like the aforementioned trade example.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Maybe you did something wrong as yesterday’s operation is in profit. Didn’t reach take profi before market close but it is in profit. You’re supposed to watch it in m15.

Avoiding tot Ake trade with high impact news is a good idea, you can use channels also as a confirmation. No need to take a trade if it looks confusing, better to pass and avoid a stop loss, every day will give a new opportunity.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
If I live in NY time zone, what time's should I be setting start and end times? what about session end time? Apologies for the mundane question I just don't want to mess up the box.

ty

--- 帖子 #758 ---
dear FXMD ,thanks for your answer, Accordingly to your system the initial stop loss was was just above the box since  the first signal was bullish and my stop loss was 130.135, then we had a fake break out and the price change direction.What i was doing wrong here?Do i have to wait for 15 min chart to close above or below box in order the signal be valid?Thank you for your nice system and the  efforts provided,

--- 帖子 #759 ---
2am gmt time is 10 pm new york time.. you saying that's a good time to set up? or its getting for the london session that starts at 3am new york time?

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Yes 15m

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Read the thread, it has been made clear.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Read the thread, it has been made clear. Use a world clock app.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
A new week, good luck to everyone ！！

--- 帖子 #764 ---
FXMD, thanks for this strategy, about the EA, is there any setting in the EA to make it take trades only from the green boxes? Because in this part of the world, im usually asleep when there is a set up based on your strategy, so i really more on the EA

--- 帖子 #765 ---
I modified the strategy a little :

box size 20-45 ;

Tp and Sl ratio of 1:1;

2.5 hours before the start time of Box, close all the trades ;

4.5 hours before the start time of Box, don't entry new trade ;

DON'T BUY Under the sma(55) , DON'T SELL on the sma(55) ;

If the first trade lost , An attempt to trade in the opposite direction. if the fisrt win ,stop the trade of this symbol the day;

Try on EURJPY . CADJPY. AUDNZD .GBPUSD. EURGBP .AUDCAD ;

Monday,the result ;

Four win two negative one flat;

cadjpy double kill ;

got 33 pips

thank you so much Fxmd for this excellent and simple strategy.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Tuesday :
Three win four negative one flat
lost 4.8 pips
GBPUSD and EURGBP had two transactions .

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Nice, you’re using your creativity to filter signals

--- 帖子 #768 ---
I don’t know.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Hi FxMD,

Do you take trades on Sunday, going into Monday, with this system?

For me, two hours before Tokyo’s “Monday” opening would be 2pm Sunday (I live in California).

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Yes if there is a valid setup

--- 帖子 #771 ---
So if i understand right, i can use M15 or M5 or H1 or any timeframe because you say exact from 22 to 2 GMT. If i pick H1 then i take range of 4 candle 22,23,0,1 GMT right?

--- 帖子 #772 ---
You may but the breakout and Candlestick close is better to observe in m15

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Do you trade this everyday, or do you use discretion? (Trending vs ranging, near areas of s/r, etc?)

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Discretion. Cherry picking is the best way to grow your equity. My account size allows me to make a living decently on 7%-10% a month. What I found works better is to look for the target areas to see if they match with previous s/r that will make market structure to look even. If today’s target level looks like it will leave the price in the middle of nowhere or a level that doesn’t seem to make the structure look even then it most likely be a loss, another thing that doesn’t give good results is tight compression or ranging for 2 or more days. I hope I have made it clear and I’m attaching two pictures of yesterday’s setup so you see what I mean about target matching with previous s/r. You can see either way it broke, the target would complete market structure to a previous recent support or a previous recent resistance. That is a good setup. Does it work always? No, nothing is 100% for sure but why bother taking trades that don’t make sense. It’s better to cherry pick and watch your equity grow.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Fxmd, thanks for your continued support for your thread...good info!

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Please help me how to set up GMT  I did not know ? My local Central Time, 12:07:54 PM on  PC , Market watch my Broker Forex.com la 17:06:54  and  FX choice .com la : 20:07:54 , how to set Start time :       ; End time

Sessions end time:

I'm fool about its to calculate .

Thank you

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Of course I won’t help you even though I can, do your research.

--- 帖子 #778 ---
A text book trade today based on the original premise of the strategy.....38 pips.  thanks FXMD

--- 帖子 #779 ---
hello , if i am not mistaken  the first signal today was bulish,then the price changed direction,you could have gained 38 pips if you had taken the second signal on the opposite direction .

--- 帖子 #780 ---
nope....never a bullish signal .....no 15m candle  closed above 129.489.....

--- 帖子 #781 ---
[quote = Fxmd; 11212868] {quote}谨慎。樱桃采摘是增加您的资产的最佳方式。我的账户规模让我每月有7％-10％的体面生活。我发现更好的方法是寻找目标区域，看看它们是否与先前的s / r相匹配，这将使市场结构看起来更均匀。如果今天的目标水平看起来会使价格处于不确定的地步，或者这个水平似乎并没有让这个结构看起来甚至是那么那么它很可能是一个损失，另一个不能给出好结果的是紧缩或者等待2天或更长时间。我希望我已经说清楚了，我附上了昨天设置的两张照片，所以你看看我对目标匹配以前的s / r的意思。你可以看到它破裂的任何一种方式，目标将完成市场结构到最近的支持或最近的阻力。这是一个很好的设置。它总是工作吗？不，没有什么是肯定的，但为什么还要花费不合理的交易。樱桃选择并观察你的股票增长更好。{image} {image} [/ quote]

If this system can be changed to semi-automatic EA I want to be more perfect

--- 帖子 #782 ---
My broker showed (for the period 2 hours before Tokyo open ---> to 2 hours after Tokyo open) a high of 129.354 and a low of 129.104. So for me, there WAS a bullish signal as a candle did close above 129.354. However, I did not take the bullish trade because I didn't like Friday's high price (129.47) being so nearby. I thought it might interfere with my target of +25pips.

I did however, take the bearish signal later on for +25 pips, which was profitable.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
hi ,i agree for the bullish signal.But my low was 129.073 not 129.104.Is that right or false?In my time zone asian open is on 0100 ,so my box range has to be from 2300 to 0300.Unfortunately the indy is not showing the actual range of 28 pips but 13 pips, am i doing something wrong with the settings here?

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Hi, I really think you need to check your times. I think you have the opening time for Tokyo set too early so your high is too low. you want Tokyo opening not Australia or New Zealand which is sometimes included in Asia.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #785 ---
I stand corrected, thank you. Box time in the summer for California is 3pm-7pm. Thank you axecap

--- 帖子 #786 ---
True, this was yesterday’s box limits and take profit after bear signal and retracement.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
this is what your box should look like.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
yes 3 - 7pm for California looks right to me.....

see how we go today...

good luck

--- 帖子 #789 ---
jumped the gun, but I'm in at 129.30.....should have waited for the close....lets see what happens

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Hey guys, is there any updated EA for this? Or none is using this strategy anymore?

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #792 ---
I trade a similar system, this need much better risk management. I use a static SL instead of the opposite side of the box SL. I also recommend stop loss movement in relation to the range box instead of after a certain number of pips. Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #793 ---
stopped out for BE.

short now 128.668....

cheers

--- 帖子 #794 ---
ea

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Where do i get it, i tried StayFoolishs EA but it says it expired. Thanks you

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Pls what settings did you use to test the EA here? Was it based on pending orders on one side or both side of the box?

--- 帖子 #797 ---
bugger.....missed the entry today....looks like its going to be good too.

anybody get it?

--- 帖子 #798 ---
I don’t use pending orders, so I missed it :-(

--- 帖子 #799 ---
yep pending can be dangerous when it just tags ....but would have been good here. Not part of the system but i couldn't resist a short at the rotation, got in at 129.35.

a bit of a revenge trade ...but a spike like that must retrace...

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #801 ---
3 wins; 1 loss; +90 pips this week. Thanks again Fxmd!

Do you always let the trades go to hit either TP or SL even into the following day's box and beyond, or is your close trade more discretionary?

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Hi quangminh121, could you share this EA? Thks!

--- 帖子 #803 ---
interesting system

is that anyway we can maximal the profit ?

long run 60% winning?

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Cherry picking your trades.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Breakout v1.1a says it has expired, please help.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
hi anyone could tell me how to use EA on mac please ???

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Hi guys does anyone take the trade recently???

--- 帖子 #808 ---
All the time.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Me, too.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
I've been using the EA provided for this strategy and everything is working well except that the lot size function of the breakout EA 's 2.2 does not work well with my broker. My broker combines micro lot, mini and standard lot settings on same mt4, hence the EA just makes use of 0.01 all the time even when set to autolot. Can Stayfoolish be so kind to help fix this problem?

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Hi Navk,

Please help me how to set up GMT I did not know ? My local Central Time, 12:07:54 PM on PC , Market watch my Broker Forex.com 's 17:06:54 and FX choice .com 's: 20:07:54 , how to set Start time : ; End time Sessions end time: I'm fool about its to calculate . Thank you

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Hi  Navk,

Please help me , my time GMT - 5Hrs . So my start time in box (5PM CST and 9PM CST) it set right, Could you help  me out ? I'm really confuse about these.

Thank for help.

H

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Hi Luvene,

Could you give me what's the name of your EA, and where to buy its, I'd to try it .

Thank you

H

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Mianlien, yes that is the correct timing , if you are using Central DAYLIGHT Time (CDT not CST). This setting will change when time reverts back to CST this Fall. Your box should show 16 candles, not 17 as some have used. Set the End Time parameter to 4:59 in order to for the box to close exactly @ 9PM.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Thank you Bobcat2, I really appreciated  of your reply to me.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
So, 4 hours earlier than 21:00 New York is 17:00 New York or 5 PM local time

This is all you need to know; most broker rollover at 5 PM New York to give 5 equal daily candles during the week

If you lived in New York, Forex opens at 5 PM Sunday after noon, and closes at 5 PM Friday afternoon

Trying to relate that to GMT is useless due to the various daylight savings time changes throughout - different in every country

But the brokers keep the rollover to 5 PM New York local time; problem solved

Tokyo opens 2 hours later but don't worry about that

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Okay I read all the thread, much ado about time, and then a lot about the EA

Here is my take, I don't really think it matters much about how many hours the box covers.

The way I see it, you need to define the objective; are you looking for a breakout during Asian session as the pair has JPY in it?

Or, the intent is to trade during the Europe session to catch the breakout there, Frankfurt and later, London?

Most days, the box still contains the price data very well for the first 8 hours, to that witching hour before Frankfurt opens.

Either they wake up early or Asian banks are closing positions, check the price action there.

All you backtesters probably found that out, right?

If still concerned about getting the time right, the best place is https://www.timeanddate.com/

Make yourself a Personal World Clock as shown below, include Reykjavik - it is GMT all year long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Here is an example of the box placed as I mentioned, 1 hour before Frankfurt, the session times are viewed at the top of the chart.

I changed other stuff too, so don't blow a gasket

Watching the strength meter, JPY has been highest most of the day, with EUR pushing up now

Need EUR to drop down, it is now 2nd place, maybe after the first hour of London finished

Anyway, big EUR news later, so just experimenting with smallest position to watch the price action, both losing now

Good luck all, be careful

--- 帖子 #819 ---
I think the general consensus is that EJ is going to be bullish

--- 帖子 #820 ---
just use a pending order between top and bottom box, RR 1:2

got trigger buy and sell, but MM was on point still positive result.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
ThankErebus,

You help understand now how to figure out of time GMT .

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Hi Erebus

my Box with you differnt

Im at Sydney time australia

im start 8am-12pm

my box is 26 pips

did im correct ?

--- 帖子 #823 ---
As I mentioned, I don't think there is any right or wrong for box start or finish *** for manual traders ***

Obviously, EA traders need hard and fast rules regarding time and price

What is your objective? You are a manual trader I expect =

Do you want to trade Asian session by looking for a breakout 2 hours after Tokyo opens?

Do you want to catch the best moves during Europe session?

Daily rollover is 7 AM now for AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time, which is 5 PM New York EDT = Eastern Daylight Time

See previous post for TIME information

Good luck all

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Now that would be an awesome forum name = CONSENSUS

Or even the full name General Consensus (of the Forex Army?)

Anyway, how is that working for you?

What is the general consensus today?

Where can I find this general consensus?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Erebus,

May I ask the purpose of your posts? You don't appear to adhere to Fxmd's trading methodology. No disrespect, but wouldn't you be better served starting a separate thread where you can author your own trading strategy, and not attempt to alter the parameters of this thread? I must add that my results are profitable...just the way it is.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Work in progress

Been testing for awhile now

Original rules of the thread added in the ADX(14)

Results so far I came up with

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #827 ---
This is really interesting. I will test it in the coming week. Thanks to fxmd and and other contributors

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Wrong

--- 帖子 #829 ---
As long as it works for you then it’s all good

--- 帖子 #830 ---
You’re welcome, thanks for posting and please let me know if someone de ellos a system that gets close to this one and isn’t based off of the methodology of the EURJPY timed breakout box, guess it will take some time

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Thanks for posting, the more people that post working results the more proof everyone gets of how objective this method is. Remember to thank the EA creator, he did a good job and also to those traders who are coding new EAs.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
I’m want to share with you fellow traders in Forex Factory some words.

I have a telegram channel, I studied hard about forex and reduced it to the simplest form. Several things I have to tell you are:
1. Forex is simple (people think it’s more complicated than it actually is)
2. Forex is not the fastest way to make a lot of money investing a small amount.
3. Forex is the easiest and less time consuming way to make MORE money when you already have some to invest.
4. Retail forex trading is a form of gambling and nothing will change that nor is it wrong. (I invite anyone who wants and is able to do so to elaborate on that )
5. It’s possible to achieve a 30% return on one month but your aim should be a 7%-10% growth per month consistently. (30% consistently is not realistic)
6. I don’t advice to “make a living” from forex. Forex should be one of your 7 income sources.
7. How to determine you account size? How much money is it ok to start with? For example if your total monthly expenses are USD 1,000 then your account must be at least 10,000 USD. If you have to save money for a couple of years to reach this goal, do so, time will pass anyway either if you save money or if you don’t.
8. If someone tries to sell you a special indicator, a better strategy or a copy trader that promises returns above 50% each month consistently, run away and don’t look back it’s a trap, a scam and you can be sure that person is lying else he wouldn’t be selling any course or indicator.
Trust me I’ve been there and done that and I’m making this statements after doing objective observation, however I do invite you to do your own research on this statements I made so your trust will be based on observations and not on faith.

Thanks for reading and remember to read the first post to get the PDF with the original EURJPY Breakout strategy! You may want to print it and keep it by your trading desk or next to your calendar.

If there are people interested in ideas to build 7 income streams please let me know and I’ll consider writing about it, or even better you may start researching the subject on your own, remember to keep everything to it’s simplest form and conduct objective observation.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Interesting. I've known about this for years. Actually I even have an EA for it. Won't work in the long when market change it's tune. I haven't tested the EA on EURJPY. Will test it now. Try testing this on GU hit rate is much much lower. I even tried martingale and have a zone recovery much worst it will blow up an account.

Again, keep trading like this as long as it still works. It's fine I guess.

But on my EA it opens pending orders at the close of H4 candle on a new day. So might be slightly different. Well testing it now on EURJPY...

--- 帖子 #834 ---
No

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Thanks for that, I was wondering why he mentioned the Telegram channel, then never gives out more information

Fishing for PM's I expect, good luck suckers

And yes, will be totally commercial very soon

All I did was try to help, goodbye

--- 帖子 #836 ---
WRONG

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Loaded it and the EA. It opened buy for me at 8am GMT and went to x2 level. I stopped it at about x1 myself.

Looks like it had resistance at the top of the box, then again x1 level finally breaking it and then and again at x2.

Will see again tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Hi, Ιn my opinion your chart box is not correct as the box should have started 2 hours prior asian open.So the first signal was bearish and the sl was hit , and the second signal was bullish and profitable with 3 to 1 win ratio.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
The demo I set up has the timing +2 hrs ahead so the start of the box is 10pm GMT trust me and the end 2am as supposed to be. I just set the times so they would be correct. The top of the box was broke and you can see the trade plotter. It looks like 10am but it was 8am just as I left for work otherwise id have let it run and moved stop to BE at top of box.

Actually it open it at 8.45am (its 10.45am on the chart) I went into work late today lol

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Tried to set up for GU and UJ and EJ all at once but didn't open any as expected. Hmmm might try just EJ on its own again tomorrow. Or give up as seems no one else is continuing here.

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Just for the heck of it,  here are my criteria to look for this type of trade entry:

MUST be showing as a pair of strong vs. weak on Currency Strength Meters

The CSM shown on the chart by arrow, had GBP on the top and GBP on the bottom from mid Asia trading (of course it is not now in this picture)

I had the GBPJPY as the top pair on 3 other currency strength meters.

BEST trades will be during London session, been common knowledge for years, Google London breakout trade strategy

Good luck all

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #842 ---
CAn you pls share your currency strength indicator with me, pls?

--- 帖子 #843 ---
No problem, it not "mine" per se

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...76#post9389376

and be sure to read this

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=513671

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Love it! I was looking for something like this to complement the strategy.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Here is the chart for today, for the month of july, 6 losses and 10 won. Total valid trades 16

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Why not use ones from the internet for free?

--- 帖子 #848 ---
it is free

--- 帖子 #849 ---
I meant use web based currency strength indicators instead of Mt4 based.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
pls is the timing correct ?

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Cmon man, 2 hours before Tokyo opens —> 2 hours after Tokyo opens.

Last 15 min candle opens 1 hr, 45 min after Tokyo opens

--- 帖子 #852 ---
so 15min late?

--- 帖子 #853 ---
For me, easy to use, see it right there on the chart, and I used it for long time, I get to see how it works

Any suggestions of web based - FREE - CSM that you use and trust?

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Did you manually trade those buys. I was trying to get the Breakout v2.2 EA to work auto. It did on Monday but not after that. Seeems its simple to do this manually if you can sit there waiting for a close above/below

--- 帖子 #855 ---
You can use the alert function in MetaTrader which will notify you when price reaches a certain valu or, for people who love indicators, There is an indicator which works as follow:

“draw as a horizontal line in MT4, when price hits that price you’ll receive a push notification.”

its useful to alert you when price breaks out of the box, so you won’t have to sit and wait until the no occurs.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...548#post206548

with time you’ll see why I prefer manual trading and alerts.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Yes, manually for me, not any EA there

I add on as the trade into profit, as long as strength is there

And cut it quickly when it stalled as you can see

There is usually a lull before it goes into New York session

Which it did and didn't do much after

--- 帖子 #857 ---
I was asleep when this short was valid and the EA isn't working. Couldve made >20pips even though it was less than the optimum set-up.

Can someone make an EA that opens a trade just when there is a close above/below the box by a few pips only (say 5% of the box size)

--- 帖子 #858 ---
13 pips?? Just FYI my box was 16.9 pips tall

I trade manually, it’s much better, but trading this manually is easy in California (box closes at 7pm my time in the summer)

--- 帖子 #859 ---
My box is 13 pips too. I guess your setting is probably wrong

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Here is what I did, I'm watching 16 pairs, I can list them if any interest, I made a template for the Asian session

with the preferred times of 2 hours before and 2 hours after Tokyo open

I set the Max. box size to approximately half of the ADR(50) and the Min. box size to half of that again

for example, ADR(50) is 100 pips, Max. box is 50 pips and Min. box is 25 pips

I ended up with 4 separate templates, 60/30, 50/25, 40/20 and 30/15

here is the AUDJPY from today, note the session times along the top of chart

ADR(50) is 81 pips, so it is a 40/20 template

I saved all those charts in a Profile named Tokyo Breakout

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #861 ---
To continue, the point of last post was to prepare you for the next stage,

I made the same 4 Templates but changed the box time to end just before Frankfurt open

Here is the same AUDJPY pair with that time setting

I could have added on, but box size already big, and I have other trades open - no GBP pairs however, big news coming

So, saved all those charts as Europe Breakout, now easy to switch between those different time settings

Hope that helps some traders

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #862 ---
As I mentioned before, the best thing you can do is trade a strong currency against a weak currency

I also use this indicator, with various Trade Level settings, you can see them in the heading by arrow

As the pair becomes a "better" trade, they progress up the levels of strength vs weakness

You can find it here but please learn about it over there, no support in this thread, far off the track now

according to some

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...9#post11253899

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Could u pls share your pips counter indicator? Thanks

--- 帖子 #864 ---
sure, no problem, hope you make lots of them PIPS

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Where did all the traders go? Any profits to report from yesterday?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #866 ---
This week, all 4 days are win:

30/07/2018 - win: 21 pips + 42 pips

31/07/2018 - win: 20 pips + 40 pips (box too big but take the trade as price action very convincing)

01/08/2018 - win: 19 pips + 1 pips (set BE+1)

02/08/2018 - win: 34 pips + 59 pips (manual stop this morning)

Total= 236 pips

Am in Malaysia and now is 10.45am. I open 2 position every time when it meet the system's SOP as per rules of this thread

--- 帖子 #867 ---
can you share the templates you made please! thanks

--- 帖子 #868 ---
We’re here...

--- 帖子 #869 ---
My friend, you can. To share. your. template. with. Indicator?

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Not sure I understand your process, but well done!!

--- 帖子 #871 ---
WOW

WOW

don't ask for much....

Indicators, sure, but Template, no - WHY? = different time zones, won't be the same, already too much time wasted about time in this thread

You need to do some work to set it up, to make it work for YOU

This is what is in zip file:

3 Tier - same as Post 1

Spread - on FF here

ADR - on FF here

Magnified Price TRO - he won't mind

weekly open line - on FF here

pips meter - already shared

Currency Strength = already shared, on FF here

PVSRA = no support given here,  open the file, read the instruction - more infofmation here = https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=540706

Good luck, let's see those charts

--- 帖子 #872 ---
follow the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) of the strategy as mention in first post by Fxmd

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Hello

Today there is a 3-hour range but after 30 minutes of resetting, no longer see that area, why? Thank you

--- 帖子 #874 ---
I'm not really sure what you are saying or asking about

3 hour range / resetting / no see area

Please explain in more details what you need, and a better picture helps too

This is what I see using the original Template from post 1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Whens it going to break out !!!

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Yes but 30 minutes later .i reinstall and do not see that area. Maybe I reinstalled . Sorry and Thanks for answering

sorry you

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Sorry i can Use this method with another pair?

And Is it possible to set an alarm when candle close out of the box?

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Careful what you wish for...

You just might get it

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #879 ---
nice tool erebus your all post reading silent

clever professional trader

thank you very much

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Hi Erebus

What is this ?

You can specify it

thanks

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Entered a bi early but Boom...2K in the bank

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hi Emerald2112,

It appeared that the Buy was triggered early on....could be my eyes though

--- 帖子 #883 ---
there was no close above

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Got it....thank you for the reply!

--- 帖子 #885 ---
I did it manually yes a bit early but did look like EJ was going down.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Please make an effort to read the thread when you have TIME, especially my posts

In fact, skip over the TIME discussion posts and then you only need to read about 20 posts

Try 888 first ----> https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post11325626

EURJPY and EURAUD stayed the best until the close

--- 帖子 #887 ---
I was late and exit early but it was bedtime, in the past if I leave a Friday trade open, it will go to stop and only be a breakeven, so I'm happy!

I hope that is 2K real dollars and not demo dollars

Original template shown

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Hi,

Is the telegram channel still alive? I joined the channel but it looks like the last post was from June 2018.

I am interested in this method and would like to try.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
EA is Expired.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Hi FXMD

I have a couple of questions please.

1) Can I clarify that the important start time for creating the breakout box is NY close ie 1700 EST, which is currently 2200 in the UK (Currently 2100 GMT)

2) What is the significance of this 1st 4 hour period following NY close? I ask because if applied to other instruments could it be different?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Two stop losses today, from both sides of the range

--- 帖子 #892 ---
But the range was 14, in my box, why you took the trade?

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Set the EA overnight again and its open a buy limit just now but in the box. I think its set to do that as saw a 0.618 level setting. TP and SL are good at bottom of box and x 1 level. Will see if this retraces to opens a buy and closes at x1 later in profit

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Hi,

Today i took my first trade to the upside , i hope my indicator setting is okay

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Yeah you copied me. I put a buy on as the EA set a buy order so might have missed it. Closed at x1 level as set my own TP.

Try again tomorrow then

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Hi Erebus, would you please list the 16 pairs you are watching? Thanks.

Regards,

Blackeagle

--- 帖子 #897 ---
So basically you have Tokyo breakout and Europe breakout profiles. Do you trade both breakouts? If currency strength does not look promising, do you skip the trade? Would please kindly explain your thinking process when both Tokyo and Europe time frames are involved? Thanks for your time.

Regards,

Blackeagle

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Sure no problem

AUDJPY,AUDUSD,CADJPY,EURAUD,EURCAD,EURJPY,EURUSD,GBPAUD,GBPCAD,GBPJPY,GBPUSD,NZDJPY,NZDUSD,USDCAD,USDCHF,USDJPY

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Closed trade manually for 18pips

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Yes, I will trade any breakout BUT the pair has to be as the strong / weak pair on the Currency Strength Meters

Most days Asian session is slow anyway, there will be no breakouts, see the chart posted by tajirika

he was worried if his indicator setting is ok? didn't matter as the breakout not until Frankfurt open

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...5#post11339385

As for the thinking, just have to review many charts, SEE the Price Action, the breakout will work on their own most time

I was busy with stuff today, too many setups to choose from, can hardly miss out

Look at GBPAUD, down on weekly, down on daily, down on 4 Hour, down yesterday, 15 minutes setup is a GIFT

Good Luck

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Eurbus are you GMT+2???

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Hello everybody

can set up push notifications on phone?

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Hi fxmd. I like this good indicator. now im waiting the good time to make the profitable trade with this technique.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
hi Erebus changed value trade level but same value does not it difference you have any idea?

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Sorry for late reply..missed it. Yes its Demo only so left it to run without even a SL

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hi, Im trying to get the EA to open at the close above.below the box. Do you have settings? Is the v2.2 good?

Will still put a trade on anyway in the morning when I see a close manually so might not even need it.

Going to setup a few pairs like Erebus but cant watch the box all day in the UK so its Asia session only at the mo for me unless I get a mobile set-up working.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
The Trade Level refers to the list of Strength Levels - see them colored numbers

That is what is being screened, you can do it in your head,

eg. when CAD is -2.96, it will be screened at the 2.75 Trade Level (and below) but not seen on the 3.0 Trade Level

And it will be paired with something +2.75 and above of course

That is the idea of starting with Levels = 1.25, 1.50, 1.75, 2.00 = you can see easily the currency that is increasing as the progress

The farther it shows, the stronger the move, so don't necessarily take them at 1.25 or even 1.75 unless you see Price Action move

Hope that helps, too easy, stay nimble!

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Hmmm. who wants to know? and why?

Broker time is Helsinki time = I use New York 5 pm closed charts

And reference Reykjavik is GMT all year long!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #909 ---
thank you very clearly explain it

my monitor not enough all indicator display

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Nice, I hope you achieve it

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Just use 6 then and make the separation of Levels larger

eg. 1.0, 1.5, 2.0, 2.5, 3.0, 3.5

that should cover them, adjust as required

--- 帖子 #912 ---
After breakout and price go back to entry level, is it still a valid setup?

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Yes, still valid.

But for me personally, I'll just end up watching this one today I think.

Edit - I’d short it below the box though... :-)

--- 帖子 #914 ---
I think your box is late but yes its coming back off the pivot so wont trade this now. Missed the BO anyway as was asleep and EA didn't open

It was a good short off the pivot and by the TDI but that's another strat sorry.

Also the first candle at 10pm GMT is artificially wide I think making the box bigger so think it could've gone either way. I should've put a sell order at the Pivot

--- 帖子 #915 ---
As you're busy watching, here is something to look at, dang I'm only in CADJPY not this one

This is the beauty of adjusting for Europe, that's when price moves

Also, use the Currency Strength Meter here guys, "Giraia meter"

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...76#post9389376

and read more here

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=163158

Good luck and pips to all

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Your box starts same time as mine, but you’ve got one too many candles. Last candle starts at xx:45

four hour box = 16 candles

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Yes, it should be 16 candles. Luckily I didn't miss out the NEW breakout

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Thank you for your sharing

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Definitely doesn't start at 10pm GMT. That move down isn't a breakout so much as a move down from resitance. I should shorted that but thats a different strat. No valid BO using Asia session box. Might move to a EU box though like Erebus and use a strength meter. Thing is I'm in work during EU session...

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Hello,

How do you adjust the box for EU session, my current box is like below

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Can set box time to whatever you want in the India and to match the timing of your broker. What I want to know is whats the best box time for EU session...3am GMT to 7am GMT? Then I'm at work waiting for a breakout lol. Hmmm

--- 帖子 #922 ---
I've been using this one:-

http://www.livecharts.co.uk/currency-strength.php

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Adjust the Start Time and End Time in the Breakout indicator settings

Make sure there is 4 hours between them, some people like to make the 2nd setting end at xx:45 so that the next 15M candle will be outside the box

Just play with, you can always Reset it or use a previously saved Template if you don't like what you get

Good luck all

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #924 ---
I think if you are able to think outside of the box this I a good strat for you

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Hi, would today be a loss? Because according to the first post we enter at the close of the breakout bar..

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Yes, today first trade a BUY and it is a loss, except none here talks about it..someone will come up with some sort of explanation why you have to do it differently...

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Huh? I said this was not a BO trade going short and yes meant by that it woul also have been a losing trade if you had gone long. Well then again that's if you place you box where it should be 10pm GMT. If you shift it later then you could make that highest candle the top of the box and validate the short trade but that's cheating

--- 帖子 #928 ---
This good example of the Box,

after losr the long position, did anyone re entry short base on the box ??

--- 帖子 #929 ---
I only took it short, when candle closed below the box. I did not take the long position -- if you want to know why I can explain, but it's outside the "trading rules" of this system so i'll leave that out

--- 帖子 #930 ---
The strategy described on p.1 DOES start at 10pm GMT, two hours before Tokyo session opens at 12am GMT (Tokyo opens at 9am their local time)

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Do you combine you strategy with this ? Interesting

could you please explain??

it may very useful for this forum

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Good, mine closes at 5pm also. And is gmt+2. Made 70.2+pips on GbpUsd, on GBP weakness this morning. Thanks in part to MADdash

--- 帖子 #933 ---
I want to know. It would be great to know how you are winning the pips

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Im talking about other poster charts lol

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Everyone's posting other box times so you could fit it to whatever you think works lol. That's what I mean

--- 帖子 #936 ---
May aswell flip a coin

--- 帖子 #937 ---
No, I’m just focusing exclusively on Fxmd’s strategy described on page 1.

BUT, I did not take yesterday’s long simply because I did not like the look of price action on larger TFs. On H4 for example, that long coincided with a bearish pin bar (one) sitting just under a xxx.00/xxx.50 number, 129.50 (two) at an area of upward resistance (three)

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Exactly what I'm getting at eg need to think out of the box (love that joke). I'm not saying there isn't another box e.g for EU breakout so maybe later. I'd advise to consider other factors too though especially if there is something to support a move.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Just entered EJ for a buy

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Strength with the GBP today, others very choppy

Good luck all

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Hi, if my stop loss is 36 pips and I want to risk only £5..what lot size do i open the trade with? Leverage is 1:30...

Sorry im new to trading. what calculation do I do?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #942 ---
If you do a quick google search for something like "forex position size calculator" you'll find plenty of webpages that will calculate lot size for you.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
did you guys have two losses today ? short was a stopout, then long was a stopout. just curious.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Stopped out on long. I only take one trade per day on EJ

--- 帖子 #945 ---
2 STOP LOSSES today

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Read the Price Action, it goes up, it goes down

Hokey Pokey

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Your the man  I need pips

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Easy 92 pips (3x box). Thanks, Fxmd!

--- 帖子 #949 ---
EA is Expired

did anyone have a new update EA for this box strategy ???

please kindly share

--- 帖子 #950 ---
I am getting requests for indicator, template, where is this, where is that, so here they are.

This is not system, it is tools, you have to take the tools and make your system

Adjust the times to suit your trading times, choose the pairs you know, or watch them all, up to you

3 Tier Indicator in the Zip file is the same as original here with time adjustments for Europe (my broker, my timezone)

You should find: 3TierBreakout ZIP = Indicators (5), Presets (5), Templates (2)

Hopefully, you have basic plus knowledge of Metatrader files and where / how to pu them

The 2 templates are the same, use of default makes it easy to start a new Profile, right click on the pair(s) in MarketWatch to open, and they open with default Template already to go

Your chart may or may not look like this

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #951 ---
I don’t use pending orders, so I missed it :-(

But well done BobbyKitty!!

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Wasnt the first sell trade a loss then the lbuy one was a win?

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Hi, I am trying to demo trade this method. I opened sell trade today and wanted to put stop loss on the other side of the break out, at 45pips higher but the metatrader platform did not allow me..said it has to be at least 53 pips away..does anyone else experience this, what do you do? Ideally i want to open trade set stop loss and take profit and forget about it until I come back from work.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Today SELL Trade is a STOP LOSS.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Try to avoid criticize the system, but

system become more complicated and complex rather from first look

breakout lines is clear.

decision to buy or to sell its not clear.

- price action

- breakout candle

- price action formations around breakout lines

- max limit

- not every day opportunities set

- after FLB (fresh level breakout) waiting pullbacks

if price momentum its high from breakout level waiting

pullbacks till level or somewhere and that you need to do at every single breakout level.

the system itself become more and more complex. So in order to keep as stupid as possible like was mentioned at the first post its impossible because you need to be smart to make a decision buy or sell according this system.

Try combine with this, but...

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post11344470

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Amazing,this breakout strategy is actually quite successful if you follow the rules from post 1 but the last few posts are from clowns that can't follow simple instructions.There was no trade yesterday due to the large box size.....end of story.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Well said

K.I.S.S.

--- 帖子 #958 ---
I'm playing around with the Breakout EA on a demo account to find what could be some good settings for other pairs then EurJpy, and I'm looking for an Europe Breakout, not an Asian one

something I dont get tho is how to make the EA open a trade right after signal is triggered, it is either a Limit or a Stop order, something I'm missing?

in this example signal is triggered and a Limit order is placed but trade never triggered...

sorry guys for sloppy english

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #959 ---
hi TanRoofer can you please share this EA PLEASE

--- 帖子 #960 ---
everything is in this thread my friend

--- 帖子 #961 ---
but why my EA said has Expired ??

--- 帖子 #962 ---
not the latest version, look for v2.2

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Dude this system is awesome. 2 trades successfully. EURJPY +43 pips and GBPJPY +42 pips with price up to +77 pips. The problem for me is that in the Asian session it is my sleep time = /. But the system is well approved.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
my first trade with EURJPY M15 system

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Where is?

--- 帖子 #966 ---
in this thread

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Thx

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Indeed, that’s why rules exist. This system is not suitable for people that are experts in over complicating simple things. They should learn to read before trying to learn to trade.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Hi there I can see this works fine manual and as per your initial rules but just wanted to know if you using the breakout EA I saw for this at all

--- 帖子 #970 ---
In germany the start time is very early for EurJpy.

Are there other Forex pairs that work ?

--- 帖子 #971 ---
hi yalgaar. i register this account to consult you .pls tell me the answer.

i write an ea according to FXMD's rule and make a compare to your EA.

i found this:your ea(with default arguments) dont make a buy limit here.it's seems it's a good choice.i dont know why can you pleass tell me?

sorry for my bad English.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Hi StayFoolish,thx for your ea.it's great.

i have one question.

there are two EA,top is mine,according to fxmd's rules.bottom is yours.i wonder why you did not put the buy stop ticket ?

i use the default arguments.can you pls share the reason?
https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1534689839

--- 帖子 #973 ---
2 for 2 EJ this week

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Yeah me too. Easy buys. Still not sure longterm just randomly doing as per initial rules. I think when you know the direction can make good trades, Will keep testing for sure and may go live too.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Trading manually, I had 3 winners and 1 loser.

2 winners at 1.5:1 RR

1 winner at 2:1 RR

--- 帖子 #976 ---
I have been using the following R:R in pic below. In an earlier post in this thread, member “Rufus” suggested it

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Regarding direction: are you referring to checking higher timeframes for overall direction, and only opening trades in that direction?

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Yes that and using some way to check the trend on the lower time frame and where price is in relation to  some reliable support/resistance indicator. Someone said to use currency strength too. I was hoping for some way to be able to trade auto but as I think its better to use more info then

Just a chart with some other indicators borrowed for last weeks EJ

I traded the last two days and made TP1 for both. They both went to TP2 and can see the last would have been confident to let  to go to TP2 which was also R161 were it stalled.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Hi folks can anyone tell me

how the lates EA entry point work ???

is said 0.618 entry point I’m not get it could anyone explain please

cheers

Hengki

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Hello All....I have started this a few weeks ago and the rules are simple,don't make it complicated and twist it around,the developer is brilliant.

I posed results from August 2018 and here how it goes..... You got the date ,the box range which is 6pm to 10pm est. time.Pips won meaning the 1:1 risk to reward...the total in Blue box...BO.Max pips means if you leave it to run and it hits another buy/sell target or max pips before reversal,you can use a good indicator for confirmation and be safe,or trailing stop the range of the box height in pips.To conclude,positive month August so far,I have not checked the previous months,but I can only say good stuff about this trading system,with proper MM long term,you're going to be thankful. FXMD is a boss!

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Yeah but if you'd opened EJ at the close outside the box youd only have made 26pips or so and then lost it all if you waited for TP2

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Yesterday wasn’t valid for me, as it did not retrace back up soon enough (after price went down very quickly) to short EJ a pip or 2 pips below the box. So no trade for me yesterday

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Yeah, the candle closed too far down on the M15 to be able to be able to hit the Target 1 for me, so with the rules it would be a breakeven or loss (depending on setup).

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Yeah that was also my point

--- 帖子 #985 ---
is there any progress ..

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Progress on what?

--- 帖子 #987 ---
yesterday trade hit SL

I have examined this method manually from January to August 2018 with the 100% method described by FXMD (without looking at macros, maximum boxes etc)

Jan 18 = 351 pips

Feb 18 = 131 pips

Mar 18 = 269 pips

Apr 18 = 19 pips

May 18 = 64 pips

Jun 18 = 130 pips

Jul 18 = 107 pips

Aug 18 = 170 pips

--- 帖子 #988 ---
is that the pips you earn each month?? impressive..

--- 帖子 #989 ---
does this mean the system can last long?

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Since Jan - August, maximum consecutive lost (Losing streak) is 3 days in a row..

so with proper money management, it wont burnt your account.. CMIIW

--- 帖子 #991 ---
The system can last as long as anyone wishes. I feel you maybe don't understand trading. You need to study up on some basics

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Yesterday trade hit SL

--- 帖子 #993 ---
I had it as a buy at top of box and hit SL. Also have set my box and 25min 50max. Wouldn't have made a difference. Sell opened today but looks lile E wants to go up.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Come on sell EJ sell it! I moved my TP up a bit to what I think might be support too and its enough for me on these 2 trade. Is that cheating  Thinking to close one then move the other to BE if it gets there.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
The above just demo on ICM...anyone else know does ICM really give 0.3/5 pips spread on EJ live?

--- 帖子 #996 ---
TP hit took both

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Should've kept to my initial plan and closed one and took one to BE with TP moved to target 2. Would've made 1.5x profit but ok as it is.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Hi Emerald2121,

Where can I get that little currency strength meter you have on your chart ? Has it proved to be accurate ?

--- 帖子 #999 ---
0.1/4 at the moment (09:23) UK time. Live Account.

Paul.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Im out now as its at a bit of resistance and ive made my target amount anyway. If it goes back to pivot though id be a bit gutted lol

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Not sure, it wasn't loaded properly in the chart posted so loaded it again here and it does have E above J which matches current. Haven't really used it as was going by trend S/R and PA this week. Ill post it when I find it

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Ok, been testing three strategies this week and overall positive so going to go live soon.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
There's lots of currency meters I think.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
today SL

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Hi guys,

I cannot trust 80% wins...but i tried to test it and got following results. I have to say not bad...for long time.

Your test results will be welcome.thanks

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Today TP

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Today SL

White arrow - Entry

Red arrow - SL

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Hi, I think this system is the common London Breakout. Although the time for the box I think it is all the asian sesion. I have a longer box, and in the london open you put both trades, long and short. SL in the other side of the box.

If first trade fails, then you enter the opposite.

If the first trade is good, then you cancel the other.

Sometimes you can get 2 stoploss, Bad day then.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In Eur-usd I have good result too.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Today TP

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Today SL

White arrow - Entry

Red arrow - SL

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
TP for me.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Impossible to make profits with this technique in the long run if RR is 1:1

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
That means the wins rate is <50% with this technique if RR is 1:1.but how to prove "Impossible"? using <10 SL screenshot?

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
TP

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Today SL

White arrow - Entry

Red arrow - SL

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
You have obviously modified the original rules.My 4HR box had a top of 129.54 and a bottom of 129.185.I was stopped out of my short trade overnight with a 1R loss.I think "driven18" was on to it.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
today TP

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
SL

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Today TP

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
driven18,

I think you are not trading according to the rules from post 1,

The candle/bar has to close over BO. The white arrow price bar closes within the BO. Where as the Red arrow closes outside the BO. That would have been a valid long trade.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
true

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
TP Hit

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Go to first page and read the rules on the first page:

Buy if price breaks above the box

Sell if price breaks below the box

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Post #6, says he waits for bar to close outside the box, if it's too far outside, he waits for pullback.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Yes it does state that, but at post #6 its what I stated above. Just trying to help. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Great Thread guys and Thank You and Well Done to all who have contributed here.

Can someone please be kind enough to direct me to the correct EAs as the one posted at the begining of this thread comes up 'expired' when I run it.

Thank You in advance

S

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
TP HIT

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Okay sorted out the indicator EA. Problem was squidgey thing in front of the keyboard.

Apologies to all for my stupidity

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
dimash have I missed a post somewhere?

I thought the box was supposed to span 2 hours before and 2 hours after Asia Open?

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Driven18,

Do yourself a favor and download Fxmd's template. Your self-drawn lines are doing you no favor. I use the Oanda platform. Today's lower box level is 130.908 whereas your line is showing 130.962. The lower breakout price close never occurred until after the upper box breakout culminated in a win. All 3 trades this week have been wins.

Hope this helps...

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
No

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Thanks, Fxmd. All 4 trades this week are winners!

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
has anyone tried this system on gbp/jpy just wondering

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
do you guys use any filters to decide which way to go or do you take the short and if stopped out reverse long or vice versa

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Some use currency strength meters, trend lines and indicators of that kind. In my opinion, go for price action. Once again if you feel the chart has no definite form just skip the setup and come back tomorrow. Sometimes you’ll miss good trades and sometimes you will avoid losing trades, tough luck, enjoy the winners, forget the losers.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Here is a FREE box breakout indicator, and read the Comments section for answer to your question, quite easy actually

https://www.mql5.com/en/market/product/9576#

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Hi MrFxmd, from what i see that different time frame there are different BOs range, was that sth wrong with my indicator or that's the way system works?

Tks MrFXmd

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
TODAY SL

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Hello Friends,

Today I wanted to see the breakup effect to all common symbols as per this thread.

I might be wrong some where, pls correct if so.

Here is my findings:

kkb2k8

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Hi Stayfoolish,

Would it be possible to add a reverse option to the EA so instead of buying at the top and selling at the bottom of the box, the EA sells at the top and buys at the bottom?  I would like to run back tests on some alternative scenarios for a results comparison.

Kind regards,

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Denis, your H4 box is wrong. It must be coordinated to end @ 2AM GMT. Also, you have 17 candles in your box; it should be 16. My box range was 18 pips and was the 6th consecutive win for me. My platform is Oanda MT4.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
It's Gmt+2, not taking account of daylight saving. I made that mistake earlier as well!

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
My visual backtest of September gives me Wins-Loss=2. Has anyone the same count?

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Hi guys,

Based on this strategy, I will be making several tests

I will try to test it in several pairs and different hours.

My first tests to try to find the best pairs and the best hours gave me the followed results (June to September 2018 tested)

Broker server GMT+2 / 4-hour candle top and bottom / 15 Time Frame chart

Using Martingale (even I am not very fan of Martingale, the tests showed that the strategy works about 55%, but normally in the best pairs/hours, does not go more than a 4th level of Martingale. For that, I will be testing with Martingale.

USDJPY - works on the 4h candle of 0h and 16h

EURJPY - works on 0h, 4h, and 12h candles

EURUSD - works on the 8h candle

USDCHF - Works on the 16h candle

GBPUSD - 8h

AUDUSD - 0h

USDCAD - 16h

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
I have the same doubt and I did not found any answer to that.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
That was answered. Wait for a bar to close past the box. If candle is too big and closes too far past the box, wait for a pullback. If no pb, don't trade.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Fxmd stated that he waits for a 15 minute candle to break out of the box and CLOSE outside the box.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
I entered today , Did any one entered the trade today , it breaks up the above line am i correct ?

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Thanks.

But today EURJPY was a loss, even with the correct method, correct?

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
I entered in my real account and it was a loss to me.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Have you tried to use S/R lines to SL and TP?

I have a strategy that uses the Support and Resistance Lines to make the Stopp Loss and Take Profit values.

I use this:

TP: 2 or 3 pips before reaching the line

SL: 2 or 3 pips after reaching the line

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
No. Trade is still live, proceeding to TP. I woke up in profit.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Everyone should take a look at his work, I’ll explain some examples. Remember to use ADR to determine TP/SL values and breakout size max/min.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Good work.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Monday and Tuesday -  Stop Losses

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
You got your box completely wrong.

It should start at 22:00 GMT and not at 0:00 GMT as it's in your case.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
I'm afraid those "clean signals" were not that clear, at the moment of entry.

H1 and H4 were probably showing different direction.

We would have to check all those time frames when there is an entry signal, and then compare to those when TP/SL has been hit.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Hi MrFxmd, can you share that directional indicator in the pics.

Many thanks.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Not with the box set at 10pm - 2am GMT as original setting. Just reversed and SL hit bad  EJ just wants to go up the last while

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
I just don't agree that the Month and Weekly candles have anything to do with a strategy that measures 1 single H4 candle. The H1, H4 and even D1 I can understand. the rest no.

For the rest, congrats on the work.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
It must be said that with the daily time ON this changes.

For example, now (in the summer with DLS on) it is 01h GMT the Market Opening. So it starts as 23h00 GMT.

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Guys,

With the absence of a working EA as it seems there is no sharing going on I have adapted this system for myself in the UK. I am a little mystified why there is so much disagreement on when the band should be set. The rules seem fairly specific with 2hrs before and 2 hrs after asia open. If you have you time set in Forex Factory it shows you the correct Market open times.

In the UK Asia opens at 1am so the box should start at 11 pm. With my broker I have to cater for the times being 2 hours out anyway so I have my box set at start 1am to 4.45 am.

As this means following the original setup you look for trades from 3am GMT onwards when I am still in bed I have set a start time at 6am GMT time. My results are proving just as good if not better than the original setup but again time will tell. For entries when a trade has already been initiated prior to 6am GMT I use Heiken Ashi bars to get in.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Theres not disagreement. Its clear that's it 2 hrs before Asia opens just some have got that wrong and even I forgot to set for the +1hr for Asia start now. Anyway yeah you can set what ever you want but the original is clear and some just have it wrong lol.

Oh and I like the Asia timings to set it over night and check if it breaks before I go to work..so a start at 6am is not good for me. That's the London open breakout which ive seen a lot of mentioned.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Thanks for the reminder on the time change. It wouldn't have been a loss yesterday after all as no sell would have been triggered. As it is if the buy was it wouldn't have made tP1 either but atleast no loss. Oh well. Today no trade for me even though the sell would have made TP1

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Hi all , The EA which is in our thread is not working , can anyone help me out with the correct EA ? Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
I was waiting for the breakout , Since then not realising that the breakout was done , immediately the next candlestick hit the TP1 , so Kindly anyone help me out with the EA to find the break outs .

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Also keen to hear about an EA that will trigger the buystop/sellstop above and below the box (each with its own SL/TP), and then cancel the remaining pending trade.

Currently trying to do this manually.

Has someone got the NotifyMe ea that can notify me on my mobile (during work hours) that a trade was triggered (so I can cancel the remaining sellstop/buystop)?

Or is there a better way maybe?

I also see charts posted with more than one TP target....

Thank you kindly

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
With great respect and thanks to the original author of this thread...... great thread and excellent trading idea.

Plse allow me to share the following: will deleted if not appropriate and if it should rather be an seperate thread:

Your idea had me exploring more and thinking how I can utilise/tweek this original idea for personal use, my hours, as I need something to set and forget, a trade a day, before I leave for work in the morning.

Will you plse have a look at this idea:

Chart 15m EU

My chart runs on GMT+3 broker time (so please covert to your own local/broker time).

I draw my box 1am to 6am (GMT+3).

I set 2 pending trades after 6am (GMT+3), 2-3 pips above the box for Buy, and 2-3 below the box for Sell.

Currently I only run a TP of 15 pips and a SL of 15 pips.

Setting everything manual for a now......

When I scroll back on the EU chart I notice that this should bring me about 15 pips (minus spread) a day (more than 90% of the time).

The losses are very minimal.

One can fine tune this with the help of an ea, trailing profits, etc, etc, to get even more pips out without really risking more.

Maybe there are more currencies one can do this with... have'nt had the time to look yet...

Please let me know your ideas to streamline this.... I am only a beginner.

Please manually draw the boxes on your own charts for the last 2 months or so, and see if you also come up with the same promising results.

Thank u.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
He agreed to share it with us soon.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Yes, on a practice acct. Too thrashy/volatile for me. I’m on a live acct with EJ only using this system.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Yes it works!

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Hello Fxmd,

Here under are the indies used with supporting software.

@laryxx

the template also included

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Does anyone use this method on gold? It would be nice to know what values should be used to set the charts.  With gold the charts come out differently.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
SL Hit

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
kkb2k8/Fxmd, would you please share this dashboard indicator. Thanks.

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1537888133

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
I am from India which is GMT +5.30 , Could anyone help me at what time i should consider drawing the box . Now i draw from 3.30-6.30 is that correct ?

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
it will confuse you, for an easier way, open the forexfactory homepage and look in the lower right corner ... make a box 2 hours before and after the Asian session opens

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
TP Hit

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
hi FXMD

can you tell me why my indicator have to Refresh Everyday ? if not the box not working properly?

can anyone fix this bugs for me please?

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Hey dimash0609,

Are you trading according to the original rules of this thread, 1:1 RR?

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
2 moor TP HIT GREAT WORK

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
One moor tp hit today $ tp hit

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
I only open my trade when the candle close above or below the box.. and my TP is always sell/buy target 1

100% comply with FXMD rules

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
does this strategy works with GBP JPY and GBP USD ???

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
yes brother today work, i am first time tread this method , today i am four tread win this method

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Make it rain

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
brother your method is very good working/ FXMD

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Hello trader,

I would like to test the EA. the problem is the same as everyone else. It is the time settings ( sorry but I still don't get it right)

I use IC markets broker and the server time is GMT+3

What should I put in the strat time and end time settings my friends? thank you in advance

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Hi,

I think your correct box settings should be 1am to 4:45am.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Anyone else confirm this guys?

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Attached Image

2am at +3GMT would be 5am for your broker time, to finish the box at exactly 5am on a 15 min chart you need to set the box setting as 4:45.

try it and see if the box matches the screen shots posted here most days.

Alternatively, do a search in this thread for "GMT" as I'm sure its been discussed countless times.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
TP Hit, ladies & gentleman...

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
brother you are open this tread 1 hour time fram?

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
M15, i didn't make any modification whatsoever... i just followed the original rule by FXMD

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Good day Dimash0609.

Did you place a pending order or manually opened the trade when it broke out?

My reason for asking is, if you waited for the candle to close before opening, then the order would only be opened almost half way to TP.

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
i use mobile notification on my MT4, so when the price hit "enter buy / enter sell" my phone will ring.. then i wait the candle to close and i enter the trade.

my RR will not always be 1:1.. but so far this method just works even the RR < 1

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
On M15, there would be no trade here, unless you used a pending buy order. Fxmd does not recommend using pending orders. See his OP

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
yes this no rule tread

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
I'm not sure if your box is correct, if you are confused about GMT, refer to when the Asian market opens

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
usdcad tp hit

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
0ne moor tp hit nzdusd

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
are you from Tunisia?

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
I think that I have the same box as the other tradeers now. thank you

What should I put in the EA open and close time? does the EA close time is equal to the indicator close time -45min ?

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Total BS

EURJPY - SL today

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Hallo,

I have downloaded your EA but I don't get your same results... actually they are very negative for the months of August and September.

I also wrote an EA and get the same negative results as well....

How do you explain this significant difference?

Many Thanks, Puma

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
ready to pull back to trend

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Hi Stayfoolish, I've tried to trade LIVE with the EA and it opens the trade, but several seconds later it close it. Why? In demo account, it runs ok. Does the EA runs only in demo accounts?

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
can you post your chart Mr.BS?

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Thank Stay Foolish for EA Breakout_v2.2a.ex4
https://www.myfxbook.com/strategies/...autolot/150476

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Nice, the fact that this is an automated bot with no human intervention after setting it up.

Looks like shorts give better results.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
In another note, I want to share this channel with everyone who is interested in scalping, a friend sent me his link and after checking it for a few days it’s the only trader on M1 and M5 that actually is consistent in getting positive results over consecutive days. This is a free channel as of the date this was posted. Remember to keep money management in check and review the content before taking signals/applying the skills taught there.
https://t.me/joinchat/AAAAAFHs1eXhNSFmaG_z2Q

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Hey guys,

Daylight savings will be happening in Australia on Sunday 7th Oct 2018.

Right now Sydney session opens at 7am but will move forward to 8am on Monday.

Do I start the strategy times for the box at 8am to 12pm (4hrs) ?? or would I need to do this 2hrs either side of Asia Session opening which would be 7am to 11am??

Any help would be appreciated

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
fxmd the scalping chat channel you mentioned is it easy to keep up on the trades or is it after the fact just wondering I have been in chats before and it seems like trades are called late.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Hi, I'm from Argentina and I'm entering the world of forex, this is my first real strategy. I attach my first negotiation that was in the day of today / yesterday. Unfortunately it was an SL. Anyone try it yesterday? Greetings and good exchanges!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Pretty easy if you are paying attention because you have to be quick to get in or out. There are EAs designed to take and close positions quickly.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Thank you, kkb2k8

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Can ANYONE tell me why my indicator have to be Refresh everyday?

if not they box possition not correct ??

please folks

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Are you a cat by any chance?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
The best thing to do is observe it in real time on Monday, if you can, there is a 4 hour window of opportunity to do that, maybe 5 hours.

No one knows what adjustments your broker is making; YOYO, You're On Your Own

One thing for sure, I wouldn't be including the last hour of the previous day in the calculations and carrying it over

In fact, the indicator probably won't let you do that, so just set it for the start of the "day" and go from there

Good luck

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Hi,

How to explain depending on your understanding. If your test a lot of ea and download a lot of history date. you will know:

1, your results is from 3 month,it is same with mine if you check carefully from my 12 years results(every drop down on mine pic).So no difference.

2, you will never get same results from mt4 back-test because of difference of history date.

3, you will never get same results from mt4 back-test when your put ea to your demo or live account.

BR

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
If you're following the rule of "entry after close candle", this would be RR 1.5:0.5, which is risking 1.5 SL and the TP1 is only 0.5.

Is that correct?

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Hi i've been backtest on same parameter and do sell only mode

Drawdown is good

Winrat not good

we should find away to increase Winrat
https://www.myfxbook.com/strategies/...sl-auto/150775

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
TP HIT

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Hey everyone

I am just wondering if my blue box is on my chart correctly??

I have 16 candles inside the box. I see some people in the screen shots have 17 candles in their box.

Can someone please clarify?

FXMD

thanks guys

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Hi Paulosss66.

Your box is correct.

If you start the session on the hour and end it on the hour you will also have 17 candles. Eg start 01:00 end 05:00.

If you set the indi to start 01:00 end 04:59 then you will have 16 candles.

I prefer to have 17.

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
K-boom!

Thanks to @Fxmd for this incredible system, it helps a lot!

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
True, but when you believe the win ratio >70%, it doesn't matter when the RR is <1

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Your box is good

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
I’ll look into i

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Your welcome.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Almost perfect double trade here. EA opened one while I was a sleep. I loaded the second when on the way to work then TP for one at target 1 and moved SL to bottom of Box and TP2 at target 2. Could have got a lot more but im at work and cant get too greedy right...

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
To all, next time it would be good to post charts as you open the trade..not after the trades are done..as it is meaningless to all participants..it is the same usual crap '"look what I did" after the fact

Post only real trades, then you can boast of your profits on real trades and most of us will be happy for that trader.

I can guarantee most of the charts will not be posted.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
But enough of Stormy Daniels already!

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
What's the problem here?

You can't place a simple breakout trade on a single pair by yourself?

Most people shouldn't even be trading on a holiday Monday; it could go either way

Good luck

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
You know what is the problem: You know this game as well as i do.....Boasting of Profits after the fact does none any good. FF is full of these "traders"

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
You are asking too much!

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
your logic is flawed, i suggest you read this and if you don't understand it then you simply shouldn't be trading as you don't understand basic things.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...36#post9385836

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
But the vibe I get from this thread is that everyone is looking for hard and fast rules, which give an exact level to trade at, please tell if I'm wrong

Therefore, what do YOU gain by someone else telling you that they are taking an entry at the predefined level?

And if they post it after because they were busy or used a pending order, does not mean BOASTING - they are showing you they followed the rules!

Holey Moley, not sure what you want....

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Thanks for clarification

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
"Holey Moley, not sure what you want...."

What I and every reasonable person want...if you want to boast about your profits, stop loading charts that already happened and load the chart as you execute the trade...now, understand?

There are already 95% "after the fact" traders on FF

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
What you say is true, but you arent going to get it. There would be no fun in it for at least 95%....or whatever the figure

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
I heard some people call it trading signals. I can get it setup so you’ll receive a VoIP call with a r cording telling you as soon as the breakout is ready to be traded (CS closes outside of box) so you can sleep or do any other thing you want without having to stare at the charts.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Thank you, but no need for this for me....I am not planning to load the charts after trades happen...

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Why not? that's what we do and achieve 100% hindsight

here is one for free, are you in?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
i dont care as long as i make money from it

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
I know you are a good guy, but are you being an idiot today?

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a screenshot of today's trade. Lets see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Hi SnakesSA,

im watchin

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
The BO was only 2 points, not sure it was enough. I am still new to this strategy but so far so good.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Let's see if I can grow a few pips before I go to bed. Same picture, but still outside. Good luck to all!!

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Just opened a group chat for open discussion. Read the rules and if you agree to follow them the you’re welcome to stay. I’ll share how to get the VoIP calls for EURJPY breakout there.
https://t.me/joinchat/EWwQGA89vLh0BOZT2foqZQ Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
For the technical traders

It looks like the TP targets almost act as support and resistance

What do you all think?

Is there any reason for this?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Still no valid entry on EURJPY, buy or sell.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
True, no 15 min candle closings (on my broker) above 130.096 or below 129.738

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Price keep bouncing inside the box..

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Opened sell position @129.742, lets see how its goin

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
TP HIT

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
It does, market moves in waves.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
OK. 1st trade got stopped out but It was my fault. I entered too early I think. Comments welcome.

2nd trade, the sell, ended in TP.

Thanks FXMD.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Nice, I’m glad you find it easy to follow. This strategy is designed to be a no brainer.

This is the setup for today.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ill wait for a pullback

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Hi FXMD,

I want to make sure related to this strategy rule, based on the initial rules, the box opens 2 hours before Tokyo opens and closes 2 hours after Tokyo opens, is it really like the picture below?

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Good morning Dimash0609.

This is what the box must look like, am I correct?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
My settings are 01:00 to 04:59. Hence the 16 candles.

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Your box and mine is pretty much the same

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Thanks. I thought so.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Yes

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
hi folks

last weeks Australia Daylight saving

moving foward 1 hour.

so what the box look like now ? im little bit counfused thanks bud

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
the box candle should be 17 right ?

if im not wrong

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
I have attached a screenshot of my setup. I dont use any EA and being in the UK I dont get in front of my terminal until 6am GMT. My chart shows London Open which is in fact 6am when I start looking to trade from. I have found this approach suits me as I still catch most trades at the break as they seem to occur later on. Pure chance or coincidence any trades that have happened before this time have failed, and where I have missed entry I just get in at the next best entry by using HA candles.

Not the original system I know but this is down to my start time only. I am currently falt as the entry today happened pre 6am GMT and I will get in if it breaks again either way.

Great system thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Hi Splurge, i want to ask abt your yellow line.. isn't london just open 15 minutes ago? (7 GMT)

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Hi dimash,

Yes London Open is 8am it was its just I have an indicator that you can use to identify open close times of the market and I have changed the time to 6am myself as this is the time I look to trade from. So it says London Open but its there just to let me know when to look for entries.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Breakout long

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
SL HIT

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
I just found this set up and indicator. Looks great! I am using the Market Maker Method and this could work well with it.  I do need know what time zone the indicator is set up as by default. EASTERN time US?  I am in Atlantic Time on hour ahead of EASTERN and not sure the Start Time 0600 End Time 914 and Session End Time 430 should be all set to one hour ahead for me? 0700 1014 and 530   I suspect this is to be used for US Session only?

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Welcome to FF, we are all friendly here, and remember, there are no stupid questions.........

But honestly, if telling time is difficult, do you think you should be trading?

Do yourself a favor, go to TIME and DATE dot COM

Make a personal clock, be sure to include Reykjavik as it is the important GMT all year long

And include any other time zones that you may have even the slightest interest in

That way, instead of asking random strangers on a random forum what time is it in xxxx country.....?????

You will go to that tab, keep it open by the way, and it will be plain to see, good luck

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PS: the procedure is, watch the indicator in real time to when the zone is drawn, refer to the Personal Clock, ask yourself, is it opening at the right time for me?

If not, make adjustment 1 hour ahead or back, check again, continue this until satisfied, congratulations, pat yourself on the back!!!

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Good evening,

I admit I haven't scoured all 61 pages, however hoping for assistance. I understand we box the 4 hours finishing at 0200GMT, but after what point does a trade become void? I mean, if that box isn't BO by 0800GMT for example, do we class that day as untradeable?

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Breakout, longing

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
No trade today ( box already 55pips wide),your box is also wrong 2200GMT-0020GMT.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
I refer to this

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
GMT, 2hours befor and after asian session

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Yes but that doesn't correspond to your chart,you need to move your box to the right by 4 candles.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
why is it so hard for you to understand?

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Forget about your local time,your box is wrong it should be from 02-06 on the chart you've shown and then you will see there is no trade.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
read this

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Todays chart.No trade and look at the position of the box!

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Last time I post a trade just open as I have to work!! Much better to discuss trades after they complete end of day and I have time. If not then Ill just do it myself and with the OP.

EA open trade at first red line target 1. I open manual at second red line with target 2

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
off to work and ill manage on my mobile

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
TP HIT

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Programmed an EA for this strategy.

EA rules:

Gets high/low from 2200-0200 GMT period

Uses 1:1 risk:reward

Opens trade after first close above buy/below sell line - no limit on when this is (could happen at 2145)

Trades 0.01 lots on a $1000 demo account

Only 1 active trade at a time

Ran from 1/1/17, using 1 min OHLC option

Using above rules:
https://i.imgur.com/G3WYVTi.png

Only trading if high-low range is between 15-45 pips:
https://i.imgur.com/nowoLLh.png

Only trading if high-low range is between 15-45 pips, and using 2:1 ratio (200% tp, 100% sl):
https://i.imgur.com/B8BDjVW.png

Edit:

Not entirely accurate yet on second reflection; the strategy tester does not correctly generate TimeGMT() function, so some times will be off. Fixing now, and adding a few input options into the EA.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Result: First hit target 1 for a profit, second closed out at breakeven which was a shame, Not sure its worth the hassle to open the second and have to move SL to BE

oh..the blue dashed lines with and arrow at start and triangle at end is trade plotter indicator showing real trades so really no need to post the trade as I open. I was asleep for the first one anyway lol

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Box broken, longing

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Hey... my first Mql4 code here, maybe we have a lot of bugs on this simple EA code, for sure.

Btw, on testing is giving me some good results with some tweaking, lets see...

Test with original settings/rules (01/01/2017)-(10-10-2018):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Test with some different settings/rules (01/01/2017)-(10-10-2018):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The EA is here... feel free to test with different settings.
Attached File(s)   Nevercold BoxBreakout(ori-rules).ex4

32 KB
|
327 downloads

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Hello Inbox,

Looking at your graphs (for original settings), you may have made the same mistake as me... wasn't aware MT5 was set at GMT +2/+3 by default, and using TimeGMT() doesn't work in the strategy testers, so I was operating from a completely different window.

With a 1:1 ratio now, using the correct timeframe from 1/1/17, with the only addition to standard rules being trading only 15-45 pip windows, using 0.01 lots constantly on a $1000 starting BR, here is my current graph:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Stop Loss Hit Today

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Hello Penguinthief,

i'm using "TimeCurrent()" to get the server time, letting the user decide the best Start Time and End Time of the box.

For example: My broker is GMT+2 and i live on a GMT time zone. If i need a Start Time at 02h00, i must set the EA Start Time to 00h00.

Same thing applies to the End Time.

Known Issue: EA only let me set a Start Time after 00h00. The Start and End Time, must be on the same day.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Thanks for posting

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Nice job

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Rather than setting the start time, I'm setting just the end time and the amount of candles to search backwards.. that way it doesn't matter if you cross a midnight.

Mine adjusts for GMT, then looks for the first candle where the hour segment of an MqlDateTime structure reaches 2. At that point, it then scans the previous 16 candles to give it the 4hr window (16 x 15m = 4h) to get highs and lows and set my buy/sell limits. That way I don't care that the start time, 2200, is on a different day.

I'd share code but I'm in MQL5 and don't know what is different

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Thats a nice point of view, using only the End Time! Just curious to test it and see the differences.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Thank you Fxmd! I hope it can fits your system.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Hope u update it to mt4 EA

My broker using  Central European time CET. Winter time GMT +1, summer time GMT +2.

I set Period Begin 00:00

Period End 04:00

Sessin End 22:45 .

Did i do it right ?

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
I cant see a way to set it so that it only opens a trade on the first candle to close outside the box. It opens immediately the candle hits the order and before it has even ended.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Sell opened here on second candle even though it hasn't closed outside bottom of box.

Ideally would be good for an EA that could set so it opens a trade:

1. on the first candle to close outside box

1. and that close is within x% of the height of the box.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Good evening Emerald2112,

I've implemented the x% rule into my EA, and realistically it didn't gain us much in terms of profitability. I think that whilst a close that is a large % outside of the box limits our profitability due to having a smaller pip value to climb, the larger numbers also show strength and maybe an ability to more frequently hit our TP, so it kind of counteracts eachother.

Have included a screenshot for 0-20% values (far right column, 'maxPercentBreak'). You'll be able to see that, except the 4% value (which seems nothing more than force-fitting), the profit factor stays pretty much the same all the way through.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Stop Loss Today

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Hello, i have a small EA update with some changes (v0.7a):

- corrected time to display TP values and lines.

- add text color mod to fit light BG's.

- some code clean and bug fixes.

For everyone who downloaded EA from post #1228, please update with this new version.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
I appreciate you friend, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Good afternoon Inbox,

I don't have MT4 set-up so can't test, however did you manage to sort the timing issues out? If not, if you send me the source-code over I can have a look for you and show you an example of how to do it

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
lol dude could you post something more meaningful sometime.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post11560457

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Can you please help on how to apply the indicator on EURJPY chart i have problem applying it

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Going to share a version of my MT5 EA for this strategy... Quite enjoying playing with a few different options, so have included quite a few on this forum release:

Any additions, thoughts, or good settings would be much appreciated as a share. I understand most people are on MT4, but when I started learning I thought MT5 was the one to go for...

Precis of the settings below :

Inserted Code // Money Management
// -----
// 1a. Lots to use if *1b* is 'false'
// 1b. Use dynamic lot sizing based on % in *1c*
// 1c. Percentage risk to use if *1b* is true
// 1d. Maximum lots to go up to if *1b* is true

// Timings / Window Settings
// -----
// 2a. End of window time (default is 0200) - All times are GMT
// 2b. How many candles the start of the window should be (default 16, to give out 2200-0200 window)
// 2c. Can select an hour after which not to trade - Use a value >23 to not use this
// 2d. Use a set end time for trades to always close at.. By default, with a 2200-0200 box, setting this to 22 will close at the start of next window
// 2e. Hour setting if *2d* is true
// 2f. If *2d* is false, and our trade is still open past our open window time (*2a* - *2b* candles), do not create a new window (not tested, but having this off may change trailing stop levels)
// 2g. Ability to close trade after x candles.. Similar to *2d/2e* - Set high to not use
// 2h. If *2g* is true, set '0' to close trade immediately or '1' to only close if at least break even

// Window Size Limits
// -----
// 3a. Minimum pip range for the window to enable trading
// 3b. How large gap.. Basically, *3a*+*3b* = Maximum (default 15+30 = 45, as per strategy)

// Multiple Trades Per Day
// -----
// 4a. Allow more trades within a day after each one closes. If true, this will be able to trade after a candle closes back inside the window
// 4b. If *4a* is set, enabling this means the price has to have passed back to within 10% of the middle of the window to open trades again (rather than just close in it)

// Heiken Ashi Entry/Exit
// -----
// 5a. Will only enter trades if the Heiken Ashi candle breaks out (rather than normal candle)
// 5b. Exit if you get a set number of opposite Heiken Ashi candles (bull candles in a bear trade for example)
// 5c. Number of candles to use if *5b* is true

// Take Profit Backwards Scan
// -----
// 6a. Will only open trades if the take profit value has been closed above (bull) or below (bear) recently
// 6b. Number of candles to scan backwards if *6a* is true.. Maximum 200

// Take Profit Rules
// -----
// 7a. Multiplier of the take profit line in relation to our window size (2 would increase the TP line to 200% of the window)
// 7b. Use a static take profit instead of based on window
// 7c. Number of pips to use if *7b* is true

// Stop Loss Rules
// -----
// Exactly the same principles as for Take Profit

// Trailing Stop Rules
// -----
// 9a. Use trailing stop instead of set take profit
// 9b. Use the box size as the trailing stop
// 9c. If *9a* and *9b* are true, multipler of the box to use as trailing stop.. much like the standard take profit multiplier
// 9d. if *9a* is true and *9b* is false, size of trailing stop to use

// Breakout Limitations
// -----
// 10a. Use a maximum that a candle can close outside the box otherwise not trade
// 10b. % of window size to use if *10a* is true
// 10c. As above, but a minimum (so for example, the candle must close at least 2% of window size above the top line for a buy to happen)
// 10d. % of window size to use if *10c* is true
// 10e. If either of *10a* or *10c* are true, only to accept the trade if its the first breakout that meets these rules

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
no diff than me posting this or the hit profit before. Its just the usual...whats that you called it again lol

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Yes I highly recommend this trader as well. Very good at scalping. I have taken a few of the signals when i can and they are good

Goodluck everyone

https://t.me/joinchat/AAAAAFHs1eXhNSFmaG_z2Q

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
thanks man

im using setting start 01:00-05:00

the box is correct already but why i cant test use strategy tester?

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Hey FxMD..... This system is GREAT!  How did you come up with this breakout system?  How long have you been trading this system?  Just wondering on the longevity of this high hit rate.  Meanwhile, I will continue to reap the benefits.

Thanks for a great SIMPLE system that works!

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Guy guys, new here.

Can anyone share this MTF direction indicator? couldn't find it on the attachments

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
I'm download 0.7a but it not working , i set same input like old EA. It still work at previous version.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
I too have tried 0.7a of the EA, it does not place trades.  Ideal situation occurred last night, no trade placed.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Hello, anyone else with this issue?

Maybe an EA bug, or spread too high... do you have any error in EA logs?

I need to check the code, but don't have enough time for now... Please go back to the previous version if you have this issue.

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Checked logs, no errors.  Not for sure about spread, but doubt it was too high, will go back to older version.  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Sell and target hit today. Nice after the stop loss hit on Monday and no trade yesterday for me  BE for the week so far. Lets see what tomorrow and Friday brings

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
wipe out today, should have stayed out of auto trade Euro today..teasing good news before no deal yet..set-up

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Running earlier version of EA, it also did not take obvious trade for tonight.  Have no idea what could be the problem.  Set for live trading, smiley face present, other EA works with this MT4.  Any ideas?

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
what ea version u using ??

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Out of curiosity, what are peoples aversions to MT5? I'm quite new to forex and MQL programming, but I can't see a reason why people stuck with MT4 and didn't go to MT5? I'd quite like to know, as if there's something I'm missing, I'd rather go to MT4 myself now before I get too involved!

In other news, I've opened my first ever real money forex account, and today conducted my first ever trade (which was a winner) using this strategy. This was using the MT5 EA attached to this thread..:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Adding more options to the EA at the minute. One of them is to not place the TP as such, but instead when we hit what would have been the TP we then incorporate a trailing stop of 1-2 pips.

2018 without this option:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2018 with this option (61% increase in profits):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit: above is slightly false... had an option on my EA which neglected trades within a certain number of candles, which included adjusting trailing stops (but not activating a take profit), so isn't quite as good as it once appeared but still a damn good increase (35%). Correct graph below after fix:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Interesting. send the EA to test it.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
I have tested this system applying with some modifications. I think it is consistently very profitable. You can see the results of 2017 and 2018. I want to open a real account for this system as soon as possible.

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
can you please send EA here. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
ea and setting below, i hope it will be good for you. Please can you analyse EA and share the results with your broker?

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
TheBestMA - How do you have a much higher 'Average Win' than 'Average Loss' when our TP and SL are equal? Are you extending the TP?

On your 3rd/4th screenshot, on 17 Oct, your TP is much larger than the box. What settings are allowing that?

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Bundles of thanks Bro.

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
it is 1:2 settings, but 1:1 is more profitable. you can test on your own. please share the results here.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
I have spend almost 10hrs on this breakout setting on different pairs and phenomenal results I am watching next week ll trade on real account on 5 pairs and ll post results and settings here.

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Almost every pair has a different structure. So we need to pay attention that this system is not suitable for every pair. I know you are aware of that.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Saw your charts are in H1 instead 15, this make any variation ?

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
no it doesnt, but manually trading i think 1h break and close is more accurate than 15m chart.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
I'm testing right now on icmarket spread 2, same parameters as you in 2018 to date.

The first 3 month is o, but on April seen a huge losses to July. maybe we need to check what happen those days and apply some type of filter. i will upload the graphs.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
yes, april is awkward for this system. thanks for share.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Hi,

can someone help me ? there are so many EA versions. which is the one i should be using ?

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
I think for MT4, TheBestMAs is the most current or mine for MT5.

A nice TP trade to start the week off, with 37 pips waiting for me when I got out of bed!

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Hello, i have a new EA version (v1.0) with some changes:

- crucial bug fixed, that prevented EA to send orders in open market.

- some code clean.

Finally I had some time to review the code and fixed a crucial bug, sorry for any inconvenience caused by the non-working versions.

For everyone who downloaded previous versions, please update with this new one.
Attached File(s)   # Nevercold BoxBreakout.ex4

40 KB
|
530 downloads

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
do you have some set files to test it ?

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
What if you put some type of martingale (I'm not a fan of) that but i think will do better since some position hit sl, but next day is a winner, maybe a level 3 martingale can help a lot.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
I seem to be getting a heikin ashi error. Do you use a non default heikin ashi indicator or have it in a non standard directory?

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Martingales are disasters waiting to happen.

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Thanks for the EA. Been trying your original version on demo with a couple of variations to the settings which has been good in general. Does the previous version and/or this version run on live or only demo?

Also, if you want some comments; currently, the EA opens the position upon breaching the box, but not a successful closing of candle above/below the box. Am just wondering, if the EA can be modified to enter half position (50%) after the current candle closing above/below the box and another half position (50%) as a buy limit/sell limit at the border of the box.

Just my 2 cents..thanks..

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
So I am personally going to test this system out for 100 trades and see whether it is indeed 80%+ accuracy and also whether it is profitable.

Trade #1 - Long EURJPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Will update later to see if we hit TP or not.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Would like to see a trade explorer.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
if can put a martingale option just when the position hit sl so next trade double etc up to 3 levels. let's see.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
sure - if after 100 trades i am looking at a profitable and accurate system, i will start a trade explorer

for now, just testing/researching by looking at what would've happened if i entered the trades

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Hi Erebus, this is a powerful method, not just for this particular system, but trading in general as well.

However, would you mind to elaborate more, please? I still trying to figure out how to read 6 strength level meters in conjunction with the currency momentum gain/loss. Thanks before.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Update - SL Hit
Attached Image

Running Total - 0/1 trades - 0% accurate

Question for those who have been on this thread a while - do you leave both pending orders open or do you close one as soon as one has been triggered? Reason I ask is because if I left the pending sell order open then it would've triggered and TP, leading to a break-even day.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Hi.

The rule is to close it.

I am busy backtesting results IF it is left in place.

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
i think it is better to trade 2 directions in this strategy. As you can see one is bad, but second is good.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
I tried the new update on demo tonight. Trade executed propperly.

SL hit but that is not the fault of the EA.

I used it with the default settings.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Great - let us know what you find

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
I've been backtesting the system today and it's quite robust. Good results using a wide range of different settings back to 2007. Before 2007 I can't seem to get consistent results from it without over optimising to fit the data.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
can someone add martingale in the EA?

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
EA is sizing positions incorrectly + not taking trades for unknown reason(it should as box size was between min and max)

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Do you leave both pending orders open or do you close the other as soon as one is triggered?

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Done quite a bit of analysis on the above. Settings as usual:

M15, EURJPY, $1000 account, 0.01 static lots, 01/01/2017 - now using 1min OHLC, 15-45 pip windows

Based around the question above: should we retrade?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This screenshot shows two options. useMultipleTrades uses simple logic to allow retrades as soon as one finishes. The logic simply means that if we buy, hit TP, then immediately dip back under TP it won't try to buy again... it has to go back under the buy limit line and return over again. useMultipleMustMid means that in order to trade a second/third..etc time, the price must have reached the middle of the window prior to resetting and allowing further trades.

Both options can be shown to have higher profits, but over considerably more trades. This then knocks the profit factor down, meaning we're earning less per trade, but have more opportunities. It also slightly increases our drawdown.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
I get better results in most tests by trading in one direction only. An MA filter works pretty well too, surprisingly.

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
To revisit this post, I've been thinking of a few things to battle this point. Todays trade was a great example. Our first breakout candle closed around 20% into our TP zone, meaning we no longer keep our 1:1 ratio (our TP shrunk by ~20%, and our SL grew by ~20%).

As Emerald suggested, one way would be to limit our maximum breach past our buy/sell limit before calling it a void trade, however I didn't like that this limits our entries. Instead, I have coded the following...

Option 0 - As standard

Option 1 - Makes our SL the same as our TP

Option 2 - Makes our TP the same as our SL

Picture below for today's trade (with blue line being the buy price at close above breakout box), including some arrows indicating the effect of options 0, 1 and 2. Going to be running further testing on this, however option 2 seems to increase our profitability quite considerably. Option 1 reduces it dramatically.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Obviously the only option that would have affected todays trade is option 1 (reduced SL), and that's where the above statement about profitability comes from. Option 0 is default, option 1 is defensive (tightens SL), option 2 is aggressive (opens TP).

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Standard MT5 I think. I'm using Admiral Markets and they have some additional shit in MT5, so could be that. Folder location as follows:

"Examples\\Heiken_Ashi"

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Well done, interesting observations.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Trade #2

Today's pending orders - I will cancel the other when one is triggered and stick to the system. Hopefully we do better than yesterday.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Update - Long Triggered
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Update #2 - TP Hit. I gotta admit I was really tempted to move the SL to protect profits but just left the trade as is. Those of you that move SL to protect profits, when/where do you do so? I am thinking when trade is halfway to TP (150 fib level), we move to BE+5 pips so that way there is no way we lose from that trade. I feel like if not for news today, I would not have hit my TP target and we would have the same issue as yesterday where we got faked out and then it would've hit SL.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Running Total - 1/2 Trades Won - 50% Accuracy

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Will program the above theory into an EA tonight and backrest results Ivanyo.

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
its been a good week for me using 1gmt-5gmt box (2 hours before and after asian session)

Sunday Hit TP

Tuesday Hit TP

Wednesday Hit SL

Today Hit TP (martingale mode activated)

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Hi all,

based on your backtest result, how many losing streak happened before? from my backtest maximum losing streak is 3, so i guess its quite safe if you apply a bit of martingale in your money management...

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Hi dimas

could you please briefly explain what is martingale money management is ? Please

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Great, please share with us your findings

Google is your friend
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin...betting_system)

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
been away all week and forgot my VPS is down too lol so was wondering why not trades opening for me ffs. No point wasting VPS on demo anyway but looks like it could've been all wins apart from Wed this week?

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Thanks for considering my post..ive been sort of applying your logic manually after I get an open trade.

Another thought I had was if the candle breaking closed too far (and so limited trades) that an EA could still open at any later candle that retraced back to within the range set for a valid entry. It would have to close just break back into the valid entry.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
It's a shame I don't use MT4 - otherwise I could use the EA and have it cleanly mark up for me where the SL/TP levels are and I can do a backtest myself.

Maybe I will open a demo account and have a look over the weekend

EDIT

Trade #3 - Short triggered
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
TP Hit

Monday Hit TP +38 Pip / 1 lot

Tuesday Hit TP +27 pip / 1 lot

Wednesday Hit SL -37 pip / 1 lot

Thursday Hit TP +75 pip / 2 lot (martingale)

Friday Hit TP +20 pip / 1 lot

Net pip this week = 123 pip

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
let say you opened 0.1 lot on moday and hit SL, on tuesday you opened 0.2 lot to cover monday lost.. but the problem is when you had losing strike.. ut from my observation, maximum consecutive lost is no more than 3 days in a row...

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Trade #3 Update - TP Hit

Running Total - 2/3 Trades - 66% accuracy

Have a good weekend all, back at it again Monday!

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Sorry, had no time for coding last night.. I have a 4 week old Son who seems to kick off when I get in front of the computer!

I intend to add quite a few additional strategies to test this weekend so keep any ideas coming and I’ll give a full report of findings before Monday. Currently, across multiple pairs, my option 2 above seems reliably profitable.

its definitely something that needs to be factored though; Wednesdays SL nearly countered the previous 3 TPs for me (my EA was poorly programmed and set Risk factor on initial window rather than at time of trade so didn’t take into account the extra 20% on my SL).

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Im been doing this strategy live account,

this week my result not as good as your,

im open trade

Wednesday-1R

friday +3,5R

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Are you sure you're following the strategy properly HengkiTjen? I have very similar to dimash - 4 wins, 1 loss.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Evening Ivanyo,

Got your SL idea coded... doesn't perform too well. Standard shit below, just tested for 2018. $1000 account, 15-45 pips window limit, 1 trade per day max, 0.01 lots. Severely hinders profit for a bit of a minor trade-off on DD:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Evening Emerald,

Please see below. Same settings as above, and includes a 10% maximum breakout with or without a 'First candle only' rule. (useFirstClose true means only the first breakout can be used, false means later ones can if they abide by the max rule). So as described, if subsequent candles close in our eligible gap, it will take trades later on. If anything, this amplifies losses; probably because our breakout has shot straight through the buy line for example, lost momentum, and we may be catching the retracement each time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Didn't like the limited testing in this with just 2018, so ran it back to 2016:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Seems it doesn't impact us too much, but definitely doesn't seem to have any positive benefits.

Haven't programmed any tester logic in, so the useFirstClose is only applicable when useMaxPercent is true... hence why when its false, both results are the same.

EDIT: This post above was changed quite heavily, as I found I still had IvanYo's SL setting applied from the previous tests.

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Great, so sounds like we just stick to our guns once a trade has been triggered!

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Yeah. I was tempted with you to move to safety on Thursday too. Maybe we do, but only in certain conditions which we haven't figured out yet. Say for example, if we move 50% into TP and the trade has been active more than x candles, or if we're near round numbers (127.000), or if we're within an hour of news.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Evening dimash,

Programmed a basic Martingale management into the system.. Doesn't operate too smoothly though, as we could lose 5 trades which are 45 pip windows, then our win could be a 15 pip window or an end-of-day close for 0.5pips or something. Could probably program around this though, and essentially ratio our Martingale based on pips rather than trades.

Backtested to 2016, and there are a few 5-6 loss-streaks which hurt a bit. Had to up the account to $10,000 as the $1,000 wasn't beefy enough to take the loss-streaks, even at 0.01lots as standard.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
look this other setup, it seems good to combined ADX and RSI indicator, crosses of ADX and RSI will give you confirmation in entering the market, this set up work in 15 Min. TF.

if the red line (ADX) crosses above the green line (RSI) generates SELL signal

if the red line (ADX) crosses below the green  line (RSI) generates BUY signal

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Still profitable in the end  You’re a great coder, I admire your work.

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
yeah im strictly follow this rules

but my money management completely different

im forget put monday trade

Monday = miss out trade

Tuesday =+1,5 R

Wednesday = -R

Thursday = Don't wanna trade

Friday = +3R  and Retriger 3,5R

win 7R this week

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Hi PenguinThief,

Amazing observation.. btw, can you tell me specificly when was the 5-6 days lost in a row?

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
My apologies, doing this a lot.. I still had multiple trades turned on, as its my default...

If you're not trading multiple trades per day (my default allows this), the max is 4. Worst place for this is Oct 5 2016 to Oct 20 2016, where we have 2 4x loss streaks back to back with 1 win inbetween, and the win is a small window range.

If you are trading multiple, this same window gives a 6 loss streak, whilst Apr 20 2016 is also a shitty day giving 5 in 1 day.

Results without multiple trades per day: (note that due to only 4 consecutive losses, I could drop to a $1000 account)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Options I'm looking at coding up tonight:

1. Using line of best fit for box to filter trades (using least mean squared on closed prices)

2. 3-tier trading (as described by fxmd in the first 5 pages or so)

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Cool, will take a look into it.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
First of all - great job. Appreciate it . Like to read this thread and see what is happening. Maybe I can share some of my questions and ideas with you all.

Regarding the different box sizes: it may be better if the risk is the same every day. So if the box is e.g. 45 pip wide you trade 1 Lot and if it is 15 pip you trade 3 Lots. Martingale then wold multipliy it as before.

How do you handle if the breakout is to far away? E.g. the box is 20 pip wide and the candle closes 15 pip above. Then you have a risk of 35 pip for 5 pip TP. Am I right? And what if the breakout is 25 pip above the box?

Regarding the backtest: have you double checked your data? As you know the European, US and more use DST/no DST during the year while the Japanese do not. That might influence the time for the Asian Session Box in your history.

Have a nice weekend!

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Just sharing for those who care - I managed to get a hold of an MT4 demo account and did some back-testing since October 1st.

The results are 13 wins and 7 losses, which isn't quite the 80% accuracy that is claimed in the thread title but not sure if the data has outliers or whether the small sample size has to do with it. Regardless, it's still a profitable strategy if you manage your money well. I will wait for the last two days of trading to see finish off the October test and see what % accuracy we end up with.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Hey man. Good idea here, except that the requirements will get exceptionally high then. I mean, this EA is aimed at us 'normal' folks who maybe aren't doing this for a living, and even on basic setups at the minute you'd need $10,000 starting in an account to not bottom it out, using 0.01 lots as standard. Assuming the logic is linear, even if I made the maximum 0.03 lots, that's still a $30,000 starting account which isn't what I'm aiming at. For an example, to test this strategy I've opened a $200 account which I may put a bit more into... Obviously with this starting value, Martingale isn't high on my priority list in general anyway as it's unrealistic to stay out of margin call.

There are a few ways around this. There's an option to not trade if the candle breaks out x% into the box or more, and also an option to reduce your SL or increase your TP on this. So in your trade that closes 15 pips in, I could either then make my TP 35 pips, or reduce my SL to 5. If the breakout lands outside the box the order is never placed due to an invalid TP.

Yeah, double checked. It's worked out purely around the Asian session, and is always 2 hours surrounding the start.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Hey man, think your timings may be off.. If you're using a standard MT4/5 account with a GMT+2 timeframe, your box should be 0100-0445:

Differences:

03/10/18 - No trade as box is > 45 pips

08/10/18 - Win
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

09/10/18 - Win
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

10/10/18 - Loss
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I won't show the rest for screenspace purposes. Your results aren't far off though. With standard settings I have 12 wins, 7 losses (63%).

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
The win rate % in the title is based on the PDF of visual backtest. Results may vary depending on the sample size, the sample provided in the first post contains more than 100 days of backtesting previous to the day it was posted. You may want to re read the posts and check your settings before jumping into conclusions. It’s wrong to manipulate results to show positive yield but it is also wrong to be careless when doing backtest and post negative yield.

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Definitely not jumping to conclusions hence the mention of small sample size, but I do agree that I was somewhat unclear with the settings of the box. Not sure if the MT4 indicator accounts for the different time zones/settings that broker may be using.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hey guys, I've noticed an issue with the 3 Tier London Breakout V.3.2b indicator and Forex.com. Wondering if anyone else is experiencing this as well?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For some reason on Sunday evenings (EST), the indicator in MT4 with Forex.com gets all weird and can't create a box properly. Yet on Tuesday thru Friday it works perfectly.

The box for me in Forex.com starts at 22:00 to 2:00, but this is irrelevant since I can't get the box to form/generate/show no matter what time I enter. This only happens on Sunday evenings (EST) for some reason.

Interestingly I don't have any issues with MT4 when it's connected to OANDA, so I use a OANDA demo as a reference for the entry buy and entry sell and apply them to Forex.com.

Overall I find this breakout strategy to be good. It's definitely NOT the holy grail strategy that will generate you millions based entirely on an EA, unless you throw a ton of money at it and are in it for years.

Like FXMD said, it's an 80% winning strategy, but ONLY VISUALLY, and this is obviously quite different in real life when you factor in candle height, box height, opening on cross, opening on close, etc., etc., etc. But nevertheless, thank you FXMD for the foundations of this strategy. There are some similar strategies on YouTube based on the breakout model (London breakout), but I find that FXMD's settings work the best for the EURJPY.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Your broker starts the week 1 hour before other brokers.

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
How do you calculate the account size? 0.01 lot means 1.000 EUR. Because you have your leverage, too an 10.000$ account seems a little bit high for me.

Regarding the times: maybe you got me wrong. I was not talking about a different box. Also the start of the Asian sessions can be different in summer and winter because the Asian do not use DST / no-DST while the Europeans and Americans do. So today the start of the Asian session was at a different European time as one week ago (DST changed last weekend). Some brokers use the time switch, others don't. This is why I am asking.

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Hey peps

is daylight saving is confluence our box strategy??

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Trade #4 - Long Entry triggered. Will update later with results!

Happy Monday folks!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit - SL hit. 2/4 running total, 50% accuracy

Edit #2 - and this is why you don't leave both orders on. Just as easy the short entry has been triggered and SL hit!
Attached Image

Better to stick to the strategy!

Here is what it looks like on MT4
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
In the UK for non professional traders we’re currently limited to 1:30 leverage.

My account size was done on nothing more than using a 1000 account, it bottoming out so slapping another 0 on it.

0.01 lots is 1,000 units, after 6 losses we require 0.64 lots (0.01 * 2^6) so 64,000 units, leveraged at 1:30 at a guide conversion of 1.1397 EURUSD means a required margin of 2,400 or so, hence the requirement to up our 1,000 account.

www.fxpro.co.uk/trading/calculators/margin

Box times are accurate in my EA, it accounts for any time differences at all times of year.

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
I've just had a look at trades back until 1 June - anyone see anything wrong with what I'm doing?

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
July 16th is a loss, Oct 9th is a win.. didn't see any other stand out ones, but there's just some attention to detail. True results for that period below (number of trades matches up, wins/losses doesn't). Some may be broker based with minor differences in pricing... July 6th and August 3rd for example looks very close, but are wins for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Great, thanks for sharing. Just wanted to see whether anyone else doesn't match up to 80% win-rate because I am very skeptical when people cherry pick periods.

This at least suggests to me that it is closer to a 55-65% win rate rather than 80%, but I guess also depends on the period we are looking at. The only reason I have undertaken this study is because I've failed to see anyone else do anything similar.

Regardless, so far it's still a profitable system so perfectly worth using!

Edit - Trade #5, long triggered
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Just increase the time period to 7 gmt you ll get good and different results. I am doing this and its going good. Open trade only more than 35 pips range break. anf if market move before opening time then wait to come into the box of 45 and open buy stop and sell stop order. You ll get different results.

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Is anyone trading this on other pairs then EURJPY?

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
I do

Edit: a little bit differently but the concept is pretty much the same.

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Hey FXMD!

I was wondering if you know why the EA is expired.. I get that notification when I install the ea :-) Nice work by the way! I was backtesting the strategy by hand but I would have to get up in the middle of the night to trade it live ;-)

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
Try the EA from Inbox, last version is some pages back.

Works like a charm for me

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Thanks Timr89! Found it on page 65, I’ll install it later today :-)

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Hi FXMD and Hi All,

I have been following this thread from day 1. I decided to register so I could add some comments.

Over last few months I ve made few different back tests. i dont have mt4 or 5, i was back testing directly on my broker`s platform (IG).

im not familiar with mt4 and whole back testing programs so i was doing it on paper and on demo account.

I was wondering if anyone else noticed that on Tuesdays and Thursdays this strategy performs much worse (still profitable though). Im based in London for reference.

I always trade both directions. from my experience its highly likely that if there is failed break through one way it will go nicely the other way.

my back tests showed me also that setting up standing orders (so i dont have to wake up at 2-3am) gives me around 65% probability where if i do it manually its around 77%. June 2017- October 2018.

Ive back tested different scenarios with standing orders: normal (as per instructions), 2:1 ratio,1:2 ratio, one direction only etc

Ive noticed that its highly likely on Fridays that price would reach 2x tp. There is many days there when price would fail one way giving me -1 score and then would go other direction giving me +2.

I always set up my SL= 2% of my account so in all tests win is 1, loss-1, break even 0

Fridays seem to be outstanding with 2:1 ratio

Anyway, thanks to everyone for contribution and thanks Fxmd for sharing.

Ill keep following you guys.

thanks Mike

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
hi folks

seems people are enjoying this thread.

has anyone tried on any other pairs like GPBUSD, EURUSD etc ? if so what parameters did you use and what have been the results ?

does it work as well with other pairs ~?

i would have loved to have traded the EURJPY, but unfortunately for me , its bedtime.

also, just a bit of idea. when the 15m candle closes below the breakout lines, it might be worth waiting for the price to then move below/above the lowest/highest of that candle before you enter trade. this should save you from entering false breakouts. provided, that is, the lowest/highest of the candle from the close is not a significant number of pips.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Trader cant avoid false breakouts, they just happen and we never know if they are false or not. Anyways you do not gain any advantage by waiting for candle close and yes, this method is working on other pairs too. From my experience trading it manually will always beat EAs because you want range and breakout of range. While there is a higher chance for a "range" to setup at the given time period, setting the range manually will result in better performance. Best advice i can give is go and find theese ranges yourself, because we dont know your time zone, broker time, etc.

Best wishes

Hope

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Hi tried on GBPUSD pair, 8 months back test.8 hrs (from 8 hrs before to London breakout. TP:2763 -SL:2354=409 prifit.

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
So after a really long time, this trade finally hit TP.

Running total: 3/5, 60% accuracy so far from visual backtest
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For those who care, today's trade is going to be my first trade on a paper trading/demo account. Let's see the actual results after 100 trades (I am using tradingview).

Long entered
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Thanks for sharing,

I just want to know that:

1) yor trades are trigged everytime the price just touch the line or u wait for the candle 15m closing out of the box ?

2) About closing trade, that trade is auto closed until  SL or TP hit, even it can be happened on the next day... we just set it and waiting. Or, u'll close trade yorself when Newyork opens or London closes or end of the day or something?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
TP Hit

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
First of all thanks to FXMD for the system and those people who have contributed to the formulation of an EA and posted results so far. Most people wouldnt bother sharing and some like to keep everything to themselves so I appreciate the time and effort you guys have applied in doing this.

I have been flip flopping between using an EA and manually trading as working in the UK I am having my beauty sleep during the initial active times of this system. To be honest I cannot get comfortable with the EA and prefer to manually set my positions when I get up in the morning. My approach is to set buy and sell stops 2 pips above and below the box for entries. I have found that the entering of the completion of the candle or just entering at the break doesnt make much difference although I am sure somewhere in the backtests somebody will be able to determine the better approach.

I also apply my trades from 6am GMT which is some 4 hours when the true activation period begins. Upon analysis there doesnt seem to be a lot in it as the trades I miss seem to be offset with whether I miss a winner or a loser or even a loser that becomes a winner for me as the trade has reversed before I am awake in the morning. For those trades that are active when I get up I just enter at the next best Heiken Ashi reversal and this seems to work for me with adjusted targets to compensate the late entry. I follow a strict trail based on chart pattern and not a numerical value when the profit has hit 50%. As soon as one trade is started I cancel the other stop entry so only 1 trade per day.

My problem is this. I usually work on a 1:1 profit ratio or a Stoch hook exit depending on the type of trading I am doing. I have always believed that successful trading is not about the entries but the exits and I havent yet found the correct approach for this type of trading. Needless to say I have not found this months profits particular stella and I am wondering if I have done something wrong. Out of 23 trades this month I have 14 winners around 61% totalling only 68 pips.

How did everyone else do and what method of exit did you guys use?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
You could try using a small trailing stop after profit reaches 1 risk.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
1) I set pending order (buy stop at top of box, sell stop at bottom of box) once the box is finalised at 2am.

2) I leave until TP or SL, no moving the stop because sometimes you make the stop too tight and lose out on bigger profits.

Update for those who are following, TP hit. Let's see what tomorrow brings
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
I’ll answer with data later, but Splurge, you’re looking at the problem wrong. End result pips isn’t what matters.

Lets do the theoretical maths behind your numbers, assuming this is a consistent trading strategy.

Say you start with an account: £1000

You risk 2% per trade at 1:1, winning 60% of the time

On average then, if 60% of the time you win 2% and 40% of the time you lose 2%, each trade and therefore each day (assuming we have no non-trade days) is worth (0.6*2)-(0.4*2)=0.4%. 0.4% roi per day is one hell of a savings account!

Assuming this stays true, and you risk that 2% each day on a compound basis, you’ve turned your account into £1.5million by year 7, nearly tripling it every year.

Maybe your 68 pips aren’t too bad.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
If you do that you do not stick to the rules. So your hit rate may differ to the "original" one.

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Thanks for the reply Penguin, I understand your reasoning here and the scale up routine. However 68 pips albeit worthwhile due to the simplicity of the system is relatively low for the investment each day. The trade can sometimes run for most of the day and result in an average of +3pips per day (23 trades 68 pips). I like it due to its simplicity however I was wondering what the long term return per trade was for those that have back tested/ traded it, more than just October and if there was a better exit .

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Please explain further?

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Original rules specify that you open the trade on a close above the line. If you set a buy stop or sell stop, you'll do it on touch.

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Ahh ok - still getting a ~60% win rate using pending orders though.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Ah i missed todays trade

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Today's trade - TP
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Anyone here who ever tried this money management?

Just look at the back test, and we can see, this system has nice win rate. So, how if we put as amount money everyday for that risk? Example, we give 100$ per day to risk, then that way we will change the lot depends on that trade has how many pips for SL. By 100$ risk, and 30pips SL from the box, we'll trade with ~0.42.. kindoff. And then, in week, if the win rate is 3-2 then final the profit is 100$... and also, score 1-4 or 0-5 are rarely even 2-3..

thats just my idea. Hope to get some hints from you bros!

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Yeah, its cool. But im doing as orginal , that waiting for the 15m candle closes.. so it seems i missed the trade!

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Congrats to the guys who use pending orders around here.

i don’t, so I missed the quick money

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Sorry guys I am going on holiday for a bit so will be absent from this thread for a little while. Will continue our paper trading accoung test upon return!

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
hey folks can anyone show me EA Setting please

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Today I found resistance level too close to our buy entry to let it run, so I cancelled the buy stop.

Also my Stoch indi showed Overbought.

So then when resistance forced the price back down I jumped in and took a ride for 20 pips down to bottom of our block.

Was all manual trading today.

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
I'm still on holiday my friends, but I can see that today's entry would be a loss if we follow the rules. We were 5 wins/7 trades prior to today's trade.

Now we are 5 wins/8 trades so 62.5% accuracy - will continue to monitor from the sidelines (as I'm on holiday and don't have the charts in front of me at the time 2am GMT) to see how we do for the week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Mon was also lost, and today trade looks like otm too!

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
mon - SL

tue - SL

today - SL

whoa, 3 days in a row.. my first time

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
today - I am still long   (monday / tuesday both SL)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
what time you start the box?

now I'm little bit confused

because

last  month at Sydney daylight saving ,and couples week ago EUR daylight saving aswell

today my box still at range

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
dimas orang indo kan?

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Box is OK - thats the difference because of broker feed

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
For my own box, i just make it from 9am my local time gmt+7, and 4 previous candle ( 5,6,7,8am), and get 3 otm for this week still now.. any wrong thing i made?! Hix... confused!!

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
yeap.. my reference is 2 hours before and after tokyo open

siap betul om

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
om gini ne saya lagi di sydney aussie

kemaren daylight saving

jadi confuised waktunya,

untung mas bro update jadi skrng EA g udh di FIX

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
my box is different - my broker (oanda) has GMT+2h that means my box start at 0:00 until 4:00 Broker Time

I get the following box

High 129.95

Low: 129.64
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
EA V2.01 here:
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=840411

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Ivanyo... Your timing is wrong, and box is the wrong position for the strategy.

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
My apologies, I had my charts set up in different time zone to test something - annoying that Tradingview.com auto-saves settings so then I forgot to revert it back after my testing.

So if we backtrack a little bit, then these would be the following results;

6th Nov - SL

7th Nov - SL

8th Nov - TP

Previously we were 5 wins / 8 trades. Adding the above takes us to 6 wins / 11 trades (54.5% win rate).

Let's keep monitoring to see how we go after 20 trades potentially. If after 20 trades we are showing a >50% win rate, potentially I might open a small account to test this strategy out and see where it can take us.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Still wrong dude... This week was 4 SL, 1 TP.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
Same with me 4SL 1 TP

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Hi hello....

The above results makes one wonder if you should'nt swop the buy entry and sell entry (smile)!

Got the following manual results on paper, from begin Sept to date : roughly +450 pips profit

EUR/JPY m15

START TIME -3hrs London open

END TIME +1 hr London open.

SESSION END : London open

box : 15-100 size (?)

TRUE

FALSE

FALSE

Reverse sell and buy entries as mentioned (sell triggers at the top of box and buy at the bottom).

If you could leave both buy entry and sell entry to trigger, that adds another 30% to your profit over the same period,

taking it to +660 pips profit.

Please do set it up and work through the last 2 months as I just did myself.

This is just an idea, with some input of our clever friends here I think it might just work after some fine tuning.

If you disagree.... well I tried....

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Hey guys

you guys gonna trade today ? Us holiday

is may impact market

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Sorry, noticed over the weekend a settings problem with my chart market hours..... should read:

Start time LONDON OPEN -5

END TIME LONDON -1

This is where I got the best results so far.

Apollogies....

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
What Stop /Target approach are you using to get these results?

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
London -1 makes sense because this is the Open time of Frankfurt.

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Today's one is a typical example where one hit SL, so keep an eye on the 15min STOCH (11,3,3) and 30min STOCH (11,3,3) before entering into trade.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
The top and/or the bottom of the box is the entry, (buy and sell entries just reversed as mentioned), and SL is 1:1 with size of box.

Please note that this is just an idea at this stage, nothing permanent. It might not work on the long run as is....

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
@Ivanyo

As already mentioned: you can't compare your trading with the 80% because you don't stick to the rules.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Plus, 80% is purely based on a visual backtest as FXMD mentioned here:

There are also lots of other factors involved in live trading this strategy. Do you take the trade on candle cross? Or candle close? How tall is the candle? How much of a pip buffer are you giving before the candle cross/close?

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
This strategy seems interesting.

However, due to my lack of time and knowledge (yes, still a newbie), i'm trying to find another solid EA, since I am already using one.

Some pages back some users mentioned one or more than one robot, is any of them still working?

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Today the nevercold EA with settings from the first post TP'd.

After a bad week yesterday I hope this week will make up for it

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Hi mate I can’t use that EA

witch once you download ?

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
I use the one from Inbox. Should be around page 60-65 I believe.

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
it seems to me that certain days are more profitable than others ?

does anyone have any stats on this ?

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
when there is a clear trend this EA is perfect .....when market is range it usually doesnt work

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Hey guys, following that hint i've also downloaded the Nevercold EA and this is the results on a demo acc, only operations with minor loses. Am I doing smtg wrong here, or...?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
hi folks

November is such a big DD for this system how you guys handle it ?

iterm money management

thanks

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
hi mate im trying nevercold.ori

i have downloaded EA and put on my platform and show up but it seem not open trade at all

any solution ?

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
@TheBestMA

re: Breakout_v2.2a.ex4

are you able to post a non expiring version of the EA as I have started testing this version, but now saying that EA expired.

Would be great if you could assist.

Thks

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
The same for me. @Stayfoolish, could you post a non expiring version? Or indicate the expiry date, to be informed. Thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
You can get EA from page 65 in this thread, posted by Inbox. Post 1282.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Thanks gg1. I have this EA too, I hope without expiry date. But all my studies are based in the other EA.

I'll start it again.

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Looks like the EA on page 65 is not working, I get the message "name is corrupted". It doesn't take any trades when using Strategy Tester.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Try this one: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post11615437

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
I still get the error message.

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Try this

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
hit tp

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
does its also work for index market our only eurjpy ?

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
I'm just using in EURJPY 15min.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Got it working now, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
EA bug? I don't what happen here. A buy order before breakeout with stoploss in 50% of box lol.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Well, StopLoss in 50% is because this parameter, but I don't know the parameter for orde send. Exist any offset for send order?

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
The EA takes the trade at box high or low. If my memory serves me well, scroll down and you will see something like box offset (pips) this is zero for standard and means the order will take the moment the price is above or under the box.

Please note that the standard settings for the Nevercold EA are not the same as the rules as described in the first post.

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
I this case the right thing is get closed candle out of the box to open order. EA need to update. But I'm suprised with order open without in limit of the box.

The blue line is order open and arrow current candle. In this case the spread influenced.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
If can get the EA to open a trade at a close outside the box that's the best as it increasing the win rate I think. Or if it closes to far then opens on a retrace to the top of the box then opens the buy.

The breakoutBox2.2 EA could be set to open outside the box but no always if it went to far outside and so not so clear.

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
I agree the breakoutBox2.2 EA with its order open outside of box was better in my opinion.

Perhaps we can see a non expiring version posted, it would be great!

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
We need someone tu update Nevercold Breakout.

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Today high boxsize. Set setting max e min to 15-45 for next trade.

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
hi can anyone fix the problem

im using same Nevercold EA

but my one is not open trade

everything else is same, the EA is smile Face,

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
I also have this same problem, Nevercold EA not taking any trades. I gave up using it. It seems to work for some setups in Strategy Tester though. I have just been manually taking the trade.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
After put max e min to 15-45 for box size, EA didn't open trade after breakout. =(

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
tray break even 30  should be better entry

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Hello everyone,

I've started forward testing this strategy two months from now. Strictly following the simple rules and not trading if the box shows up in orange colour, so far the outcome is promising; the strategy has given me more winners than losers, not at a 80% ratio, but just by continuing this rate is a good ratio somehow.

I read somewhere in this thread there are EA published to follow the simple and basic strategy. Would someone help me on this issue please?

Thanks to all in advance.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Hello

I'm totally confused about time zone! could you please give a set time for Teharn or for my time zone that is +1:30 from Tehran?

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Look at the time of this post (top right)...

The window opens in 3hrs 22mins from this time

The window closes in 7hrs 22mins from this time

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
You have to be logged in and from your correct, legitimate location/time zone for the time in top right to be correct for you. If you don't log in the time shown will be FF local time - or something else. Never experimented. However, if you are going to trade you really need to get familiar with GMT / London and New York times at the very least.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Hi FXMD,
Seems that Box open and close time is not correct and the correct box in terms of strategy timing should be opened as I have highlighted in blue color. That is EA issue or period should be changed in EA? My Broker time is GMT-5.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Don't worry,this system is a loser....just another hindsight, back tested waste of time.

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Backtestee as profitable every year for the last 10 according to my EA, and so far up around 14% in 2 months using reasonably conservative money management.

What makes you come to that conclusion Edge?

Edit: never mind, just looked at your post history from your profile. Seems you get off on going in peoples threads and taking shit. Interestingly, none of your posts seem to show any signs of profits, or knowledge of trading. They also lack intelligence. Good luck on your journey my friend.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Yes Mr Penguin I have never made a profit trading FX and I've tried everything known to mankind when it comes to this BS business.I have a huge knowledge and happily admit that I am a loser at this game but it's not for want of trying.I was a life member of J16,I've subscribed to many,many,many FX sites that guarantee success but success still alludes me so if that makes me a loser then a loser I am......but at least I'm honest unlike most here on the FF.

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
there is no guarantee to success. when i hear anyone saying success is guaranteed in forex, i just switch it off.

to me, there is no guarantee, only probability, and little bit of luck.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Are you gonna release the EA with any new revisions Penguinthief ?

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
I am forward testing this strategy on multiple pairs.

I use the Nevercold EA from inbox with settings as prescribed in the first post, it has given me a 10% profit just on this pair.

Also GBPNZD gives me nice profits, less trades but a better win ratio.

For everyone(most) with questions

Most important thing about any EA and system is that you need to understand what the basics are and why it works.

Please, for your own long term succes understand how the system works before you try it.

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
thanks for this system......

important observation is a reversal into the box zone without testing the target price confirms fakey setup and a buy/sell with

target to volatility ADR level is expected ... and the direction of the day by a chance of 85% is the direction of the first 4hr candlestick.

lest i forget , kindly adjust the box to close at 3:59 as a pick of 4:00 will include the 4:15 am bar if monitored on 15mintf or 4:30am bar if monitored on 30mins tf ... and this discrepancy has a great influence on the overall plotting on the levels

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
the reason this system is a waste to you is the same reason you are unprofitable in ur overall trading .... "absolute laziness and patience to research"

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
hi

no one system will give you the magic winner every system as his own credential but you have to know Forex for years and know when to enter a trade when all the condition are meet and very important with the trend and money management that all,.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Stayfoolish blocked the program because he doesn't want to share it, even if this good strategy is not from him.

But I found a program that can help. It's not the same, but for me it's good enough.

You can find another breakout box program (MQL included) at http://www.goforexstrategies.com/box-break-out/

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
It seems this system is still working up til now...

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Hi..says its expired top left but its loaded with e smile face top right and lets me strat test it (last year on EJ below on one setting)

Does this mean it wont work on a live account then?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
......but at least I'm honest unlike most here on the FF.[/quote]

______sooo Very True m8 , check this out - he's honest - Humble + egoLESS =

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...819560&page=31

from Dutchy Daxy =

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
1.)im a bit confused..im from malaysia...so what should i write in for the start time, end time and sessionend time??

malaysia open market start at 5am....

2.)why the calculation for the breaking box after open market is 4hrs??anybody can answer ...tq in advanced

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
______sooo Very True m8 , check this out - he's honest - Humble + egoLESS = https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...819560&page=31 from Dutchy Daxy = {image}[/quote]

It's very insulting to characterize that most people here are dishonest. If a few traders are dishonest it doesn't mean that we all are.

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Hi Sir,

I am plugging this eA and it said expired. Do you have non expired one? Thanks.

James

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Hi Edge540 ,

So do you agree that your dumb and my critic was true about this system?  IMO it's just two lines that's has nothing to do with the market and its just dumb money and smart money we trying managing dumb money. For example if hit SL call it for the day, it means you lose money and profit trade guessing that's one more reason why this system is bad.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Huh?

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Stayfoolish has gone and left us all to stay here foolishly hoping hell come back

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Never mind..

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
The pistols? Or Nirvana? This is a forex site you know..

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Did anyone still trading this strategy?

How you manage this week drawdown? 4 days loosing

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Hi Lemonx,

try on USDCAD +12.2 demo, its seems working but need to set BO 40 pips max limit.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
GBPUSD +19.0

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
it works on GBPJPY also +24.4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and NZDJPY +20.0
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Many Pairs look promising - EURNZD also show good results

EURJPY  short breakout is more profitable than long breakout

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Hi, doing some backtesting ... it doesn't make any trades with EURJPY M15 with tick data? MT4 is also saying the EA has expired.

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
yeah that's cause its expired  Shouldve got the code for this as it works I think. Can anyone try to run it and see if they can code it?

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Don't waste your time,this system is a looser.Trust me I tried,although I made money initially it turned out to be a big looser over time.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Do you mean this EA? Or the entire system discussed on this thread?

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
I am confused about which times are best to draw the box. Seeing various times when looking at the initial post vs screen grabs / indicator defaults.

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
The entire system,don't waste your time.

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Perhaps you could share your experience of how this system failed you? Any insights as to why it failed. Anything constructive to improve it?

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
I have shared my experience,it is a dismal failure like all forex systems.If you don't believe me try trading it yourself for a few months and report back.I traded it exactly to the original rules and lost about a grand after initially making a few hundred.

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
lol you lost me at "dismal failure like all forex systems" troll alert lol

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
"Troll alert" blah,blah,blah.Try trading this useless system and report back in a few months....I bet you lose.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
just with minor opti. you get the following result for the past 2,5 year

if you filter the breakout by indicator the system get even more profitable

I optimized the following parameter in the first step:

--Breakout window in relation to ADR

--Take Profit

--time when breakout occur

and get the following results ( 99,9 modeling quality)

EA just risk 100USD/Trade

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Do you have an EA for this

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
yes sure

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
if you are willing to share that would be great?

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Yes please could to share it? Did you make it yourself?

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Theres a few EA in this thread if you look. Great if you can share yours here to thank

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=524601

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
no I let it program by a prof coder - I paid for it

My EA inculdes some more features/indicators to filter the breakout

sorry , at the moment I will not share it here for free

I just wanted to emphasize that this core system of "asian breakout" can be traded very profitable if you do some more logical filtering

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
How much

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
no question of money

I would only share with another profitable EA

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
I have a profitable EA that I wrote with 78% win rate. Maybe we can do a trade.

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Would you care to elaborate about your system? Would like to know more about it. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Hey mate you wanna post you indicators and your template here ?

I think its interesting to test if we trading in the direction of the higher timeframe and we trading out of a reaction.

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
What EA. Care to share

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
dear trader

just some results (the Short Trades are even not optimized) to show you that the system can be traded very profitable. I can just recommend to stick to this system and think about how to avoid trades in false direction. The backbone of this system is still the breakout of the asian session. I read the charts hunderts of hours and tested different indicators (Stochatics, %ADR, Schaff....) for filtering false breakouts.

Please no not ask me to share my EA - do your own work and let s discuss which filter you like to filter the breakout

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
I dont want your EA, but do you mind sharing what filters did you use to have that result?

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
As you paid for it I dont want your EA either and was joking when I said how much (its not allowed as you know to try and sell so jus aswell you didn't lol) as yeah..id rather got a programmer to make my own. Ive also suggested and do look at other indicators on charts to work out options. When I get the chance/time I may bet back to this but am using an EA form  the link I posted anyway and that is free at the moment. Ill ask folks in there for help too when I need. Oh and happy to post more here now there is some life back in this thread.

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
The EA that I have is good but one thing I need in an EA is that it only opens a trade when the relevant candle closes outside the box (e.g. not when it hits the top/bottom only) and even better if it can be at a close at within a set % of the range outside the top/bottom. As I say I may ask someone to program this for me if I ever get the time. Sadly I have a hectic fulltime job at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
Dear Emerald

do you think a "close" outside the box is a good point to filter breakouts? I have never tested it. MY visual backtest did not show me that. But maye I had a different "view" on the data. I more consider the range size of the asian session. I think that is on of  the key features to get positive results.  I calculate the box as "%ADR"....

best hundsbua

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Which system to test is this? By the way...the DAX system works like a charm...

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Hello, newby question.  I use Oanda - server is V20 Live-1.  I've got the Breakout_v2.2a.  What are the start and stop hours please?

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
good job

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Asian session breakout - the origin system on post 1 -

I just included some filter not to trade every breakout....

Best hundsbua

nice to hear the MTFstoch-Dax system work for you

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
Sorry....too open question...which TEST system....

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
you mean, which indicators I use for filtering false breakouts?

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Anyone have an opinion which of the supplied EA's work better than the other? I have Breakout_v2.2a. - but has not triggered any trades -- I have auto-trading turned on and a smiley face in the corner. Where else should I look?

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
without filtering the breakouts you will not have profit in long term

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Now - I've downloaded and trying 3 Tier -- doesn't even load on the chart.

Can anyone help?

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
The system where you take the graphic from!

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
I optimized the following parameter / created filter which have to met to take the breakout:

--Breakout window size

--stochastics value when breakout occur

--time of day when breakout occur

Last value - I optimized is "Take profit" - 1RR like described in post 1 is not best setting especially for short breakouts

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
After several months of successful trading this system (62% Success rate from 19th November 2018/12th of May 2019), the last two weeks have been shocking.

15th May - Loss, 16th of May - Loss, 17th of May - Loss, 20th of May - Loss, 21st of May - Loss, 22nd of May - Loss, 23rd of May - Win, 24th of May - Loss, 27th of May - Loss, 28th of May - Win, 29th of May - Loss.

From the 15th of May to the 29th of May, the strategy has only produced 2 wins and 9 losses (18% Success Rate).
Just be mindful that this system is not 80% success rate in the long run. And can be a 80% loss rate in the short term.

The above is feedback for newbies who think they can get away with trading big. You will get burned.

Lets hope this system gets back on track soon , or I will be burning

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Long run you get about 50% success rate if you trade without any filters -  I did many backtests over 5 years - you get a small win if you trade only short breakouts

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
I'd appreciate any lead -- I still have not gotten either EA to work.  Can someone please direct me - thank you!!

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Yes that seems about right.

Now I'm new to this thread and have only been trading it for a couple of weeks now but I think this system isn't just cut and clear but more of a base which you then add your own tweaks to it.

For example I am much more inclined to take the trade if it is in continuation of the HTF trend... which EUR/JPY has been in a downtrend for a while now so I know there is a higher probability that the shorts will be winners, I am much more hesitant to take a long even if the EA tells me to.

Another thing to consider is what time exactly to enter... is it after 1 15min candle has broken and closed under or above or wait until a retest of the broken zone.. I believe the latter to be much more safe and smart.

Last thing I bring into consideration is which session are we trading, did the breakout happen the last 15min before London open... then I'm going to wait and see how far the London open might drive price the other way before reversing.

So in summary this strategy is more of a guide and isn't very clear cut and easy as it seems. I think this is a great strategy as I love trading EJ but adding your own rules and studying the pair and seeing how it reacts at different market areas is the work that every person needs to do on their own.

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
I find that you will get more success if you confirm a close below or above on a 15min chart. Also when the price is consolidating in a channel, the strategy can be terrible. Works a charm during the trend movements in a channel. I will be completing some back testing to see if a better result can be acheived by trading with the long term trend.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
So since I have been monitoring this so called 80% win strategy, the system actually is only producing a 22% win rate since the 15th of May.

From the 15th of May to the 29th of May, the strategy has only produced 2 wins and 9 losses (18% Win Rate).

From the 30th of May to the 07th of June, the strategy has only produced 2 wins and 5 losses (29% Win Rate).

Back testing, I have only been able to produce a 50% win/loss ratio at best (2 years).

Rubbish system.

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
read my post  https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post12267286

you have to invest some work - thats the same than in real life.

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Hundsbua, I agree. There is no such thing as a free lunch. I just get annoyed reading the many posts in this thread of people thinking that this is a wonder system making claims that this is a 80%+ win system. Systems are to be used as a guide to increase your probability.

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
I have been trading this system for over 4 months now and is very profitable every day/week using my own filter. just find something to filter trades and you will be fine.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
So share the filter ))

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
Let me clarify that i don't use this system on EurJpy only, i trade other pairs too using this system. May be i will start posting my trades by tomorrow

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
Do you tray using this system on index pairs ? like dax and sp 500 ?

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
No, i have not tried that but i don't think that will be a problem

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Martinez1 is an amazing trader and he has messaged me to offer me help in becoming profitable.All I have to do is send him $200 and he will show me the way to the promised land of profitable FX trading.I believe Martinez1 is a stand up comic in Nigeria.

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Sorry Sir, Never mind and let it be known also that you have not given and neither have i recieved anything from you or anybody else. Please. Thank you

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
You should report him to the Administrator if the allegations are true; now that would be funny

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
"I have seen your post "

Yes Mr Penguin I have never made a profit trading FX and I've tried everything known to mankind when it comes to this BS business.......

I can help you profit in this market you will start making money within a week after showing you what i discovered. you will be able to turn any system that has 50% wining ratio with 1:1 risk into a profitable system. Please let me help you. I won't show for free just 200 dollars i will return your money if within a week you don't profit and make your money.( that money is small compared to what i will show you and how much you will make if you have a good account size) it's is as simple as that. i started making money myself 3-4 months ago after 8 years"

That's the message I received from him.

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Initially i said i will be posting trades( or paper) taken using this system using my filter but later on i was discourage, no problem i will still post

telling someone is possible when you know the right thing to do. i traded my system on Friday and i did paper trade this system also i took three trades using my system and all did hit TP( making a total of 600 pips) but EURJPY 80% Strat

two of those trades hit TP (making a total of 900 pips) while the third one was close to TP and the end of Friday using my own filter. The reason i don't like this system(EURJPY 80%) that much is that the stops are always too wide (any thing above 150 stops is a no go area for me) so i trade my own system but when i come to check at the end of the day the EURJPY 80% is always winning (am not saying 100% please).   Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image

PLEASE DON'T COME HERE AND ABUSE ME, WELL EVEN IF YOU STILL DO IT MEANS THATS JUST WHO YOU ARE IT DOESN'T HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH ME AND I WILL NOT ANSWER YOU BECAUSE I HAVE TO PROTECT MY MIND FOR FOREX SO I CAN SUCCEED AND WITH SUCH MINDSET YOU WON'T GO FAR IN TRADING

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Dear breakout traders

I finished the backtest back to 2014. I divided the 6 years into two 3year pieces. I optimized within 3 years (2016-2018) and checked the results of the optimization back to 2014.

It looks promising - I will trade the EURJPY Breakout Live next week. I will post the results here in the forum

Actually I do the same optimizations with other pairs: GBPJPY / EURCAD looks also promising...

Have a nice weekend

Hundsbua

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Have you tried the opposite: optimize on 2014-2016 and test on 2017-2019? Or optimize on 2017 and test on 2018?

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
no - not yet

often the best settings between 2016-2018 are nearly the best 2014-2016 with slightly differences. If the optimization parameters do not lead to good results in the past (2014-2016) - I deleted this setup.

I think, I have to adjust the breakout window size from time to time due to different volatility - although I tried to eliminate this change by calculating the breakout box in relation to the ADR

Best

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Do you have an EA for this?

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Hey, im using one of your EA from another thread. Can I ask you to make some changes for me as think it would then be perfect for this

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
yes that are 12 different EA settings

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
which EA you are talking of ?

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Such a wonderful thread..  I'll be sure to look through on most post

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Thank you for the info but never forget that many systems that don't work are due to traders that don't follow the rules of the system.

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
[quote = hundsbua; 12367457] Caros traders, concluí o backtest em 2014. Dividi os 6 anos em duas partes de 3 anos. Otimizei dentro de 3 anos (2016-2018) e verifiquei os resultados da otimização até 2014. Parece promissor - trocarei o EURJPY Breakout Live na próxima semana. Vou postar os resultados aqui no fórum. Na verdade, faço as mesmas otimizações com outros pares: GBPJPY / EURCAD também parece promissor ... Tenha um bom final de semana Hundsbua {image} [/ quote]

Can you share the EA and setup you used in this backtest?

Can you share the EA and setup you used in this backtest?

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
i am  sorry - not at the moment

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Thank you very much Diamonddbw, I am in Melbourne need to adjust the time too, great help!

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
You´re right, using filters makes it a profitable system specially if you´re using basic price action. Also, everyone in ForexFactory should make themselves a favor and view "trading" as what it is, gambling. Trust me you´ll be a lot happier if you accept this fact, just become a professional gambler, it´ll make things a lot easier for you.

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
I'm a professional trader but my wife regards trading forex as gambling! On the other hand she likes spending those gambling profits

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Wew.. it's been a while and this thread still exist and the EA has been developed to V3.. great work TS

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Hi. I am studying your system. It seems good. Can your system is applicable to GOLD trading on your specified timing?

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
I did program EA, back test with high quality 99% fresh real data from 2003 to now. Here are some number for you:

- 17 years back test 99% real data (from 2003 to now)

- Averafe profit 2.2% per month.

- I use 1% for each orders, Risk:Reward = 1:2

- Maximum losing 17 orders, maximum drawdown 14%

I think this is good & safe way to invest, what you want more with an ea?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Please can someone help me understand how to change the settings to UK time?

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
I don't know about the other platforms but if you're using MT4 or MT5 the time zone cannot be changed.

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
Hello could you please share the EA? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Hi Martinez,

Can I know how you have the pips on the Fibo?

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Hello

Has anyone tried to create an Expert Advisor for this trading system?

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Is it GMT in summer too?

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
HI, what were the times of our box, and what is the take profit as a percentage of your box in your backtest.?

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
Hello and thanks...where is the EA?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
Hello hundsbua and thanks...

Can you point me out to the  MTFstoch-Dax system Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
I have programmed this strategy for cTrader, exactly as described in the first post. No trailing stop. Fixed TP and SL. Fixed lot size. Risk:reward is 1:1.

I have backtested it with high quality tick data in EURJPY M15 from January 2014 to September 2020 (today).

The result shows that this strategy is not profitable at all. It seems that the profit or loss probability is random.

This strategy is like gambling. You may hit a long streak of wins for weeks or months, but that does not make the strategy profitable in the longer run.

TheBestMA shows here a backtest that is profitable.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post10812064

I also get profits in that span of time of only one year. He was lucky.

My conclusions of the backtest agree with those of GavynSykes here
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post10814076

This is a screen capture of my backtest:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
Following my backtest of EURJPY in post 1557, I have done backtests of other pairs just out of curiosity, to know if this system may work in other pairs.

The workflow:

-- first, optimize box times and box size with a backtest in 2020.

-- Second, with those best input parameters, run a bactest from 2014 to today in 2020.

I have tried GBPJPY, USDJPY and CADJPY, all in M15.

No trailing stop. Fixed TP and SL. Fixed lot size. Risk:reward is 1:1.

The results for GBPJPY and CADJPY are rather bad.

However, for USDJPY the strategy seems profitable and it may be worth exploring this path further.

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
So you didn't read the manual yet?

The object visualization mode for different timeframes can be changed in the "Visualization" tab. The object will then be shown only for the selected timeframes. This can be useful when the tool has different settings for different timeframes. The "Fibo Levels" tab is specifically used only for Fibonacci tools. The list of the tool levels is given here in form of a table. The values of the levels can be changed or deleted (the "Delete" button). A new level can be added by pressing of the "Add" button. At that, if "(%$)" is entered in the "Description" field, the price value corresponding with this level will be shown in the chart. The "Defaults" button resets the initial values. The "Style" field that allows to set up the color, appearance, and thickness of levels of the object is located in the lower part of the tab.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
hi

some tips:

1: you have to calculate the box size relativ to the ADR and optimizse the calculated %ADR

2. do not try to optimize the box time - 0-4gmt make sense beacuse low volatility time

3. you have to filter the breakouts with an indicator

4. optimize RR - 1 is not the best

Best hundsbua

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
HI,

I saw your EA, and your note about MA filer added. Could you please explain how that works.Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Can anyone make it scan all the pairs of currency and timeframe.

That would be perfect.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Hi Michael, I downloaded the EA, thank you for providing the link. I tried to backtest, but it is not showing any trades over a period of the last year. I wonder if the backtesting is disabled?

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
This system is just the "London Open" system. It existed for many years. I believe it might have been profitable years ago. I have made the EA long time ago. Tried a lot of things but it never became profitable to me.

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
I mean anybody please make indicator that Alert for Breakout the Box of All pair and Pop up notification.

Thank you for sharing!

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
I would like to test v2.2a but the EA is displaying a message that it has expired on 2018.07.01 and its not opening any trades, anyone know how to fix this please?

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
change the time and date on your computer to 2017 ?

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
To run the EA is it required a indicator on side! I'm new here just passing through.

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
This's like flipping a coin. However, adding SMA30 to the H4 chart seems promising.

Sell: if price is below SMA30, sell when price breaks the low of the day's first H4 candle (my broker is GMT +3)

Buy: if price is above SMA30, buy when price breaks the high of the day's first H4 candle

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
How are people getting on with this?

I have found that a 1R target from the close of the breakout candle (SL other side of the range) yield higher results. Targeting 4R when the range is less than 15 and not taking trades when the range is greater than 55 increases EV further.

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
When you say R:R = 1:2 do you mean that the target is the same, but you use set a stop such that you yield 2R? Therefore, you do not use a stop equal to the other side of the range?

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
Why have you posted this?

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
It went up pretty well, I closed this position

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
History to see them in the future

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
I downloaded the EA but it's not working.

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Hi, u still trade this strategy with SMA30 ?

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
I been using this strategy

With slightly adjustment I have found profitable

Thanks for this simple strategy

Good month could +20% , if ranging 5%

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Hey mate,

Do you mind sharing your adjustment? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
hi , can you share those settings,,??,,,, i am trading the same strategy,, but at long tern, loses eat all my profits

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Does the time to draw the Asian range change with DST time shifts?

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
The strategie is here, you gotta adjust according your trading Style even I share the result it may different from you

Find your one folks you gotta need little bit work

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
yes bro,, the strategy is here,, but we just want to know your your adjust. that way we can see if works or not to the trading style of eachone

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
My EA is not trading system, but only help things.

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
Anyone else using this system?

does anyone have the EA of the indicator . please share with me

Thank you


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2665697
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2665699
EURJPY M15v.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2634789?d=1516053352
3 Tier London Breakout V.3.2b.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2635675?d=1516106445
breakoutEURJPY.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2635677?d=1516106447
RiskManagementAdvisorIndicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2634828?d=1516054539
PZ_TradePadEAMILLIONAIRESFACTORY.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2634829?d=1516054543
breakoutEURJPY.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2635412?d=1516098488
Spread.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2635415?d=1516098516
Spread.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2635416?d=1516098517
Xi-Sessions v0.95.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2636049?d=1516121059
ADR.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2636967?d=1516179334
breakoutEURJPY2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2636973?d=1516179595
ADR_Marker.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2636986?d=1516180020
EURJPY_BO.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2639462?d=1516284824
mladen1000pips Medium_v2.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2641041?d=1516372728
Breakout_v0_1a.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2641699?d=1516422671
DailyLinesBoxes.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2643684?d=1516638484
3 Tier London Breakout EA v1.3b.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2644013?d=1516655443
SoeHoe.ID_3 Tier London Breakout EA v1.3c.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2644217?d=1516683708
3 Tier London Breakout EA v1.3b(EDIT).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2644489?d=1516696972
3 Tier London Breakout EA v1.3b(EDIT).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2644495?d=1516696986
AuthorizedSSBODynamicBreakoutBoxFinalEdition.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2647291?d=1516838063
AuthorizedSSBODynamicBreakoutBoxFinalEdition.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2647293?d=1516838072
Breakout_v1_1a.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2651477?d=1517149746
breakout.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2660819?d=1517682549
Breakout_v2a.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2681184?d=1518882246
Breakout_v2.1a.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2682987?d=1519055171
Break Out V2.1 - EJ H1 1000USD_2.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2691024?d=1519539422
Breakout_v2.2a.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2701365?d=1520139854
ForceLoadHistoricalData.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2708335?d=1520528244
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2717449
Breakout_v2.2a.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2732739?d=1521888634
Market Panel Display Controller.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2733008?d=1521915731
Market Panel Display Controller.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2733010?d=1521915731
Mega-trend.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2733012?d=1521915731
Mega-trend.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2733014?d=1521915731
ultimasecret-9.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2733016?d=1521915731
MA_Shade 25-100.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2736803?d=1522167457
MA_Shade 25-100.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2736805?d=1522167457
###Clock_v1_2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2746010?d=1522823248
#4X 2011 XARD GOLDBANDS 2B.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2749375?d=1522962865
VR Alert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2755559?d=1523391184
VR DRAW.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2755561?d=1523391184
ASO.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2759209?d=1523601371
elliott_wave_oscillator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2759212?d=1523601372
UP - Supertrend.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2759215?d=1523601372
pipsometer_decimal_edit_2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2925235?d=1533215763
Erebus_Breakout_Indicators.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2926484?d=1533279447
3TierBreakout.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2937621?d=1533904745
EURJPY BO Results.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2963624?d=1535406067
MT4 CURRENCY POWER.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2981479?d=1536313726
Currency Strength Meter.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2981481?d=1536313726
test.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2982908?d=1536391501
zzz_EJ5MEA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2982912?d=1536391529
Findings of Breakup Action of 30 Symbols on 24.09.2018.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3007664?d=1537799098
SW.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3014496?d=1538121363
Nevercold BoxBreakout(ori-rules).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3037351?d=1539342248
Nevercold BoxBreakout (ori).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3041236?d=1539614926
FXMD M15 EURJPY-f.ex5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3041878?d=1539642187
Breakout_v2.2a.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3049938?d=1540015818
# Nevercold BoxBreakout.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3054363?d=1540304527
3 Tier London Breakout V.3.2b (rev.).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3060427?d=1540597879
breakoutEURJPY (rev.).tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3060430?d=1540597920
EURJPY M15 TEST.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3062434?d=1540812395
# Nevercold BoxBreakout.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3117958?d=1543931284
