===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
My house, my rules:

NO Trolls.
NO discussion of other non-related systems or topics.
NO discussion of commercial materials (Brokers, Paid Products, etc).
NO attacking and disrespecting other members.
RULE BREAKERS WILL BE IGNORED WITHOUT NOTICE!

Hello,

I am trading since the year of 2000. I do use different strategies and styles, but some years ago I fall in love with grid trading. Yes, I – and hopefully you – know, it is high risk, and when you try like me to gain performance 100% + a year at some point you will always hit the doomsday drawdown and blow your account. Non or less, my heartbeat goes up when thinking of the grid and many nights I swapped my sleep for intense back testing.

Some years ago, I found the EA “Super Money Grid” at the internet. I started testing it and after a while it went live with some real money. After 2 years I had many ideas how to optimize this strategy. A friend of mine is a coder and wanted to learn MQL 4. We teamed up, I explained him my ideas and he put them into the code. After 6 months we had a brand-new version of the EA with many cool features, we called it BlackMamba Ikarus.

So if you wonder about the name, well, the story of Icarus was for me always the perfect picture one should keep in mind when using a grid style trading approach: You will fly, but do not go to high, because the sun will burn your wings and your account will crash down.

When using I highly recommend starting on a demo account, only use with real money when you can handle the EA and are aware of the extreme risks involved in this trading style.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Settings:

Attached Image

magic: Magic Number if you want to run EA on different instruments on in one account
grid_size: Distance between the order of one cycle
gs_progession: Factor to expand grid_size0 = Disabled, all orders will have the same distance 1 = Distance between orders will grow 1/2/3/4/5… (D’Alembert) 2 = Distance between orders will grow 1/2/4/8/16…(Martingale) 3 = Distance between orders will grow 1/1/2/3/5…(Fibonacci) take_profit: Setting for securing profit of the cycle with a trailing stop.
profit_lock: Percentage of profit secured by trailing stop.
min_lot: Volume to start a new cycle.
equity_warning: Drawdown alert, when active will stop auto opening of orders.
account_risk: Stop Loss on account base, when reached all orders will be closed an EA will stop trading.
progression: Setting for volume progression within one cycle.0 = Disabled, all orders will have the same volume 1 = Volume will grow within a cycle 1/2/3/4/5 based on min_lot… (D’Alembert) 2 = Volume will grow within a cycle 1/2/4/8/16 based on min_lot …(Martingale) 3 = Volume will grow within a cycle 1/1/2/3/5 based on min_lot …(Fibonacci) max_possitions: Setting for maximal positions per cycle.
unbalance_control: Hedging functionA new cycle (e.g. buy) will be opened with the 3. Last volume of the unclosed cycle (e.g. sell). This will cause EXTREME RISK and can blow your account easily. max_spread: Setting to avoid big spreads when opening positions. Enter MT4 points here, 1 pip = 10.
show_forecast: Enables graphic elements in the chart.

How it will trade:

The EA is working on FX Pairs, I personally trade it on majors (EURUSD, USDCHF, GBPUSD % USDJPY) and bigger minors (e.g.EURGBP or EURJPY). All orders will be executed as market order, the trailing stop is handled by the EA. Therefore I highly recommend running it on MT4 hosted on a remote server.

Timeframe is not relevant because this version is using no indicators.

When started the EA will open immediately two cycles with one buy and one sell order. If the market goes north, the buy cycle will be locked with a trailing stop while the sell cycle will open the next order to average the sell cycle price. As soon as the trailing stop is hit and a cycle is closed in profits, a new cycle will be started. The EA is including commissions and swaps in the take profit calculation.

Take profit and the next price where orders will be added are shown in the chart as indication. On the right side of the chart, you have an info panel giving you an overview on spread, account and both cycles. On the left side of the chart, you will see information on both cycles and your settings. You can hide this information and the button when clicking “Show/Hide Comments”.

The EA has some hot buttons so you can manage the action with one click: Stop Next Cycle: After a cycle is closed in profit the new cycle will not be started. Rest & Realize: The EA will not add any new positions, when the take profit is reached it will use the trailing stop to secure and realize the cycle profit Stop & Close: All positions will be closed immediately, and the EA will not open new cycles

When a cycle has reached the number of positions you set in max_possition the manual mode hot buttons will be activated (Buttons will show yellow colour, Yellow Alert). The modus is also activated when equity drawdown is higher than the setting under equity_warning (Buttons will show red colour, Red Alert).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hot buttons while in Alter Yellow or Red: Buy / Sell: Open manual the next order, volume will be based on EA setting Cl. Last B / Cl. Last S: The last order of the cycle will be closed. Cl. All Bs / Cl. All Ss: Close all order of a cycle

When the EA is in Alarm Yellow or Red, it will not automatically open new position to the cycle which is in drawdown, but will close a cycle with the trailing stop function when take profit is reached. During alert modus max. equity and current drawdown will be shown on the left side of your screen. During alert modus a line indicates, where the new take profit will be, when a position is manual added when using the Buy / Sell button. During alert modus a line in the chart indicates where the account will hit margin call.

I am trading with the EA on a live account (1:200). I consider this to be a “fun” account, so it is much smaller than my regular accounts. Therefore, I try to push hard and this year was quite good so far. On the account I am using a beta version of Ikarus which I unfortunately cannot post here, main difference is the opening of a cycle will be done on an indicator base, the rest of the cycle is handled the same way than the EA you can download here. For entries I am using a combination of BollingerBands and Stochastik or RSI indicator.

I have many ideas how to improve the EA further, unfortunately my old coder is to busy nowadays, and I am not a coder but a trader. So, if someone is interested and blessed with MQL4 skills, I would be more than happy to use this thread for improving this EA together with you.

CODERS, PLease check post 213 for my current ideas to improve Icarus, your support is highly appreciated!

For the case you are nor familiar with the story of Icarus and his father Daedalus you can build up your knowledge on greek mythology with this youtube video.

Inserted Video

If you have questions on the attached version of the EA or you want to discuss possible improvements you are more than welcome to post here

I like all comments to keep track, thumb up means I have read your post

Green pips to all of us, Cheers

--- 帖子 #2 ---
great! hope you don't mind I put it for tick backtesting though it is not trustworthy

--- 帖子 #3 ---
You are more than welcome to do so. Most likewise you gonna find out that - depending on the used settings . there will be a doomsday drawdown from time to time. Griding is risky - when your yearly goal is higher than 10 %.

So my answer to this is to have a payout-schedule prepared. At the moment I am doing this on my live account like this:

1K --> 2K  (1K are taken out of the account)

1K --> 3K  (1K are taken out of the account)

2K --> 5K  (2K are taken out of the account) At the moment I am 740 € away from this step

3K --> 8K  (3K are taken out of the account)

LoL, gues you found out allready I am a big fan of fibonacci numbers

--- 帖子 #4 ---
How long has it taken for you to reach that level and which pairs have you been trading?

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Hi, I have started trading on this account begin of 2021, so far I was just trading EURUSD, today I added EURGBP as second pair...Cheers

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Mapi,first of all thanks for useful tool.İ have an idea for it.Can we add center of gravity order indicator as to open orders on extremities and go on with thinner grids.Just an idea.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Falanca, thank you for your idea. Center of gravity is a valid option, I am not sure if it will perform better than BollingerBands, but the effect will be we are able to use much smaller grids. Also CoG Stachastik would be an interesting option.

I would like to wait for some days to see what kind of feedback is coming and than start the brainstorming on new features, counting on you!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #8 ---
it looks like you add to losing positions, but do not add to profitable positions....do you think floating profits and losses would more likely to even out if you add to winning positions as well?....of course you would not need to limit the amount of orders added to the winning side....

--- 帖子 #9 ---
If the Mt4 platform gets disconnected does the EA run where it left off when it reconnects?

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Goodnight

Thanks for the work MaPi

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Tero, just release a new 1k account each next week/month? Those who do survive, will make it big...

1K --> 2K (1K are taken out of the account)
1K --> 3K (1K are taken out of the account)
2K --> 5K (2K are taken out of the account)
3K --> 8K (3K are taken out of the account)

--- 帖子 #12 ---
This is a common mistake made by the creators of the grid system. Of course, it is safer to add only in the direction of profit (the attached picture shows the course of the test with a similar EA, when it is added only in the direction of profit, with an initial deposit of 3000 USD, status after about 5 months). I trade the same EA on Live. What is most important - choosing the right pair and in connection with it other necessary parameters. Anyway good work.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Hi MaPi. It looks interesting. Running it now on demo. Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Subscribed

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Thank you, I forgotten to metion on this topic. The EA is quite stable when it comes to this. So yes, if it is interrupted and you start it again it will will run again and handle the logic from your settings...

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Hey Yonnie, welcome on board. Let´s keep this in our backhead when we start talking about improvement. Without having much time to think about your point my first answer is, that this would change the hole concept of the EA. By setting the take profit we can set the target higher, but adding positions on a winning cycle would need a complete new logic including how to make sure the cycle is trailed in profit even if positions are added.

The Unbalance Mode of the EA is doing this by the way, but without having a protection (which is making this mode so dangerous), so at the moment let´s keep it on the list, but again, it would change the logic behind...

Thank you for your input!

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Hi, good to have you here

I tried in the past different options when it comes to pay out. From my experience a payout strategy is defenitly needed, when you are trading a aggressiv grid. When you open up every new month a new account with 1K out of winning, but still trading the same pair, you could risk all accounts on a doomsday drawdown.

And even when trading different pairs one account could go high and than you loose it all on one bad cycle.

So either you use the stop out function of the EA or you have a payout scheme. The first goal on griding should always be to get yout own money out and try to rise sponsored by your broker

Cheers

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Hi Lopuch

You nailed the point, most important is the right pair and a good broker. I trade this on a pro account 1:200 (maybe I will raise to 1:400 soon), the avg. spread on EURUSD is 0.2 pips and I am charged 6 USD roundturn per Lot comission, so in total I have around 0.8 pips. Also you need a broker with good swap rates, and - if you find one - it is a huge plus if your broker offers you zero margin on hedges, when you want to fly high with Ikarus.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Hi Mapi

I'm going to test it to understand a bit how it operates.

Thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Cool, looking forwar to your feedback, Cheers

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Of course - leverage - another very important thing for this type of trading. I would not dare trade (live) on an account with a leverage lower than 1: 500. Unfortunately, at least a relatively decent broker with a higher leverage is very difficult to find.

VPS is also a good thing, but here the selection is easier.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Thank you very much for sharing your EA.

I am testing it on GBPUSD and US30 on demo.

I want to test it in high volatility to understand his behavior and when it is better to run it.

The options One Cycle and Rest and Realize are very useful.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
The thing is, with one young employee of ours, we are trading a regular risk (not a high one) and made 200% in the last 15 months using similar approach. The price tend to trend and once the wrong side fuel is over? The right side is running entirely on it's own and do compensate for the wrong choice and even delivers some nice profits (the losses on the wrong choice are deducted, i.e. included in the net).

However, if you are flipping sides (not managing each side separately and entirely independently)? Then you might be right. The doomsday might put everything to an end in a wrong cycle... But... I think, if you do not give up, and run regularly, fresh new releases? Eventually, you will sync up with the good market conditions. Exactly in the same way, as you did with the wrong cycle...

--- 帖子 #24 ---
When you are aiming for 30-50 percent/year you could do this on an ESMA regulated acc (1:33), but if you want to be more aggresive leverage is needed. VPS is a must but easy to find, and even here Ikarus is due to it´s logic robust, the liquidity of my broker is hosted in LD4 an my Server is located in Germany, no problem at all.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Your are welcome, please come back with your feedback :9

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Fair point. But out of my experience I now doomsday will hit you one day. So I made the dessicion to have a payout scheme involved. Off course you can handle this on your own way. Here gridtrading is like regular trading, you need to find a approach which is matching with your personality...

--- 帖子 #27 ---
testing US30

broker valutrades with this configuration

thankful

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Cool, please let me now about the outcome, the EA is designed for FX so I am interested on your feedback!

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Thanks for this. Am I wasting my time trading this with 30x leverage?

--- 帖子 #30 ---
The original code is written in pre-"build 600" style which allows a number of coding issues to go unchecked, so attempting to compile in "strict" mode resulted in 130 warnings and several errors. In addition, NormalizeDouble() was being used where DoubleToString() was required, and vise versa. There were also bugs in the array access code and variable scoping issues which required fixing.

The attached version compiles without error and a EURUSD back-test from 01/01/2020-24/03/2021 matched exactly with the back-test of the original code, so it seems there are no issues with the code clean-up.

Initial observations suggest an issue with the profit trailing approach (or perhaps the code) as a previous test left the trailing stop level hundreds of pips from market price.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Hey, with the posted version it will be a little bit tricky on a ESMA regulated small account, which does not mean it is impossible. On the version I am using I find settings which per Backtest genereting 50+%/year on a 1/33 account.

So after everyone had time to get used to the general logic behind Ikarus we will start to brainstorm and improve ist. Even if I will trade on higher leverage my goal will be to create (with the help of this great forum) a version which also can be used on low leverage...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Hi fxtrue,

first of all thank you for your work, I will check your code on some BTs and on Demo, but I am confident we have now a clean code which will be a great basement for improvements. I never had an issue with the trailing SL on lieve and demo accounts, but I saw on some BTs that a cycle was closed with minus what normaly should not happen. Maybe this is linked to the mistake you found out. Let keep this in mind!

Again, your work is highly apprechiated,

Cheers

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Hi there! If you are using multi mode you need to have dynamic lot size. For example 1 lot size for EU is 0.69 for GU and 0.32 for XAU. If you will use 1 for all you can face unusual margin taken and equity loss. Also the grid calculations must depend on average currency range, and it can't be the same. For example today they are:
Attached Image

Just my 5 cents.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Hey, good to have you here

When trading on different instruments I find the starting volume normaly via backtesting. In Januarx I started the cycle with 0.03 EU and after changing my settings and growing the account I am starting now with 0.10 Lots EU.

But yes, you are nailing it, one of my next ideas for the EA would be the option to calculate the gridsize by the range of market, most likely ATR.

I will use the easter days for summerizing my ideas how we can improve and post them next week, so all readers will have the option to get familiar with the original version and also give some imputs in which direction we will improve...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #35 ---
I put the EA (Ikarus 2.1) in a DEMO account starting with $ 2000.00 in a VPS. Follow the performance of our account.

ASSETS = US30

Login User: 95016714

Investor password: forex1x8

Server: ValutradesSeychelles-Demo

--- 帖子 #36 ---
change sharing optichangAsking those who know that I should choose 1:? Our debokers are rated at 1: 2000 and the other question is, should I add anything to my chart as well?e sharing optionon

--- 帖子 #37 ---
[quote=forex1x8;13475293]I put the EA (Ikarus 2.1) in a DEMO account starting with $ 2000.00 in a VPS.

Please remove the afiliate link to the broker or I need to take actions, thank you!

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Hi Iyesvip, I am sorry but I do not understand your question, please come again, thanks

--- 帖子 #39 ---
[quote=MaPi;13475414]
OK excuse me

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Can you explain the unbalance control function?

It is assumed that at a specific moment, the previous cycle closes and another opposite begins with the lot of the last closed order ?.

How is it configured? a specific number? In backtesting it doesn't work for me.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Hi.

I don't remember, did you mention what time frames it works on, without M5 & H1, of course?

tell me, please.

many thanks.

P.S. trying it at GBPUSD .. many funny :O)

--- 帖子 #42 ---
1st post

--- 帖子 #43 ---
where is there about TF?

stick nose me, please.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
"Timeframe is not relevant because this version is using no indicators"

--- 帖子 #45 ---
with a trending grid you can make at least 100% a year and have a low DD at the same time.....not like a ranging grid, adding to losers and one day losing your account and having sleepless nights!.........I gave an example how I trade in "Grid trading system, keeping DD to a minimum"...

do not get married to a single pair: look where the trends are happening and start gridding there....many times the trend will stall and you`ll have quite a few small wins and losses.....that`s where people give up.....

keep going and you only need a few good trends a year which will make you heaps of money....

if you have a choice, go for the low spread pairs....when I hit a home run, I might be in trades for months, so swap is important......also trade cfd`s on futures, where I don`t pay any swap.....

@ Lopuch: good trading - only 12% DD.....what are your other parameters for pair selection?

--- 帖子 #46 ---
the multipier is very dangerous if it is 1,2,3,5.can we make it 1.1X etc?

--- 帖子 #47 ---
thanks :-)

--- 帖子 #48 ---
I`m not an EA type of guy, but maybe it is possible to run another EA just for directional gridding?

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Simple: volatility is needed - because in my style of trading EA add trades only in profit direction, i.e. in ranging market the number of positions does not change.

On the other hand, if volatility is exaggerated, there is a danger of too wide a range and MC (margin call). The crosses are based well on this are GBP, unsuitable is e.g. TRY.

Then all you have to do is choose an adequate one pipstep.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
First I'd like to thank you for sharing MaPi. I joined the forum to jump into the discussion.

I've been trading for more than 12 years with strategies developed by myself, so I'd figured it would be fun to test out some strategies developed by others, for a "fun account" - as you mention. I'd like to ask you, will you share your Beta version, for possible ideas of improvements? As in my mind it do look a bit more interesting than your shared version.

BR,

Mr. Bank

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hi, yes off course, here you go.

First, the unbalance mode in the current version is VERY dangerous, it will almost guarantee to blow up your account. Therefore, I advise you not to use it with real money. Having that said this mode is still a valid option for the version of the EA, I would like to develop in this thread, on my current beta version of the EA I sometimes use it when bigger drawdown is kicking in.

So how does the mode work? You are activating it with the input “1”. In doing so you are giving the EA instructions to link the starting volume of the closed cycle to the 3. Last traded volume of the open cycle (which will have a negative PL at this moment).

Example:

Let’s say you are trading with progression = 3 (Fibonacci). The EA has opened 4 Buy order so far (0,01/0,01/0,02/0,03) and now the sell cycle is closed in profit. The new sell cycle will open with 0,01 lot, because this is the third last volume of the open buy cycle.

We are still trading with progression 3, but now the EA has opened 5 buy orders (0,01/0,01/0,02/0,03/0,05). The sell cycle is closed and will be opened now with 0,02 instead of 0,01, due to the reason this is the 3. Last volume of the buy cycle.

This is how the modus works, so when it comes to a trend you will have bigger volume = potential wins against the direction where your drawdown is. Since the EA is opening ongoing cycles, this will lead to a ping pong effect which will drastically add volume to the starting order of each cycle. I have some ideas for this feature for our improved version which I will tell you soon so we can discuss it.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hi Yonnie.

I appreciate having you here, welcome! When we reached the point of improving, we can discuss an option for the EA to choose between trend and contra trend. But for the moment the EA is what it is.

I understand from your threads you are having a good knowledge on trending grids, but I would ask you not to go off topic in the thread to much  (e.g. asking here on a graph of another system, you can do this via pm…). As you can read in the first words of the first post, I like to keep this thread here on topic and clean. Thank you for your understanding,

Cheers

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Hi, at the moment you have 4 options for volume:

0= 1/1/1/1/1/1/1/...

1= 1/2/3/4/5/6/7...

2= 1/2/4/5/16/24...

3= 1/1/2/3/5/8/13...

On my account I am using option 3 (I call it fibogale, lol) most of the time.

But for the wishlist we could add the option of a multiplicer where you can set the value of your choice.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
As said before, everything is possible, but maybe you better open another thread for your project

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Hello,

today is not only the last day of the month but also the last day of the first quarter 2021. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The performance of my betaverison of the EA on my real account was promising, but risky. The hoel February I was challanged by a huge DD on a shortcycle in EURUSD, which I had manualy opend. The account survived, and due to hedgings (via hot buttons and unbalanced mode in combination of "stop next cycle") I made made some extra €. After that experience and due to the fact that my job was keeping me busy I changed settings and the EA performed much calmer in March.

When we work together I am confident we will create a much better version than my beta which I use at the moment. Allready after 3 days when I opend the thread I find promising ideas here and also we received a cleaned up version of the code, thanks a lot to the coder!

The next days I might be a little more inactive here to enjoy the holidays,

Happy Easter Time to you and your beloved ones!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #56 ---
I believe that the Active US30 is the best for this Expert, has an average ADR of 400 pips daily. think about it.

I'm running EA # post 35

configuration # post 27

In less than 01 days running $ 50 dollars in profit so far.

green pips for everyone.

I am available

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Keep us posted, out of my mind I would think the Dow is to trendy for Icarus and the cost are higher than major forex, but time will tell us those things...Cheers

--- 帖子 #58 ---
What are your spreads for the same?

--- 帖子 #59 ---
I have an ECN account

The spread is 1.3 pips

the commission 6 dollars per lot

can i start with batch 0.01

I'm waiting for your work EA ... but I just have to thank you for the opportunity.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
This is what I mean...One lot US30 equals 33.000 USD, you pay 6 USD plus Spread...1 Lot EURUSD equals 100.000 €, and I pay less spread than you (0,3 avg) and hav the same comission but 3 times the volume...But anyhow, good luck, looking forward for some updates...Cheers

--- 帖子 #61 ---
I am new to this thread.

Trying to understand how this wonderful EA works and the best way to take advantage of it.

I like to work with index.

My first impression is that this EA works well when there are high volatility and a caotic market.

So it closes quickly the trades without too many steps of volume.

To me, it seems no need to run it all day. Take your daily gain and get off.

In the screenshot, the lot is 1.00 because this broker allows only this initial lot which is like 0.1 with UK50.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Welcome flashpaul,

as stated befor I do not have experience in using Icarus on non FX instruments. But yes, you nailed it, optimum market is a volatile phase, it can be up or down or range, but enought volatility so both cycles can be closed. By the way, with a high setting on profit_lock the EA will trade more risky than with a low setting. Reason behind: The new cycle will open closer to the high or low of the movement and will potential add more trades when the market changes direction. This is on of the reasons I want to have a indicator based entry (like my beta) so we can also use higher profit lock due to the fact the new cycle will not open imidiatly after the old one was closed...

So as outlook for the EA I would like to create with the help of this wonderful forum, I give you some inside on the Beta of the EA which I use on my real account: Opens cycle on conditions from BollingerBands and or Stoachastik / RSI, from second order it behaves like Ikarus 2.0. Currently my cycle opens when high/low crosses 3 Std. Dev. on BB(20) and Slow Stochastik ist higher/lower 30/70. All on m5 chart. Has an option to stop trading on a daily target (I do not use this) Has a automatic and manual "trendfunction" (I do not use it). Thank you for your question,

Cheers

--- 帖子 #63 ---
[quote = MaPi; 13476442] Ciao, oggi non è solo l'ultimo giorno del mese ma anche l'ultimo giorno del primo trimestre 2021. {image} La performance della mia betaverison di EA sul mio conto reale era promettente, ma rischiosa . L'hoel di febbraio sono stato sfidato da un enorme DD su un ciclo breve in EURUSD, che ho avuto manualmente aperto. L'account è sopravvissuto e, a causa di hedgings (tramite pulsanti caldi e modalità sbilanciata in combinazione "stop next cycle") ho guadagnato alcuni € in più. Dopo quell'esperienza e dato che il mio lavoro mi teneva occupato, ho cambiato le impostazioni e l'EA si è comportato in modo molto più calmo a marzo. Quando lavoreremo insieme, sono fiducioso che creeremo una versione molto migliore della mia beta che uso al momento. Già dopo 3 giorni quando apro il thread trovo idee promettenti qui e inoltre abbiamo ricevuto una versione pulita del codice, grazie mille al programmatore! I prossimi giorni potrei essere un po 'più inattivo qui per godermi le vacanze, buona Pasqua a te e ai tuoi cari! Saluti [/ quote]

Hi Mapi,

thanks for this post and sharing your beta.

Here you say you have set the ea to operate more calmly.

Does it mean that the settings of the first post have changed?

with a currency like eurusd and 0.01 lot what budget do you recommend?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #64 ---
[quote = MaPi; 13476706] {quote} Benvenuto flashpaul, come affermato prima non ho esperienza nell'uso di Icarus su strumenti non FX. Ma sì, l'hai inchiodato, il mercato ottimale è una fase volatile, può essere su o giù o gamma, ma abbastanza volatilità in modo che entrambi i cicli possano essere chiusi. A proposito, con un'impostazione alta su profit_lock, EA opererà in modo più rischioso rispetto a un'impostazione bassa. Motivo alla base: il nuovo ciclo si aprirà più vicino al massimo o al minimo del movimento e potenzialmente aggiungerà più scambi quando il mercato cambierà direzione. Questo è uno dei motivi per cui voglio avere una voce basata su indicatori (come la mia beta), quindi possiamo anche utilizzare un blocco di profitto più elevato perché il nuovo ciclo non si aprirà immediatamente dopo la chiusura di quello vecchio ... Quindi come prospettiva per l'EA vorrei creare con l'aiuto di questo meraviglioso forum, Ve ne do un po 'all'interno sulla Beta dell'EA che utilizzo sul mio conto reale: Apre il ciclo a condizioni da BollingerBands eo Stoachastik / RSI, dal secondo ordine si comporta come Ikarus 2.0. Attualmente il mio ciclo si apre quando alto / basso incrocia 3 Std. Dev. su BB (20) e Slow Stochastik è maggiore / minore di 30/70. Tutto sulla carta m5. Ha un'opzione per interrompere il trading su un obiettivo giornaliero (non lo uso) Ha una "funzione di tendenza" automatica e manuale (non la uso). Grazie per la tua domanda, Saluti [/ quote] Ha un'opzione per interrompere il trading su un obiettivo giornaliero (non lo uso) Ha una "funzione di tendenza" automatica e manuale (non la uso). Grazie per la tua domanda, Saluti [/ quote] Ha un'opzione per interrompere il trading su un obiettivo giornaliero (non lo uso) Ha una "funzione di tendenza" automatica e manuale (non la uso). Grazie per la tua domanda, Saluti [/ quote]

US30 and SP500 do have high volatility at 16:30 of the broker.   HK50 at 04:15 of the broker.  It is possible to arm the EA before this time, before sleeping for those who are at a disadvantage with the time zone, and to set Stop Next Cycle.  It is only a suggestion.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Sound interesting!  Can you please post your setting for trading US30?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Hi

Again: I am trading on my real account a beta version of the EA wich is attached in post 1. The differences of my version are: Opens cycle on conditions from BollingerBands and or Stoachastik / RSI, from second order it behaves like Ikarus 2.0. Currently my cycle opens when high/low crosses 3 Std. Dev. on BB(20) and Slow Stochastik ist higher/lower 30/70. All on m5 chart. Has an option to stop trading on a daily target (I do not use this) Has a automatic and manual "trendfunction" (I do not use it). So my change of settings on the real account is not related to the settings which are as default in the version I have attached here. Reason to start the thread are

1) I was learning a lot from forexfactory so I feeled it was time to give something back

2) I can trade but not code, my coder of Icarus is to busy to improve the project further, so I want together with you and hopefuly the support of some skilled MQL4 Coders push the roboter to a new level with new functionality

Before you ask, main reason why I do not post my beta (the one I use on my acc) is, it has some smaller bugs, there is one feature I do not understand at the moment (hopefuly I will get input from the coder after easter holidays) and I agreed with the coder to publish the version of post 1, not the beta I am using on my new account.

I have a long list of features (including the ones I have in my beta) and counting on all of you, to give input what kind of features we can add to a potential improved version.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Yeap, we can add to our wishlist a starting and ending time (or multiple). I will summerize my wishes including the ones wish have been posted here so far aproximatly end of next week...Hopefully people with MQL4 skills will explain than, what is possible

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hello Mapi,

sorry I was not referring to the beta you are using on real account but to the one you have published on first post. I didn't make myself clear, sorry.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
No worry  So the settings in the EA from post are standard settings, obviously I used a lot of settings when I was trading with this version. Cheers

--- 帖子 #70 ---
When the market is a big mess your EA is happy.

Me too.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Bravo!

--- 帖子 #72 ---
I have activated your ea in a real account with EURUSD and 0.01 and I want to understand how it behaves.

It would certainly be very useful to have the possibility to stop the EA in some time slots.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
be careful when running this on standard account,it may become dangerous,so im using cent account

--- 帖子 #74 ---
What do you think about xauusd?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Hi and good luck, I would recommend doing first intense backtests followed up by frontest via demo before using it on real account. Anyhow, keep us posted...cheers

--- 帖子 #76 ---
EA works, but so far I never tried griding in that market. Run some backtests to find out first...

--- 帖子 #77 ---
i wouldnt use dangerous EAs on gold unless u r on cent account

All martingales are not meant for standard account unless you have 10,000 dollar account with safe settings like 1.1x or 1.12

i have lost a lot of money on standard account using martingale EA

--- 帖子 #78 ---
I've been following this thread. Quite new to FF. Thanks everyone. Is there a set file for a slow and steady approach to this EA? I'd love to test it and post results here. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
why do u want the EA to follow the indcator when buy and sell both will open at the same time and build positions ?

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Hi T4Trade,

i also lost a lot with martingale but this ea is a grid that looks very strong just where martingale is not, or no?

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Hi, nice to have you around. I am using indicators to open the first order on a more overbought or oversold situation. This gives me the option to run much smaller distance between the orders of a cycle and makes the approach more save. It is just about the first order of the cycle, the following orders are handled within a pure grid logic.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
When I traded this version I normaly used progression 1 or 3, 2 which is martingale, was used by myself just realy rare.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
The "right" settings depend on many things like risk appetite, leverage, account type and account size. Out of my experience I would advise you do some backtest. When you find settings you like, make a visual BT and ask yourself if you are happy with trading frequency and equity drawdown. Then use an demo account for a front test of your settings...After that decide if you want start with real money.

I know people's first guess us EA means starting trading easily and saving time. Out of my experience this is not true. Yes, you save time on trading, but you have to invest time in testing.

So maybe this is not the answer every one would like to hear, but it's honest and backed by my experience.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Here's a short back test with default parameters (not able to find recommended settings)
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...a-738581370d99

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...c-0cbe82ce8cc8

If there's a good .set file you want me to test, I'll gladly do it for a longer period of time.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Friend MaPi, I want to leave a suggestion here.

I believe that there is no need to trigger any indicator on the EA Ikarus, as the operator can check his strategy on a parallel chart and enter the chart with the EA Ikarus.

In my opinion, just create a primary entry button (BUY and SELL) that the operator can make immediate order or pending order. These inputs, when activated, will be the primary inputs (only one input without hedging). This primary entry going to the target, closed loop.

If the primary entry is unsuccessful, then EA Ikarus would take action with the same possibilities as we have, distance, progression, volume, etc ...

It would be a mixed system, where the operator would take the first step and EA Ikarus would manage the rest.

Grateful for the attention

--- 帖子 #86 ---
HK50 closed in profit manually looking at P/L Sym.  Note that in this broker 1 lote is like 0.10.

If I don´t ask too much, is it possible to add a start time option?

Another question: why are the green buttons disabled?

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Hi MAPI,

EA performance since last week is great so far in my demo account, thank you so much for sharing ...

I have a question regarding the EA if there is any minimum account balance defined for IKARUS V2.0 ... it is not opening any trades in my real account on EURUSD with 1.5 pip spread ... Any parameters should be revised for a real account?

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hi, my beta version has the option to disable indicators so you can choose if you want them, I think this is a valid option for the improved version, too...

But yes, we definitely will need a manual entry button for buy and sell, so you can use the EA for normal trading with the grid as "hedge" and grid trading.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Hey, cool, I have your wish on the list, will summariz it end of next week

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Hi, minimum volume to start a cycle is 0.01 lot. Please check in the upper right if the spread is shown in red, if yes the EA want open orders due to your setting in max_spread. The input here are MT4 points, so for 1.5 Pips it should be 15 or 20, when soread on your account is dynamic

--- 帖子 #91 ---
As you can see in post 1 the green buttons only get activated in alert Yellow and Red mode...this is another think which I like to change in the new version...

--- 帖子 #92 ---
we learn from our experince when we lose,so im still using marti with more better strategy and ideas,add me to telegram ,so we can share more ideas around griding and marti,thanks.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
i still dont understand why u guys are talking about indcator and all? this EA opens buy and sell together,do u want this EA to open one bias only either buy or sell?

i advocate trend following trading also in using any EA,so yes indicator is needed to open first trade and only one bias.if it is positive then grids begins and if lossing ,then hedging or marti starts.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
I explained this in other post allready. It will be optional by setting, but in doing so the EA will be able to trade a tighter grid and add safety  instead of ongoing buy/sell cycle

--- 帖子 #95 ---
I've been adjusting a few things with the EA to fall in line with one of my own similar strategies, the results looks promising. However I need to work on reducing the drawdown and protect the balance if a drawdown occurs, since it's a bit high for my personal taste.

These test were made with live data between 01/01/2021 - 01/04/2021.

ROI: 234 % - Profit Factor: 26.91 - Drawdown: 40.78 %
Attached Image

In the second test I tried to reduce the drawdown (same risk used as in the above test and as in MaPi's original settings), however it impacted the ROI quite a lot compared to the first test, though it's still high.

ROI: 150 % - Profit Factor: 12.12 - Drawdown: 30.64 %
Attached Image

I know the details are vague at the moment, but I'll share more as I go along.

BR,

Mr. Bank

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Hi and welcome on board,

What kind of adjustments have you done for the first test?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #97 ---
would the EA be able to pick and manage a position open with a specific magicNumber, which would the first of the cycle?

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hi Fabio,

I never have tried this. But if the first order has the sane magic number than the on in the EA, it maybe could work...Have a try and let us know,

Cheers

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Price range setting function according to volatility using ATR.

Automatic lot management function (both to profit and to reduce risk).

I think these two are necessary.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
sir, can you guide me for using ATR AUTOMATIC LOT MANAGEMENT FUNCTION / sir , I am new

--- 帖子 #101 ---
The role of ATR as a normal method is to set the loss cut position.
Since the lot size is determined from the amount of funds for the loss cut position, the normal method cannot be used.
A possible method is to multiply the long ATR value by a certain coefficient.
You have to look for that factor with careful testing. To increase the lot of hedge positions like martingale.

Alternatively, the total lot size for the amount of funds can be calculated from the loss cut position used in this logic and subtracted.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Greetings @mapi,

It would be better to check for available margin before sending an order request , I did some stress test from Wednesday and my account was blocked due to a huge amount of requests to the server. NOTE: they were failed requests.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Hi, thanks for the hint.

In reality on my account I always was in alert mode when close or in MC, so I did not have this problem. Anyhow, will take it on our wish list, thanks for reporting.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Hi Mapi,

can you explain me why you open both buy and sell and not just one of the two positions? By opening both at the same time, you lose the possibility of going into profit already with the first position.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Hi, this is the logic on this version, it plays both cycles separately and ongoing. As you can see in earlier posts some like this more, others don't.

The beta version on my real account is not opening both cycles at the same time because of indicators are involved. On the wish list I will putca version where you can choose between both options...

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Hi Mapi,

Thanks for the EA. Could you please tell me on what criteria the EA closes the cycle? How take profit parameter is used?

Regards,

Vijai

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Hi Sir, thx a lot for your EA. I really appreciade. I am testing, so fari ts working well in Nonfarm condition on EU ;-)

I noticed that EA sometimes close one o more position and directly open a new one in the same directon. I understand his point of view...but

maybe it would be a nice feature: stay with a position of same lotsize;direction, if a open one is more closer then xx pips....

And another idea was, open the possibility to give different parameters like "gridsize"  for long and short seperated.. so you could take advantege from a trend with definable risk...

Hope i could explain myself,... again, thank you very much, have a great weekend everybody!!

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Good afternoon MaPi

I am testing the EA Ikarus on active US30 with 50 pips grid (5000) and 100 pips grid (10000) I would like to ask a question that seems pertinent to me.

EA Ikarus will place orders for sell limit and buy limit according to the size of the grid.

Why don't we have a system together, placing pending BUY STOP AND SELL STOP orders to take advantage of the direction the price is going?

The system would be the same ... thankful

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Happy Easter,

I will answer your post latest on Tuesday

Cheers

--- 帖子 #110 ---
what a bummer I`m not allowed to write about my favourite gridding system lol......

what I do have is a brilliant idea.....suppose you get to 8k, you take out 3k and you leave 5k.....its still not very nice to lose that kind of money is it???......why not have several accounts with 1k each and trade instruments on it, which are not correlated?....so get to 3k, take out 1k to pamper your girl, leave 1k and 1k to a new account and ready to roll again......brilliant if I say so myself.......

better to lose 1k than 2k or 5k or ?k........

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hi MaPi,

I am not realized how to do ACCOUNT RISK CONTROL in this EA.

I checked the mq4 file, the robot perform risk control at the beginning of Robot(), which depends on the condition:

if(((100-(100*account_risk))/100)*AccountBalance()>AccountEquity()) {

stopAll=1;

}

However, ((100-(100*account_risk))/100)*AccountBalance()>AccountEquity() is always

false, when account_risk=1.0. That is, Account Risk Control never take place.

Regards,

T.C. Liang

--- 帖子 #112 ---
hi Mr. Liang,

you are right, account risk control never takes place when account_risk=1.0....

this means at this setting, you are risking your whole account.......

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Did you check with their customer support helpdesk?

Most likely you have reached the maximum 200 orders limit for your account type.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #114 ---
To make Account Risk Control effective, the external variable account_risk should be set to 0.01 but 1.0, if you are not going to modify the source code of the EA to:

if(((100-account_risk)/100)*AccountBalance()>AccountEquity())

{

stopAll=1;

}

--- 帖子 #115 ---
The available margin was insufficient hence the endless loop of retries, the trades count was within the allowed count by the broker.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
great! hope you don't mind I put it for tick backtesting though it is not trustworthy

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Thank you for your reply, could you add a bool like

WaitForTrade

If true waits for a external trade to be open

False trades as per ea logic

--- 帖子 #118 ---
EA and set-file from the 1st post

EU 2015-2021

--- 帖子 #119 ---
I warmly welcome. Ea is very good. flashpaul Can you insert on the HK50 ?

--- 帖子 #120 ---
I will explain further after some more tests. I got my developer on it. In those tests there was no hedging going on, so what you see in my last post is all closed positions and no negative P/L hanging around.

It seems to survive most normal conditions through out the years, but have problems with situations like the impact of Corona. That’s where a ”safety net” has to be applied, e.g. begin hedging. The rest of 2020 showed a profit of approx 800 % (through backtest data), without any increase in lot size

BR,

Mr. Bank

--- 帖子 #121 ---
to get a lower DD, there is no need to go through long tests etc........you only need to lower your load and voila, lower DD and a better ROI than 150%......suppose you trade 0.04 lot per trade: to lower DD you start trading 0.03 lots instead......not only will your DD drop from around 40% to 30%, but your ROI goes up from 150% to 175%......so simple

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Hi, by setting a value in take_profit the EA will translate it to a amount of the acc currency and will start using trailing sl when reached, including swaps and comission.

You can check the amount via visual backtesting or demo trading in the left upper corner. The amount will be multiplied on the last volume when a cycle has more than one order.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
I will need to think how we could integrate into the improvement, thanks for your thoughts...

--- 帖子 #124 ---
We could implement the option that it will buy high and griding if place will go liw after it. So you can choose if you want to trade with or against the trend. But I woukd prefer doing so with market orders to keep it in the ligic of the EA.

So if we would eg implement Bollinger, you could choose, if a buy or sell cycle should start, when the upper bsnd is hit.

Have I got your request right?

--- 帖子 #125 ---
There are akways pro and cons for a action. I do like your oayout history, but it does not match my needs, due to my personal goal to build up some track record in one account.

All I say is when you try to make high performance, it is not a question IF but WHEN you hit a doomsday drawdown, so you need to implement a payout scheme ensuring you are not loosing the whole performance...cheers

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Hi, 1.0 means 100% will be at risk. If you want to get stoped out with e.g. 20% the setting will be 0.20...cheers

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Have it on my request list

--- 帖子 #128 ---
I have this on my list, in a way you can manually open the cycle in placing a trade via the EA

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Hi, would be interested to get some input on your changes either here or via pm so I can check if we can implement your ideas into the forum version.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Sure thing that a lower lot size would reduce the DD. But as you see in my post that you quoted I mention that these tests were made with the same risk as in MaPi's original settings, meaning 0.01 lots on a $1000 account. Not really possible to decrease the lot size more than the minimum in this scenario. However I could increase the account size to reduce the DD to even 1 %, but in the end it'll kind of ruin the purpose of such a system where high risk : high reward is the goal, not high risk : low reward. Regardless I think this type of trading style should always be considered as a fun "side business" beside a more stable trading style, but that doesn't mean you can't improve the sustainability of such a system, by taking other factors into consideration. However I don't see any bigger issues with doubling the account size for every 0.01 lot traded if neccessary, since the ROI will still be in the very high reward territory

BR,

Mr. Bank

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Hi Mapi

Very nice EA idea and trading strategy you have.

I am also running semi-auto trading EAs and similar strategy trading both (buy&sell) directions but using separate accounts for either buy or sell.

I think many people do not understand the trading strategy and the risks involved in grid trading systems and the use of martingale when averaging down.

It boils down to money management and managing risks. What I have not read in your posts so far is the duration of one cycle and the depth of the retracement of the market cycle that cause the drawdown. I know you have other controls in your preset parameters as described in Post#1.

Here is an article which I think is good read to have better understanding about
GRID AND MARTINGALE: WHAT ARE THEY AND HOW TO USE THEM?

Grid and martingale: what are they and how to use them? - MQL5 Articles

I read many members have suggested their preferences and add-on options. Going forward, we can discuss further the options to add to your first version 1.0.

Good job!

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Great work.

Can you add function for the EA to limit entry lots of other EA when x drawdown is reached in open trades of specified pairs?

This function can be handy.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Dear guys

Look at the screen I reply.

How are you going to takeprofit and partly take divides if the difference between ballance and real equity is SO big???

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Some things I will implement/change today or tomorrow, I will try to make it obvious where the code has been changed.

1. Grid size in points, not in pips (allows more accurate control)

2. Grid size depending on a fraction of the previous D1 candle (I would call it AutoGridSize)

3. Basket TP/SL functions:
a) TP/SL based on acount currency: e.g. close all on 5Euro win or 100Euro lossb) TP/SL based on basket %: e.g. close all on e.g. 2% win or 50% lossc) had another parameter that I forgot. Jeez, I am getting old (was it based on pips/points?)

But I would not like to have too many options though. KISS is the goal!

*******EDIT******

what about sharing this on github, before we mess around with zillions of different versions?

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Hi, its hard to coment thought I just see the graph and do not know more about your BT, e.g. which mode you have used and whst kind of spread was taken...cheers

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Hi, its hard to coment thought I just see the graph and do not know more about your BT, e.g. which mode you have used and whst kind of spread was taken...cheers

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Hi Mapi and thanks for your work!

Look, here are the base settings from your 1st post
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The spread is minimal:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No optimization. And on any period of time we have the same screen - diff between ballance and equity:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #138 ---
In  my beta I have a close € function, but a close % would be interesting. I am not familiar with github, pls remember, I am a trader, not a coder  Would like to make the improvements here, so everyone on forexfactory has access to it...cheers

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Thanks, pls try to set max_positions to 0, so it's not limited, my first guess is this us causing the equity DD...

I wonder why I see in the chart only a buy order but not a sell order...pls check this also...

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Hey,

I always wanted to get more involved in YouTube, so I wonder if I should produce some videos about my trading on real account. Do not expect me to be a YouTube pro, but due to my job I should have some presentation skills.

So if you interested please vote on the poll so I can find out, if this idea is worth a try, cheers...

--- 帖子 #141 ---
THANKS! GREAT BETTER!

--- 帖子 #142 ---
You are welcome!

--- 帖子 #143 ---
how accurate is this testing? Can you post a bit more détails?

for the record I volunteer to backtest 99.9% for any period of time in the past and post them here.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Sure! Ticks only, 99,9% always

I'll make some tests and post several pics here

--- 帖子 #145 ---
dm me your set file and the exact ex4 so I can test the right thing. Thanks

--- 帖子 #146 ---
As so many grid-trading EAs this one likes to crash in the corona months 02/03-2020. Find settings that survive these days... then you might be on the safe side. Though there are sometimes moments (like two weeks ago) that do not look that dangerous but due to lack of oscillation easily blow the account.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Highlighted: corona crash

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Change of settings: increased the number of open orders to 21. Now it "just" crashes from end of May to July 2020.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Here's how I test, I put 100k USD in the backtest, 0.2 spread (as per my ECN account), fixed 0.01 lot. What I look for is the maximal drawdown to know how much money this EA needs for a 0.01.

I test each year separately.

Default settings, no set file.

2018 to keep the account alive, i wouldve needed at least 2200$ with minimal profits:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2019 for an account of 200$, I would've made 622$:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2020 to keep the account alive in that year, you need just above 2400$ with about under 600$
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2021, not much to say so far about this year
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'll edit this post to add more years as they are done.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Hi Mtlguy,

the grid setting & take profit settings are different in the modified ea 2.01, than what they are in the op’s original version 2.0

You will get very different results depending on what the settings are...

--- 帖子 #150 ---
I am using the default of version 2.1

--- 帖子 #151 ---
That's normally my approach as well. Then start finetuning.

Anyway, I added the basket TP in the code and set it to 50 Euro. Noting that the EA got stuck between Hi/Lo in July 2020. Started with 10000 Euro, January 2019.

At least it survived with about 850 Euro max. DD.

Difficult though to simulate my trading rules: trade beween 5:00AM GMT and 15:00PM GMT. No overnight and no open trades over the weekend. Will see on demo account this week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Yes, I saw that in your strategy report. That’s why I mentioned it. The default settings in 2.0 are very different.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
What's the big difference?

--- 帖子 #154 ---
He tested it in different ways. It is imperative to add profit realization and time.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Yep. Out of my head the 5 3 8 3 0.34 settings in version 2.1 are the ones I traded when beeing active on this version in USDJPY. Most likely they poped up when the code have been updated here, AGAIN THX TO THE CODER!

The settings in 2.0 are more conservative with a bigger grid distance and take profit...

--- 帖子 #156 ---
If these are the best settings, they should be the default in your next version.

Do you use different settings for different pairs? Can we have a lit please so i can properly backtest

--- 帖子 #157 ---
First thankyou.
The logic you are using now starts when the Bollinger Bands are 3 and the Stochastic or RSI is 30/70.
Is the indicator starting only the "one" cycle of either sell or buy in the opposite direction to indicate overshoot?
I think it's a big difference, but it's a difference from what is being released now, isn't it?

--- 帖子 #158 ---
I am to experienced to believe in the best settings. There is no right and no false, there are only consequences is my guidline. But yes, those have been the last settings I traded on this version...

--- 帖子 #159 ---
I am trading at the moment with my beta 5/1/8/3/0.89

The first order in EU is opend when high/low is on/above 3 Std dev BB 20 and slow Stochastik is lower 30 or higher 70 on M5.

It's just the first order, the rest is handled like Ikarus 2.0. Main plus is I can use a higher setting for trailing (0.89) than without indicators. Also I can trade a higher starting volume due to overbought/oversold.

I will post my ideas for new version by end of week and will try to integrate some of the wishes I saw here. Then we need people to code it...Good night @ all...

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Hi Mapi, Trying this out on demo this week on GBP/USD, EUR/USD, AUD/USD, & USD/CAD on Default settings to watch the logic of the EA and see how she works. Later in the week, plan to play with the settings a little to try & gauge how much they impact performance & drawdown.

Thank you for sharing!

--- 帖子 #161 ---
my choice of word was bad.

i should have said better settings than best.

if you use the setting you mentionner above as you believe they are better, they should be the default in your next version. Just a suggestion so that users have better results right out of the box.

if not I would suggest you include a document that gives what are the better settings per pair. Thanks for considering this as best practice.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Hi Mapi

Impressive Method.

I've been grid trading myself using the "Slopey Peaky Bob" EA from Steve Hopwood Forex, but I think it's just too slow and the Drawdown extends for too much time, So I will start demo trading your EA.

Now, I Fully understand a higher ROI target comes with more Drawdown, but I really like your approach to the payout scheme as a means to limit risk.

Now, my question:

Is the "Account Risk" Setting at 1.0 your actual "Stop Loss" or do you have any other methods to limit your losses? I mean, does this simply mean that once you lose your 1K you just take the loss and start over, or do you have any other methods kicking in? You did mention manual trading, so can you please elaborate a bit more on that?

I also have another question regarding your payout scheme. under it, once you reach Step 3 or 4 (for example, from 3K to 8K) you STILL keep your lot size at 0.01 (as when you were in your 1K stage at 0,01), or o you scale it up to 0.03 as the new lot size base?

Thanks for the guidance

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Great idea, to make a video, MaPi.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Hello everyone. You can insert a set. HK50

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Thank you, for taking in my suggestion. I wrote a small ea that opens a position with a specific MN. So as long your ea will manage that position has the start of a new cycle It would be great and then stop once the cycle is closed.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hi MaPi!

I put the maximum drawdown into the expert.

If you will allow me, i will upload.

Regards, Yesi

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hi @all! I was watching the EA today on demo, just to see how it behaves. EURUSD, it was an interesting day, from low to high very sharp. But I did not understand what the EA did.

In the morning it openend buy/sell at the same moment --> okay

while the EURUSD was going down, it openend more (and only) buy orders according to my settings --> okay

when the EURUSD was reversing, at break even +30%win it started to trail (locked) --> okay

Instead of taking profit (when it went down a little bit) it started to open sell positions on this sharp rise. So I had many buy AND sell orders instead of e.g. one sell and many buys. Or vice versa.

Should I have clicked "stop on next cycle?" Is there a way to just have one cycle only at a time?

I hope I could express myself clearly, not easy to explain what I saw.

Anyway I see the potential in this EA.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
I will answer all new comments tomorrow, cheers...

--- 帖子 #169 ---
I have seen similar situation when I am testing several pairs live.

What I did was hit that "stop next cycle" button (it will change from green to yellow colour button)

then Close all Buy positions either by the yellow button or manually close in your terminal window.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Hi, good to have you here, thx for your questions!

Yes, the Account Risk function is your stop loss. Honestly I normaly have it on 1.0 so it is deactivated, that is one of the reasons I am using a pay out schedule. In theory you also can do a hedge when things are going wrong by using the manual buttons, but I just recomand this on a very good broker due to the fact the swaps will be charged on both sides and will cause a little realized loss every day.

Regarding the volume, I do not scale it on every 1K plus in the account. But if I have scaled it up and I make a payout, I will off course bring it back to a level accourding to my new equity.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Hi,

as said before, I don´t have experience, but out of my head I would be optimistic the EA can handle it. Please try by yourself and report back to us.

For the new function I am looking for the option of a manual start of the cycle, so then you could do what you are looking for straight from the EA. Cheers

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Good morning

There is no need to do so, it is allready in the code, I will update post 1.

When the EA is in Alert Yellow or Red the figures are showed on the left side of the chart. If there is a need to change max equity you can do this via global variable...Cheers Attached Image

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Hi, it is hard to comment due to the fact this could be linked to the broker (many brokers have differnet ways to create instruments) or the instrument you have been traded ( again, the EA is coded for FX, I personaly do not have any experience in using it in other markets).

So normaly it will start trailing when hitting the line showing your TP Setting and will colse the cycle when Trailing stop is hit.

Yes, there is a way to have one cycle at a time, just selct long or short only in the EA settings. For the new version I am looking for a funktcion where you can open a cycle manualy by hot buttons...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Hi, maybe you can make a video of the situation, please also show your settings, this could help me to understand what you are refering to, I did not experience such behaivor from the EA within more than 3 years of trading with it...Thanks and cheers

--- 帖子 #175 ---
"years ago I fall in love with grid trading" - OK friend, i will keep supporting cause we share the same love LOL.

To be honest, I have been trading 12 grids,10,5 and even 1 ( no grid ) with some small succeed, but your ideas ( trade both ways at the same time ) I always want to try, after Emanuel post in B3 thread many months ago.

Both your EA and personality is decent to follow, let that love never end, keep it up.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Welcome on board, Cool Buddy

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Thanks! (I can see very well who in this thread knows the B3 trader...)

That's what I did as well. "Stop next cycle" left one open trade, in the direction that was not locked before. I will try to watch the behaviour in slomo in the tester, maybe there is an easy way to implement "one cycle at a time", havin one position in one direction and various in the other direction. I could make a hard stop on $$$ or %%% profit, but I would like to take advantage of the trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Hello MaPi,

and many thanks for sharing freely this awesome EA. This is my first introduction to the grid trading concept and using the conservative settings recommended on EU, and UJ and watching how the EA worked was enlightening and profitable!

I am also surprised no one has mentioned using the "Rest & Realize Button". After you have an a imbalance in your Buys or Sells, where one side is larger than the other and in Profit, if it looks like it's going to continue in that direction, press the Rest & Realize button. The EA will protect your profit and continue to increase as the trade continues in the swing, using a trailing stop to lock in profits! Now you can forget about that currency, & look for a good opportunity to enter on another one.

One request or thing to add that I think would be useful is if a Button could be added so that a Trader can add a manual trade if they wanted & the EA would incorporate it into it's logic. I think this EA can be used as a great tool for a Trader if used wisely.

To everyone asking questions about how the EA works, instead of back testing it, run it live on Demo on 1m or 5m, and watch it work for one whole trading session. You will gain a very good understanding of just how neat this EA works and ways you can use it as a tool to improve your trading.

Thank you again MaPi.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #179 ---
What I noticed . EA earns the most when opening the market. Then you have to wait a long time for the next profits. Therefore, it is best to play the first two hours from the market opening and close the profit.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
will do as soon as possible

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Hi MaPi!

I use expert on mt4 tester, but the buttons can't be used here. Is there a solution for this?

Regards, Yesi

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Yes and no...

Like many grid traders, it earns most (fastest) in an oscillating environment. It hates long stable trends without reversals. This osciallation you saw might be more e.g. Monday/Tuesday between London open and NY open, just an example. But it would need profound statistical analysis over years to proof end evaluate.

And remember: Murphy is alive and shit happens. Black swans like to eat your statistics.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Hi, thanks for your question

No, in the tester only the automatic works, to check the buttons you need to do so on demo account...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hi ursinho, you absolutly nailed it...When trying to gain aggressive performance with a grid you always dance between doomsday drawdown and %heaven  On the market we call balck swans so, because they are super rare. So we should know they can show up, but not care to much because it is unlikely, they will do so...

But, as a warning, I personal saw a black swan 2 years ago... Cheers

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Friend MaPi, not wanting to abuse your goodwill, but could you or friend fxtrue create the Ikarus 2.1 of # post 30 in an MT5 version?

Grateful

--- 帖子 #186 ---
hello,

so i loaded the ea on eu m5, but there is no test on six of the buttons.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
The first account disappeared immediately.
It seems that it is necessary to prepare a large amount of funds, widen the entry interval, or increase the number of entries.

With the current settings, the start and end entries are only about 60 pips apart.
Is there a guideline for the amount of funds when starting 0.01 lots?

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Jeeeesussssssss !!!!!! I needed to ZOOM 5x to be able to read your msg !!!!!

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Hi fabio, as per the thread starters 1st page they only become available when a cycle has reached the maximum number of positions you put in max position settings (will turn yellow) & and also when the equity drawdown is higher than the % you put under equity warning.(will turn red).

--- 帖子 #190 ---
thanks sorry start reading that after i posted.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
No worries. I have had to go back and read & re-read that first page many times.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Hey,

I am trading on MT4 and do not have plans to change to MT5 soon.

But again, I am not able to code MQL, I am a trader and a gridlover. So if we have a coder here who wants to code Ikarus on MT5, you are welcome...

But I would suggest to wait a little bit here, please remember my goal with this thread is 1) to give back to this forum 2) to develop ideas and to improve the version with the support of coders within this forum.

I will post my first ideas for improvement on Friday...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Hey, you have to test those buttons on demoaccount. The alerts will be activated also in BT, but obv. you can not manual hit buttons in a backtest. The 6 buttons you have mentioned will only be activated in yellow and red alert (I have plans to change this in the new version).

Cheers

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Hi. This is highly linked to the account type you are using and the settings you are using. I posted the settings I was using before, but you never will here me say: Those are the best settings...Reason behind: Out of my experience you will only have a chance to trade this successful, when you run your own BT and find the settings which are matching you account type, your broker and your risk appetite.

Yep, EA is saving time when on trading, but believe me, you need to invest this time in Backtesting, Visual Backtesting and Fronttestig on a demoaccount...This will give you the starting point for earning money with such systems like Ikarus.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Thanks for your support  Cheers

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Ladies and Gents,

I thank you, I was quite sure I find some interest for this project here, but after 9 days being active in this thread you all make me super exited for the things we can do here...I try to answer as fast as possible, but sometimes I am busy with other things and sometimes I need some sleep, so if it takes me a while to answer please excuse me

Thanks for being part of this, I have the feeling together we can reach unknown highs for Ikarus...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Be careful friends, I d hate to see another friend lose his house because of grid trading.

My 2 cents :

add inputs for day of the week, hours and minutes, and optimize. Trust me, you "ll thank me if you do.

add 2 best MAs  and you trade the grid only when price is between(again, found through optimization) per pair, meaning that you wont be using the same for eusd and eujpy, etc. each its own params. each has its own BEST 2 MAs to trade between.

add x amount of seconds forward input for timed expiration (closing) of trade

switch to mt5 for the vastly superior optimization.

If you do all that, you might just lose your car, joking ! Cheers all and good luck and work hard!

Good luck

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Well said!

I use a very similiar own EA in combination with a dashboard. Semi-automatic eveything. Using a global variable (in MT4 it is difficult to control other EAs by an EA) to allow/forbid trading. Adjust the grids manually depending on the changing situation (Fibo lines).

Green pips and stay healthy!

--- 帖子 #199 ---
i put it on my demo account, but it is doing nothing, any problem, eurusd pair. with defaults. ver 2.1. Thanks mappi, you are amazing guy.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Hi, is the smiley on upper right corner happy or sad?

--- 帖子 #201 ---
its smily face, now i added original after resetting all parameters, now its working on demo.

As i backtest it on last year data, eurusd pair, with 1000 balance and initial lot 0.01, account become zero, and also about one month showing no any trades. is there any good setting, to earn 10% in month with account blown protection. of above mentioned account balance. without any manual inturption ?

thanks for response dear.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Typical grid trader behaviour. It likes to push, widen the grid and then oscillating inbetween doing nothing. You can try to adjust some TP/SL manually to get it back. Or just close all and start from zero.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
What I noticed ? It's good to play by reversing the signals. The robot loses a lot after about 3-4 hours after opening London. At the beginning, he only earns money in the first hour. Then it's not colorful anymore. I have been on the stock exchange for over 10 years. So I lost a little and made money.

Robot never ends the day with a profit.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
I am worried about the drawdown that occurs during long-term operation on a yearly basis.

The results of the backtests don't seem to solve it until the funds run out.

To see the opinion that I can make the most money in a few hours after entry, I will try to close all positions in time or close all positions at the timing of daily update.

Also, I'm thinking of using a nano / micro account to secure the amount of funds.

There seems to be an error in the price range calculation when it works.

Isn't it the same phenomenon?

--- 帖子 #205 ---
I am thinking if it is possible we can develop a script that based on ATR or similar indicators to give a better suggestion of grid_size setup for a specific currency pair?

--- 帖子 #206 ---
New build EA was using void OnTick() instead of int start(), I upload v2.2 as a minor change version. Hope we can improve this EA together. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Thank fx1079

Excuse me for ignorance, but in practice what changes?

I ask because I'm testing US30 on VPS

grateful for the attention

--- 帖子 #208 ---
US30, now 33600 ??

i think it deserves special attention nowadays! for TP of at least 4000 pips??

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Preparing

The sharks are holding on.

2000 pips will fall

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Actually no change for core of the EA from v2.1, I only change the function int start() to procedure void OnTick(). If you do compile v2.0/v2.1 code yourself and attach it on mt4 chart, then you'll be realize the mt4 refuse to load the EA because of the EA have to use void OnTick() procedure to start not int start() function. I hope this make you clear.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Test result from 01-january 21 to april 21, please suggest any parameter changes to reduce drawdawn.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
i am s=using cent account ,its safer for this kind of trading,i use standard account only for manual trades,marti and grids and all funky stuff should be done on cent account unless you have 10,000us dollar account.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Hey friends,

I hope you are doing fine. As promised, I will give you my ideas for the improvements of the EA. I told you I am trading on a beta with the possibility of opening buy/sell cycles with indicators. This version seems to me much more stable and safer than letting the EA open ongoing cycles once they have been closed.

So, for the first new version I would update the EA with you together to the version I am using on my account plus some features which I expect to be a great help in trading the grid.

I will update post 1 with Icarus 2.2 which was cleaned up by fxtrue and fx1079 (thanks again for your work), I only will change back the name of the settings to the original ones I referred in post 1 so there will be no confusion. So, all improvement should be done with Ikarus2.2 as source.

Let me start with an overview on possible changes, I will post them again one by one with more details so everybody can quote the relevant writing when needed. First order of a cycle can be triggered by Bollinger Bands, Stochastic and/or RSI Manual mode where all orders can be opened via hot buttons. Additional Function Grid Size can be calculated by ATR. Unbalanced mode can be combined with indicator cycle start.

We do have some request on trading with and against the trend and operating times for the EA, CoG and Daily target, but personal I think we can discuss those later after we made the first improvements.

MQL4 CODERS, WE NEED YOU NOW!

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Indicator Mode

Please bring Bollinger Bands, Stochastic and RSI into the EA so the first order of a cycle can be triggered by them, the rest of the cycle’s orders should be handled like in the original version. For this feature we need some new settings in the EA: Use_Indicators: false / true Invert_Indicators: false / true (so e.g. with "false" it will be triggered when outside BB, with "true" it needs to be inside BBS) Use_BB: false / true BB_Period: BB_Deviation: BB_Shift: BB_Mode: 0 = bid/ask 1: High/Low (what is crossing BB) Use_Stoch: false / true Stoch_K: Stoch_D: Stoch_Slowing Stoch_Shift Stoch_Lower: Stoch_Upper: Use_RSI: false / true RSI_Period: RSI_Shift: RSI_Lower: RSI_Upper:

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Manual mode via the hot buttons

Entering "0" on Max_Position should activate yellow alert and the hot buttons without opening any position by the EA (at the moment this setting deactivates Max_Positions).

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Grid_Size will be calculated by ATR:

Therefore, we need 3 new settings: Use_ATR: false / true (true deactivates setting grid_size) ATR_Period: ATR_Multiplier:

ATR calculation should be the same for one ongoing buy or sell cycle and only be recalculated when a new cycle is opened, so we can exclude grid size is getting smaller in the same cycle, when ATR is getting smaller. Entering a value different the "0" in grid_size should work like in the original code.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Unbalance_Control

In my beta version unbalanced mode is deactivating indicator use, so the EA will ongoing open new cycles. It would be very nice if a coder could take care of this mode will work with cycles triggered by indicators.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Hi and thanks for your input.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hi, please explain in detail, what kind of error in the price calculation you are referring to? Cheer

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Hi, lowering the min_volume from 0.2 to 0.1 should help

Please understand my goal is not to spend times on settings of the old version, but to improve the version first. When this is done we can discuss settings off course...Cheers

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Welcome on board,

I do trade on a standard account, but you are absolutely right, if you are a starter or your priority is safety a Nano Account is the place to trade those kind of strategies...Cheers

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Can you add an addiction to this EA please.İt is to start first order according to the center of gravity indicator.We can add some options like that;

Open first order in order to Center of Gravity;true or false (İt will open first sell order on high line of indicator and open first buy order on low line of indicator)

--- 帖子 #223 ---
When making changes to your ea, check out labouchere and reverse labouchere (for the volume).

I personally have had greater successes with that than with what you are using now, at least for most strategies I have that have significantly higher return/drawdown with volume progression.

Who know ?!

Cheers all! Love to see good team players in action!!

P.S but it all depends on the strategy used for entries. And It wont help an already losing strategy. So you need to figure out better entries first.

AND of course, as you know, if you continue with your regular withdrawals idea, never stop calculating and making sure the wins on successful deposits can cover the losses on failed ones.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Hi and welcome, thats sounds interesting to me, I will check it out, thanks...

Edit: ok, sounds cool, but how should we integrate it into the EA, due to the fact it will not close a single trade nor a cycle in minus when you do not use SL function?

How would the volume progression look like in the EA, can you make an example please? Thanks...

--- 帖子 #225 ---
I like COG, too, but let's start with Bollinger where I know it will be a great plus for the EA. COG could be an alternative for BBs if we find someone to code it...cheers

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Good afternoon As I said here, I only work with US30. I make my manual entries, placing pending orders looking only at the maximum and minimum of the day at 16:00 (BROKER). I place a BUY STOP above the high and a SELL STOP below the low at that time. (They are very good entries) I would just like EA Ikarus to manage my entries after they are triggered. Grateful

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Hey, you could do this via manual mode when a Coder has implemented this function, but you would need to do this by yourself.

Icarus will use market orders, so we can control spread on Position opening...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #228 ---
That's what I want. I will place the orders myself manually. Grateful

--- 帖子 #229 ---
I'm sorry this chart is in the middle of the strategy.
The grid size is set to 5, but I think the width is narrow.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
i want to try this ea on live, anyone can advise me remote server how it works and how to monitor it there.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
It would be nice if you could add a max daily profit. Thanks for sharing the EA.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Looks good to my, no error, the distance is multiplied with Fibonacci figures due to the setting gs_progression = 3...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Hi, I am using Host Europe, 15 € month, have access on all PCs and on my mobile...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Hi MaPI,

Thanks for sharing EA.

Just a question , for now, how is triggered the first grid trade , I don't find any indicator in source code ...

--- 帖子 #235 ---
The original version has no indicator, so a new cycle opens after the last was closed. I hope to find some coders here who implement those improvements I posted today...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #236 ---
I have just started testing on a 1,000 demo account, so far i'm up 1.7% after two days trading.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
now the time of 1st quarter Earnings announcements!!

todat new highs are recorderd for many shares!

next week will be the "big party"

I guess that!

--- 帖子 #238 ---
First, read up somewhere how labouchere works if you havent, and come back here.

So to use Labouchere when no cycle ends in loss, you just have to redefine what is a loss. In this case, it cant be when we go minus, because as we know, it never does.

Lets say that a loss is when a cycles profit is below a certain amount.

For example, using the sequence of 1,2,3,4,6 (this should also be in your optimization inputs, and remember it does not need to be sequential):

1+6, so Bought 7 lots

Cycle ends with 0.3% in profit = and we decided that 0.3% considered a loss, so next cycle our sequence has become 1,2,3,4,6,7.  We take 1st and last again(1+7) because its a "loss" , and so next cycle we trade 8 lots.

Then, lets say next cycle we make 2.5% and that is considered a win, then we take off 1 and 7, which leaves us with 2,3,4,6, and trade the amount of the next two outer numbers (2+6 = 8 lots), for the next cycle. and so on.

When there are no more numbers, we just start again, with the original numbers.

Sorry for the sloppy explanation, cant review right now... had too much to type today...

so in optimization input we should also have cycle profit levels for labouchere of course

P.S

On another note, and lets not talk about this more, but for me, personally, the first thing I would work on in this ea, would be to accept Loss of some kind... It is necessary, eventually. At least for good enough return/dd ratio on the long term...  Market changes regularly in a way that without loss control, the return/dd ratio will always be awful. And that means finding the best way for a given strategy to actually accept a loss when these major market changes happen ; it is a necessity, in my experience, not an option. Withdrawing amounts regularly wont change that the busted accounts losses, no matter the withdrawals, will always make a poor return/dd overall.

But I prefer to give you, this team and your ea s hidden potential, the benefit of the doubt!

Thats one of the things I would change in this ea. Market changes as you know. An accepted Loss of some kind is necessary, eventually. At least for good enough return/dd ratio...

But Ill give your ea s hidden potential the benefit of the doubt.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Thank you, highly appreciate your input on both topics...Will need some time to think how we can integrate this into the EA...Great knowledge, thanks!

--- 帖子 #240 ---
What TF reccomment?

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Hi, pls read post 1  No time frame needed...

--- 帖子 #242 ---
falanca,

I just modified Icarus 2.2 so that it can open the first order of a BUY/SELL cycle according to COG indicator.

To use indicators, we have to decide what the time frame is, I set the default value of time frame to 0, which means using the current time frame.  One can change the default to 5,  15, 60, 240. ..., to represent other time frame.  If the default value is used, you have to run the EA on the right time frame you wish it to be.
I try COG first because it is relative simple.  When Ask < sql (Low green line) we enter the first BUY order of a BUY cycle; as Bid > sqh (high green line) we enter the first SELL order of a SELL cycle.

To others indicators, I have to know whether they are applied all or separated.  Also, I need to know the time frame preferred and under what conditions we are going put a first buy/sell order.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Thank you for sharing this sir. Since there are many Center of Gravity indicators, would you mind uploading which one you are using for Icarus 2.2?

Thank you again.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi, cool you joined the project!

The other indicators should be separated, look in post 213 and following, everyone should have a "use" setting.

For Bollinger there should be an option, a) high/low crossing b) bid/ask crossing or touching the bands.

For RSI and Stochastik the condition will be over (e.g. 70) and under (e.g. 30). Timeframe is the current chart, alternatively you give them an option like you did with cog.

The COG versions I know do have many option for settings, so please add them or upload the one you put in the code.

Thanks for your support, highly appreciated

--- 帖子 #245 ---
If one does not want to use indicator for entry, I would use, at the very least,  a simple    tick 0 > tick 1 = BUY    tick 0 < tick 1 =  SELL

And I know for a fact that at specific hours of specific days this simple entry alone is much better than random entries or both direction entries, as ridiculous as that sounds....

On another note, sorry if I have mentioned it. A big positive difference right from the start would be filters for entries at given minutes, hours, days of the week... Also expiration time(closing) in minutes options would change it for the better for certain approaches.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Trailing stop modification also creates a load on the server. Like spread allowance there should be trailing stop allowance to facilitate smooth acceptance by the server.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
I have added atr indicator to EA for grid size

and also COG

Unfortunately, COG repaints a lot, for me it's not so good.

It's evident all have to be optimized.

For atr, begin optimization by multipler = 0.1

I hope it will help !

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Thx a lot, I would love to see Bollinger instead of CoG, they do not repaint and from my Beta I know they will bring good things to the EA.

Will check your version and come back with my thoughts!

--- 帖子 #249 ---
We will care for operating times for sure going forward...cheers

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Thx for the hint, I will keep this and MC in my head so we can implement when a version us going in the right direction

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Guys, thanks for showing interest on some videos on youtube. Give me 1-2 weeks to set up a channel and make some planing and then I will start, will be my first YouTube channel

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Thanks for your responce. Attached Image
İ hope this screen will be enough to clarify what ı mean.TF will dependent on what TF you use the EA

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Yes it's true BB is very better I am just trying now with outside trigger it's not bad !

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Why EA is working so slow on backtest

--- 帖子 #255 ---
TeChaoLiang we can allow two cycles together as if on original EA or just one to complete on target profit

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Eitherly ı couldnt see your coded EA on forum.Picture shows that options are seemingly more than enough for me

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Hi Falanca,

EA is very slow because it have to manage COG with a lot of bar to calculate at every tick (added to the Ea managment)

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Use OnTimer instead of OnTick

then you can set timer at 1 second or 2 second or even 1000 seconds.

this filters a lot of intra-candles ticks

OnTick, may be good only to calculate special pair P/L only.

you know-- it is a merit-of-order issue!!! no correct/wrong opinions here.

or you can use OnTick but with counter--for example calculate each 5 ticks ..

--- 帖子 #259 ---
I use iCustom() function to get the value from Center of Gravity.ex4, which should be ready in MQL4\indicators\ in advance.

I made the modification of Icarus_2.2 on the void Robot() parts:

// BUYS==0  as well as // SELLS==0.

Two simple bool function to decide Buy/ Sell using CoG is attached at the end of original code of Icarus_2.2.

mq4 and ex4 files are attached as follows.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
My Center of Gravity look like as attached. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Sorry me ı couldnt understand how EA uses COG indi.İt only makes one way trade

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Can you create EA like that in order to describe it.Becouse ı know you are a genious becouse of your own EA.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
As BB trigger I would love to have to options, High => BB and Bid => BB

When we combine this with Stochastik and or RSI Filter it will make a positiv diverence (see post 213 and following)...

If you could code them in I would run a check begin of next week

Thanks so much for this!

--- 帖子 #264 ---
It can make two-way trade, but at beginning it always only one way cycle can be initialed because CoG won't give two-way signal at the same time.

I just put a decision whether or not using CoG to open the first order of each cycle.  If CoG is not used, the EA will open two-way trade as usual.  However, if CoG is used, it has to wait CoG buy/sell condition to be reached to open the first order of some way.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
it is very simple:

if you use OnTimer,

you can set any seconds instrad of 2 seconds in code below

so each update will be each 2 seconds instrad of each tick.
even if there is no ticks, update will be each two seconds
Attached Image

while if you prefer OnTick with counter: also it is very simple (no genuity here) :

f

--- 帖子 #266 ---
sorry MaPi:

look how it is simple:
Attached Image
h

--- 帖子 #267 ---
and you may add this line just to curb ticker from reaching big nymbers--not necessary:
Attached Image

f

--- 帖子 #268 ---
The EA uses CoG just via two boolean functions as fallows.

bool CoG_Buy(int tf) {

double cog_sql = iCustom(Symbol(), tf, "Center of Gravity.ex4", 2, 0);

if (Ask < cog_sql) return( true );

else return ( false );

return (false);

}

bool CoG_Sell(int tf) {

double cog_sqh = iCustom(Symbol(), tf, "Center of Gravity.ex4", 1, 0);

if (Bid > cog_sqh) return( true );

else return ( false );

return (false);

}

As CoG_Buy() returns true, we buy.  As CoG_Sell() returns true, we sell.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Gentle sirs, I am looking that you are trying to improve your EA by adding indicators.

Well, I am getting good results without indicators but leaving it working on times of less volatility o disorder volatility.

Because I have seen that the EA does open two trades, one goes to profit e other needs to be recovered.

For avoiding too much exposition we need a situation in which the price does come back quickly to close the second trade.

In US30 (Dow Jones)  this happens during the time 13:00/16:00

In time 16:30/17:30 there is much movement up and down.

With strict gride size e tp it is possible to gain quick and to close all after one or two circles.

For this reason, I am again here to ask, if possible, to add a start time option.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Please ignore If this has been said already or taken in consideration...

lets not forget that in certain conditions, the main profits come when trading against the price direction, not with. its often not true that an indicator indicating up means its better to buy; it is actually often the opposite in grid trading with some negative progression like this little guy right here.

Just adding reverse options would take care of that, well at least give us the clearer picture when optimizing

--- 帖子 #271 ---
@falanca,

If you use CoG together with Icarus, it is difficult to see both cycle exists. It is if a buy cycle (for instance) is initiated, there is definite no sell cycle until the CoG sell condition is reached. However, when the sell condition is finally reached, perhaps your buy orders are all closed due to end of profit. That is, it has to wait another buy signal from CoG to initialize another buy cycle. That is why you always see one way cycle.

If you like to see two-way cycles both exist, maybe you should set the take profit larger than the CoG range. That will cause the buy cycle won't end of profit before a sell cycle is initiated.

Or, if you want CoG just to open the very first cycle (buy/sell), after the first cycle is initiated, the EA will go back to normal working, that is, initiate an opposite cycle simultaneously and then any new buy/sell cycle won't according to CoG to be initiated, just as we run an original Icarus. If that is you want, I have to re-code the EA for you.

Attached is use CoG only for the first time to initiate a first cycle.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
The big problem with all topics here at the forex factory is this: People want a cash machine, they want an EA (expert) who doesn't have a single day at a loss.

As I said ... I work with US30, and I have done all the calculations of how much I have to have in an account to support 1000 pips in a row in a straight line for just one side.

I've done the calculations of how much I need to have in the account, because that's what matters, if you're using the 1,2 or 3 grid progression.

I've also done all the calculations using batch progression 1,2 or 3.

Grade 50 pips, grade 100 pips?

$ 1 or $ 2 profit ... or just $ 0.50

There's no point in staying here with deductions ... I put the ikarus on M5 and I've been watching it all week.

How many here truly know how Ikarus works?

In a little while the topic is on page 1000 and no one is posting results. Do we need a lot of possibilities on ikarus?

See the friend flashpaul in # post 269, it gives us a possibility of the way ikarus is.

Ikarus has an extraordinary defense ... we don't need a lot of allegories ... we just need to test ... 01 successful operation a day is enough. If we don't win in the direction we choose, we will win in defense.

Thank you and good weekend to everyone.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
waht setting is this? hedge?

im using cheapvps.com 6euro per month and i have no issues with it.

IMHO its good to use MTF halftrend indicator because BB is not realiable unless u use deviation 2 or so .

--- 帖子 #274 ---
could you please try to find the proper time entry for US30?

the possible peak moment?

there are many possibilities-- one of them that may be "is very cler chance" if the next week open with a higher gap? i guess in this case it will be a good entry at proper time?? imagine it please

can you give us other psoibilties! ?

i make on friday end pending order at 34,000 ?? SELLLIMIT

i make lot-design so that: if markets goes against me, margin call will happen at 36,500

that mean if market goes in my direction i will get 100% profit at 31,500

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Speaking of manual orders, I am thinking the same thing; SELL LIMIT at 33.990

What I'm talking about here is the Expert Ikarus ...

As it is, I would just need him to manage my manual entries and nothing else.

A hug, and looking at the US30 this week.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Hello again  I know how the EA works

Again, my personal goal was 1) giving back 2) Improvements for EA...This is smartest forum I know for this, so yes, there will be a lot of writing...I will try to keep track of the different versions, and once we have one which is good I will attache it to post 1 and then we can start fine tuning it...My minimal criterias for this are shown in post 213 and following, so far we have a first version with Bollinger and ATR grid calculation and some CoG approaches (will be intereting to see if this works better than BBs).

Also we have some very good input about checking margin calls and trailing to not flood the server and operation times. I am not a coder, but from my point of view we should first focus on functionality before we fine tune those things, correct me if I am wrong here...

So let´s wait some days for the different approaches from the forum, I am optimistic this will lead to good results.

And don´t be worried, a new version will always have the option to trade without indicators if you don´t want them

Cheers

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Timing is the key to trading.

By practising , you will gain insights into the kind of gap trading you are talking about.

It is like by having a fitness regime, you convert into a habit. And trading will become effortless if you reach that stage. For that, you have to specialise with 1 or 2 symbols and not look for wins all the time. 70% win and 30% loss is good enough for a decent Profit Factor.

People are impatient and keep shifting to different systems and strategies.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Keltner +Bollinger + ATR is a good combination.

Volume from Futures CFD + ATR is another good combination.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Hi Macd-rsi,

Thank you , yes,we could do like this, I have used Timer many times, but here , I am using iCustom in EA and I don't want to modify COG indicator.

On my EA modification, COG works on EA's Period (_Period in iCustom) after, I am using breakout of low/high green lines , maybe I am wrong...

When I look on visual backtest, COG changes at every tick, it's normal because it calculates from 0 to x bars...

but if we look on history an entry point e.g below low green line: at time[0], maybe it was over middle or maybe over green top line.

It's the same problem with TMA bands....

But maybe is there a way to use it better than me , lol, some traders use it with very good results...

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Ok MaPi for this option,

I have two questions about it:

- For inside trigger is it like this ?

mode High : if High of candle >= high BB band, buy is triggered

mode Bid : if Bid >= high BB band, buy is triggered

(if we use candle[0], the 2 modes are equal...)

- Is it used also for outside trigger or not ? or do we use only  breakout (Close > high BB band and Open < high BB band)

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Hi forex1x8, I'm a great fan of your US30 open strategy!

Here is an Ikarus version wich allows to manually place pending stop or limit orders (like in your strategy) and Ikarus will manage them.

Please test on demo first

(MPO stands for manually placed Orders)

Set this option to true and Ikarus will not do any entry orders, only manage existing ones :

Attached Image

But be aware that magic is forced to 0 so Ikarus will then manage all manually placed orders on the account. (only if that option is set)

Attached File(s)   Ikarus_2.2_atr_BB_MPO.mq4

241 KB
|
507 downloads

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Hello,

On Mode candle high/low the EA would trigger also orders inside the bands, when e.g:

A) within the same candle a second cycle is opened, the high is on/above bb but current price is within bb

B) high is on/above bb, but other indicator e g. Stochastik is under 70, on same candle current price moves under BB (high is still above) and stochastic is 》70

On Mode bid/ask there will be no trading within the bands

Hope this was clear, if not I will make a graph!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Hello, good to have you here. Why don't we solve this like it was requested by enabling hot keys and yellow alert with input max_position = 0?

Cheers?

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hi TeChaoLiang

Thank you very much for your script , I was using breakout mode (close < cog_sqh and open> cog_sqh) maybe it was the reason why back test was not good

I will try to backtest again

Thanks

--- 帖子 #285 ---
That is a pretty good idea, but, but this way Ikarus will not grid trade your initial manual entry, you need to manually place all of them.

My thought was that we manually place the initial entry and use Ikarus to recover them gridwise if needed.

Maybe we need both ways? All manual and manual-entry. (if I understood correctly)

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Valid point!

If I would use hot buttons and want the EA to continue I would just change setting to e.g. 6 so it will go on...but maybe you are right, need some coffee

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Ok

I understand very quickly but I need long explaination... lol

Ok for High/Low

For Bid :

like it's used only in outside mode

Bid> higher band --> buy

Bid< lower band--> sell

is it ok like this ?

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Nope,

HIGH =》 UPPER BAND = SELL

LOW =《 LOWER BAND = BUY

BID =》UPPER BAND = SELL

ASK =《 LOWER BAND = BUY

--- 帖子 #289 ---
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FRIEND.

THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR YOUR ATTENTION.

What did you mean? "But be aware that magic is forced to 0 so Ikarus will then manage all manually placed orders on the account. (Only if that option is set) "

I will be testing on a DEMO account as soon as the market opens, any questions we are talking about.

Stay in peace and an excellent Sunday

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Like this mode is inside ? No ?

I understand like this:

mode inside : when candle arrives to a band from inside BB , we expect it will come back inside BB

mode outside : when candle arrives to a band from inside BB , we expect it will continue outside BB

i am wrong ?

--- 帖子 #291 ---
It just means if you manually trade US30 in another tab alongside the EA on the very same FX account, Ikarus will pick them up and manage them even if you don't run the EA in that tab.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
thanks only one operation at a time

--- 帖子 #293 ---
At the moment we are just contratrading

So on upper we will go always short and on lower BB always long

--- 帖子 #294 ---
This is EA with indicators: Atr, Rsi,Stochastic,BB with also COG modified like the script our friend TeChaoLang and added COG_timeframe option.

I have set bb parameters like you expected

I hope all is good

Have a good sunday

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Edit: It seems that this version will only sell but not buy when Bollingers are activated

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Excellently put simnz ! The habit of trading. nice !

But oh boy regarding win ratio, not many would like to trade my strategies, most having only around 40% win ! most importantly they have steady return/drawdown perfect for my needs.

I have to say, thank you all and Mapi, for keeping this thread so friendly. Its a breath of fresh air !

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Eu entendi que abrindo uma 2ª ordem manualmente o Ikarus vai fazer a administração. mas essa administração vai ser um 2º ciclo ou vai fazer parte do 1º ciclo da 1ª entrada que fiz?

Eu tenho que conversar com você no privado, para não fazer do tópico,  uma sala de bate papo.
forex1x8@gmail.com

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Holla, Unfortunatly my spain sucks, English and German would be great  Greetz

--- 帖子 #299 ---
I run Back Test of Ikarus or Icatus EAs week by week on the currency pair AUDUSD, most of weeks, they work fine. However, there is a devil week, 2021.3.22 - 2021.3.26, Grip trading destroyed my account quickly. Because in this week, there was a trend of short, when trade with Grid, the buy orders will destroy the account. However, the account could be kept safe, if I run Icarus_2.2_COG.mq4. Although it won't so profitable like others.

I set up min_lots 0.5, grid_size 15, gs_progression 0, progression 1, account_risk 1.0, take_profit 20, profit_lock 0.8 to run back tests.

All EAs except Icarus_2.2_COG.mq4 will open a two-way cycle at beginning. when a trend of short happens, the buy cycle will destroy the account.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Sorry I don't know spanish.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Its normal, thats why we need a combination of strategies for this to be worthwhile on the long term. trend strat and/or " open position when in profit" type of strats..., to put it in the simplest terms.

Or really only trade specific zones (time, days, or in between 2Mas of different TF and params) found through optimization, different for every pair.... like I mentioned in a previous post.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Some feedbacks:

I/ Result forward testing 3 days on demo ( intentionally choose the entry ) up 10% with drawdown ~ 7%.

1) Picture 1 (EU), default setting, still doing nothing because of the big grid size.

2) Picture 2 (GU), default setting, it's doing good because of right entry and acceptable grid, SELL REMAINS UNCHANGE, WHILE BUY KEEPS ADDING ON,

3) Picture 3 (AU), adjusted setting, it's doing good for just haft day trading, SELL ADDS ON, BUY ADDS ON.

Conclusion:

a) Right now it seem to me a good gambling EA, keep both directions profit while DR is quite ok, but lack control, may earn fast and BOOM fast.

b) Listen to mtako: Add inputs for day of the week, hours and minutes ( You can check your very own manually strategy bases on your own entry at certain point ).

c) Trust ursinho4711 advice: It hates long stable trends without reversals, if you can not control the grid of each market, you are out of the game.

I see many experience auto/semi auto trader here, hope to learn more.

--- 帖子 #303 ---
what return exactly people are expecting from the EA?

if i say its should give 6 to 8% gross minus 2-3% charges (swap+commission+vps)

net 4-5% per month.

is this okay?

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Yes I have find an issue in bb function

Maybe it's better now

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Thanks for your responces but ı again couldnt understand the function of COG indi again on your coded EA.İ tought like that;On crossing upper line it will give sell order and if prices go up it will give orders like on ikarus EA logic till the target profit.This will be sell cycle.We can start buy cycle while going on the sell cycle at the same time when prices cross down lower line of COG.Or we can use one cycle till it was completed and wait for new cycle alert according to COG indi.I hope this time ı could tell you what ı ment.My aim is to use ikarus logic on little grid steps.

And also ı will have a request from you. İf you accept can you add only a pip filtration option to my own either EA with COG indi.By the way you may  see perhaps what ı mean

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Bank of America gives %0.25 per year ha.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
is opening 4 orders at the same time

0.01

0.01

0.02

0.03

all at the same time

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Hi Team

is it possible to have option to auto close the cycle and running trades upon reaching certain % of equity say 10%

--- 帖子 #310 ---
I wasn't able to test properly in the weekend, since markets were closed. I will have a look and get back to you.

Same happend to mine now when I tested.

Edit :

Grid size of 20 (default setting) on the US30 is extremely small and will opens all 4 levels at once. should be 20000 or similar.

Ikarus will behave normally after your stop order is triggered.

If you don't want it to gridtrade after stop order has triggered, just use a huge grid size or set Max trades to 0 (not tested).

--- 帖子 #311 ---
I have had it open 6 trades with a 40 grid on GBPUSD picking there must be an error in coding

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Bollinger Band is a bad indi for a EA. When you go in trend BB give you always signal in counter trend.

Better is to use a trend following and momentum indicators (Step Ehlers Optimal Tracking Filter and CoppocK curve: edit by MrTools or others).

In the inversion pattern often you will have a contrary order. The EA should hedge with opposit orders this position and close it as soon as possibile (i.e. when reach a positiv equitya small loss).

In the following exaple the EA in GU H1 need 4 months in 2018 before to close an open sells with a bad equity with a buy again open all without considering the cost of the swap or the possibility, if the losing position is closed beforehand, to make several other operations in the meantime.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Hi, nice to meet you.

You can stop out if you want with the account_risk setting, manual or with another EA like equity sentry.

I do not understand why Bollingers should not be a good indicator, due to the fact the EA is trading against the trend.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Hi, if you want to have an answer than you should give more informatuions (e.g. settings used)...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Hi

1) I have 3 EAs running and I trade also manualy. My brain is focused only on manually trade. The EAs MUST running alone because they have its logic above all if you trade many pairs like me for diversifying the risk.

2) "due to the fact the EA is trading against the trend". In my opinion this is not logic. Why I have to go aginst the trend if is with the trend that I earn?. But is only my opinion.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Both of you are right. Depends on many factors. Thats why, if indicators are used, we need, at the very least, multi TF and reversal options. Cheers all!

--- 帖子 #318 ---
I didn't change the Grip trading logic of ICarus, CoG indicator is only used to determine when to initiate a Grip trading cycle or cycles. I had uploaded two versions, Icarus_2.2_COG and Icarus_2.2_COG_once. The former will wait for CoG signal to initiate a new cycle, buy as well as sell. You are hardly to see both cycles exists when running the former. The later only use COG to initiate the very first cycle (buy or sell), then initiate another opposite cycle simultaneously. You can see both buy and sell orders are opened.

If you see both buy and sell orders opened simultaneously and you were not running Icarus_2.2_COG_once, the only reason to explain is: You have a buy (for example) cycle, but no sell cycle. When the last buy order of the buy cycle reached its SL, instead of closed the order, Icarus will open another additional buy order with lots progressively. Also, just at this moment, CoG give a signal to initiate the sell cycle. If it is this case, you can check the lots of two opposite orders, they should different if your progressive value is not set to 0.

It seems to me that you want to use CoG to determine an appropriate grip size, it also can be done but it is another story. You have to tell me how to calculate your grip size from distances between CoG lines.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Today with the first version of Ikarus on HK50.

Others days always on gain.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
i see every one is struggling with the settings, then try these settings and see and share your feedback, i find it very steadier, as manual trade demands alot of time  and its fun exploring always.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Hello true, but can u add Envelopes, that does not repaint

thanks

--- 帖子 #322 ---
could you please share the EA as well. I am not able to find this version.(Ikarus_2.2_atr_BB_rsi_sto_02)

--- 帖子 #323 ---
İ appreciate İkarus EA becouse of its trailing style.We can use different lot sizing when prices goes resistantly on one way.İ mean that;When prices had gone lower and lower and ikarus openned for example 0.06 lots buy order,then next sell order will start as half of the last openned inverse order.İt is an idea.Hope someone will respond and code this idea.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
i think im missing a point,what does grid means? i thought grid means it iwll add on to profitable trades also,but i can see my settings gives me only martingale and adds to losing trades,plz someone guide me how can this EA adds to profitable trades also,thanks.the settign is same as 1 st post.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Hi, at the moment the EA has no option to add positions to winning cycles. Winning cycles will be trailed untill stop is triggered.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
I will come back to you within this week, need to check the version...thx a lot!

--- 帖子 #327 ---
hello i can that your setup load a 02 version, but i can only find 01 version? any difference or did you change something?

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Trailing stops result in no appreciable server load if correctly implemented - the only time there's a noticeable issue (which often results in brokers blocking the offending trading accounts) is when poorly coded trailing stop code sends modify requests for the same SL level. The issue is easy to spot as there are repeated warnings posted on the Experts and Journal tabs and easily prevented by ensuring the new SL level is higher than the previous level for buy orders / lower than the previous level for sell orders.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
OnTimer() does not trigger in the tester so it can't be used as suggested - the correct approach is to maintain a LastTick value in the OnTick() function that just returns if insufficient time has passed.

However, in actual trading, the OnTimer() function can be used to call OnTick() so that there is a minimum amount of activity during very slow markets.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Hey Fxtrue, happy to c u again, thx for your work and input here!

--- 帖子 #331 ---
just tried to open a position with the same MN as Ikarus, but the ea close it right away

--- 帖子 #332 ---
I put some codes in Icarus_2.2 such that the working time of Icarus can be restricted.

Icarus works only at the the working time you set. If not in the working time, it won't open or close any orders, also no trailing stop. It just sleep.

When it wakes up, it takes care the orders as it usually does.

I run back test of the EA only on London and New York sessions, the results seem not bad.

You should use your MT4 server time to set the time values.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #333 ---
[quote = TeChaoLiang; 13492046] Ho inserito alcuni codici in Icarus_2.2 in modo tale che l'orario di lavoro di Icarus possa essere limitato. Icarus funziona solo all'orario di lavoro impostato. Se non durante l'orario di lavoro, non aprirà o chiuderà alcun ordine, anche nessun trailing stop. Dorme e basta. Quando si sveglia, si prende cura degli ordini come fa di solito. Ho eseguito il back test dell'EA solo sulle sessioni di Londra e New York, i risultati non sembrano male. È necessario utilizzare l'ora del server MT4 per impostare i valori dell'ora. {image} {file} {file} [/ quote]

Thank you so much. I was waiting for this option.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Do you need any setting to ensure the trailing stop is modified smoothly without the server blocking it?

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Hey MaPi. wanted to start by saying this is a super thread you created here. I am willing to start and tweak the EA a little bit as well. Also, I fully agree with this pay-out system you have, I think that is the only way to stay afloat on the markets if you want a decent return.

May I ask what EA settings you use with this pay-out strategy? Are these the default ones? Please let met know.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hi and welcome here

--- 帖子 #337 ---
No, we don't need.  Because Icarus or Ikarus doing trailing stop on the terminal end but server end.  It won't send any modification to server to modify SL or TP of orders.

When profit goal is reached, it begin the trailing stop process on the terminal end, it records maximum_profit has been reached. As the current profit lower profit_lock*maximum_profit, it will close all orders of the profitable cycle.

Although, there are many OrderModify functions in the source code of Icarus, but they are not called by Icarus grid trading logic.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Be careful, owing to the fact that as Icarus is in sleeping, it won't perform any profit lock and stop loss control. Perhaps you should set SL to those un-closed orders by hand to secure your account.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Indeed. So called virtual trailing stop. Good thing as the broker does not see the limits of the single trades. He can calculate the break even, but that's it.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Glad you have focussed on times to trade and not trade.

When not to enter is equally important.

Could you also.please modify it to.put conditions on when not to enter.

One condition I can think.of from my own experience is :Not to enter when market is consolidating and price movement is flat.

I would define the market as flat based on pips speed in.pips per minute for last xxxx minutes.

ADR filter of xxxc % say 25% also should prevent entries.

Similarly it could be based on volumes. I have no experience of using volume for my own trading, some one who has can share the experience.

Besides pips speed, ADR and volume, there could be other such situations.

Only real traders should be sharing those ideas  for the EA to be effective.

.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Day four of testing on a $1,000 account, 3.6% gain with a relative draw down of 1.86%.

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Objection, your Honor!

The death of a grid trades like Ikarus is a high movement without oscillation on its way. Buying sells on the way up means, that there must be some significant correction someday. But if there is a shift and the pair keeps dancing in another channel... you are lost.

Let's take EURUSD: the red circle is a killer for a grid trader: went up without going low enough to achieve a break even. Now it is in a nice oscillation tunnel where we could grab pips pips pips... but we cannot as we are stuck with our pile of sell orders, right?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Sure, we are in a nice channel, see chart in my post above. If you would have started on the 5th of April you would be lost now.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
So at the end of the day, TIMING is important.

EA can't decide when to enter. So EA has to be given rules to define what is good time to enter.

Financial trading is random .

Either your brain or EA has to decide on the timing of entry.

Blind grids don't work in spot or futures.

EA can help execute and manage trades.

If EA has to decide on timing, then EA has to be fed with rules on how to locate such times.

Blind grids work in directionless options selling which requires deep pockets.

Unless you or EA is sure that retracement or pullback will happen during a certain time, then you can go for two ways of buying/selling or vice-versa.

An estimate of retracement or pullback is important for giving grid trading a try.

Only detailed probability studies focussing on locating good working times when retracements normally happen during a certain time can help.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
If you can put another condition of changing the TP or SL in one go for all losing positions by pips, (after profit has been locked or all profit realized), it will be helpful in controlling the loss of opposite trades in drawdown. Basically some kind of a drawdown controller.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Not lost (ok, depends pn account size, with 1k for sure), but having a bad DD atm on my Live Account...We can make the EA smarter, but when we try to fly high there this risk will not be crossed out...

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Hi Simnz, welcome on this thread, I like your thoughts you are adding here...Bring it on...Cheers

--- 帖子 #348 ---
You have to be clear in your mind:

Grid trading will work only if you are able to identify a pattern of TIME or HI-MID-LOW PIP RANGE.

If Buys hit high, come back to Mid for you to put breakeven and hit low to complete the Cycle.

your forecast of Pullback is crucial.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post13494571

--- 帖子 #350 ---
OK. I try to briefly describe the program logic of Icarus as follows. We can only put codes at the RED NOTE part without changing the Grid trading logic of ICarus.

A. Initial stage (Preparation), global variables settings and collect current Market information. (If we want decide grid size by indicators, we should modify here)

B. Robot begins to run. (We can put codes here to decide whether or not to let the robot execute)

When Robot is running, it will:

Do account risk control firstly, then

C. Deal with Buy orders

C.1 If no buy order, open a buy order with minimum lots. (We can put codes here to decide when to open the first buy order of a Buy Cycle)

C.2.1 If SL of the last buy order of Buy Cycle is reached, open another buy order lots increased according to progressive setting.

C.2.2 If profits of total buy orders reached TP, begin profit lock control. Also update profit lock real time.

C.2.3 If current profit falls below profit lock, close all buy orders of the Buy Cycle.

D. Deal with Sell orders

D.1 If no sell order, open a sell order with minimum lots. (We can put codes here to decide when to open the first sell order of a Sell Cycle)

D.2.1 If SL of the last sell order of Sell Cycle is reached, open another sell order lots increased according to progressive setting.

D.2.2 If profits of total sell orders reached TP, begin profit lock control. Also update profit lock real time.

D.2.3 If current profit falls below profit lock, close all sell orders of the Sell Cycle.

For example, I had added Time Restriction on B., to restrict Robot running time. Also, I put codes on C.1 and D.1, such that a buy or sell cycle will initiate according to CoG.

Note that: the virtual SL and TP are calculated depended on grid size.

Everyone could quote this post, such that we can understand what you want the EA to be.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Icarus does not have real TP or SL for each position. They cannot be changed, because they are not exist.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
I have a similar EA for random trading.

You can see how the timing was for trend trending and pullback hand in hand.

Grid trading with martingale etc. has never worked for me. So I started focussing on timing with speed by pip size and volume, TP and SL so that the probable range selected is such that it could work in both directions before continuing the trending direction. That is what it happened. It was a combination of speed, volume and timing and realistic profit targets.

The 8 trades took just less than 30 minutes because of speed and volume working in combination.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Just let me know where and how to put your control in Icarus.  Please refer to my another post #Post 351.

Icarus does account risk control by the difference of Account balance and equity.  It calculate total profits of Buy and Sell cycles. When the profit lock is hit. it closes all buys or sells in profit. When the last order of Buy or Sell cycle reach its SL, it open another order with lots progressively.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Now I realise grid system is different and I don't have any suggestions.

Grid system is something a dream of all traders to make money without any effort.

I withdraw all my suggestions.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Hey, I see you have a good undertanding of the EA, could you please check post 213 and following and try to code those functions into the EA? This would be awesome, Cheers

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Hello MaPi,

Thanks for sharing your EA, very kind of you. I am trying to understand the EA in its original form (before all the additions etc.) and would be most grateful if you could answer the following please:

(1) You have two EAs attached in the first post (Icarus and Ikarus) and seems to use/refer to these names interchangeably. Are they the same or diffirent and what is the main difference if that's case.

(2) With settings like grid_size, is this in pips or points, and could you explain what you mean by 'Distance between the order of one cycle' in respect of grid_size?

(3) Is the take_profit in dollars or one's account base currency (e.g. pounds)?

(4) Is account_risk in percentage (i.e. percentage of the account balance) or the account amount in currency?

(5) What does "Pips2Go B 2 S 8" that is displayed on right-side info panel on teh chart mean?

(6) When or what makes the hot buttons go yellow or red, as so far, they just remain green and blank on my chart?

(7) One minor thing, the 'Show/Hide Comment' button does not appear to work, and stays on the chart even when the EA is removed.

(8) Lastly, since you have been using the EA LIVE, what has been your experience - best times/sessions to trade, matters whether pair ranging or trending, max drawdown or even blown any account?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #357 ---
FYI, I got my guy doing some work on this coding. Adding a few different features.

1) The buttons will work better for backtesting

2) Adding in a ATR MA deviation GRID spacing algo

3) Changing the TP determination points algo

4) Add a extensions of TP point using ATR deviation. When TP gets set, if the market moves aggressively towards the TP, what you normally see is ATR will move above the MA, indicating a push of the market, This can alllow for TP to be extended, well at the same time decrease the TS or pausing and only continuing after the volatility ends, normally within 3-4 bars, which the ATR shows.

Keep you posted 3-4 days

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Could you please upload your mq4 file?

--- 帖子 #359 ---
at the moment Ikarus 2.0 (Post#1) can only do grid averaging down what many consider to be 'martingale' but in fact Ikarus 2.0 has other setting 1,2 and 3.

these settings are very important when you want to average UP in the direction of the market.

there are many things you need to know about the currency pairs market conditions when you want to trade with Averaging Down / Averaging UP.

Ikarus 2.0 work best when market is sideways wide ranging and when the market breaks into a trending direction, this is where the manual cut-loss has to be by the trader. Question is which timeframe do you use to consider the market type conditions - Trending and Sideways?

gs_progession: Factor to expand grid_size 0 = Disabled, all orders will have the same distance 1 = Distance between orders will grow 1/2/3/4/5… (D’Alembert) 2 = Distance between orders will grow 1/2/4/8/16…(Martingale) 3 = Distance between orders will grow 1/1/2/3/5…(Fibonacci) progression: Setting for volume progression within one cycle.0 = Disabled, all orders will have the same volume 1 = Volume will grow within a cycle 1/2/3/4/5 based on min_lot… (D’Alembert) 2 = Volume will grow within a cycle 1/2/4/8/16 based on min_lot …(Martingale) 3 = Volume will grow within a cycle 1/1/2/3/5 based on min_lot …(Fibonacci)

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Hi Mapi, thank you for sharing this EA. I have a question regarding your EA.

Assuming that I'm using ur EA then i turn off my MT4, when i reopen MT4, will your EA automatically continue the system, and how will it deal with the loss orders when it was turned off?

--- 帖子 #361 ---
hello Big EMM, nice to see you here,i wnat to add to profitable trades,what settigns do i use ?

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Hi, it will handle all orders (existing and the ones it should have opend while the pc was down) acording to the settings in the EA.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
I currently dont huse a time restriction. Volatile range market is obv. the best. trend is ok as long as we see regular corrections...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #364 ---
There is no function in the EA. Only think you can do is doing this via manual hot buttons...

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hi MaPi, thanks for your response, appreciate it! You did not answer the rest of my questions though!

--- 帖子 #366 ---
I think martingale strategy never works I never seen anyone who is profitable from it.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Which one out of 8 have I missed

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hi, no problem, no one will try to force you trading this

But with progression = 0 it will not be a martingale, due to the setting volume will be constant...Cheers

--- 帖子 #369 ---
I can't see the answers to questions 2 to 7

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Arrrrghhh, ok, so one more time  From now you get a limit, 3 questions per post

1) Icarus 2.2 is a cleaned up version from some coders here, functionality is the same

2) It´s close to pips but not exactly, differs from pair to pair. Check via backtest so you will find out what it means in pips

3) It´s not, the only way to check this out is in demomode or visual Backtest, look at the upper left corner, there it will be shown in account currency

4) It´s %, 1.0 means full account, 0.1 means 10%

5) Distance to go to close buy and sell cycle

6) Check post 1, max_position (yellow alert) or equity_warning (red alert)

7) You can delete it with delete objects in MT4

8) Range with volatility is best, trend is ok as long as there will be contra movements so a cycle can be closed

Cheers

--- 帖子 #371 ---
I just have an off-topic question. I've tried your EA with my demo account but when I switched to another demo account, it seems like the EA isn't working. Does anyone have a solution to my problem? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Many thanks MaPi. Much appreciated! Would try not to bother you with too many questions, I appreciate everyone's time is precious

--- 帖子 #373 ---
it works if u know what u r doing,its not easy at all.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
You switched on the same MT4? Maybe you are using MT4 Setting turn of auto trading when switching account..

--- 帖子 #375 ---
I have turned on auto trading; however, the EA didn't response to my command. I tried it on the different account of other broker and it worked well. Maybe the EA have little trouble running between different accounts of the same broker.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Hi, MaPi,

Before I really do modification of Icarus, I have to make a double check with you. There are some points I don't understand need your explains. Firstly, I don't understand what "Invert_Indicators: false / true (so e.g. with "false" it will be triggered when outside BB, with "true" it needs to be inside BBS)" means. What is outside BB and what is inside BBS?

Also, would you please give me the settings of each indicators you prefer, such that I can put them as defaults.

To the ATR, I don't Know how to calculate the grid size by ATR. (grid_size = Multiplier * value of ATR ? What time frame is suitable? )

If Mapi_trigger is true, EA will open cycles according to indicators signals.

If Trigger_Once is true, EA opens the first cycle only according to indicators.

If Conjunct_Idx is true, All indicators selected except ATR are considered together. (logic AND). If is false, one of the selected indicators confirms the condition will enable Mapi_trigger.

Also, should we specify time frame for each indicator?

Cheers

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Hi TeChaoLing,

First, your knowledge and work are highly appreciated here, thanks! So let me answer your questions, if anything is unclear, please come back to me.

Example given, BB_Period=20, BB_Dev=3, Use_Stoch= true, Stoch_K=14, Stoch_D=5, Stoch_Slow=3

The indicator condition is only opening the first order, the following orders of the cycle will be handled by pure grid logic.

For BB I would love to have to options:

1)      {C}High/Low: This means a candle must touch the BB or trade outside of the BB. The opening of the first order can be within the bands (e.g. because stochastic is not > 70 when price touch BB, price comes back into the Band and Stochastic becomes on the same candle >70)

2)      {C}Bid/Ask: Here the cycle will only be opened when execution is on our outside BB. For sells bid must be >= UpperBand, for buys ask must be <= LowerBand

Invert Indicators would mean with those settings, a cycle will be opend when price is within 3 Dev of BB and with 30 / 70 of stochastic.

Conjunct_Idx we do not need, because you can enable and disable ever indicator via “Use_” setting, or did I miss here something?

Timeframe should be the current time frame of the chart.

For ATR calculation we would replace the grid_size function with multiplier x value of ATR. I do not have experience so far with ATR, therefore it could be smart to have here a setting for timeframe, e.g. you are trading on M5 chart (all indicators will use m5) but ATR taken from H1 chart. ATR should be calculated on the begin of a new cycle only, so we do not run the risk, ATR and therefore grid size will get smaller after a cycle is opened.

When max_position = 0 alert yellow should appear, and trades can be only opened via the hot buttons.

Unbalanced_controll should work with indicator open (just mention this because my old coder was not able to do so, the use of this function was disabling indicator opening).

Again, if there are any questions let me know, Cheers!

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Let me try to figure out the possible coding mistakes of your beta version EA. Because I don't have the mq4 file, The only way I can do is through my best hunch to guess it. I use a buy cycle initiation as an example. The original code is:

if(buys==0)

if(!stopNextCycle && !restAndRealize)

{

if(unbalance_control==0)

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,CalculateStartingVolume(),MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

else

{

if(sells<4)

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,CalculateStartingVolume(),MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

else

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,sell_lots[sells-3],MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

}

}

}

Perhaps your coder put the indicator trigger on: (shown in Red color)

He just neglects when Unbalanced_control is checked, it is the green part to open the first order.

if(!stopNextCycle && !restAndRealize)

{

if(unbalance_control==0) {
if (Indicator buy signal)

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,CalculateStartingVolume(),
}

MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

else

{

if(sells<4)
ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,CalculateStartingVolume(),MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

else

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,sell_lots[sells-3],MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

}

}

}

That's why Unbalanced control will bypass Indicator_buy_signal. He should put INDICATOR TRIGGER control outside of all if ... else parts, and make an copy of the original codes as the else part of if (INDICATOR TRIGGER). As shown follows, blue color represent the copy of original part for not use of indicators to be executed.

if(buys==0)

{
if (INDICATOR TRIGGER) {

if(!stopNextCycle && !restAndRealize && Indicator_buy_signal)

{

if(unbalance_control==0)

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,CalculateStartingVolume(),MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

else

{

if(sells<4)

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,CalculateStartingVolume(),MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

else

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,sell_lots[sells-3],MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

}

}
INDICATOR TRIGGER = false;

}
else {
if(!stopNextCycle && !restAndRealize)
{
if(unbalance_control==0)
ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,CalculateStartingVolume(),MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);
else
{
if(sells<4)
ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,CalculateStartingVolume(),MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);
else
ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,sell_lots[sells-3],MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);
}
}
}

}

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Then, what about RSI? The reason why I prepare Conjunct_Idx is one can use those indicators together and also can use them separately, that is, when one of them give signal will trigger the operation.   However, It seems to me that you are going to use BB and Stochastic together.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
what about that sentence?

also

&now you intend many indicators fo you ea

... ?

--- 帖子 #381 ---
True. The settings for the EA should include an option for the timeframes of the indicators.

Inserted Code enum tf
{
af=0,     // current
bf=1,     // 1 minute
cf=2,     // 5 minutes
df=3,     // 15 minutes
ef=4,     // 30 minutes
ff=5,     // 1 hour
gf=6,     // 4 hours
hf=7,     // 1 day
};
Inserted Code input tf       IndicatorTimeframe=af;  // Timeframe of the indicators (0-current)

Edit: or of course much simpler ;-)

input   ENUM_TIMEFRAMES TimeFrame=0;

--- 帖子 #382 ---
I got your point, this setting will give us an "or" option, I like!

And yes, currently I am using stoch, but I do have also settings with RSI...

--- 帖子 #383 ---
For ATR a clear yes, but for all? I do not want to create a monster with 100 settings thought it would be interesting to have those options...

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Hi, MaPi,

To my understanding, I confirm what your requirements are in other words.

The indicator condition is only opening the first order, the following orders of the cycle will be handled by pure grid logic.

You are going to use indicator condition to initiate all buy and sell cycles. Not just to initiate the first buy or sell cycle.

For BB I would love to have to options:
1) {C}High/Low: This means a candle must touch the BB or trade outside of the BB. The opening of the first order can be within the bands (e.g. because stochastic is not > 70 when price touch BB, price comes back into the Band and Stochastic becomes on the same candle >70)
2) {C}Bid/Ask: Here the cycle will only be opened when execution is on our outside BB. For sells bid must be >= UpperBand, for buys ask must be <= LowerBand

1) {C}High/Low: As High > BB Upper Band and Stochastic > 70, initiate a sell cycle. As Low < BB Lower Band and Stochastic < 30, Initiate a buy cycle.
2) {C}Bid/Ask: As Bid >= BB Upper Band, initiate a sell cycle. As Ask <= BB Lower Band, initiate a buy cycle.

Option High/Low will use BB and Stochastic together and could initiate a cycle within BB.
Option Bid/Ask takes only BB into consideration and no mention of Stochastic. It only initiate a cycle outside BB.

Invert Indicators would mean with those settings, a cycle will be opend when price is within 3 Dev of BB and with 30 / 70 of stochastic.

Does it mean (As Bid within BB and Stochastic > 70, initiate a sell cycle. As Ask within BB and Stochastic < 30, initiate a buy cycle.)?
It seems to me that only Stochastic is used and Ask isn't larger than BB Upper Band as well as Bid isn't smaller than BB Lower Band. An invert option of Option Bid/Ask?

--- 帖子 #385 ---
try to move your mind with renko, as above of filter for flat ..

&fly higher with your thoughts

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Hi T4Trade

You know the risks and dangers of conventional Grid trading.

But do you know the "un-conventional" way to trade with price grids where you can average-UP and average-Down? Ikarus 2.0 does 'half' the job for you. You do the other 'HALF' manually.

Below is GBPUSD testing with Ikarus 2.0 from Apr01 to16( two weeks)... Using the default setting by MaPi in Post#1.

It works best when Weekly is sideways ranging within its 52-week average trading range. You make money trading both-ways if you optimize the grid size and grid progression optimum plus the lot size + multiplier.

But watch in the follow weeks when the market breaks away from the sideways market type conditions, that is when you have to know when to cut the buys or cut the sells. Watch the button turn to yellow.

Is there a simple way to decide when to buy or sell cut-losses?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Hi TeChaoLiang

You are doing a great job with your contributions here.

You remind me of a member in the Blessing development team more than a decade ago.

Kind regards,

Emm

--- 帖子 #388 ---
hi T4Trade

here another example with Ikarus 2.0 Weekly chart,

again good profits when market type is sideways and within its 52-weeks average trading range. Watch the market type change in the coming weeks and be prepared to cut some losses. When you reach the maximum default 6 open positions, buttons change colour.

GBPCAD Weekly

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Just one field in the options. I don't believe you want to use multiple indicators. Or if, then they should be in the same timeframe.

The reason to use fixed time frames would be also, that you can switch between different views without restarting the indicators. They will just stay with the specified timeframe, no matter which view you use for the EA.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
in this EA,if tp is not met after 6 trades,then we need to cut losses right?

sir how do we check the PA is within its 52-weeks average trading range? thanks.i ahve one indicator that shows 52 weeks high low,would u please explain how to use it effectively? thanks

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Could you guys explain to me what is this unbalance_control function?

Also, I was thinking of ways to make a grid strategy profitable on the long run. Basically, my idea is that, at any time on the market, you have two sort of random variables that are crucial with this type of system:The time it takes to double your capital (D) The time it takes to blow your account (B) Basically, as long as E(D) << E(B), you can cash-out regularly and stay profitable. Here, I feel like this system is a regular grid strategy (I might be wrong, can someone indicate what are the specificities here?). To make this EA "survive" longer, especially in case of extreme trending, I thought of combining it with a Zone Recovery system?

The way it would work is by detecting whether the market is currently trending or ranging : if it is ranging, use a grid strategy, else if it is trending, use the zone recovery system (so if the grid system is currently trading, take all its positions on a given instrument and consider it as one whole averaged position to deal with zone recovery as the price goes way up or way down). What are you guys thoughts?

I honestly think that a regular cash-out strategy, with a high-risk grid system that basically doubles your account quite fast, is the way to go. Would love some feedback on this, has anyone used this EA live still? Cheers!

--- 帖子 #392 ---
its not working on expert or script or indcator tab.

i used average candle indcator and it shows these values and i have noticed that present market situation fulfils 20 days range.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Anyway it's smoother to use iATR(NULL,TimeFrame,NoBars,1)...

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Also @MaPi, may I ask you once again what are your current settings for your EA?

--- 帖子 #395 ---
The unbalance_control when it is checked, the EA will set the initial lots of a new cycle according to the number of orders of the opposite unfinished cycle. As number of orders in the opposite cycle is larger than 3, it will take the lots of last three order of opposite cycle to be the initial lots of the new cycle. (Although, I think using the lots of the last three opposite order is not enough to control unbalance)

Good idea. Those two random variables seem a function of time with the range of profit, Can you define them formally?

No, it is not a regular grid strategy. I prefer to call its strategy a semi-grid strategy. There are two kinds of grid trading strategy, With-the-trend and Against-the-trend, the former takes advantages of trend, the later takes advantages of ranging. Regular grid strategy will put pending orders at the price of grid lines in advance. Instead of putting pending orders, this EA (Ikarus) beginning with a minimum lots of hedging orders and then send market orders when grid condition is triggered. Anyway, it stills a kind of Against-the-trend strategy. (To make the EA more profitable, perhaps we should initiate with a very small lots, 0.01 for example, and the second order should be with larger lots, 0.1 for example, to begin the regular grid trading process. But unfortunately, it has no such settings for us to set the lots of 1st and 2nd orders separately.)

Owing to the fact that its strategy is a kind of Against-the-trend, it hates mono trend situations. When the market goes in a monotonic trend, the EA will cause you loss a lot of money, even, will definitely blow your account away if you set a larger initial lots.

Good idea, but switching grid trading to zone recovery trading is not easy and switching it back to Grid trading is much more difficult. That will be much more easy to switch an Against-the-trend to a With-the-trend grid trading. Knowing that you just need changing the buy order to sell order and vice versa when triggered from a Against-the-trend Grid trading, the grid trading strategy will become to a With-the-trend. The purpose of zone recovery trading is to recover the loss when we have a wrong judgement of the trend. Zone recovery hates ranging. Trending with zone recovery is OK but ranging. If we already know the market is in trending not ranging, we don't need zone recovery.

The question is, when should we switch grid trading to With-the-trend and when should we switch it back? We need an indicator to detect trending or ranging. Any suggestion of such indicator?

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Trending or ranging is a market condtion no-one can predict easily. I can give you an idea of an indicator after analysing a probability study. If you generate data sets for Excel analysis for last one year for TF 1m on the duration of breakout (defined by xx pip size and xx minutes and xx consecutive bars) and range trading (defined by xx pip size xx minutes xx occurences at xx % of ADR ). If you can code the indicator that can sum the results by way of comments and bar size in sub-window as well as produce an Excel spreadsheet that would be excellent.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
We could estimate those two delays with extensive backtesting with varying EA parameters I guess. For example, we can fix an initial capital (e.g. $1,000) and follow this protocol:For each day in the past, get the amount of time it takes to get to $2,000, and let the test run through until the account blows up as well. In case of blowing-up happening before recovery, we can note this time-to-blow-up value, then run the backtest again from after the blow-up to estimate some sort of "time it would have took to recovery if blowing-up conditions did not occur". You then have a list of T(blow-up) and T(double-up) for each day, which you can infer statistics on. The idea is that, if you have settings such that E(time to blow-up) >> E(time to recovery), you can certainly survive with profits on the market. Also, these random variables heavily rely on market conditions, see attached screenshot of EURUSD from Jan 2020 to now. The early 2020 crisis was a very special market condition of massive up then down trend where every agains-the-trend strategy would have failed.

This is where it gets hard. In my opinion, we should not rely on superstitious indicators and weird astrological stuff to get there. Instead, let's consider two basic indicators: volume and simple MA. My guess is that, when the market is ranging, the price tends to revolve around its SMA and this SMA remains "flat" (we can determine the derivative of the SMA for example, if it stays around an interval centered around 0, then it's mostly flat). When the market starts to trend, the price start deviating from its SMA, but to confirm the trend, we can have a look at the derivative (and maybe the second derivative as some sort of inertia indicator as well) of the SMA. Also, there is usually spikes in volume when it comes to trending phases. All in all, I think that a mix of volume analysis and SMA (with dSMA/dt and d2SMA/dt2) analysis can help us here. Let's keep in mind that there is no way of actually predicting these phases 100% of the time; but a slight edge on this can allow us to extend the EA's life enough so we can cash-out regularly and stay profitable.

Speaking of cashing out regularly, my guess is that @MaPi's method is definitely the right one: he combines cashing-out regularly to increase its profit and have as less cash exposed on risk as possible, but he doesn't cash-out the same amount each time and lets his account grow: this helps him have a more and more robust account in case of drawdown. So yeah, Fibonacci might be on our side with this one.

Also, external news are also to be considered. Back to the attached screenshot, the early-2020 situation was something we were aware of; we can manually disable the EA during these times maybe?

Final thought: if @MaPi is okay with this, maybe we can create some sort of Discord to make communication easier on this matter? What are you guys thoughts? I am actually convinced that such a system can work out in the long-term!

Cheers.

m10021

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Thanks for your profound analysis!

Here is how the famous Blessing-EA is looking for trend up, down, ranging:

Inserted Code     //+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
//| Calculation of Trend Direction                                  |
//+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
int Trend;
string ATrend;
double ima_0=iMA(Symbol(),0,MAPeriod,0,MODE_EMA,PRICE_CLOSE,0);
if(ForceMarketCond==3)
{    if(BID>ima_0+MADistance)Trend=0;
else if(ASK<ima_0-MADistance)Trend=1;
else Trend=2;
}
else
{    Trend=ForceMarketCond;
if(Trend!=0&&BID>ima_0+MADistance)ATrend="U";
if(Trend!=1&&ASK<ima_0-MADistance)ATrend="D";
if(Trend!=2&&(BID<ima_0+MADistance&&ASK>ima_0-MADistance))ATrend="R";
}

// Distance from MA to be treated as Ranging Market

extern double   MADistance          = 10;

// Market condition 0=uptrend 1=downtrend 2=range 3=off

extern int      ForceMarketCond     = 3;

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Exactly  Only the first order of each cycle is ruled by indicators

And yes, you got my Indicator logic right, only one thing: In High/Low mode you change the criteria of ture/false for BB. This is indipended from the use of otherindicators, so if you have enabled e.g. stochastic both criterias must match to open the first order.

Personal I do not need the invetred option, but some guys here would like to start the grid within a certain range, so I though this would be the easiest way.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Hi, I suggest you read post 1...Original code had no indis but I made it very clear this is the goal...cheers

--- 帖子 #401 ---
I thought the EA initiated both long and short cycles at all times? Is there options for it to initiate only long or only short cycles at the moment?

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Hi Marengo, welcome...

Please read Post 1...The original code does npt have those functions (you can still do this in permitting only buys or sells via EA MT$ settings) but we are working on an improved version which will start by indicators and opening buy/sell cycles in line with the indicators...Cheers

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Hi, first of all I thank MaPi for sharing this EA.

I am testing EurUsd alone and my broker says:

According to Metaquotes guidelines, an account is considered hyperactive when it exceeds 2,000 messages per day. We are flexible with this guide and will only communicate with clients when this threshold is exceeded by some margin. Messages from your server have exceeded 5,000, so we must ask you to take immediate action to reduce them to an acceptable level.

The most common reasons for hyperactivity are:

Orders being modified by an expert advisor every tick

Orders sent to the server by an expert advisor when there is no money in the account

Bad logic and / or configurations in the EA causing over trade (and usually losses)

Trying to trade an EA at an invalid price / wrong order type

Do you have this notice, I have Icarus 2.2.

Thanks

Sorry for the translator, I don't know much English.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Probably you are out of money and the EA tries to place orders. Check the Journal...

--- 帖子 #405 ---
[quote = ursinho4711; 13501921] {quote} Probablemente se haya quedado sin dinero y el EA intente realizar pedidos. Consulta el diario ... [/ quote]

Hello, I have spoken with ICMarkets and they have said that it is an informative email, if I reach 25,000 messages, they disable my account and I have to contact them to enable it.

It is a real account of € 1000.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Hi, you can select "only short" or "only long" in generel ajustes.

This way you also can use one chart only short and use another with different parameters only long.

Same pair of course..

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Maybe a trade copier, where all the inner modifications are only done in your master (demo) account, and you only open and close on slave account (real) . That could perhaps be a good fix for certain situations. Cheers and good luck. P.S I personally wouldnt trade this live at all, as it is now, for obvious reasons.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Look at the Journal and/or the Experts tab:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Agreed, took my months of back and front testing before I went on live account...But hey, we can only give a warning, everbody needs to decide how to use his real money...Cheers

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Hi, which market and witch settings, what is you account type and have you tested the settings via back and front test before? Cheers

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Hello, I am very happy to be able to use this EA. I will conduct a 6-month test and correction on the VPS. You can share your .SET settings? Thank you

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Hi, I would recomand you wait for the new version which is coded atm...Cheers

--- 帖子 #413 ---
.......

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Hello everyone,

I'm a newbie, just interested with this thread. Many thanks to Mapi for shared good EA for discussion.

Also run a demo account for 12 currency pair, just find a great setting before try with real.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
MaPi and All,

I hops this can fit MaPi's requirements. Also, to others in this thread, I provide more settings of indicators for everyone can test or use but me.

Because this thread is MaPi's house, I prepare a check option, MaPi_trigger, for him. If it is checked, the EA should do as MaPi want. That is BB and Stochastic are used together. If you do not check MaPi_trigger but just check indicators separately, the indicators you selected will also worked. When you check "All selected indicators will be applied together", the AND operation will applied to all checked indicators for trigger a first order of each cycle. Or, when the trigger condition of one of the selected indicators satisfied, a first order of each cycle will be opened.

The mq4 and ex4 file of Icarus_2.2_MaPi is attached follows. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Hi

Subscripted

THX

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Thank you, my friend, I will test positively on the VPS. I would take the liberty to ask when you used TF.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Thanks, i will test it with Gold maybe. Hahah. Will let everyone know result soon.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
[quote = MaPi; 13502164] {quote} De acuerdo, tomé mis meses de pruebas anteriores y posteriores antes de pasar a la cuenta real ... Pero bueno, solo podemos dar una advertencia, todos deben decidir cómo usar su dinero real. ..Saludos [/ cita]

Hello, I have only tested in a real ICMarkets account, because some brokers have problems with experts, I am only testing in demo with EurUsd and UsdChf

Thanks for the warning.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
[quote = ursinho4711; 13502063] {quote} Mire el Diario y / o la pestaña de Expertos: {image} [/ quote]

Hello, I am attaching the images, one is demo with AKFX and the real one with ICMarkets.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #421 ---
The time frames of each indicator are default current chart time frame, it you do not use the current just choose you like to use.

Indicators give different value on different time frame.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
This was a great contribution for this board members, thank you for your efforts to help @Mapi and also this community. Keep going, Mr. Liang.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
[quote = fx1079; 13503279] {quote} Esta fue una gran contribución para los miembros de esta junta, gracias por sus esfuerzos para ayudar a @Mapi y también a esta comunidad. Continúe, Sr. Liang. [/ Quote]

Hello, I totally agree, thank you very much

Mr Liang

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Thx a lot for this!!! I will need some days to test it and come back to you then, sry for bbeing quite but real life is keeping me busy this week

Thanks again for your work, Cheeeeerrrrrrssss

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Hi, my friend, this modification of yours, I will not open positions on the VPS

--- 帖子 #426 ---
I run back test on MT4, it will open positions. I am not using VPS yet, you know, I just a newbie to Forex trading. No positions opened means the trigger condition is not reached, the EA should work indifferently whether or not VPS is used.

If you run it in a real time mode not a back test, you have to aware that if indicators is used it won't open positions right away, because the trigger condition is not reached.

Sometimes on my back test, for some indicator condition I set, it open no positions in a week. Especially, when you use BB 3.0, and a whole week the price never break through BB 3.0 Upper or Lower levels, then no position will be open. If is that case, try to set Deviation of BB to 2.0 or 1.0. Or, other way, you can use same settings testing on your PC not VPS.

To me, I didn't run many times testing of this EA. I only test it using MaPi trigger once, I found that when using MaPi trigger the positions it opened are far fewer than not using. If I like to test some indicator myself, I will write the code directly, no need to through a cocktail indicators option like this.

You should tell me your settings so that I can check and find out what the problem is.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hello my friend, I am using your default settings and no parameters have been set. I am looking at the code so that I can better understand the internal parameters and principles. Thank you for your reply and answer. I am glad to meet you!

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #429 ---
I don't get your point from the figures you post, what it is wrong?

--- 帖子 #430 ---
[quote = FX6588;13504192]{quote}Hello my friend, I am using your default settings and no parameters have been set. I am looking at the code so that I can better understand the internal parameters and principles. Thank you for your reply and answer. I am glad to meet you![/ quote]

My default is what MaPi suggested. You should set indicators use the settings you usually used. The logic is very simple, BB will trigger a buy cycle, when the price reach the Lower level of BB 3.0, a sell cycle when reach Upper level of BB 3.0. As I mentioned before, BB 3.0 is a very strait condition for opening an position.

The probability of above or below the Upper or Lower levels of BB 3.0 is only 0.1%. While using Stochastic or RSI only, trigger conditions are much more easy to reach, because the default setting of Upper/ Lower level is 30/70.

BB 3.0 brings you only 1/1000 chance to open a position. However, maybe it not a good thing if the position is opened. You have a relative large probability in a trending market, and as I have mentioned before, Icarus hates trending.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
I understand what you mean maybe my expression is not caused!

Hello, my friend, I have just conducted data testing in my broker, I found an error, such as rueusd.1, quoted name with the back aid, I am correcting it.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Just saying: You are truly a hero of this thread.

Thanks for everything.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Hi my friend, can you let me know your setting parameters ERUUSD, ERUGBP thanks

--- 帖子 #434 ---
He is!!!

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Hi, This would not help you because as mentioned many time I am trading a beta version of the EA...

But to give you an impression:

Grid = 5

GS_P = 1

TP = 8

Progression = 3

P_L = 0,89

Starting cycle when High/Low >< 3 StDev BB20, Stochastic ><70/30, M5

Cheers

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Hi, thank you very much for your answer. I will make corrections, test, and announce the results

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Keep us posted on the results of that!

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Hello,

Testing with v2.2 of @Mapi, and below is BOOM.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
with what settings and what pairs ?

--- 帖子 #440 ---
What settings are you using?

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Hi, I have to explain what I think of you. MaPi created this post for the purpose of co-creating a new strategy, but I checked your information and found that all your content is hidden. At the same time, this explains You are a crowd waiting to eat melons, this is an insult and mockery of this post

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Hi, please keep it friendly here! I will monitor every single post and if something goes in the wrong direction act in the sence of this beautiful forum...Thanks

--- 帖子 #443 ---
As i said before, i'm just a newbie. And this is default setting. Now everyone can see it clearly. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
@IrtzaShafiq @marengo10021

Try it with combine Stoch 85/15 and BB 2.0 / 20. I'm play with Grid & Lot size prog set 3, and start range is 5 pip.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
The purpose of this thread, I think, is to modify Icarus such it can be used more flexibly.

To better understanding of how to flexibly use Icarus, we have to realize its behavior in advance.

When Icarus start, with a hedging pair of a buy order and a sell order simultaneously, it initiates a buy cycle and a sell cycle.

The grid trading logic of Icarus is a kind of Against-the-trend. There are only two cases, a new order will be opened by Icarus.

Case 1: A cycle is closed in profit, a new cycle will be initiated immediately. That is, a new order is opened to be the first order of the new cycle.

Case 2: A new order will be opened if the last order of a cycle is reached its SL. That is, a new order is added in this cycle.

Case 1 and Case 2 forms the grid trading logic of Icarus.

Without changing the grid trading logic of Icarus, the only thing we can do is to find a better timing to initiate a new cycle.  Hence, we use indicators helping us to decide when to open the first order of a cycle.  That is we now already have.

The following discussing maybe somewhat off the topic of this thread.   No mater how  good a timing for Icarus to initiate a new cycle, it cannot prevent Icarus from breaking down when in a trending market.  If we want to improve this, we have to change the trading logic of Icarus to a grid trading logic that can switch between With-trend and Against-trend dynamically, and if so, the EA will not be Icarus any more.  I am trying to work out now. But it seems off the topic of this thread.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hi...sry for beeing quite, will try to find time thi weekend to give you a feedback on your version, I was crazy busy this week

I have the idea in my head if we optimize the unbalance_controll mode together with indicators this might be a help against a trending market, but NEVER will be a guarantee...

Having this said I would not consider a change of the logic of Icarus as an off topic here. I consider the EA as a good base, so if a switch between trend und range will improve it, I am absolutly open to do this in this thread...

Thanks again for your gret work, will come back to you as soon I checked your version,

Cheers

--- 帖子 #447 ---
As I said before, I think that there is no mathematical way to fully warrant a grid strategy anyway. The idea here would be to make it last long enough in unknown "average" market conditions, so as to have a profitable outcome with a regular payout strategy.

In post #397 I quickly exposed a few ideas about this. The challenge is quite hard: we must find a way to somewhat indicate when the market is (about to be) trending/ranging. My first guess was to see how price behaves w.r.t. its own moving average maybe? We could have a look at what machine/deep learning can provide there as well (not trying to predict where the price goes, but whether there is a trending/ranging phase upcoming).

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Mapi ! you got it probably!

go through all optimizations including time periods (this is crucial!) + WITH unbalance control! I am sure it doesnt crash any longer.

Perhaps have to combine more than one version of settings, perhaps need more TFs (mt5 will be a must for optimization then)

Sorry I wish I had more time to help. You guys are definitely on the right track!!!

--- 帖子 #449 ---
The EA seems to be working perfect on GBP pairs during london session, netted 309 pips today!

--- 帖子 #450 ---
I'm sorry for my sorry, maybe my language is not so clear, leading to misunderstanding!

--- 帖子 #451 ---
[quote = TeChaoLiang; 13508085]我认为，此线程的目的是修改Icarus，以便可以更灵活地使用它。为了更好地了解如何灵活使用Icarus，我们必须提前意识到其行为。当伊卡洛斯（Icarus）启动时，同时对冲买入订单和卖出订单时，它将启动买入周期和卖出周期。伊卡洛斯（Icarus）的网格交易逻辑是一种“逆潮流”。只有两种情况，伊卡洛斯将开立新订单。情况1：一个以盈利为目的的周期被关闭，一个新的周期将立即启动。即，新订单被打开为新周期的第一订单。情况2：如果达到了循环的最后一个订单，则将打开一个新订单。也就是说，在此循环中添加了新订单。案例1和案例2构成了Icarus的网格交易逻辑。在不更改Icarus的网格交易逻辑的情况下，我们唯一能做的就是找到更好的时机来启动新周期。因此，我们使用指标来帮助我们决定何时打开一个周期的第一个订单。那就是我们现在已经拥有的。以下讨论可能与该主题无关。无论伊卡洛斯启动新周期的时机多么好，它都无法阻止伊卡洛斯在市场趋势中崩溃。如果要改善此问题，我们必须将Icarus的交易逻辑更改为可以在动态趋势和逆趋势之间动态切换的网格交易逻辑，如果是这样，则EA不再是Icarus。我现在正在努力锻炼。但这似乎与该主题无关。[/ quote] 我们使用指标来帮助我们决定何时打开一个周期的第一个订单。那就是我们现在已经拥有的。以下讨论可能与该主题无关。无论伊卡洛斯启动新周期的时机多么好，它都无法阻止伊卡洛斯在市场趋势中崩溃。如果要改善此问题，我们必须将Icarus的交易逻辑更改为可以在动态趋势和逆趋势之间动态切换的网格交易逻辑，如果是这样，则EA不再是Icarus。我现在正在努力锻炼。但这似乎与该主题无关。[/ quote] 我们使用指标来帮助我们决定何时打开一个周期的第一个订单。那就是我们现在已经拥有的。以下讨论可能与该主题无关。无论伊卡洛斯启动新周期的时机多么好，它都无法阻止伊卡洛斯在市场趋势中崩溃。如果要改善此问题，我们必须将Icarus的交易逻辑更改为可以在动态趋势和逆趋势之间动态切换的网格交易逻辑，如果是这样，则EA不再是Icarus。我现在正在努力锻炼。但这似乎与该主题无关。[/ quote] 它无法阻止伊卡洛斯（Icarus）在趋势市场中崩溃。如果要改善此问题，我们必须将Icarus的交易逻辑更改为可以在动态趋势和逆趋势之间动态切换的网格交易逻辑，如果是这样，则EA不再是Icarus。我现在正在努力锻炼。但这似乎与该主题无关。[/ quote] 它无法阻止伊卡洛斯（Icarus）在趋势市场中崩溃。如果要改善此问题，我们必须将Icarus的交易逻辑更改为可以在动态趋势和逆趋势之间动态切换的网格交易逻辑，如果是这样，则EA不再是Icarus。我现在正在努力锻炼。但这似乎与该主题无关。[/ quote]

Hi my friend, what you said is right. The core is to enter the market against the trend. I am thinking about joining the intraday volatility to reach ADR100%. At the same time, PA enters BB. Open up and down positions. If the price moves in an unfavorable direction, I will start grid 1 3 5 7 9 10-level strategy

--- 帖子 #452 ---
I think the unbalance control mode in Icarus is meaningless. However, because I am just a newbie to Forex trading, what I think it is meaningless may not be really meaningless.

Icarus intend to handle unbalance by increasing the initial lots size when a cycle is closed and a new cycle initiated. The increased lots are used to hedge the loss of orders in another cycle to make a balance. It takes the lots of the last but three order in the opposite cycle as the initial lots of new cycle. (This is I mentioned before that the lots are not enough to control balance.) If the trend is continue moving to its direction, the increasing lots could recover the loss of the opposite cycle. The additional lots are just to be used for locking the loss when the market is changed from ranging to trending. However, when the market back to ranging, the addition lots could eventually become a killer of your account.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Anyone ran this on an EU pair when the big moves happened?

--- 帖子 #454 ---
why dont we use quantum indcator for an entry on 1 min chart?

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Hi,

You can see in my picture below, i think when you find a good setting, it gonna be okay. Just remind you its demo account, not real.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #457 ---
[quote = visky1809; 13508882] {quote}嗨，您可以在下面的图片中看到，我认为当您找到一个不错的设置时，它会没事的。只是提醒您它的模拟帐户，不是真实的。干杯。{image} [/ quote]

Hi my friend, I'm sorry before, my words may appear wrong comment

When you test with historical data for up to 10 years, you will find that once there is a continuous trend of up to 10 days, 15 days, and 30 days, the resistance is very terrible. The only thing that can solve the problem is to control the position within the week as much as possible. Artificial risk control keeps it within 20% of the total funds. Once let it go through the process completely, it will be terrible.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Thank you.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Hello @visky1809.

I am interested in the settings you use for gold. can you share it?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #460 ---
I hope you can share the enhanced MQ4 here, so others can learn from it. May be @Mapi will allow it on his thread.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Still under debugging, not finished yet!  Perhaps, it is just my naive thought.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Hi and thanks for this grate job that you have shared with us.

I cannot understand it's methodology so I hope and will really appreciate it if you or any one that will try to explain it for me with other words than you already have used.

Sorry for this. But I am confused about how it operate.

Also, forexample when you explained it's settings. You said min-lot is the highest lot volume that is allowed in every cycle. But this seems to be the minimum lot size. I mean the starting lot size of the cycle.

Shortly: I am confused, but feel that there are a grate idea behind it, and I like to figure it out.

Thanks again for the sharing.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Hi, please read post 1 again...min lot is the volume to start the cycle...cheers

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Guys, what do you think of this? The guy in the video mentions they are using a "triangular moving average" method (1:52) to determine whether the market is ranging or trending, and act consequently.

Inserted Video

@TeChaoLiang, @MaPi, and others, what do you think?

--- 帖子 #465 ---
a lot in there not just the "triangular moving average" method

- cut-loss when market conditions change

- money management and position sizing strategy

- bi-direction grid and one-direction grid

- average down and average UP is important

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Hi MaPi!!

Thank you for sharing your EA with all of us!

I look forward to sharing my results with you and contributing my results with everyone.

I downloaded and installed the latest version of Ikarus and I have also implemented the parameters in the settings that you have in forum.

The problem is that operations are not triggered and takes a few days without launching them.

I have put EURUSD at 5 min... Could you tell me what I failed at?

Thank you and again congratulations on this forum

--- 帖子 #467 ---
TMA repaint a lot. I tried to do an EA based on that. In ranging market it is ok but in trend market crash your account. The trend is your friend why go against it?

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Hi, most likely the conditions for opening up an cycle have not been reached...Run some backtest in visual mode and lower StDev on BollingerBands to check...Cheers

--- 帖子 #469 ---
The objective is to try and figure out ways to extend Icaurs's survival on the market. One idea was to have a switch from with-the-trend to against-the-trend and vice-versa, depending on the market conditions (trending or ranging). So instead of opening orders against the trend, you would open them accordingly. Hence, my post as an idea of an approach for that.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Hi, very briefly cause I am busy...

Some good ideas, never tried TMA as filter for a grid, but I could be worth a try

Cheers

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Busy with setting up commercial agenda.

Think again. Digital marketing is expensive.

Sales lead can cost from US$200 to $1,000 with no conversion guarantee.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
??? Do not understand what you mean, was it for me? Cheers

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Hi, I started to play around with the version, here is my feedback.

1)      I do not need the “Mapi_Trigger”, I can easily use the “used” setting to have my mode, or have I missed something again?

2)      Stochastik Filter should be on the slow Line, not on the fast one.

3)      ATR mode is not working, regardless of the settings (Multipler/TimeFrame) it will open the orders with the same distance.

4)      Max_position = 0 is not enabling the manual mode (Alert yellow)

Having this said your work looks promising, especial the combination of unbalanced mode and indicators is nice.

If you would find the time to overwork the code with the mentioned points I would be super grateful.

Ongoing it will be very interesting, to combine your ideas of classifying the trend (bidirectional/one directional) and having some more thought on unbalance_controll (or other hedging logics) + some ideas on money&riskmanagement

Thanks again, Cheers!

--- 帖子 #474 ---
what~

--- 帖子 #475 ---
How can I help you?

--- 帖子 #476 ---
OK! MaPi Trigger is removed. Also Invert the MaPi trigger.

The fast one is the Main Line, the slow one is the Signal Line. It has been changed to the Signal Line.

It should work now. Just miss an "else."

I didn't change any part of that. I think it is because you were using indicators to initiate the first cycle, before the EA trying to open an order, it won't check the Max_position, that is, you have to wait for indicators fail to trigger an order (over Max_position) and you can then enter the manual mode.  In other words, do not use indicators, if you want to enter manual mode via set Max_position = 0.

I didn't change anything of its unbalance control, although I think it makes no sense.

The new modified version is attached.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Our topic of this thread is "Free Grid EA Ikarus," but guys here should aware that Ikarus or Icarus is not a traditional Grid EA, and it had been modified by many peoples. After I have been traced the source codes of it, I would like to call it a semi-grid EA.

A simple and traditional grid trading logic is we determine a grid size in advance, for example 20 pips, and a reference price for starting grid trading. If the current price is upper than the reference price plus 20 pips, we open a sell order, and at the same time, the reference price is changed to the current price. The TP and SL are no necessary to be depended on the grid size, your can set and modify them arbitrary if you are trading manually. Also, if the current price is lower than the reference price minus 20 pips, we open a buy order, the reference price is changed to the current price. This kind of grid trading logic is an Against-the-trend grid trading, sell at the higher grid line and buy at the lower grid line. This strategy will lock in profits as both buy and sell orders are triggered, but it requires a stop loss if the price moves in one direction. It favors a ranging market.

When we switch the direction of buy and sell, the grid trading logic will buy at the higher grid line and sell at the lower grid line. The grid trading logic will become a with-the-trend grid trading. This strategy requires an exit when things are going well in order to lock in profits.

You don't need any EA to do grid trading, you just need to put pending orders at the price of each grid line and set appropriate SL and TP.

We can now compare Icarus to the traditional grid trading.

1. Icarus no a starting point (reference price), it put a pair of hedging orders to start the grid trading. That is, initiates a buy cycle and a sell cycle simultaneously. Using my modified version, we can use indicators to determine the timing of initiating each cycles and not starting with a pair hedging orders.

2. Icarus open a new order only on two situations. When a cycle close in profit then a new cycle is initiated, and, when a last order in its cycle reaches the virtual SL, a new order is add to the cycle. It does not open a new order when the last order in its cycle reaches the virtual TP. This is weird comparing to the traditional grid trading. Instead, when a last order of its cycle reaches the virtual TP, it only calculate the total profit of the cycle and performing the profit lock control. That's why I call the trading logic of Icarus a semi grid trading.

3. Icarus is a kind of Against-the-trend grid trading. It open buy order at the lower grid line and open sell order at the higher grid line when and only when the virtual SL is reached. Although it just a semi Against-the-trend grid trading, the SL control is still important. Because Icarus does not set a real SL together with the market orders it sends. There is no SL protection for your account and will eventually kill your account when in a trending market.

4. The profit lock control of Icarus is also weird. I would like call it a "profit loss control." Why? A real profit lock control is when we reach a certain amount of profit, we take some portion of the profit from the trade by closing order partially. However, Icarus do another way, it just set a percentage of max profit to protect the profit. When the total profit is less than the percentage of the max profit it ever reached, it close the cycle and take only the percentage of max profit. For example, if you set Profit_Lock to 0.3 you only receive 30 percent of the max profit the cycle ever reached. You loss 70 percent of max profit that you had the opportunity to earn. Because Icarus current version never send any order modification to trading server, it won't do any real profit lock control (take some profit out by close orders partially and leave the rest orders in the trade.) When you understand how Icarus doing the profit lock, you should know how to set Profit_Lock value to gain more profit.

5. Icarus never put any pending orders as traditional grid trading does, it only put market orders. Perhaps, the very beginning version of Icarus, before it becoming Ikarus or Icarus, the EA will put pending orders. I don't have the very original version, I am not sure. From the source code of Icarus, I found functions never used, and functions newly added. But one thing is sure, that is, Icarus has changed it trading logic from a traditional grid trading to what I described above.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
I appreciate your overview of this way of trading. Please. Can you create a set file according to the following idea? From various analyzes, I conclude that the price will sooner or later reach a certain specific value. I want to run the EA Grid set so that I can achieve this value with the highest possible profit and with the lowest possible drawdown.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
What are you going to do when the price reaches a certain specific value? If you want the EA start to run at this value, you can set an alert on your MT4 terminal, when the price reaches the given value, give a notification to your smart phone and you can start the EA to run.

If you want to achieve the highest possible profit, you should set the Profit Lock to a higher value, for example, 0.8. You have to set an appropriate grid size by dividing the range of swinging into few segments. As long as the market is still in ranging, you earn the money as you want and won't have a large draw down.

Because Icarus does not has a real SL control, when the market turn to trending, you will lose a lot. What you can do is to set Account_Risk value to protect your account, for example, 0.3, Icarus will close all orders when the equity is less than the balance by 30%. And then you just lose 30% of your balance. However, set Account_Risk to a too small value could drag Icarus from achieving the possible highest profit.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
I guess I wrote it incomprehensibly. I will give an example. The current price on USDJPY is 108,921. Analyzes have shown that the price will sooner or later reach, for example, 109,194. I want to run EA immediately. Only long. If the price flies in my direction, I'm satisfied. If the price reaches 109,194 EA, I will stop and remove all USDJPY trades. If the price falls in the opposite direction, then based on the analysis, I decided that it would only be temporary and the price would return and reach 109,194.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Hi my friend, this is the result of my improvement in the blogger EA Ikarus. It has not been completed because of other reasons. I can’t make corrections and modify the source code every day. After some time I will publish the open source MP Thank you @MaPI for providing the open source

--- 帖子 #482 ---
If as you mentioned so, it seems that you don't have to employ any EA to achieve your goal.

You can just put a market order for buy and set the TP at the price 109,194. The lots of the buy order depending on how much your account can hold on when the price falls in the opposite direction. You even do not have to set a SL, if your account can hold on the temporarily lose, soon or later, you will end the trade with profit.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Hi, my friend, you're right. In fact, EA is just an intelligent robot in my opinion. It's better to have Uncle Tom to help clean up the farm when the owner is away. When the owner comes back, he needs to inspect the farm. When the owner is free, he doesn't need Uncle Tom to do it

--- 帖子 #484 ---
The target value is only for disaster protection.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Hi, all this can be done with the original code of Icarus...Ste Only Long in the Ea, let it start the longcycle (before choose the volume). Choose a TP setting reflecting your targeprice. Activate "Stop Next Cycle"...No need for a new code...Cheers

--- 帖子 #486 ---
I try to do this and trade in one direction cycles.... working nicely. Still testing all the possible input combination it the EA settings.

I need another few months testing to have a better feel of the EA handling trades in different market type conditions.

Good job done by and support TeChaoLiang.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hi, I will start testing the new version tomorrow and give you feedback. Could you please code the possibility that max_position 0 will also enable Alert yellow when indicators are used?

Reason behind: when trading with indicators and time to monitor prices you often find a spot where you want to start a cycle or a hedge for a open cycle. At the moment you have to change all indicator settings to do so, this is why I have the request.

I respect your view on the unbalance controll but would advise to keep it in for the moment. Obviously it is not perfect right now and will need some update. But in reality I use it in my Version from time to time.

Reason behind: My broker is offering 0 margin for hedged position. So in a drawdown this mode allows me to have a much higher range before I am going to margin call or liquidation.

What do you think on a filter option, that all orders are only opened in 1 or more (choosen by setting) downtick (sells) or uptick (buys). We do have spread controll allready (by the way, all old versions of the EA I know used market orders and I like it that way, I am not sure if we could controll slippage when using limits and stops), but this could give us more protection in a fast market situation. Would be interested to have your and other opinion on this.

Cheers and thank you for your brilliant effort...

--- 帖子 #488 ---
I am a newbie and this is my first post on FF.

MaPi you have a great forum with the potential of making a great EA.

I just subscribed. Have you started the YouTube channel?

If yes give us a link.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Welcome...not yet, but I will keep you posted, hope to be able to start next month...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #490 ---
I try to not change Icarus' logic as much as possible, thus, I didn't embed codes into its mainly parts of grid trading logic. So that you can used Icarus as usual except you can decide the timing of opening cycles by employing indicators. Before I am going to make a much more modification of Icarus, would you please try to set the max_position to -1? I think that will be enough to enable Alert Yellow. If it is OK, I tend not to change Icarus too much, for that will possible brings another unknown logical errors.

I didn't change a litter bit of unbalance control.

What I am working out is to develop another grid trading EA inspired from Icarus. I will call it Robin. When I was in my teenage (1975) there was a song "Fly Robin Fly," I hope the EA can up up to the sky.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
OK, MaPi, I change Icarus_2.2.1_Modified to Icarus_2.2.2_Modified as attached.

I give you another choice to enable Alert Yellow directory without changing max_position setting. When you set "Enable Alert Yellow Directly" to 'true,' you will have what you want.  Others don't have to download this version if you don't have the same requirement as MaPi's.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
When you decide to publish yours Flying Robin EA, Mr. Liang?

--- 帖子 #493 ---
First of all, I am not sure whether or not it could be publish here? Secondary, the Flying Robin EA is still under testing and debugging. If MaPi allow, maybe I could state the idea of Flying Robin firstly here, so that everyone can give me valuable suggestions.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
I think if MaPi allow it, you better open a new thread for Flying Robin EA, then it will not messy the MaPi thread.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
It would be wonderful if you can add CCI & Moving average indicators to the list. Thanks and Great job to you, Mapi and others for all the hard work

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Hello, off course you have my ok to publish it here, as you know my idea was always to take Icarus as staring point and develope it with the members of forexfactory to a better flyer...

Actually I would be grateful to have the discussion on and the developing of Robin here in this thread, due to the fact it is based on Icarus...But finaly this will be your choice and call...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Hi, no, I don´t agree with your opinion. If you read post 1 carefully it would be exactly the direction I am aiming for in this thread...Cheers

--- 帖子 #498 ---
[quote = TeChaoLiang; 13517441] {quote}我试图尽可能不改变Icarus的逻辑，因此，我没有将代码嵌入到其主要的网格交易逻辑部分中。因此您可以照常使用伊卡洛斯（Icarus），除了可以通过使用指标来确定开盘周期的时间。在我对Icarus进行更多修改之前，请您尝试将max_position设置为-1吗？我认为这足以启用“黄色警报”。如果可以，我倾向于不对Icarus进行过多更改，因为这可能会带来另一个未知的逻辑错误。{quote}我没有改变一点不平衡控制。{quote}我正在研究的是开发另一个受Icarus启发的网格交易EA。我称它为罗宾。在我十几岁的时候（1975年），有一首歌“ Fly Robin Fly”，我希望EA能够飞上蓝天。 干杯。[/ quote]

I'm already working on the idea you mentioned

I'm already working on the idea you mentioned. I'm working hard on the code and changing the original Settings and grid ideas. I'm already testing the model on my VPS, and I can only have coffee for about 2 hours at noon eastern time in Canada

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Which idea you are referring to?

The history is not looking like you are using Icarus at all, or have you changed the code in using pending orders? Would you be so kind to share your ea with a description to us? Just asking because I want to keep the thread transparent and clean, think you will understand...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Hello. We will never be able to finish the project when everyone will ask for his preferred indicators. What are you reasons to ask for those 2, any practical experience they will add a plus to the EA?

From my perspective we should stop adding indis atm and focusing on the following things:

1. A possible switch from bidirectional to directional and back

2. Risk controll, either improvement of SL logic when switching modus or improvement of hedging logic when switching the mode or both

3. Safty functuality, e g. Filter up and downticks

When we have accomplished this we can start heavy backtesting, if the indicators are not giving us exoected results, we can change them after this.

Don't get me wrong, but I am not on the serge of holy grale, I perfectly understand the involved logic of the EA due to my practical experience over years, and I want to create together with you an improved version, STILL BEEING AWARE THE RISKS INVOLVED IN THIS TRADINGSTYLE...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #501 ---
it's a dead style

--- 帖子 #502 ---
The indicators I put in the list are those can be used to decide when to buy and when to sell.  A single MA or CCI indicator give no definite buy or sell signal to us.

For instance, we can set EMA(144) and EMA(169), then the two EMA line will form a Vegas tunnel for us.  If we use CCI(34) and CCI(89), we can define the golden cross as well as the death cross to decide buy and cell.

Arrange a single CCI or MA indicator is easy, but I have to know how do you use them to decide whether or not to enter the market. Otherwise, I can't write coded to decide when to initiate a cycle.

I always use CCI(34) and CCI(89) together, when CCI(34) up cross CCI(89), I regard it as a buy signal.  I can put the code in my EA to decide when to buy and when to sell, because I know how I use CCI to aid me for decision.

it is vague to me that how to use a CCI or MA value to determine a buy or a sell signal.  There are many ways to look at these two indicators.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
What is the purpose of your intervention here? If you don't feel like grid trading can turn out to be profitable, then you are better off focusing on your own strategies than posting on this thread...

I also feel like there is no point in adding indicators in there now. Too many indicators becomes basically astrology at some point; plus, doing some "AND" combining conditions on several indicators would result in an EA that would basically open one or two trades every century.

Let's focus on more practical things: risk control, how to make the EA survive longer, and most importantly, do some tests to see if the cash-out/pay-out can overcome the events of blow-ups in usual market conditions.

EDIT: basically what MaPi and TeChaoLiang said, but I feel like you guys tend to forget we need to test things regularly, otherwise we end up putting too much work into something that might be useless in the first place.

--- 帖子 #504 ---
I respect your work, many people have tried to unite grid and hedge...I am playing with one EA on demo acc, it seems that may be it can be useful for somebody. This EA locks your DD and then tries to close the lock, using build-in simple martingale to generate profits.  Attached File(s)   Brainy Locker 1.39.ex4

137 KB
|
526 downloads

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Hello all, here is my thoughts on Flying Robin EA:

I hope this robin can dynamically adapt to the wind to chase high, chase low, or hover to keep profits.

It adopts virtual TP and virtual SL which are similar to Icarus. The calculation of virtual TP and virtual SL depends on the grid size. The following is abbreviated as TP and SL for simplicity. The difference is that when an order touches its SL, that will be regarded as a potential trending signal, and two opposite orders will be placed at the same time. One of these two orders is used to lock the loss, and the other is used to chase profit. When the reverse order reaches the same profit as the locked loss, close one of them together with the order that previously touched the SL. In this way, we can maintain the BE of the account.

In addition, when an order touches its TP, Flying Robin will add an order along with the trend and performs profit lock. Profit lock can be based on Icarus' profit lock which is actually a trailing SL, or it can be calculated and partially closed orders to be a real profit lock. Then, close all orders when the total profit of the remaining orders in this cycle returns to zero.

The Flying Robin will also be like Icarus. There are two cycles of buy and sell, and each cycle ends with a profit. However, in a with-the-trend trading, in addition to the newly added orders in the buy cycle when the TP is touched, there are also buy orders added when an order in the sell cycle touches its SL. And vice versa.

Such a grid trading strategy seems to be just a with-the-trend strategy. If you want to take into account both with-the-trend and against-the-trend, you can adjust the Flying Robin still add a same direction order like Icarus when the last order in its cycle first touches its SL, and then put many orders to follow the trend when the previous same directional order added touches its SL again. ( the number of orders should be enough to eliminate the previous two losing orders when the trend continues, generally speaking, it should be at least greater than 4 to make BE and chasing profit.) I am going to let this adjustment could be arranged in the settings. In other words, if you want it to immediately follow the trend, it will immediately reverse the trading direction when it first touches the SL. If you want it to hover and watch, you can follow the trend when the second time SL is reached.

For the sake of easily control, I am not going to use any progressive lots and place each order with a single basic lots. You can set the number of orders when placing new orders to achieve the purpose of incremental lots. This is also convenient for the subsequent closing of certain profitable positions when performing profit lock.

The above is a brief summary of my thoughts, waiting for your advice and feedback.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Icarus modifications note:

Icarus_2.2.1_modified is OK, but the default value of ATR multiplier 1.5 is too small, you have to set 15000 to make effect.

Icarus_2.2.2_modified is same as Icarus_2.2.1_modified only added an additional setting to switch Alert Yellow enable directly.

Icarus_2.2.3_modified as attached is same as Icarus_2.2.2_modified, but I have enlarged the ATR value by 10000 or 100, so that it can represent pip value scale. And the default can still be 1.5

EDIT: New Up Loaded !!!

--- 帖子 #507 ---
After three weeks trading one pair on a $1,000 account, profit $117.18 with max draw down of 5.51%

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Please provide mql to understand its logic.

In any case, this EA is outdated.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Two modes for EA to work

Semi-auto

Work as a helper to the brain to give signals and manage execution. This means the brain will decide whether it's trending, sideways or flat market.

A flat market means no trading.

What will EA do after the brain decides to go for a trend

1. Direction decision

2. Risk to take

3. Performance goal: wins % loss % to decide on whether to use simple or complicated risk controls

4. Risk to manage

By TP, by SL, by the hedge in opposite direction, or by cutting exposure time, by averaging losing positions, by pyramiding winning positions, use martingale, equity profit/loss.

5 Fixed lots or variable lots

6.Stick to the above simple risk controls or use complicated ones like profit protect, trail profit, breakeven, hedge lock and hedge release lock, re-hedge lock etc etc.

II Sideways trading

Brain estimates when sideway has started,  how fast or slow will be the speed of momentum, when will it start and when will it end.

Auto trading

Find factors that can give stable or constant values for EA to replace the brain as a decision-maker and give entry signals.

--- 帖子 #510 ---
& it is not not enough? Icarus_2.2.3_Modified.mq4   235 KB | 7 downloads

your GOBLIN from many topic

die friend

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Do not have it, unfortunately.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Hi my friend, the report you are looking at is that I am currently executing the strategy semi-automatically! Because EA is not finished yet, I improved it on the basis of Ikarus

What 123VPS is running is the prototype in the test

My idea is to cancel Ikarus BB and add ATR volatility, moving average parameter identification trend and money management, plus pending order detection.

The general idea is

1. Detect the value of yesterday's volatility and set the grid according to yesterday's volatility. Pending order batch trading (the first order is 0.3 at 100 points, the fourth pending order is at 130 points, the fourth is at 170 points, the fourth is 220

2. Use 5 8 13 21 34 55 to detect the current trend direction

3. When yesterday's volatility is 100 points, today's volatility is 3/1 to execute up and down pending orders

4. The method of pending order is low, long, high sell, and the number of pending orders is 3/6/9/13/16/21 (batch)

5. The way of entering the market is to use the initial appearance Fibonacci draw 3-3 draw the Fibonacci number adjust out %50 When the price rebounds or rises to the 50% position, all positions are closed

6. The fund management adopts the forced liquidation strategy to detect that the floating loss on the day reaches 10% of the total capital. Forced liquidation of all positions

7. Use moving averages to detect trends and execute low-to-multiple pending orders or high-altitude pending orders

8. Only work from the opening of the European market to the end of the US market in the morning, and stop trading at other times

Nothing else has changed. I just adjusted these because of my work. I haven’t completed the remaining work/back-test. I can only test on the VPS.

It has not been completed. When the test version is completed, I will publish the source code. It may take some time because I have a lot of work pressure during this period. I need to complete many, many IDC tasks.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Thanks TeChaoLiang

I am running the first version Ikarus 2.0 for one month now. So far, it ran error free and I only run that in semi-auto mode. So far, I can say that the EA trade management is quite robust in handling trades even when MT4 get interrupted and re-started often.

Will include your version Icarus_2.2.3 starting next week in my live forward testing. But I will not use the indicators for trading.

Good work you do here for the community. Thank you.

Have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Dear traders MaPi and TeChaoLiang

I've been following the thread for almost a week and happy to observe it is going to an amazing adventure.

Keep on good work and generously share with the community

Cheers all

--- 帖子 #515 ---
For couple weeks of incubation, my little Robin is hatched out from its egg.

Last weekend, I was training her to fly. My training environment is to do back testing from 3/22/2021 to 4/23/2021. The reason I take this period to be a back test window is, for some currency pairs within this window Icarus is very easily to touch the ground. Moreover, on a Demo account, I had put Icarus with 0.3 initial lots and progression 1, do a forward test of GBPUSD on last Friday, I set an initial account balance to 6000 USD, I received margin calls at the same day.

I had trained my Robin with several currency pairs, EURUSD, GBPUSD, AUDUSD, NZDUSD and also AUDJPY, USDJPY, NZDJPY, GBPJPY. The training purpose is to find an appropriate settings for all pairs and set them to be the defaults.

Robin acts a different way from Icarus. Let me explain the settings of Rabin as follows.

When you use Robin, some settings are related. Virtual SL is related to the grid size directly, although Virtual TP is independent of the grid size, but you should set TP to a little larger than the grid size because Robin will try to chase the profit on one hand, and will try to as much as possible cover the loss of previous position on the other hand. If the TP is not larger than the grid size, it won’t has enough profit to cover the loss. My suggestion is set TP to 1.3 grid size. I like to use ATR to determine the grid size, the default settings of ATR is a relative better settings so far I had trained her. If you use ATR to determine the grid size, an appropriate TP is also be calculated at the same time.

There are no balance control, no lots progression, no grid size progression in Robin because she doesn’t use them. However, there are three additional settings in Robin, they are,

A. Hover for a moment before with the trend: Default setting is false, which means when Robin feels a potential trend is coming by a position reaching its virtual SL, she will reverse the direction of the new orders to follow the trend. Otherwise, she will still hover and open a new order against the trend as what Icarus did. When the newly added order hit its SL again, she then will reverse the direction to follow the trend.

B. No. of opposite orders in changing direction: Default setting is 2. When following the trend, Robin will open two opposite orders. One for hedging the loss position to lock the loss. Another is used to chase the profit. You can try to set more than 2, but at least you should set to 2.

C. No. of orders with the trend: Default is 1. When Robin in a with-the-trend state and a position reaches the TP, she will add a new order to chase the profit. Also, you can set orders more than one to chase the profit. Do not be afraid to set this value to 2, 3, or more. It totally won’t hurt your account but double, treble or more to get profit from you are chasing if the price continue goes to it direction (that’s why I set max positions to 10 as default, of course, you can set more. Setting a larger number of max positions won’t hurt your account at all. This is different to Icarus, Icarus will.) Robin employs the same profit lock control as Icarus, once a virtual TP is reached, profit lock control is enabled. When positions new opened are in a wrong direction profit lock control will close all positions in the cycle including positions you extra added for chasing the profit. I set the default to 1 is the most conservative setting for training purpose. (Icarus doesn’t open new positions to follow the trend when the virtual TP is reached, although I think it should do, otherwise it cannot take any advantage of the ongoing trend. I do have a desire to change this in Icarus but I didn’t, for the sake of keeping the trading logic of Icarus as pure as original)

Indicators are only used to initiate a new cycle. I use BB(2.0) TF=M15 Period=14 to trigger a new cycle. If no use of indicators Robin will also open a pair hedging orders as Icarus does. I set ATR TF=M5, Period=14, Multiplier=2.0 for determine the grid size automatically. But you have to aware that this settings cannot be applied to Icarus. Why? To an against-the-trend grid trading, we need a smaller grid size. To a with-the-trend grid trading, the grid size should be larger. (At this moment, I realize why Icarus doesn’t put pending orders, because when using a smaller grid size, some pending orders could be refused by trading servers.)

Lastly, May I ask everyone on this thread a favor? Could you please run BTs as well as FTs using my little Robin and feedback to me, so that I can make improvement?

Robin 1.0 is attached follows.
Attached File(s)   Robin_1.0.ex4

168 KB
|
364 downloads
Attached File(s)   Robin_1.0.mq4

236 KB
|
536 downloads

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hi MaPi and TeChaoLiang

Huge thanks for your efforts and time to develope this EA

I've been running the EA since Friday last week on major pairs but it didn't take any trades despite the volatility was really good and indicators were showing all kinds of opportunities for entry

Do you have any suggestions?

Maybe I'm doing something wrong

Was turning on and off BB, Stochastic indicators in inputs, no change

Thank you

--- 帖子 #517 ---
[quote = Evcryto78; 13520809] Hola, MaPi y TeChaoLiang Muchas gracias por sus esfuerzos y su tiempo para desarrollar este EA. He estado ejecutando el EA desde el viernes de la semana pasada en pares importantes, pero no tomó ninguna operación a pesar de que la volatilidad fue realmente buena. y los indicadores mostraban todo tipo de oportunidades de entrada. ¿Tiene alguna sugerencia? Quizás estoy haciendo algo mal. Encendido y apagado de BB, indicadores estocásticos en las entradas, sin cambios. Gracias {image} [/ quote]

Hello, I have put, false BB Icarus V2.2.3 and it executes the operations as Icarus 2.2

Try Icarus 2.2 and MaPi modifications

--- 帖子 #518 ---
No, you were doing nothing wrong. Only if you use BB(3.0) and together with STO indicator. That will be a very strict condition for triggering a trade. Do you know it only has 1/1000 of probability that the price will reach upper or lower line of BB(3.0)?

The default settings of indicators is suggested by MaPi, they are too strict to trigger a trade. Maybe you should reset a looser indicators settings.

You can also tell us your indicators settings, so that we can figure out your problem.

We don't have to use a very strict condition for indicator to trigger a first order. As long as we can assure that we buy at a relative lower price and sell at a relative higher price. That's enough. Gird trading strategy is not an one shoot decision.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
im using ikarus2.0 ,there are so many modifications after that ,if someone can please guide me which one is the latest or best to use?thanks.why dont i see ikarus 2.0 anymore on this thread? the owner has removed the original one?

--- 帖子 #520 ---
i m using it on live trading cent account of eu and let u know how it works?

--- 帖子 #521 ---
I never changed a little bit of IKarus or Icarus on its mainly trading logic. The modifications only added indicators for helping to find a better entry point for each cycle.

If you don't use any indicators, just set all indicators to not used it should work like the original one. That is, all modification versions work the same way, if you are not using indicators.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Hi, I replaced it with v 2.2 which had no changes just a cleaned up code...

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Thanks,what is the best version? i used 2.0 and its ok.does any of the other versions have the trend following opening option? or robin does the same as icarus with this facility?

thanks my dear,im using all the indcators to open the first trade trend following to minimize the DD.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Do you mean Robin? Please and thanks.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
As I mentioned before, I did not change the trading logic of Icarus in every modifications. Icarus doesn't have the trend following opening option. The modifications are just provide indicators for helping enter a trade, not the trend following option.

Trading logic of Robin is totally different. Do not mix Robin with Icarus. Icarus won't follow the trend, it is against the trend. While Robin will follow the trend because it is a with-the-trend grid trading.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Hi, it gives me error due to I did not install Center of Gravity (which I do not see in the settings)...

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Hey, I run just a quick 90% BT and everything seems to be right. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also checked ATR and it seem to work now
Enable Alert yellow seems to have some problems, first the buttons are turning red, not yellow (I can live with that, no prob) when activated, but I will not be able to open positions (the secure windows is opening, but after confirming there is no order execution). EA is giving error messages:  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It says I tried 0,00 Lot but I tried 0,01 Lot (also this is the volume confirmed in the opening window)...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #528 ---
I can't image why? I try to force Icarus enable Yellow Alert by setting max position to -1 or Enable Alert Yellow, it works on other currency pairs but not on EURUSD.

It seems that only EURUSD is abnormal. It is really weird, I don't know why just EURUSD doesn't work? The codes should indifferent to any chart.

I double checked the source code of Icarus. There are two situations will enable Alert Red, one is the margin required for next order is greater than the free margin, the other is (100-(100*equity_warning))/100*max_equity>Account Equity, however, none of the two conditions met. It should not be Alert Red.

Also, I had test Ikarus 2.2, without changing any its defaults, it also Alert Red. And I try to open a new order manually Ikarus fail to open the order. I also tried Icarus 2.2.3_modified on other currency pairs, it can open order manually under the Alert Yellow mode. I remember two weeks ago, Icarus or Ikarus can run normally. But since last week on, It always shows Alert Red and nothing can be done.

Run back test on EURUSD is OK. But EURUSD doesn't accept EAs to be executed in real time mode no mater what IKarus or Icarus 2.2.3_modified. It should be not the problem from brokers, My broker and your broker are different, but all refuse EA to run.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Hola tengo

Hi, I have the same error. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #530 ---
CenterOfGravity is a custom indicator, you have to put the ex4 file in your MQL4\indicators\ directory.

I am not sure which version of COG is applied, anyway, you just put the two files as attached will be OK.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
[quote = TeChaoLiang; 13521394] {quote} CenterOfGravity es un indicador personalizado, tienes que poner el archivo ex4 en tu directorio MQL4 \ indicadores \. No estoy seguro de qué versión de COG se aplica, de todos modos, simplemente coloque los dos archivos adjuntos y estará bien. {archivo} {archivo} [/ cita]

Ok, thank you very much, I test it on EUR / USD and GBP / USD.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Thank you, TeChaoLiang

If you would be so kind to help me out with settings as I'm not familiar with this EA settings

Huge thanks TeChaoLiang

--- 帖子 #533 ---
BTW buttons appear simply green

Thanks

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Off course, because you are using version 2 2...cheers

--- 帖子 #535 ---
No, Mapi, it is irrelevant to what version used. No mater what version, EURUSD always shows Alert RED.

The only value from trading server end will affect Alert RED is the Margin Requested. I had written a script to get Market Information, Chart of EURUSD give me information with no any strange comparing to charts of other currency pairs.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #536 ---
MaPi,

Although it totally makes no sense to me, but it just happened. When you execute EA, no mater what versions, Icarus or my Robin, EURUSD chart doesn't like your magic number: 11235. If you set 11235 to another value, everything is OK. Why? I don't know. The magic number is just a number, it should be innocent. I went through all the program logic of EAs, there is no reason for magic number 11235 will possibly conflict EURUSD chart.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Hi, guys,

If you are using indicators to decide a better entry point of grid trading EAs, Icarus or my Robin, something you should know.

When you set Selected indicators  conjuncted apply (Robin) or All selected indicators will be applied together (Icarus) to "true," trigger conditions of indicators will be applied via logical AND relation.  That is, the more indicators you choose to use, the less opportunities to initiate a trade, of course, the opportunities of take profit will be small.

When you set the value to "false," note that it is not the default setting, one of the indicators reaches its trigger condition a trade will be initiated.  That is, the more indicators you choose, the more opportunities to initiate a trade.  The opportunities of take profit will be large.

By the way, my first upload version of Robin 1.0 is use BB and COG together.  I have already re-uploaded a new Robin 1.0 using only BB.  You don't have to re-download it.  It is still same as the previous one, you can just set the CoG is used to "false" for more opportunities to enter a trade.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Dear Liang,

I test and retest your version of the EA and I see I need only one more feature.

Could it stop cycle instead of coloring buttons yellow? Then we could use it full auto in trend periods

Thank you for your work!

--- 帖子 #539 ---
May I ask which pair, timeframe and settings?

Thanks a lot and happy green pips!

--- 帖子 #540 ---
yes sir,i will use robin and let u know how it works.Thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Did you use this MQ4 here
Center of Gravity (COG) Indicator | Forex Factory
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...-cog-indicator?

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Hey,

Yellow is working in 2.2.3_Modiefied

Attached Image

It went red on the first test due to Global Variable, I tested on a bigger account first and switched than to a smaller one, in those cases you need to delete old Max_Equity input in the GV, if not EA will show a massive drawdown caused by equity high GV vs current Equity...

When I activated "enable alert directly" I can not trade via the buttons. But the buttons are activated via max_pos (not with -1 but 1 or higher) or equity drawdown, the trading via the buttons works fine, even with magic 11235...Maybe this helps finding the problem in the code...Cheers

--- 帖子 #543 ---
The settings are OK.  You can set CoG is used to false to increase opportunities of entering trade.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Not so bad, first time I see the baby flying in multi timeframe mode  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #545 ---
It (Icarus or Robin) stops cycle only when the cycle is with max_profit marked and the profit is less than profit_lock*max_profit. In other word, it always closed with a positive profit.

The case we need close a cycle manually via buttons yellow is you want to stop a negative profit cycle, because they won't close a negative profit cycle.

You want it stop a negative profit cycle other than a positive one, you have to specify in what situation you have to close the cycle.

For instance, if you set profit lock to 1, then when the last order of a cycle is reached TP and total profits of orders in this cycle is greater than 0 the positive profit cycle will be stopped. Likewise, if you want it stop a negative profit cycle you have to give me a condition for stopping the cycle.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
If I understand it right the manual buttons change color to yellow when the trend becomes strong. Anyway, may you use the same trigger as for the buttons color changing for the stop cycle event?

--- 帖子 #547 ---
No, yellow means Max. Position is reached. You can easily hit stop next cycle, why asking for function which is already in? Cheers

--- 帖子 #548 ---
I repeat my idea for the third time:

Now max.position just kills the depo untill the max drawdown or manual cycle stop. I propose to stop it automatically when the situation "max.position + several points" or "max.position + ... " is reached.

Because now this EA works great and then lose all the gains at every long trend period (so it's only semi-auto|semi-manual) - look at the backtests 2020 on any pair

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Ok, got you, you mean a stop out after x points when yellow...but why not use SL function which is there allready? What do you think is the benefit to do it that way?

Btw. 2020 EU was doing fine, see latest BT...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Nice take-off

I'm just curious how did you choose certain parameters such as grid size or profit lock which seems to be an accurate number of 0.89?

Did you just optimize it for EU or you did something more?

That would be great to share your ideas on your criteria for optimizing the parameters

--- 帖子 #551 ---
[quote = fx1079; 13522446] {quote}您是否在此處使用了此MQ4重心（COG）指標| 外匯工廠 https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/651904-center-of-gravity-cog-indicator？[/ quote]

You can use any version of COV you like, just change the name of ex4 file to "Center Of Gravity.ex4" and put it into the indicators directory.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
It (Icarus or Robin) will show an Alert Yellow, when the account state reach max_positions. Total positions of buys and sells are counted separately.  That is, when total positions of a buy cycle is greater than max positions or total positions of a sell cycle is greater than max position Alert Yellow is turned on.

However, because the grid trading strategy of Rabin is quite different to what of Icarus, the meanings of positions of a cycle greater than max positions are also different.  In Icarus, when a cycle reaches the max positions, it is always a negative profit cycle because Icarus is an Against-the-trend grid trading EA.  Robin is a With-the-trend trading EA, a cycle reaches the max positions not necessary have to be a negative profit cycle.  That is, you have to clearly specify what you mentioned new version EA is Robin or Icarus?

--- 帖子 #553 ---
started Robin 1.0 trading AUDUSD today.

we shall see how Robin performs in a sideways ranging market type conditions.

CAT is watching Robin.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #554 ---
I think maybe I found the problem, it is because when you enable Alert Yellow at very beginning moment of Icarus is executed, there is no buy and sell cycles, that will cause a failure from trading server for the reason of an order is sent with 0 lots. (That is, when you press the BUY or the SELL button, a message box with you confirm you for the number of lots you are going to open, but it actually sent a zero lots to open the order.)

Neither this is my coding error, nor a bug of Icarus. Because under normal cases, no one will try to open a first order manually at the very beginning moment.

However, I can fix it for the sake of you want it to work that way. I use its function CalculateNextVolume() instead of taking number of lots from cycle array of buy_lots[] or sell_lots[] to send new order to trading server. And it works now as you wish, when you force it enter Alert Yellow mode from the GV settings it can open buy or sell order.

The new modified version is then attached for you. Attached File(s)   Icarus_2.2.4_Modified.ex4

155 KB
|
420 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_2.2.4_Modified.mq4

236 KB
|
579 downloads

--- 帖子 #555 ---
I tested and found this EA could only start from 1 lot while trading indice(e.g China A50). Is it broker issue? Otherwise could someone adjust EA to start from 0.01 lot as well?

Much appreciated!

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Sure, GBP/JPY, 15min and OOB settings with zero intervention.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Hmmm... Can't see what's wrong with my test (I copy your settings)

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Sorry, I still can not see this function (((
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I love your graph, but still can't repeat it with the same parameters. Will check and fix, I believe

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #559 ---
You are on 2.2.4, but this should not make a difference...

I tested on a 1:400 Leverage account, what have you used?

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Acoount_Risk is the SL Function...

--- 帖子 #561 ---
is there any model about gs progression and volume progression? i want to learn more on it.

when i was doing reaserach ,look what i found? plese check this thread,post 1343,this trader has done full reaserach on cci entry,im not a coder,so please read this to plan the entry using cci in the light of his studyi n 2012.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ol-box?page=68

--- 帖子 #562 ---
BigEMM,

what GS and volume progression did u use? I trust your knowledge and wisdom,although im doing some reearch on this topic to use fib or alham progression method,thanks

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Now 400, 2.2.3 mod and all the settings as yours (previous test was with my mistakes)

Thank you for your attention!

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Sorry, I think I'm tired ))))))))))

--- 帖子 #565 ---
GS used in 0.5ATR(100) Daily.

GS_progression is disabled (by TeChao Liang)

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Same here!

I tested with to mt4 platforms. One on my laptop and one on the VPS. Former was almkst like you and got margin call stop out. The latter, however, made around 150% with approx 40% DD

Bkth EU M5, since 2020-01-01

Is it really strange? Or maybe it is not that shocking because of different histories. IDK

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Hi,

no I did not run an optimazation so far. I used settings which I used on older versions of the EA. And I trained myself long time ago to use fibo-numbers to prevent me on overoptimasation...that is the hole secret behind my settings  Cheers

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Hmmm, no clou, it´s on a 1:400 € Acc, I downloaded the history of Metaquotes, so this should not cause a problem for you to duplicate. I test it with 10 MT4 points, in average I trade on 0.2 pips but with 6 € com roundturn, thats why I take 10 points...

One think comes up in my mind: My broker does not charge any margin for hedged positions (rare, but superb important when griding in both directions), maybe this is the explanation we are searching for...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Thanks a lot, will check it out asap, cheers

--- 帖子 #570 ---
"And the broker is..." ?

--- 帖子 #571 ---
i like this EA,but this would need a strategy ? or when to attach this EA?should we take the trend trading bias? what tf settign should we keep for all indicators in EA setting to open the trade?

--- 帖子 #572 ---
I stick to my own rules from post one

NO discussion of commercial materials (Brokers, Paid Products, etc).

--- 帖子 #573 ---
As you already said your historical data is for meta trader.

Can you kindly check with another history? Your broker's history for instance. I will double check as well to see which history caused the same settings to a call margin

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Metaquotes history has issues that prevent backtesting properly.

This is a BT with my own broker's history but with Grid Progress = 3 instead of 0: (By changing it to 0 it was a margin call)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This one is also with my broker's history data but on the VPS and with a low-quality model but good result:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, this one is a backtest with MetaQuotes history data which caused to call margin. I attached the chart to see what happened:

ps. the parameters are exactly the same as MaPy's

You can see the price started to failing with the initial long order.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BTW dear MaPy I hope that would not be a problem if I share a set file that contains your parameter settings. Hopefully, other traders will backtest it.

(If you find it disrespectful tell me to remove it)

PS. I hope such reports consider as a progression and motivator to the thread, not sort of an interruption.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
I am cool with this

My broker keeps Intraday History quite short, need to install external data when finding time...cheers

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Yes and No.

Yes, the account risk control will protect your account from loss. It closes all cycles and pause (let EA quit from trades).

No, the account risk control cannot be regarded as a SL function, because it is not watching at the loss of a single position (or even a cycle), it is watching your equity. When your equity is less than your account balance by the amount of given percentage of account balance, the account risk control will close all cycles, and Icarus is then stop running until you re-initiate Icarus to run. Icarus will close all cycles and stop all trades. That is, if you trade many symbols, for example EURUSD, USDJPY, and USDCHF, at the same time using Icarus, when account risk control condition is met, all your trades will then be stopped at the same time.

So, do we need a SL control mechanism in Icarus? The answers still a 'yes and no' dilemma.

Yes, because the grid trading strategy of Icarus is a kind of against the trend strategy, theoretically, an against the trend grid trading strategy is necessary to have

a proper and appropriate SL control. If it does not have such control, you will receive margin calls soon or later. That's why Icarus always start with a good taking off but eventually end with a crash.

No, Icarus only be a semi grid trading strategy, it accumulates its potential profit by its temperately losses. If you apply a proper SL control on Icarus, you also restrict it from getting profit. The positions in a cycle is increased, only when the previous position in this cycle reaches its virtual SL. That is why we will use progressive amount of lots to against the trend. We let Icarus accumulate the potential profit by temperately losses, and wait for the trend is stopped and the price goes to an opposite direction, a negative profit cycle will turn to be a positive profit cycle gradually, and then it will close the positive profit cycle if the profit lock condition is reached. As long as your account balance can survive from its the floating loss you will end with profit eventually. If the account balance cannot survive, the floating loss will become a real loss, position by position.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Hi Farzad

Thanks for sharing these tests results.

Can you also run the same tests for GBPUSD, EURGBP and USDJPY.

I am sure the tests results will help us all learn something more about the market conditions during the same time period and what we shall do when we are forward testing in realtime markets.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
I tell you the reason why. Icarus prefers a smaller grid size but not too small. a too small grid size will cause margin calls.

Then what is the appropriate grid size for Icarus? It depends on the swinging range of the market. That is why I suggest use ATR to decide the grid size.

If You can predict the range of a swinging market by whatever means, for instance, 50 PIPs, you may divide 50 by n, where n less than the max positions you set, and greater than the number of new positions you are going to add progressively. You have to make sure that the temperately losses won't cause margin calls. For instance, if n=5, your grid size should be 10 pips, the total lots in your negative profit cycle is are 1+2+3+4+5 = 15*minlots if you set progressive to 1, you can then predict the worse case in the swinging situation the total loss of the cycle could be (1*50pips+2*40pips+3*30pips+4*40pips+5*50pips)*value(minlots) = 630 pips * value(minlots).

As soon as you account can hold on, it is safe as long as the market is still in a swinging. However, when the market goes to a trending situation, perhaps, you are going to say a bye-bye to your account.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hi Emmanuel

Sure I'll do. However, it needs better historical data as well as optimizations on each pair. Former is possible to be downloaded, latter one needs precise attention and take time but definitely necessary.

Anyone else optimized the parameters, sharing is highly appreciated in order to put our heads together and achieve the best results altogether.

I get your point. I am on a live account with another martingale EA for almost half a year and I have tested many improvements or optimizations on that. One of which was adding an ATR for progression and honestly there was not a good result so I gave up on that and made the progression a certain number.

Sometimes trends happen after a side-way market. So by using ATR with any period such as 14 that would be a small number and may cause a loss after starting a trend.

Meanwhile, Icarus is more sophisticated than my EA and this was the reason why I got interested in Icarus in the first place. So there are 2 possibilities to consider your idea as a good one.

1- My coding is not that good, so probably I could have done something more advanced to make the ATR progression feasible.

2- As I mentioned, Icarus is a sophisticated EA that has options for lot progression as well as distance progression (the distance between every new position when they are in loss)

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Hi!

You can leave 0. Just changed the broker (with no margin for hedging) and received the same nice picture as Mapi

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Ahhh, let me tell you out of own experience, you can get a margincall with a broker who has zero margin on hedges for sure  But for griding these are obv. perfect conditions (+ tight spreads and fair swaps, swaps are very important when it comes to aggresiv grid trading)... Cheers

--- 帖子 #582 ---
My coding is also not good, 6 months ago, I even don't know how to use MQL4 to code an EA. It is true, Icarus is a sophisticated EA, you have to understand its trading logic before you can modify it. The grid size is related to the calculation of virtual SL and virtual TP and that give us a dilemma. If we enlarge the grid size for the sake of not to put too many lots so soon, the enlarged grid size is then also delay the TP (profit goal) to be reached. However, we can solve the problem, if we can use two grid size value, say, grip_size_SL and grid_size_TP, calculated from the original grip_size separately, we can use one for calculating the virtual SL and other for calculating virtual TP.

Talking about of how to use ATR to decide an appropriate grid size, it is a logic problem not a problem of coding skill. You have to know how ATR value be calculated and how do you use it. For instance, if you use ATR period 1 on the time frame 1D with the shift value 1, that means you are taking the swinging range of yesterday. You can use the swinging range of yesterday to predict today's range. There are many ways to predict the current range of swinging, and it is up to you. Once you have found your way to predict the range of swinging, you can then divide the size of range into segments according what grid size progression method you like. For example, if you choose 1 2 3 4 5 as the progression sequence and max positions is 6. Perhaps you can divide the range by 1+2+3+4+5=15 and use 1/15 of the range to be an initial grid size.

--- 帖子 #583 ---
hi guys can i ask 2 questions?

1) has anyone tried to use EA on RENKO?

2) my broker OANDA does not allow hedge. the question is - has anyone tried EA only on SELL or BUY?

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Hello, thanks to the news of the day EA Robin has given these results.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
[quote = Juamt4; 13526867] Hola, gracias a la noticia del día en que EA Robin ha dado estos resultados. [/ quote]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Only buying and selling worked on the GlobalPrime and DeltaStock platforms.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
thank you

--- 帖子 #588 ---
it is showing trade not allowed can anybody help me??

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Robin still needs a little modification so that the results could be better.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Icarus can be used for only buy or only sell, the trading strategy of Icarus is totally no usage of hedging. At the beginning it put a hedging pair is just to initiate two cycle simultaneously only. Icarus is not relied on hedging to trade. But my Robin would.

If you like to trade Icarus both ways on your broker, you can just open two same symbol charts, one trades long only, the other trades short only. The total results together should be almost indifferent to you trade Icarus in one symbol chart Long/Short.

However, my Robin cannot be used this way, because I am using hedging to lock the loss.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Thank you, very instructive for me

--- 帖子 #592 ---
News of testing

When I use 2000EUR balance I backtest 2020 year great

When I use 2000USD balance I get lost after 86 trades

When I use 3000USD balance I get lost after 86 trades

When I use 300USD balance I get lost after 122 trades

--- 帖子 #593 ---
The reason behind the more longevity of 300 EUR account in comparison with 3000 EUR account was probably because of "Error not enough money" if you check the journal tab ;-)

BTW what was your set in this BT? You said you got good results with the new broker.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Let me put it this way and if I'm wrong please correct me.

Imagine, min_lots=0.01 and progression of lot size is 0.01, 0.02, 0.03, 0.04 etc.

Let's say max_positions = 5

so in the worst case scenario, we would have 5 positions with 0.15 lots in total (0.01+0.02+0.03+0.04+0.05 0.15)

Also, the grid progression is based on the last day ATR value multiplied by X

How do you obtain the amount of X?

Actually I don't get how do you reach this:  (1*50pips+2*40pips+3*30pips+4*40pips+5*50pips)*value(minlots)

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Yes. it is correct.

int ATR_Grid_Size()

{

int digits, scale=10000;

digits = (int)MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS);

if (digits == 3 || digits == 2) scale = 100;

if (Use_ATR) return ((int)round(ATR_Multiplier*scale*iATR(Symbol(),ATR_tf,ATR_Period,ATR_shift)));

else return grid_size;

}

Because ATR value is in point scale, you have to multiple by 10000 or 100 to transfer it be a pip scale.

Now you have a predicted swinging range of pip scale.

The following I didn't code in the Icarus, anyone can calculate himself as he like. If you want the grid size can be automatically calculated according to the gs_progression, you can write a code to calculate, for example, if gs_progression = 1, max positions=6, you can divide the swinging range by (1+2+3+4+5)=15.

For every gs_progression value, you can calculate similarly. That is, when the gs_progression is chosen, an appropriate initial grid size is automatically be calculated.

In my modified Icarus 2.2.3 or later, you can use the Multiplier of ATR settings to adjust the predicted range of swinging. For example, if you are using gs_progression = 1, you can set Multiplier = 1/15 = 0.067 to fit your grid size progression setting.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
I like to discuss with you all about the trading concept of using Icarus.

Most traders think we should buy at a lower price and sell at the higher price. However, the traditional rule seems not be applied to Icarus.

I had code modifications of Icarus to use indicators for helping us to find a better entry point. According to the conditions MaPi suggested to me, they are applied in traditional concept, that is, buy at low, sell at high.

We know Icarus is accumulating the temperately loss and waiting the right moment to turn the loss to be positive profit. It add no new positions on a cycle when in profit. Hence, the sooner positions in a cycle is reached at its virtual SL, the sooner Icarus can accumulate the temperately loss for the future potential profit. It is strange to me that, Icarus does not add any new position when the virtual TP is reached.

Perhaps, it could be better for Icarus if we let Icarus initiate a buy cycle at high and a sell cycle at low. (The nature behavior of an Against the trend grid trading strategy is sell at the lower grid line, and buy at the higher grid line.)

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Have you checked the Alow Life Trading box in the EA settings? Cheers

--- 帖子 #598 ---
I run some backtest on USDTRY short only last year to trade into direction of the swap...It looks promissing, but the leverage on TRY pairs is not grid friendly so I did not start this with real money...Cheers

--- 帖子 #599 ---
I may have an explaination for 300 USD case. Due to missing margin I could be, that it did not open some orders and prevent acc from liquidation...TRy to test with max_position to explore this...CHeers

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Hello

So finaly today I will find time to check out the latest version, sry for beeing slow and thanks for your work and input.

In general I like the idea, we could implent it with a setting: Trend/Contra. Contra would be the old style, Trend would flip it around and buy high and sell low (e.g. via Bollinger). To keep it in the style of Icarus I would suggest to do both with market orders.

For adding positions to a winning cycle we would need to do some brainwork. Without having much time to think on it my first impulse would be an option (so we still can choose) for it. When TP is hit and regulary the trailing start, we could add position and use the not realized profit to make sure, the whole cycle including the new opend order will be at least stop out at break even. If the trend goes we could trail the whole cycle...

Just my 3 cents on this, tell me what you think about...Cheers

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I find it a very reasonable and valid idea. Since there is no grid in the world that sooner or later does not burn the account, it could be added, when the EA is in trend function with the gains it makes, it partially closes the positions in loss in the opposite direction. And so it should do for all losing trades, because if the price returns to those positions it is true that you earn less or nothing but if it returns after 2 years you avoid to crash your account. I know that Icarus thinks differently but think about it. Also on the indicators used I would have something to say but it seems to me still early to talk about it there is still a lot of work to do.

I still don't understand why you test on M5 which has a very short history.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
I do like Renkos a lot, but for Icarus it would be only a option when we are having the possibility to trade also in trend direction. Without having a more detailed concept or a high chance of adding plus to the EA based on experience with this I would shy away at the current moment from that idea...Cheers

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Happy NFPs 2 all of us

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #604 ---
NFP Friday was good to me, I wish you all a good weekend...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #605 ---
yes, good NFP  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #606 ---
MaPi, please advise ...

I moved SL manually. is this a problem for Icarus? ..

I assume the hit SL will open SELL ..? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #607 ---
For the sake of distinguishing Icarus_2.2.4_modified and my new modify version, I name the new version to Icarus_M_3.0.

Icarus_M_3.0 works as the same as Icarus_2.2.4_modified, except the indicators triggers is reversed from BUY-LOW/SELL-HIGH to BUY-HIGH/SELL-LOW and add a profit chasing option for chasing the profit in a positive profit cycle.

The first changed from Icarus_2.2.4_modified is just reverse the timing to initiate a new cycle. But I think this is not the most important thing in a grid trading strategy. The original Icarus doesn't have indicators for helping to enter a trade, and use a pair of hedging order to initiate both buy and sell cycles maybe not a bad choice. Enter trades randomly can assure at least one cycle be initiated at a not bad entry point for Icarus. For this reason, I decide to code the modification of different way indicators' trigger as another version of Icarus, Icarus_M_3.0. So that you can run a cross comparison of Icarus_2.2.4_modified and Icarus_M_3.0.

The second changed from Icarus_2.2.4_modified is adding a profit chasing option for chasing profit when a positive profit cycle reaches its virtual TP. If you set 'number of orders for chasing profit' to 0 (default), Icarus_M_3.0 works as it usually does. If set to a number greater than 1, say n, Icarus_M_3.0 will add n new orders (each order is with min lots) to the cycle when virtual TP is reached to chasing the with-trend profit.

For the purpose of comparing, you can set 'number of orders for chasing profit' to 0 and use indicators to compare Icarus_2.2.4_modified with the same indicators settings. That can let us to know which one give us a better timing for enter the trade.

You can also no use of indicators and set 'number of orders for chasing profit' to a value greater than 0 to compare the results of Icarus_2.2.4_modified and Icarus_M_3.0 to see whether or not Icarus should chase profit in the positive profit cycle.

Icarus_M_3.0 is attached.

[EDIT NOTE May 8, 2021 6:42pm]  The attached files have been debugged and modified,  please re-download them!!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.0.ex4

161 KB
|
301 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.0.mq4

244 KB
|
433 downloads

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Can you add the realtime value of BB / RSI / Stoch into EA right-upper conner dashboard. I'm  still trying to test with few setting and need it to adjust more exactlyy, maybe.

Many thanks to you & also Mapi for great thread, so busy this week and trying to get back soon with some smooth setting to share for everyone.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Great EA Mapi

I see a future for Icarus.

Am currently looking down into the EA to see how we can further improve it in terms of money Management. I have little experience in trading, so my suggestion will be drawn from available theory on the subject. Some Sought of "Theoretical Framework" in Risk Management for ICARUS. Highlighting money Management options in contrast to ICARUS trading System. I believe this will go a long way in producing a clear direction for upcoming modifications. After all it's all about managing profit.

And by the way, does anyone have a suitable input combination for the EA, that could work on a 10000dollar account with 1:200 leverage? Will want to try that

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Hello Chao

First of all thanks for the new version. I wanted to test the M_3.0 version. But something happened that I'd like to share with you.

The parameter for chasing the profit I set to 2. Therefore, as I got from your explanation when a long order is opened after decreasing the price EA would wait to reach the next buy and opens a new order with the second-order lot volume.

Please check the following screenshots;

Here a long trade is opened due to the Bollinger bands BUY in High. That is perfect so far Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As it is clear in the above photo, there is a Buy, Next Buy, and Take profit Buy.

Afterward, when the price comes down and touches the Next Buy line, instead of opening a new Buy order (with the volume of 2nd order) it opens 3 Buy Order 2 of which with the min_lot volume and one with 2nd order lot. (I tested it with progression 1 to check what happens and the result was what I just said)

Please check the photo:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AFAIK the two 0.01 lot orders shouldn't have been opened at the Next buy line. But it should have been placed on the Take profit line.

Also please check the bellow as well
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It seems the distance between positions is very high. Grid progression was set to 1 which means 1,2,3,4,5...

--- 帖子 #611 ---
This part has been debugged and modified. As attached. Also, I will re-upload Icarus_M_3.0 to my first post of Icarus_M_3.0, Thank you for the acknowledgement.

The the calculation of grid size progression is in the function CalculateVolume() of Icarus, and I didn't change the function at all.

[These two files has been corrected. May 9, 2:15am]

Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.0.ex4

162 KB
|
287 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.0.mq4

244 KB
|
344 downloads

--- 帖子 #612 ---
For two reasons I can not do it.

Firstly, to write a code to show a dashboard is a relatively complicated task for me, it will cost me much more time to arrange objects on the chart window.

Secondly, BB, RSI, and Stoch are all indicators for triggering a trade, once a buy or sell cycle is initiated, they are useless for no purpose. Hence, it is no need to show their real time values.

Finally, if you really like to watch their real time value, you can just insert them into your terminal windows and you will see.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Tested the new update as well. Let me just tell you what happened and if there were any inconvenience I would take screenshots.

When opens a short position as the first one, 2 orders with min lots are opened.

When the price reaches take profit, the second order is opened but it is Long instead of Short.

Also, the chasing profit orders will be opened as long which should not be.

All in all, I suppose some calculations got conflicted because the more it goes further and opens new cycles prediction line such as "next buy" or " take profit" become messy and useless.

--- 帖子 #614 ---
I found that I just chase profit of a sell cycle in a wrong way, and it has been corrected.

I have test it with gs_progression and progression 0. (let the SL/TP be reached soon)

The results as shown as following:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The modified version is attached.  By the way, I do not put a forecast chasing profit line on the chart.  When the profit goal of a cycle is first reached chasing profit begin.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.0.ex4

162 KB
|
245 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.0.mq4

244 KB
|
381 downloads

--- 帖子 #615 ---
I found I can not edit my post #608, could MaPi help me to remove those two attached files?  Because there are bugs in.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Hi, I can't edit post from other people...sry

--- 帖子 #617 ---
I was training Robin via back test of last week data on EURUSD. The training version is Robin_1.2 which I didn't upload before.

I set initial account balance to 1000 USD, The result seems not bad, with min_lots 1.0, it doubles the account balance in one week.

Robin_1.2 is still under tuning, I'm going to run a forward test on demo account tomorrow. I decide to upload it later.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The settings is as follows.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Thanks a lot for the work and dedication you put in this! That EA definitely has some potential.

I will watch the development and if needed I can also help with testing.

I almost forgot to thank the creator of this thread that he keeps this chat open for everyone - not restricted like this guy with his fancy but not really working Millionaire EA (just to prevent receiving critics). This is why a forum is a forum. To exchange ideas and opinions - good or bad ones.

Have a relaxing sunday!

--- 帖子 #619 ---
For the sake of Icarus_M_3.0 being a sequence of modifications, and, also thinking of too many positions put into the market when chasing profit.

I do a minor change of Icarus_M_3.0 add up the orders of chasing profit into a single order, such that the number of positions can be reduced.

The new version Icarus_M_3.1 is attached.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.1.ex4

161 KB
|
409 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.1.mq4

243 KB
|
601 downloads

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Hello,

Please can you help me, I want to Modify a custom indicator through Navigation Bar in MT4. The modification process refuses. What may be the cause? Please help.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
This is great news, keep us posted! That is exactly where this thread should be headed: ways of trading aggressively and cashing out smartly to finally beat the market. Very impatient to hear from you, while I am running optimizations on Icarus as well.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Irrelative question!

You need to have the indicator original file in (.mq4) format not .ex4. Then just open it in (MetaEditor4) and modify it.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Hi, Alls,

I would like to share you some interesting findings about grip trading logics.

As you have already known I am tuning and improve my Robin these days. I found something interesting about grid size of grid trading.

It seems to be a fact that success or failure of a grid trading depends on the grid size you chose. How to choose an appropriate grid size to trade is then become an issue.

The original Icarus_2.2 does not have indicator like ATR for help to decide an appropriate grid size. Of course, you could run optimization of one year back test for some specific currency pair to find a better grid size from the historical market data in that year. However, the grid size fits for that year may not fit this moment, dare you or dare you not use the grid size in your live account grid trading?

That's why I proposed using ATR to predict the grid size. Also, by the way, I have to advise you never set grid size progression value other than 0. A progressive grid size only suitable for a market in swinging expansion, however, swinging expansion state will terminate soon or later. The grid size is then far from an appropriate grid size when the range of swinging is shrank. If we can find a way such that the grid size can adapt to the market dynamically, would that be wonderful?

We have rise two issues. 1. How to use ATR to predict an appropriate grid size? And, 2. How to make the grid size be adaptable for the current moment your are trading?

To the first issue, my advisement is you have to know what ATR value give you and you have to have your idea to employ it. For example, if you set the Time Frame to 1H, Period to 5, shift to 0, ATR value give you a previous five hours average value of true range. It make some sense, you can use the value (not directly used, a multiplier is needed) to predict the swinging range of current moment. Above example is just an example, you can find your way to predict the range. If you find a good way, please share with us.

To the second issue, I already make my tuning version Robin with its grid size adaptable to the market. The adaptable grid size will be used to calculate the virtual SL as well as the virtual TP. But Icarus is another story, because it use a fixed and static grid size going through all the trades. In Icarus, virtual SL is depended on the fixed and static grid size. The virtual TP is calculated separately according to what you set at the global variable setting. Don't you think the virtual TP should also be adaptively calculated? I can make the virtual SL as well as virtual TP adaptable dynamically, but I didn't do in the Icarus_M_3.1, because Icarus is not my own project. I should not arbitrarily do what I want to do.

Cheers to every one.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
I used that idea already as well. IMHO it should be a "fast" ATR, imagine a pair was not moving for a while and suddenly decides to move into one direction constantly. With fast I mean: for example instead of using 4*H4 use 4*16*M15.

Also a good idea might be using fibo levels as reference. Derived from a trend channel or daily from last D1 candle.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
About using ATR as a progression level, it is a good idea first of all. But it needs good optimizations to be accurate. In my view, short-term intraday ATR is not that reliable due to different sessions' true rang. What if we use 2 different ATR value as below:

D_ATR: ATR which calculates the last day or two, true range

W_ATR: Atr which calculate last week,s ATR

These 2 ranges are just for example which needs to be optimized using settings. Then we can choose the bigger ATR for our calculations. Or even an average of these two. An of course a multiplied number of it would be the output for our grid size

About TP calculations, after @MaPi 's confirmation, one thing would be feasible probably. However, I believe it is not an easy coding process.

We can use a bool to check if the user wants to use TP as a fixed amount or it is needed to be calculated in your way.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Hi, this seems to be a off topic request, right? Cheers

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Hi out of my experience, when you manualy mov the stop and it is executed the EA will react within his logic, so he may reopen the order when this is in line with it settings...Cheers

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Hello

I will use a part of my short lunch break to answer

First, out of my experience grid_progression different then 0 can be a plus...This is true, when you like to start with a very small grid size (I personaly do), so when doing this and having the option on 0 Your account will be almost guranteed in margin call when market starts to move in a direction. I do not have much experience with bigger starting grid sizes, so for this case you might be right...

As you know I am not a coder, so I can always just explain how the EA is working by practise, not by the code. In my undersatnding TakePprofit is linked to the last opend volume. You set a value, which e.g. for 0,01 Lot will be 1 €, when the last trade of the cycle opend a  volume of 0,10 Lot your TP will equal 10 €. So if we find a smarter way to calculate the TP I will be quite interested...

Generaly spoken you - and every other coder here . are absolutly free to change the given code in the way you think. Personaly I would have the wish to do this with a setting option in teh EA, when it comes to a complete logic change of the EA, so one could choose between the old and the new style...Bet that is just my wish...

I tooked a lot of knowledge from this beautiful forum so the original code was a give back to all of you...Use it wise, but use it

Cheers

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Hey, would it be possible to have a setting so we can switch between buy high/low sell high/low?

--- 帖子 #630 ---
I use version M_3.0. I would welcome the same name in Note. It can also be a new version if it behaves the same as the old version.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Yes. It is possible, but later. I'd like to wait all the modification requirements are proposed then I can do it in one time.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Great, it is a good start of discussing the swinging range prediction.

Do you mean 4*H4 is ATR(4) with TF H4 and 4*16*M15 is ATR(64) with TF M15?

If we want to predict an appropriate grid size, we had better knowing how Icarus use the grid size.

Icarus calculates virtual SL function is shown follows.

double CalculateSL(double volume,int positions)

{

double aux_stop_loss;

double myVal=CalculateVolume(positions)/min_lots; // myVal = # of actual progression

aux_stop_loss=-(myVal*grid_size*CalculatePipValue(volume));

return(aux_stop_loss);

}

and the grid size progression is used to calculate volume of lots of the last order in the cycle:

double CalculateVolume(int positions)

{

int factor=0;

int i=0;

if(positions==0)

return(min_lots);

switch(gs_progression)

{

case 0:

factor=1;

break;

case 1:

factor=positions;

break;

case 2:

for(i=1,factor=1;i<positions;i++)

factor=factor*2;

break;

case 3:

factor=CalculateFibonacci(positions);

break;

}

return(factor*min_lots);

}

That is, the value of virtual SL in Icarus is not a value of price. It is an amount of money loss. This is quite different to the traditional definition of SL.

Anyway, this is the only part Icarus use the grid size except those Icarus use for showing data or lines in the symbol chart.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Exactly and it makes a difference. Try it ;-)

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Of course, it is different, ATR(4) with TF H4 is an exponential moving average of 4 hours true range, ATR(64) with TF 15 is an exponential moving average of 15 minutes true range. Normally, the former is larger than the later.

Using ATR for grid size seems a simple concept, but has a sophisticated thought behind. One has to aware what true range is, and how ATR be calculated.

A single true range is calculate as:

TR = max(curr_High, prev_Close)-min(curr_Low, prev_Close)

That is, ATR(1) with TF H1 and shift 1 is the true range of previous hour. ATR(5) TF H1 shift 1 is a exponential moving average of previous 5 true range of one hour.

If you are using ATR for grid size, you must have your reason behind. For instance, I use ATR(5) TF H1 shift 1 as the base value to predict the swinging range and also to calculate the grid size, the reason behind is, I want to use previous 5 hours average true range as a base to predict. Why 5 hours? Because 5 is a Fibonacci number and 5 hours of time is suitable for market sessions switched and also market trend almost change its direction every 4-6 hours.

Everyone could use ATR by choosing the period, the time frame, the shift value, and multiplier to find an appropriate grid size for Icarus. But I suggest before you use multiplier for tuning an appropriate grid size, you have to have your reason to support why to select the period, the time frame, and the shift. If you are not doing so, the combinations of various settings will drive you to crazy.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
How does the grid size works while using the indicator option together with atr

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Grid size is just a value that Icarus use to calculate the virtual SL. If you are not sure what a grid size value should be set, you can use indicator ATR to help you.

I code a function to calculate the grid size as follows.

int ATR_Grid_Size()

{

int digits, scale=10000;

digits = (int)MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS);

if (digits == 3 || digits == 2) scale = 100;

if (Use_ATR) return ((int)round(ATR_Multiplier*scale*iATR(Symbol(),ATR_tf,ATR_Period,ATR_shift)));

else return grid_size;

}

In Icarus_M_3.0, I put a statement to change the grid size if ATR is in used.

grid_size = ATR_Grid_Size();

Icarus will use the grid_size instead of the one you set in the parameters settings and the grid size will adapt each time the tick value change if ATR is used.

That is, the calculation of the virtual SL is dynamical adapt to the range of swinging.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Everyone comfortable with different indicators, requesting to add Mfi indicator if possible i wanna use it together with rsi.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Technically, it is no problem to add an indicator. However, if you want use it together with RSI, I need to know how do you use two indicators together?

Please share with me how you use them together, for the reason I can learn trading skills from you and also can let me know whether or not these two indicators can be used together to arrange a trigger condition.

In other word, if your 'use together' means 2 indicators value are both higher than the upper level or both lower than the lower level, it is simple.

If your 'use together' means one indicator line up-cross or down-cross another indicator line and give a signal to buy or sell, it is complicated. What you want is not just a single indicator for general use purpose, but a customized indicators for you use only.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
personally i take divergence of rsi or mfi as a signal and based of market structure price action i take entry, but in EA i am not sure how it would be possible to programmed, so want to use like the same logic you have added stochastic and RSI, with same classical way overbought and oversold. since MFI also considers volume not only price like RSI, so want to back test with all three rsi, stoch and mfi on m1

but just to explain how i trade is below screen shots: (grey box is entry when price return after the break in market structure after divergence, if no break in structure price will not reverse and trade the other side.
https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1608403718

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1608403753

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1608437349

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1608440903

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1608403694

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1620665310

--- 帖子 #640 ---
As I predicted, your 'use together' is the complicated one. To find a divergence could occur potentially is easy from the terminal window visually but is difficult to code in an EA. The purpose we use indicators is just for helping to initiate a cycle at the not too bad price. Icarus_M_3.0 use indicators give us a Buy_High Sell_Low entry point for Icarus. While Icarus_2.2 use indicators give us a Buy_Low Sell_High entry point.

Although MFI considers volume, but in Forex market, it is impossible to get a real volume from the market. That's why MFI is not included.

If MaPi think it is OK, adding one more indicator MFI is a piece of cake.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hi, I like MFI but we should be aware that in MT4 it is not working with the real volume...Volume in MT4 equals ticks (price changes) per candle...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #642 ---
As quoted before, I am ok with everything...

Personaly I would not do it, due to the fact we are having allready 2 Ozillators in the code, so I would shy away of bringing a third in, which is NOT basing on volume but ticks...

But I will be fine with it...

In general I am a little concernd everybody will ask for his/her favorite indis to be coded in. In praxis we will be faster when thinking on gerneral stuff and when we have a solid logic it will be easy to replace or add indicators for sure...Just my 3 cents...

But again, I am fine with adding MFI, as long as everybody understands it is not refering on volume in MT4...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Hi is it possible to add auto money management for lot sizing, so that the lot size increase equally with the balance?

This will let the balance to stress equally during backtest.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
We did not even start to work on moneymanagement...But when this will be implementet I am pretty sure your request will be solved...Cheers

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Today I was playing a little manual in EURUSD...The news from US hit in hard, but one of the nice things with Icarus is: Every drawdown you survive will give you nice gains

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So with 16% + I will hand the trading over to the EA again  Cheers

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Sorry Newbie question here, just found this thread, thanks MaPi and Te Chao Liang (everyone that's contributing) for this interesting EA. I just installed 3.1 on several charts and although I got smiling faces all round and experts tab is saying, Icarus initiated, no trades are being opened. I tried the hot BUY/SELL buttons too but nothing, am missing something obvious? Thanks in advance. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #647 ---
It’s Not showing in your settings but my guess is you have not change the five digit magic number. For some reason there was a bug on E/U only, that would not initiate an order unless the 5 digit magic number was changed to any other 5 digit number of your choice.

If that’s not it, it may also be your deviation of 3 on the Bollinger band. Depending on the time frame you are using that can be a very extreme event to trigger a trade. 2 is a more commonly used deviation.

That is Just my uneducated guess, but I hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Thanks so much SurVivor, I'll try those changes to my settings. USDCAD has now opened two trades.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Robin_1.1 attached.

Robin now is totally a with trend grid trading EA. I run it on several currency pairs, EU, GU, AU, NU, EJ, GJ, AJ, NJ, simultaneously for couple days with the settings I set as the default. (I give each currency pair a different magic number.) The results seem so far so good.

I only use BB as the trigger indicator, with TF 4H, period 14, std 2.0 shift 0.

I always use ATR to determine the grid size, that is, the grid size is dynamically adaptable to the range of swinging. The settings I use are TF 1H, Period 5, shift 0, multiplier 0.9. (The settings of Grid_size and Take_profit are no effect when ATR is used)

To combinations of other indicators, I didn't try. You can arbitrarily test any combinations of indicators and compare to my default settings. When you find some better settings, please feedback to me. Thanks.

You can download Robin_1.1, make a copy of it and rename the now copy to Robin_1.2. Keep one copy my defaults and another do your arbitrary testing. This way you can compare two copies by switching them in the Back Test.

Edit Note: The version number is modified for consistence.
Attached File(s)   Robin_1.1.ex4

166 KB
|
430 downloads
Attached File(s)   Robin_1.1.mq4

234 KB
|
619 downloads

--- 帖子 #650 ---
#define versionNo "1.5"

#define versionBMI "Robin " + versionNo

In source looks version 1.5 ... should we rename it as 1.5 beside 1.2 ?

--- 帖子 #651 ---
You can change 1.5 in source code to 1.1. The 1.5 is my testing version number, when I tuning Robin there were many versions modified,

from 1.1 to 1.5 tuning and modifying version by version. When I reached a relative consistent and stable one, I share it here.

1.5 is my testing version number, 1.1 should be the sharing out version number. I forgot to change 1.5 to 1.1 before I share it here.

For you in testing, you just need make a copy of the ex4 file and rename to another name for the convenience of comparing my default settings and your new settings.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
What TF are you testing it on?

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Thanks very much Sir! Going to try her out with default settings on 15m timeframe.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
My suggestion is you can run Robin 1.0 on multiple currency pairs at the same time.  Robin is a with trend grid trading EA, so the indicator trigger condition is Buy-Low Sell-High.  I use BB at a relative larger TF H4, the trigger condition is not so easy to be met.  But once met, we are possibly to sell at a relative highest price and to buy at a relative lowest price.  Although trades are not so easy to be opened, but if you trade multiple pairs together, you will see your account equity is higher the your account balance in most of the time.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
If you saw my default settings of BB and ATR, you should know you can test it on whatever time frame you like.

I set a fixed time frame for the indicators I used. It means, on whatever time frame, the indicators will give the value on the fixed time frame I gave to it.

Only in the case that you set the time frame of indicator to current, the time frame you are testing is relevant to the testing result.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Hallo,

I wanted to run Ikarus 3.1 and Robin 1.0 simultaneously. Accidently I turned on Ikarus 3.1 on 2 accounts (same pair EURUSD) with identical settings. Grid size automatic using ATR... On one account it made grid size 2 and opened 3 trades on the other one it mage the size 20 and opened 1 trade. How is that possible?

--- 帖子 #657 ---
I don't know all the details, so I want maximum matching in my settings. I'll put it on the M15. There is a problem selecting H4 in the settings. The shape of the H4 candle depends on the broker's time.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
When you are running BT, it depends on the historical data of each time frame. So I like to do BT on the M1 time frame. If you are running fore test, the time frame should be irrelevant. Because the EA is iterative running every tick value changed and the indicators calculate its value according to the time frame you set to them.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
What pairs exactly of the above abbreviation?

- EA (EURAUD)

- GA (GBPAUD)
- AA () ?

- NA () ?

- EJ (EURJPY)

- GJ (GBPJPY)

- AJ (AUDJPY)
- ZJ (NZDJPY) ?

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Mistyping of EU, GU, AU, NU, EJ, GJ, AJ, NJ

eurusd, gbpusd, audusd, nzdusd, eurjpy, gbpjpy, audjpy, nzdjpy

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Hi Liang,

Is there a way to merge the code into one and make the difference between Opening Positions(layers) of BUY & SELL within two?

// BUY ORDERS

// SELL ORDER

多謝曬！！

--- 帖子 #662 ---
I do not realize what your meaning, would you please explain more detail?

Are You a Cantonese？

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Yep, HongKonger. PM you

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Here my BT results of Robin 1.1 with my default settings but min lots=0.2.

From 2021.04.26 to 2021.05.14

BT mode: the slowest

M1 time frame

spread 2

Initial Account Balance 1000 USD

What I am still tuning and training Robin is to make the Draw Down as minimal as possible so that it won't hurt my account. I am not pursuing a high gain rate of profit.

If you can tuning the EA via different settings such that the green line (equity) is above the blue line (balance) for most of time, then you found a wonderful settings of the EA.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, bad result occurs on EURJPY, when use 0.2 as min lots, it crash. When reduce min lots to 0.1, although no crash but DD is large.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The reason should be the grid size is too small. Trying to enlarge it by a larger multiplier. Changing multiplier from 0.9 to 2.0, use TF 30M for indicators BB and COG together to trigger a new cycle. Min lots set to 0.2. Robin won't crash again but profitable.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Above is an example to show you how I tuning Rabin by adjusting the settings. Via examining the DD reasons, I use BB and COG together for preventing BB give a wrong sell signal to initiate a sell cycle when the market is in the side way of up trend. I enlarge the multiplier so that the grid size is larger to prevent from too early to hedge a loss.

The conclusion is, use BB and COG with time the frame M30 is a not bad choice for triggering a new cycle.  A little larger multiplier will help to reduce DD.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Great! I am a manual TMS trader ! can you post the robin template you are using? I test your default next week. Hope everything goes well for you.

If I test 1000usd on live account, what is the best lot size for the 8 pairs you posted above? please give me advice. thank you !

--- 帖子 #666 ---
There is no special template for Robin.  You can insert the indicators you are using into the chart for watching.

My default settings of Robin 1.1 is min lots 0.1 and BB(14, 2.0) TF=H4,  ATR(5) TF=H1 multiplier=0.9.

You can also try my another settings min lots 0.2 and BB(14,2.0) TF=M30 COG TF=M30 ATR(5) TF=H1 multiplier=2.0.

If you test 1000 USD on your live account, I think lots less than 0.3 should be safe.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Thank you for you !

- Which do you think is better in the above 2 settings with each pair ?

- With a meager 1000 usd with 0.2 lots, do I need to reduce the maximum position from 50 to lower?

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Appreciate the hard work and your presence in this thread which makes it much more adventurous.

I suppose people are gonna fall in love with your baby Robin. I just tested it on EU and it looks amazing. I will test it further and share thoughts

--- 帖子 #669 ---
For the safety of your account, I suggest you take the second one.

Yes. You can reduce the maximum position to 10 or 6 as well. Robin is not like Icarus, it does not need the maximum position to protect from the temporary loss is too large to kill your account.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Thank you my friend ! Do you let the EA run in VPS mode 24/24/5 or do you open it in a certain session? If you open the EA in a trading session, in which session do you open it?

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Ideas and misunderstandings of Robin 1.1 I cannot turn comments off in back-testing. As far as I think it is everyone's problem with mt4 circumstances, it is better to put a boolean in settings to turn the comments off beside the button. At least it'll help to test more comfortably and be able to check every activity of EA. This problem also exists on Icarus (unless I am making mistake) Prediction lines are not accurate and even close to the numbers. Sth like next-buy, next-sell, etc. Although I believe these lines are an essential power of Icarus and I believe calculations are hard for these objects, it is highly appreciated if you can recalculate or help them to get improved. Because they are very useful in backtesting and debugging. As below SS shows, the 1st and 2nd buy positions are opened but the third one didn't open despite the price went very low (around 140 pips lower) the settings are as default  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Honestly I am confused with the logic. Please explain a little bit what is the cricumstance in which the EA opens a postion and closes it as well. I know when the price hits the upper BB in H4 it opens a Sell and vice versa. But I don't get how it close these orders.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
I am going to answer your 4th question firstly. There are three cases a position is opened.

Case 1, if there is no any buy or sell position, a buy or sell position will be opened according to the trigger condition (if indicators is used). Or, if no use of indicators a pair of hedging positions will be opened when at the beginning, if when a cycle is closed a new cycle is then initiate immediately. Case 1 is same as Icarus but the trigger condition of Robin is always Buy_Low Sell_High.

Case 2, when the last position of its cycle reaches its virtual stop loss, an opposite position is opened. The lots of the new opened position is according to your setting of "No. of opposite orders in changing direction," that is, if the min lots is 0.1 and you set No. of opposite orders in changing direction to 2, the lots of new opened position is 0.2. Case 2 is like Icarus, but Robin opens opposite position.

Case 3, when a position reaches its virtual Take Profit and you set "No. of orders with the trend" greater than 0, a new position is opened for chasing the with trend profit. Lots of the new opened position is according to the value you set to No. of orders with the trend. Robin only do chasing profit once, that is, when the now opened position also reaches its virtual Take Profit it won't chase the with trend profit again. Case 3 is a new function to Robin and Icarus_M_3.1.

There are also 2 cases to close positions,

Case 1, when total profit of buy or sell positions reached its profit lock condition, all the positions of buy or sell are closed. Profit lock functions is like a trailing stop function as we traditional use. Case 1 is same as Icarus.

Case 2, owing to the fact that Robin use hedging orders to lock the loss, when Robin find the profit of hedging position can cover the loss position, it will close these positions to make a BE. For this purpose, you should not set No. of opposite orders in changing direction less than 2. You can say, it unlocks the hedge. Case 2 is only for Robin.

I will answer your above three questions in once. I didn't change that part of the code except I change the word Next_Buy to Next_Sell and vise versa. I don't have time to go through the codes which doing the comments and forecasting. You know, there are hundreds lines of code to handle the showing message. Also, I have to mention here, Icarus use a fix take profit value to calculate the profit goal as well as the forecasting lines. Virtual take profit in Robin is dynamically calculated. That could be a reason the forecasting line is not so accurate. Perhaps, maybe later, when Robin is tuned to a relatively perfect state I could spend time to do this.

--- 帖子 #673 ---
It is confusing here why 3 orders are opened at the same time Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And then after closing 2 buy orders(#1 and #3) there is a sell position (#2) with the size of 0.2

Then another sell position (#4) is opened with a 0.4 lot and both sell orders are closed with 0 loss. But what is weird is the bigger order (#4) is closed with 1 pip loss and the smaller position (#2) made the profit to compensate.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And it happens again with a slight difference.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just wanna know if it matches your requirement or something is going wrong here.

By the way, the settings are the default settings.

About omittance the comment section to make it clearer in backtesting if you are interested in too, you can use the attached file for further updates. I changed a word in lines 169-170 and made the comments as an external variable. Whenever you want you can remove the extern to make it as default.

Also in backtesting, you can change the last setting "show_Comments" to 1, and comments appear.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Are you running Robin on Forex Currency pairs? If not Forex, it seems to be the grid size is too small (should be no more than one pip, 0.0001) for Robin to do a with trend trade. From the results you shown, the grid size is very very small such that tick value changed in one minute will touch the virtual SL as well as the virtual TP. When you see a 0.2 lots position opened, it means a virtual SL of previous position is reached. When you see a 0.4 lots position opened it means the previous position reaches it virtual TP and begin to chase the profit. Would you please set a grid size manually, and no use of ATR to determine grid size, to see what happens. You can also enlarge the multiplier of ATR, that will enlarge the grid size too.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
If so, does the default setting need to be modified bro?  I can start with default settings and setup as you instructed BB,COG M30,ATR(5) H1.  and leaving the MT4 screen at M1 is enough, right?  What else am I missing?

--- 帖子 #676 ---
To tell a truth, I am a newbie in the trading world.  I don't know what a VPS mode 24/24/5 is.  In fact, I am searching a VPS service for me to run EA on my live account.  I don't know much about VPS, but I found there are many kind of VPS can use.  One is a general purpose VPS, like Google or AWS provided, you can install any OS on the VM, and then install a MT4 terminal on that VM.  So that you can run EA on the terminal of the VM.  Another is a VPS dedicated for MT4, the VPS will synchronized data or settings between VPS and your home computer, like MQL5.com provided.

Would you please share your VPS experience to me, thanks.

I had been told that, never trade on Asian session but only trade on London or New York session.  That's why, I set the London session as the default of trading time restriction.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Yes. But you have to understand I only run BT from 2021.04.26 to 2021.05.14 on M1 for tuning the settings. If you run a forward testing, any time frame should be indifferent. Because the EA iterative every tick and the indicators are using fixed time frame. While you are running BT, the result may different if you run on different time frame. Different time frames has their own historical data and it is no real ticks in the historical data.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
I bought VPS at https://www.vultr.com

I found it good price and stable connection. You can check it out. How to use you can watch very detailed youtube in some of them. I talk about how to use and install step by step here is very long. sympathy.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Tuning a grid trading EA is not so easy, because you have to understand its behavior. The behavior of Icarus or Robin is much more sophisticated comparing to a monotonous EA.

My experience to shall is when you tuning an EA you have to pretend you are doing manual trade following the trading strategy of the EA. That is, you have to know how the EA behave. On the other hand, I think so but maybe wrong, when you trade manually you have to pretend you are an EA so that you can maintain the consistency of your trading strategy. However, although I pretend myself an EA, but I still a human, psychological and emotional impact always keep me from executing the trading strategy consistently.

When you code your trading strategy to be an EA the psychological and emotional impact are no longer exist. But you have to tune your EA well.

The important part of a trading strategy is money management, timing to enter the market, and timing to exit.

Money management is critical to what you win or loss eventually, but we are not reached to this stage yet. Before we can do money management, we have to tune the EA to a well state in advance.

We already have many indicators for entering the market (initiate a cycle,) we can then tune the EA for a better strategy to enter the market. But I hope you all can trial and error, to find a better one from various combinations of indicators used and also please shall your findings here. Do not rely the default settings of the EA, I myself don't have the time to test so many combinations. What I did is just pick one or two indicators to run BT and adjusted the parameters as the defaults.

After we have a good timing to enter the market, we have to tune the EA so that it will exit at a good timing. This is relative difficult of grid trading EAs for their behavior is sophistical. An appropriate grid size is critical to success. We already have ATR indicator for you to tune an appropriate grid size. You have to do yourself and forget my default setting. As I mentioned before, Icarus prefers a smaller grid size but not too small, Robin prefers a larger but not too large grid size. How small or how large is appropriate still to be tuned. Run BT and tune the grid size and report to this thread will be much more appreciated.

Comparing to grid trading EAs, monotonous EAs is easy to tune relatively. This weekend I spent a little time to code a monotonous EA that only open one position and after the position is close (TP or SL) another position is open according to the enter condition. It is very simple, I use half trend indicator for entrance, I calculate the TP and SL dynamically via ATR. The only things I need to tune the EA are the time frame of halt trend indicator and the multiplier of ATR. Although it is off the topic of this thread, I like to post the tuning result here not for the purpose to show this house made EA but to shall an experience, that is, before you can tune an EA, you have to know its behavior and tune it as you were doing manual trade. This EA is coded by me, of course I know it behavior and its strategy is simple, so tuning is easy.
Finally, Icarus as well as Robin are relatively complex EAs, they are not so easy to tune. I need you all together to tune them to be wonderful.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #680 ---
the approach is to keep Equity /Balance healthy - your green line above its blue line most of the time if not all the time. Do not allow the equity to drift too far away below its balance.

It requires a combination of many things other than the grid size and lot size. The entry trigger is less important than knowing the Market Type conditions you want to trade. You can initiate the cycle manually without the use of any indicators.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Great tuning result!  Would you please share your settings here? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
I ran and got 1 order GPBUSD now according to the settings you gave me. I want to wait for European session but BT Asian session always. hey. Do you have any suggestions for further adjustments?

--- 帖子 #683 ---
I don't know how to give you suggestion.  As I mentioned on the other posts, I don't have the time to test every situations.  What I expect is you can feed your experience to me.  By the way, I have to alert you don't over rely my default settings.  Find a better settings for you and share here with us.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
To adjust "half trend indicator for entrance", where should I adjust? I can't find it on robin.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
No, you can not find it.  Because half trend indicator is totally not suitable for a grid trading strategy.  That is only my simple EA for testing half trend indicator.

not Icarus and not Robin.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
I'm starting with Robin default + 0,1 lot + BB (14,2,0) setting TF = M30 COG TF = M30 ATR (5) TF = H1 multiplier = 2.0. with GPBUSD.

Do you think it will be fine when I run 24/24 ?

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Good or bad I don't know because I can not foresee the market. It always go what it go but not follows I want it to go.

But at least, if your account balance is above 1K USD, this settings should not hurt your account too much.

I think you can trade more currency pairs at the same time for sharing the risk. The currency pairs you choose should not be mutually dependent.

What is mutually depend, for example, if you choose GBPUSD and GBPJPY then you don't have to choose USDJPY, Why? You can easily find the fact that when the price of GBPUSD is down 0.05% and GBPJPY is down 0.19%, then the price of USDJPY must be down 0.14%. 0.14+0.05=0.19, this is what mutually dependent I call.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Out of the 8 pairs you choose above(eurusd, gbpusd, audusd, nzdusd, eurjpy, gbpjpy, audjpy, nzdjpy).I run it at the same time with a meager 1000 usd, is it ok? do i need to remove any pairs according to your suggestion ? give me advice. thank you

--- 帖子 #689 ---
It should be OK, if you still worry, you can reduce the min lots to 0.05 to try.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
I hope I get control of this awesome EA.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Friends and follwers of this thread,

First I want to thank you, when opening this topic I was expecting some impact but you are booming this one here

Thanks to some coders and TeChaoLiang we have now 3 different improvements of the old EA:

Icarus 2.2.4 (Buy Low / Sell High), Icarus 3.1 (Buy High / Sell Low) and Robin...

We would appreciate if you can start testing and give feedback (please do so always with complete settings of the EA, easiest way is to post the backtest report out of MT4 as graph which includes all relevant settings.

PLEASE STOP ASKING "What are the best / recomanded settings"! This question is a proof you are on the wrong way...

There are no right or wrong settings, there are only consequences...

Please believe me out of 20 years + experience, to trade such an EA sucesfuly you need to do INTENSE backtesting, visual backtesting and fronttesing on a demo...That is the only way...

YOUR NEED TO UNDERSTAND THE LOGIC OF THE EA AND YOUR SETTING BYE HEART to be able to earn pips on the long run...

I personaly will focus on Icarus 2.2.4, NOT BECAUSE IT IS THE BEST, just because I personaly like this approach (and I am used to it since years)...

Thanks again, let´s chase pips

Cheers

--- 帖子 #692 ---
these guys i've found to be decent: https://www.cheap-forex-vps.com/

blam

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Thank you.

Since I am a professor of computer field, I know how to use VPS and I also has VPS in my lab to use for free. However, the ping time from the VPS in my lab to my broker's server is longer than my home PC, so the VPS is not suitable for me to trade Forex.

Because I don't have the experience to trade Forex using VPS, I have the following questions:

To my understanding, some of the VPS services provide you an Windows environment just as you have a PC on the cloud. You have to install MT4 on it and use as a separate computer. In this case, I have to disable the auto update feature of that Windows to prevent from the reboot cause from the update of Windows. Should I need to rent two VPS service so that I can open two accounts of a same broker or different brokers for me trade separately?

Another kind of VPS service provide by MQL5.COM is a dedicated VPS for MT4. You don't have to install MT4 on the VPS. It can synchronize the MT4 on you home PC to the VPS and trade via that VPS. But if I need to open two accounts of same broker or different brokers for me trade separately, should I need two home PC or run two MT4 applications on one PC and rent two VPS services for each MT4 application?

It seems to me that if I want run a grid trading EA on my live account, I had better to find a VPS solution.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Check out http://cheapvps.co/cheap-windows-vps/  Decent prices.

You asked  Inserted Code Should I need to rent two VPS service so that I can open two accounts of a same broker or different brokers for me trade separately?
Don't see why you need to do this. You can run as many instances of MT4 on one VPS with your limitation only being how powerful (CPU and ram) the VPS you choose is.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Now I know how to run many MT4 instances on my Windows.  Thanks for the advise.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
No, you can use many instance of MT4 on same broker in one VPS. You only need to install another instance of MT4 into different folders or you can do manually copy pasting after finish the first installation.

About the Windows Auto Update issues or something happen to the VPS that make it crash or rebooted, you can add your MT4 shortcut into Windows Start Up folder (off course you have to save the MT4 password so it can auto login).

--- 帖子 #697 ---
I tested to check what would be the problem in terms of the wrong grid.

i am on EURUSD and backtesting is on M5 tf

I made the ATR multiplier higher and higher from 5 to even 100 but nothing changed!

When I changed the ATR use to false, then the grid size where OK. I am still looking for the reason. Maybe it is due to my type of account which has 4 decimal. For example, my EURUSD value is 1.1234 but in most account types it is like 1.12345. What do you think?

With the new settings (ATR use = false) I started to test it again. but again something weird happens.

When an order is executed, everything is OK even the prediction line for the next buy/ next sell works well. But when the price hits the take profit line the Ea does close the order but at the very same time, it opens a new order with 0.4 lot size and closes it as well as the first order. Please check the below screenshot:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Orders #1 and #3 are correct and needed to be triggered. But orders #2 and $4 are excess.

It is odd that on your testing and probably other testers there are no such issues!

Do you have any idea?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
I am connected via Phone, Desktope and Laptop to my VPS. Icarus is very robust, so when they do a update they send me an email, when I forget about it (happend 2 times in 10 years) it was never a problem on the EA side when restarting the VPS. Of course there is a risk involved, but I did not see it big enought to care for a backup...

VPS by Metaquotes is not a good offering from my view, reason behind you can run only ONE account there, so if you want to backtest on a second MT4 or you want to run multiple accounts it will be very expensive...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #699 ---
I never traded Icarus on a 4 diggit broker, was not even aware there are brokers who are still trading like this...

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Something to study for you guys who are not lazy (so that you do not invent what is already invented):
https://www.mql5.com/en/articles/8793#para3

--- 帖子 #701 ---
This is a Good job..welldone to all contributors..This system can work very well with currency strenght meter..I will upload a strenght meter indicator..it willbe fine if it can be added,the trade direction should be in reversal of price.

for example.if lowest currency is USD with value 0 and the highest currency is GBP..the market concdition will be Sell..and the icarus EA will take further management of the trade..like wise if the highest is AUD with value of 9(max. value) and the lowest is JPY..the trade will be AUDJPY sell....the indicator is been attached..welldone guys..i drop my cap

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Hi guys, I' see this is an interesting project

I may put for free my personal VPS to forward test an account and publish on myfxbook to take a look the operations.

If you are interested reply this post with follow condition:

1- Put EA here

2- Set File

3- Cross and TF

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Thank you again sir, for all your hard work. I am currently testing Icarus_3.1 and noticed in the comments of the trade terminal, both during the trade and history it shows as Icarus 2.2 instead of 3.1

I am testing both live and want to be able to tell which is which when reviewing history & during the trades. I think you may have just forgot to change the comments when you were still developing / testing.

Would you be kind enough, if you get a spare moment to show how to correct the code in meta editor, or upload a corrected .exe file for Icarus_M_3.1 that will show as 3.1 in the terminal / trade comments? It would be very much appreciated, as I have very little knowledge of coding. I am surprised no one else has not mentioned this yet.

Good trading to you Sir!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Sure, here you are.
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.1.ex4

161 KB
|
303 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.1.mq4

243 KB
|
403 downloads

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Please treat the indicator i uploaded and add it to the EA...we will have best result with that..my drawdown so far with icarus ea is -77usd

--- 帖子 #706 ---
We need more tests and devotion.

I am gonna share one of my set files with you all in the hope that you make backtests on different brokers' data and share the results by replying to this post.
These set files are derived from strict backtesting and optimizations that have taken days and weeks on VPS and still counting.

EURUSD
Since ~ 2020-06
Icarus_M_3.1
TF 5M (However tf is not important in this setting)

Here is my 1st broker's BT result as you can see DD is good. It is for around 11 months

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And on the other broker here is the result:

DD is higher

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And here is the set files:

Please share your thought and results.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
What the optimized settings are?

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Now it should be fixed.

Here is the setting FYR

Attached Image
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #709 ---
comments are correct now,

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #710 ---
If you set profit lock to a higher value, it happens when you chasing the profit with some additional lots and the price is changed to opposite direction will make the total profit of the cycle touches the profit lock level and close all the cycle.

You can set profit lock value to a smaller one, 0.3 or 0.2, then you won't see position is just opened and soon closed almost at the same time.

profit lock of Robin and Icarus acts very similarly as traditional trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
I dont want to sound negative - especially because you backtested already for some time - but when BT you must use high quality tickdata of 99,9%. Yours is very low (42% and 90%). This means that your results are not of high quality either...Before BT another week you should try and get better tickdata.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Folks, past performances on Forex instruments do NOT represent what happens in the future, you could run a test on a ranging or trending instrument and guestimate the least favorable outcome. If you try to fit in a test to produce a 90% success outcome you are only deceiving a trading account.

Losses are inevitable in trading one needs to accept a possible drawdown with any strategy. As long as you manage your RISK accept the outcomes and build trust in your trading strategy.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Working on a low drawdown non-martingale set file, whilst trying to keep profit as high as possible. Finishing eurusd testing then moving on to other pairs. The below results are over a 2.5 year period.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
That is really impressive, and 99% modeling, too. 70% return over 2.5 years is respectable. Will you be posting the set file?

--- 帖子 #715 ---
HEllo.

Ikarus or Robin?

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Good Job ;-)

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Hi @TEChaoLiang,

How does the BB H4 filter works?

I launched Robin 1.1 in 5mn TF.

It bought now on gbpusd. But in H4 the price is at the middle BB.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Testing-retesting I see the only settings pack for account to stay alive during 2020  (Attached, but with minimal corrections it's some old Mapi's set)

It has 3 drawdown periods since 1.1.20 till today. And all other modifications kill account at the first pandemic months (spring 2020).
Attached File(s)   30000 0.2 .set.txt

4 KB
|
328 downloads

--- 帖子 #719 ---
The buy position at the price of Middle BB should be a profit chasing position.

Buy cycle initial position should open at the lower BB line.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I keep on running Robin 1.1 with the default settings on a demo account beginning with the balance of almost 9000 USD since last week. I put eight pairs to run simultaneously, the maximum DD won't greater than 300 USD, till now, my balance is 9671.82 USD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I suggest you run multiple currency pairs simultaneously so that the lose of some pair could be covered by the profit of other pairs and eventually the temporary loss will be canceled by profit positions or even turn to be balance gain.

However, do not put multiple pairs simultaneously for Icarus to run, you will receive margin calls very soon.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
You may not start an account with 13k, keep BT as real as possible, important is to take withdrawals to compensate the month when account will be blown.

also consider brokerage fee+Swap - i considering 0.10 lot as min. lot and $0.70 commission so for a 100 trades 70$ for dear broker

my mt4 dont have 1m tf data for older period, can we download the old data say for a year atleast from somewhere for 1m tf

--- 帖子 #721 ---
It entered at the middle BB at the first trade!

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Show more details for me to check. Were you running BT or FT? if your were running BT, it is possible because the historical data may not so details for the EA. Robin as well as Icarus iterate on every tick, but the historical data are not so accurate to tick value. The BB trigger condition is quite simple, when Ask < BB lower line it buys, and when Bid > BB upper line it sells. You can switch Ask/Bid to High/Low from the settings, then when High>BB upper it sells and Low<BB lower it buys.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Could somebody teach me how to show the Strategy Tester Report? I cannot find somewhere in MT4 to show the report.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
I can show you:

When in Strategy Tester mode, you can click on the tab below the Results tab and then select Save as Report or the Report tab on completion of the back-test.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Blessing3 example M15 Jan 01 to May 20, strategy is ranging market trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #725 ---
If the difference between opening layers of buys and sells within two, the market is ranging which is most favored by Ikarus.

Based on your 3.1 version
, attached here with 3.1A in which I added "relativeOrder" to define above layer difference , while relativeorder<=2, it is ranging market to apply the existing Fibonacci model, else should apply the new "AdvancedFibo function" to enlarge layers gap, which helps to low DD.

Welcome someone could help to backtest if DD is lower.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
$300 = C30000 (cent acc)

Will it be blown anyway?

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Here you are

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Thanks I'll post the set file but I'm still playing with settings, not happy with the return vs drawdown right now. At the moment I'm testing with other pairs.

Ikarus 2.2.4 on m5.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
if i keep fibonacci style of trading ,it takes very long time to clsoe the psoitions,what settings do u all use?

--- 帖子 #730 ---
In bt there is a mistake on spread.... if your broker is 5 digit, you have tu put in bt 30, if it is 4 digit in bt put 3

--- 帖子 #731 ---
No it was in demo acc.

I launched a new account to check again

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Hello bro,

1. EA works best on ECN accounts or standard accounts? i am using on standard account with average spread < 20. so this order doesn't touch TP is it because of the spread or for some reason? Do I need to switch to ECN account with low spread but 6 usd/ 2 way / 1 lot commission fee ?

2. I see my initial profit chasing order is 0.4 (min lot : 0.1) so I want to change 0.4 lot to 0.2 lot, where can I adjust?

Give me advice. thank you.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
how to load it in mt4

--- 帖子 #734 ---
You just need to reduce the multiplier of ATR.  Because Robin calculate its virtual TP dynamically from ATR.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
https://pipbear.com/what-is/historic...import-in-mt4/

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hi Prof Liang, what number you suggest to set for 'number of orders for chasing profit'?

Hope we can select "BUY-LOW/SELL-HIGH" and "BUY-HIGH/SELL-LOW" in a dropdown box, then a quick way is Running one EA using BUY-LOW/SELL-HIGH and another using BUY-HIGH/SELL-LOW<possibly different Magic Numbers> to hedge down DD;

Surely "Global TP" is a nice function to have.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
My default settings is 4, you can increase the number you like. Since the profit lock function will automatically close the profit cycle when the total profit is less than the profit lock * max profit. Set a number of min lots to chasing the profit is when the trend continue to go its way, that will soon increase the max profit. But if the price is backward the total profit will soon less than the profit lock level and close the profit cycle. The number of min lots to chasing the profit should be considered with the profit lock, if you set a smaller profit lock, you can set a larger number to chase the profit, that give you a better chance to increase your max profit.

The purpose of number of min lots to chase the profit in Icarus is not to hedge the DD but to increase max profit. Icarus does not hedge DD but using temporary DD to accumulate potential profit. While in Robin, I use double of min lots to hedge the loss position and also turn the direction of trade to a with trend direction.

To an against the trend grid trading logic, I think the better timing to initiate a cycle is"BUY-HIGH/SELL-LOW", and that is what Icarus_M_3.1 does. Perhaps later we can merge Icarus_2.2.4 and Icarus_M_3.1 together, but not now. You can run Icarus_2.2.4 on one chart and Icarus_M_3.0 on another chart except that Icarus_2.2.4 does not have the profit chasing function.

The simplest way is I add profit chasing function into Icarus_2.2.4. The new version is 2.2.5. Also, I have a little modification of Icarus_M_3.1, I'll upload them here. Then you can run Icarus_2.2.5 and Icarus_M_3.1 to compare the different of "BUY-LOW/SELL-HIGH" and "BUY-HIGH/SELL-LOW".

Attached File(s)   Icarus_2.2.5.ex4

161 KB
|
317 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_2.2.5.mq4

243 KB
|
451 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.1.ex4

160 KB
|
368 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.1.mq4

243 KB
|
502 downloads

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Hi @TeChaoLiang, the trailing take profit sell stuck. Can you set it to move with the price down? Thank you.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
So far, I do not consider the Show_Forecast part, what I did is just switch the word Next Buy to Next Sell and visa versa. You had better turn off the Show_Forecast, because it is meaningless to Robin.  Since Robin's trading logic is quite different to Icarus and those forecast lines is for Icarus not for Robin, you should ignore those lines if you are running Robin. Robin only chase the profit at the very first moment, that is, it won't add any more positions if the profit is being chased.

If you are running Icarus 2.2.5, the chasing profit also won't be shown as a forecast line.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
TeChaoLiang thanks for your work and everyone contributing here. Can you advise which are the best pairs to use with Robin?

--- 帖子 #741 ---
I always trade many pairs together with Robin. This way will take the advantage of the loss of some pair can be covered by other profit pairs. I would say that any pair with good liquidity should be a good choice.

Normally, the spread of a good liquidity currency pair is smaller. That is why I put max spread to 20 as the default. The rest things you should notice is the margin required for your positions. This is vary from different brokers, my brokers take 1/10 margin for hedged positions, that is a benefit for Robin. Because Robin use hedging orders on the loss position.

As long as you have enough free margin, you can choose as many good liquidity currency pairs as possible to rum simultaneously.

By the way, I have to double mentioned, never trade many pairs at the same time with Icarus. The trading logic of Robin and Icarus is quite different.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Why not consider a multi-pair Icarus like multi-pair blessing?
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...g-multipair-ea

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Because there are no hedging operations in Icarus, and that's why.

You can try multi-pair Icarus on a demo account with the account balance of 10K USD. Take min lots = 1, progresion =1, that can compare with Robin with 0.1 min lots of an 1K USD account.

You will frequently receive margin calls, and your account balance is shrunk very quickly.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Hello,

I run the same parameters in 7 pairs. Since 19/05 it only traded 10 times. Do yo have approximativly the same numbers of trades?

Tx

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can count the trades begin with 0.1 lots, some positions with the lots other than 0.1 are reacted some positions opened before 19/05, you don't have to count in.

You just need to count the positions of 0.1 lots after 19/05.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
can you share your setfile so i can compare?

txc

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #748 ---
I use my default settings, and I found your result is likewise.  But you didn't put XXXJPY pairs into trade.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
yes i run EURJPY,AUDJPY,NZDJPY,GBPJPY but there are no trades. I don't know why

--- 帖子 #750 ---
in the parameters, what is the select indicators conjucted feature?

tx

--- 帖子 #751 ---
My default settings only use BB as the trigger condition. That is, the feature of Selected indicators conjuncted apply is no impact to your result.

Selected indicators conjuncted apply set to true, all the selected indicators will be conjunct together with the logic AND relations. if set it to false, the logic OR relations will be applied.

The EA should do what we design it to do. If the results are different, it must be your broker's cause. Different broker has a different spread of every currency pairs.

My broker offer a relative smaller spread, for example, the spread of EURUSD and AUDUSD is 0.9 pips, the spread of AUDJPY is 1.3 pips. If your broker's spread is larger, you can enlarge the Max_Spread value to 30 or more, that is meaning 3 pips or more. Robin won't trade a currency pair when the spread is larger than the Max_Spread.

Unless your broker is the same as my broker, to compare my setting with your settings is meaningless. If the brokers are same then the result should be the same, and also no need to compare.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
I setted to false. You lean there is no incidence on the results?

--- 帖子 #753 ---
No.  Please check the spreads of each JPY pairs from your broker, then you know the reason why you don't have JPY pairs opened.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
I raised spreads to 40 bps

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Hi, I am in holidays untill mid next week, so I will be quiet and focus my attention on my gf, cheers...

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Hello,

In you trades report, many trades are open and closed at the same time.

the same thing occur in my account.

Can you explain why?

tx

S

--- 帖子 #757 ---
It is the chasing profit position. I will explain to you using a buy cycle as an example. When the total profit of a buy cycle reaches its virtual TP (profit goal), a maximal profit value is then recorded, at the same moment, a chasing profit position is also opened to chase the profit. But the price is not continue to grow, it go back to a lower value, and the total profit of the buy cycle (including the chasing profit position) is less than (profit lock * maximal profit), Robin will close the buy cycle, take the profit back, and wait for another good timing to initiate another buy cycle. You can enlarge the number of chasing profit if your free margin is enough, once the price is continue to grow, the max profit will be update to a higher value. Means your profit will gain.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
max profit, you mean profit lock?

would you please explain exactly how Robin works? i don't think i understood clearly.

thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #759 ---
max profit is the value Robin calculate itself. Profit lock is the value you set to protect the profit. Say, when a buy cycle is initiated there is a buy position opened, Robin will calculate the profit goal of this position. When the total profit of the buy cycle reaches the profit goal, it won't close the buy cycle immediately but to set a max profit value. When the total profit is below the (max profit * profit lock), it then close the buy cycle.

As long as Robin continue to earn, you don't have to very understand how it works. You just watch and wait, your account balance should eventually grow gradually.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
I am just trying to analyse what would be the worst scenario

--- 帖子 #761 ---
If you find the the worst scenario, please feed back to me.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Hi mtako,

Where to find the trade copier?

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Hi TeChaoLiang , Do I need to reduce the lot number with profit chasing order? What parameter do I need to change in the settings to reduce it? because when I place lot 0.4 I can only stop when the price pulls slightly  i think if I drop to a lower lot it will be harder to close all my running orders.thank you !

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Don't you think the result you show is a wonderful result?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Profit_Lock is use to protect profit, when the total profit of a cycle is less then Profit_Lock*Max_Profit, the cycle will be closed.

No. of opposite orders in changing direction is used to hedge the lost position and will use to close the loss position to make a BE.

No. of orders with trend is used to chase profit.  If you set a larger number, you can set a smaller value of Profit_Lock as well.

Different combination settings of the three variables will give you different outcomes.  You have to trial and error to find a best one for you.

Anyway, I believe you are running on a demo account, just trial and error to tuning the settings.  That is I expect you to do, not expect me to answer what settings is better.  I am waiting for all of your testing result feed back to me.

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Tks u TeChaoLiang,

I started with a real account. Leverage is 1:500 for the 8 pairs you recommend at Default settings, fix max position to 8 , spread is 30 (because my jpy pairs >2x)  ,min lot 0.1.  With leverage 1:500 1000 usd account with 8 pairs running robin.  Do you think I need to readjust the leverage lower?

--- 帖子 #766 ---
No, higher leverage will be better. But for the safety of your account, you can readjust the leverage to below 400. Couple weeks later, when your account balance is double by Robin, you can then adjust the leverage back to 500.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Tks u TeChaoLiang,

I see in default Grid size is 15. but when loading the chart, it shows on screen USD pairs usually around 5.6.  and the JPY pairs are above 10. is your screen the same as mine?  or show all pairs as 15 as default ?

--- 帖子 #768 ---
If you use ATR to determine the grid size, the virtual TP of your settings are ignored. TP will automatically calculated via ATR.

If you like to set TP yourself, then you have to disable ATR use.

Using ATR, to enlarge the TP value, you can set a larger multiplier value of ATR settings.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Thank you for everything....

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Hello, how are you could any programmer extract the source code ?

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Hello,

Any idea why the first 3 positions (one of them has now 3 days) are still open?

tx

S

--- 帖子 #772 ---
You don't have to worry of the first and the second position, because they are hedged and eventually will result a profit.

To the third position, you have to take seriously. You can find that it is no any opposite position against it. If you see such a position and the DD is relative large. You have better close it manually.

Robin tries to hedge every loss positions by opposite positions. Sometime, the hedging position will be close early due to the cycle is closed in profit. That will cause the loss position we suppose to hedge become no hedging position against it. If you find such a situation occurs, you can manual add a position to hedge it if the DD is relative small. Or, you should close it if the DD is relative large.

Robin borrow some trading operation from Icarus, so far, it cannot handle all the situations with hedging. You need to adjust by manually open or close some position to help Robin.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Proper use of robin is to control the order that is left alone when the order opposite to it has closed itself by profit. Otherwise we will fail if the trend goes strong.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Hello,

Can anyone on this thread ex plane to me why I am getting a "Zero Divide Error" using expert Robin_1.1 ?

I have attached a screenshot of the problem with the Error message enclosed in a red rectangle.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
I think maybe the file you downloaded is destructed for some unknown reason. Re-download from here and retry.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Hi, please no off topics here...cheers

--- 帖子 #777 ---
sorry i didn't understand why in this case this posion hasn t been hedged and i have to cut it manually....

tx

--- 帖子 #778 ---
It had been hedged by an opposite position, but the hedging position are closed early due to the cycle reaches its profit lock condition.

For example, if using a buy position to hedge a loss sell position, when the total profit of buy cycle reaches the profit lock condition, all the buy position will be closed. Also, the hedging buy position is closed. Till now, I do not figure out how to keep the hedging position in this situation. Before I have found a solution, you have to close the loss position manually.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Hello Mr. Liang, thanks for sharing this EA. I think you have to improve the hedging function into the code of Robin 1.1

--- 帖子 #780 ---
So how do we know if we have to close manually or if it will close itself?

--- 帖子 #781 ---
You can check the opened positions on your MT4 terminal, when you see a relative larger loss position without a hedging position against it, you should close the loss position manually.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Of course I have to improve the hedging function of Robin.  However, it is a difficult problem to be solved.  I think, not only I myself but all of you could try to find a solution for dealing with such a situation.  Any Idea could you offer?

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Hedging requires locking or putting the position in a fridge for a certain time . Who can define that time?  EA rule :give 50 pips range time to continue in.opposite direction or 20 bars or use both conditions to relase the lock by closing opposite side trade in the hope of  reversal coming back and helping.the continuation of the original trend and exit by take profit, breakeven or a stoploss. EA defines different exit rules for (a) continuation  (b) failure of continuation.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
I am trying to separate hedging cycle from normal cycle so that the hedging positions won't be closed when the cycle reaches the profit lock condition.

Now I need alternative exit condition for the hedging cycle to exit. Could you suggest different exit rules for (a) continuation (b) failure of continuation?

The plan is, Robin will manage 4 cycles, buy_cycle, sell_cycle, hedge_buy_cycle, hedge_sell_cycle.  We already have exit condition for buy_cycle and sell_cycle, we need exit condition for hedge_buy_cycle and hedge_sell_cycle.  When a position is opened for hedging purpose, it will be put into a hedge_buy or hedge_sell cycle.  We need a strategy to deal with positions in both hedge_buy and hedge_sell cycles.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Honestly, hedging is not productive. You have to  make probability statistics studies to find right inputs for the EA.

Or use the EA forward testing to collect statistics in free analytic site for mt 4 myfxbook and waitvfor six months to know which option is good.

Dont shoot both buy and sell together.

Only after the cycle completes exit. Hedge when? Enter in opposite direction after the last exit of buy or sell in steps of any of pips 20, 30, 40, and 50 pips. So u hve to run EAs on 5 charts or better use 5 demo accounts to collect statistics.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Robin 1.1 is a with trend grid trading EA. A with trend grid trading in most of the cases has the hedging effect of loss position. But a with trend EA won't take care of hedging situation seriously. Robin 1.1 can be used to trade. However, it's like gardening. We have to prune bad branches from time to time. The bad branches of Robin 1.1 are the loss positions off hedged.

If we want to improve the hedging function of Robin, the hedging function must be dedicated dealing with.

To separate hedging positions from normal positions, I use another magic number generated from the original magic number to distinguish hedging position so that the positions can be collected into hedging cycles.

Now we are going to determine a hedging logic. Here is my thought, when a loss position reaches its virtual SL, I put a 0.8 amount of the lots of the loss position to hedge it. I do not put an amount of greater than the lots of the loss position is to prevent from we hedging in a wrong direction.

When the loss position is reached its 1.25 virtual SL, I put another 0.8 amount of lots to be an additional hedging position. And so on, when reach 1.50 virtual SL, another 0.8 amount of hedging position is put until 2.0 virtual SL is reached. When the loss position reaches 2.0 of its virtual SL, close the hedging cycle and the loss position simultaneously will cause a BE. (This is a BE exit condition for hedging cycle)

We need to determine early exit or later exit condition for hedging cycle in considering of various market situations. What is the appropriate conditions, I expect all of you can give me advise.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
As an hobby trader and coder, I am sure you will do your best.

Good luck to you.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Presently I'm using BuildYourGrid EA for MT5, I use the option to add positions with the TREND not against and so far it's profitable. I think you can use this logic for hedging loss orders.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Do you know what its logic is? "to add positions with the TREND not against" is just a simple with trend grid trading concept. Robin 1.1 is developed according the with trend grid trading concept. As I mentioned in post 788, a with trend grid trading logic by its nature has the effect of hedging loss position. However, to hedging the loss positions is not the main purpose of a with trend grid trading logic. If I use only with the TREND logic for dealing with loss orders, I don't have to improve Robin 1.1 even a little bit.

By the way, I also try BuildYourGrid EA for MT5, but I don't have its mq5 file, so I still don't know how it deal with hedging.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
In this case just add SL for the loss order and not to close manually. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Perhaps, it is a good idea. That will be the simplest way to modify Robin 1.1. I just need to cut off the loss position when it reaches the virtual SL.

However, I had tried this way before, the result seems no good. Theoretically, it should not be worse like that, I am trying to find out the problem.

With the same trigger condition to entry, Robin 1.7 is cut off the loss position when it reaches the virtual SL. You can see the result is even worse.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #792 ---
I had checked the "Zero Divide Error" problem. It point to the following code:

return(price*ter_tick_size/ter_tick_value/volume);

because ter_tick_value is zero. But why it is zero?
the variable ter_tick_value is initiated by the following code:
ter_tick_value=MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_TICKVALUE);

It will be executed on every iteration of EA at each tick value changed. Normally, the value should not be zero unless your broker return a zero value to you. TickValue means the tick value in the deposit currency, it should never be a zero value.

These part of codes are same as the codes in Icarus, I did not change them. Conclusion is, this is not a bug in Robin as well as in Icarus. The problem is caused by your broker give a wrong market information to you.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Entering buy and sell same time is no good.

Let buy or sales cycle complete first. Put delay tick to enter opposite direction. Buy cycle last position exit followed by delay 30 seconds and trigger reversal. Can work only in sideway or range trading situation.

Tming reaserach is important. Spreadshhet for past data and forward  tested data will give clues.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Hello Mr. TeChaoLiang,

Thanks for trying to help me. I was thinking, maybe it has something to do with the amount of digits after the decimal point in the price. If you notice. I only had problems with GU and EU which has 5 digits after the decimal point. I did not have a problem with UJ which only has 3 digits after the decimal point.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
It is not the digits problem, I don't have any problem with 5 digits or 3 digits. If you can do, you can try to write a very simple script:

void OnStart()

{

//---

MessageBox("Tick Value = "+DoubleToString(MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_TICKVALUE),5)

,"Market Information for "+Symbol());

}

to see the Market Information of your broker give what tick value to you.

My broker returns tick value 1.00000 for GBPUSD and EURUSD. And 0.91232 for GBPJPY.

Anyway, the tick value should not be zero.

Why your broker returns a zero tick value for EU or GU? There is one reason can explain. That is, your broker does not like its client to run EA on such pairs.

For manually trading, tick value is useless. But most EA will use tick value as a base to calculate profits. So, if your broker intend to give a zero tick value to you that will prohibit most EAs from trading.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Hello Mr. Liang, can you please advise how to make working the buttons Buy & Sell, because none of the green buttons are operable. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
When the color of the buttons are green, none of any operation will effect.  The buttons operation is from Icarus, not my own design and I am not changing them.

You can modify the setting of Max_positions to zero to force the color turn to yellow, then you can use the buttons buy/sell.

I will add an option in settings like Icarus 2.2.4 to Enable Alert Yellow Directly in the next version of Robin.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Hi there, hope you are fine...

Just as a guess, in my version of the EA the buttons are permant active, colour change is just an indication of warning. Maybe this is easier to implement than giving it an option...It looks like this:
Attached Image

Pls ignore the trend button, it is an unfinished option I do not use on my account.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #799 ---
If I had the mq4 file of your version, it is very easy to move the whole part to Icarus 2.4 or Robin. I hate to deal with the showing objects on the chart window, because there are hundreds lines of codes to read and find the way to modify.

Although I hate to do it.  But it is done.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Check your PM pls...

--- 帖子 #801 ---
DEAR TeChaoLiang

Because after I hung up M3.1, I only entered the order but did not close the position

Then I turn on the "yellow" option

It gradually closed out

and so

According to the previous article

Is there an option to turn on the "yellow" after entering an order?

Sorry, I just read Mail and ignored your reply

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Hi, I would appreciate if we can speak english here, any chance? Cheers

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Whether or not the "yellow" is turn on, it is totally irrelevant to orders is opening or closing.  The "yellow" states only let you can open or close orders manually.

If you want to close orders manually, you don't need the button in yellow state to close them.  You can close them directly from your MT4 terminal.  But if you want to add orders manually, using the button to add will carry a magic number with the orders you opened, so that Icarus can handle the orders you manually added.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Hi MaPi. It looks interesting. Running it now on demo. Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Thanks for your reply

Because I’m new to EA, some settings and logic are still learning

I will read the article again from the beginning, and then use my simulated account to make various settings

Four brokers 1. Original 2. KD 3. RSI 4. ATR (start 2.3.4)

PS:Because you have adjusted and ignored me

So i can't reply to you

Sorry

--- 帖子 #806 ---
New Modified Versions of Icarus

Attaches are the new modified versions of Icarus.

The new versions can do manually control when Icarus begin to run, and removed the Alert Yellow switch in the settings.

Icarus_M.2.5: using BUY/LOW and SELL/HIGH as indicators trigger condition.

Icarus_M.3.2: using BUY/HIGH and SELL/LOW as indicators trigger condition.

If you like to initiate Buy/Sell cycles manually, you can set a tougher condition of indicators trigger, for example BB(3.0), to prevent Icarus from initiating cycles.

You have to choose at least on indicator to be the trigger indicator, if you do not choose any indicator for triggering, Icarus will initiate a pair of hedging cycles for you.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   Icarus_M.2.5.ex4

161 KB
|
343 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M.2.5.mq4

243 KB
|
452 downloads

Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.2.ex4

159 KB
|
387 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.2.mq4

243 KB
|
574 downloads

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Hello!

Robin 1.1 seems to leave the hedge position unsettled.

So, as a suggestion, how about closing an open position during a new trading cycle?

Example 1, If the open position is "Buy" and the new trading trigger is "Sell", settle the open position.

Example 2, when the open position is "buy", if the buy / sell trigger is "buy", the open position will not be settled, and the total of the new position and the open position will be settled after it becomes a profit.

In any case, I think you need to close the open position in some way.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Thx  So I hope you have received my email  Cheers

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Multi-pairs could be three "circel pairs" hedge each other
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...-pairs-hedging

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Thanks for your suggestion. Because the hedging position is combined into the opposite cycle, that is no easy way to handle the hedging position separately.  I am now developing another version of Robin, It will handle 4 cycles.  Say, Buy Cycle, Sell Cycle, Hedge Buy Cycle, and Hedge Sell Cycle.  In this way, a hedging position won't go into the normal cycle so I can deal with it separately. Even so, there is still a dilemma exist.  That is, to settle or not to settle the hedging position, when the hedging position reaches its SL?

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Even if you lose money, I think you should close your position.

If you hold a position for a long time, your account will eventually go bankrupt.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Of course, That is why I handle 4 cycles separately. See below BT result. The orange close arrow is closed by hedging cycle in profit. The yellow close arrow is closed by hedging position reaches it SL. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The dilemma is when in a small ranging situation. The hedging positions will be closed and re-hedged, that is a waste.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Hello!

I'm trying to understand one point, help me please.

When I backtest Ikarus EU for the week I get next results (for example):

- when connected to demo account and Min_lots=0.2 - 311 USD

- when connected to cent account and Min_lots=0.2 - 0,31 USC

- when connected to cent account and Min_lots=20 - 311 USC

Is it normal?  Which Min_lots should I use for real trading on cent acc: 0.N or N0?

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #814 ---
hello sir this ea is free?? or had expiration date

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Hi,

I just finished 2 weeks of testing of both 2.4 and 3.1 on main forex pairs. Trading on 1H, standard settings BB 1H, ATR grid 1H, I did not use neither progression (0) nor profit chasing. Both have provided good results, though 3.1 ended up better. All ranging pairs made good results (GBPUSD, EURUSD) while trending pairs were not as good, some in loss (pairs with JPY and USDCAD). That perfectly confirms what has been said, "strategy is against-the-trend, it hates mono trend situations". Sincere thanks to all developers and contributors, but mainly to professor TeChaoLiang!

Wish you all great results.

2.4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3.1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Yes. They are free. No expiration date.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Run the attached script on your chart terminal.  You will get the information of your broker offered.

Attached File(s)   MarketInfo.ex4

7 KB
|
243 downloads

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Robin 2.5Here is a new version of Robin, Robin 2.5.
This version of Robin will handle another two hedging cycle for dealing with hedging positions.
When a hedging position achieve its hedging purpose, that is, BE to the loss position it hedged, will start to do a profit lock.
When a hedging position reaches its SL, the hedging position will be closed.
When the loss position reaches its SL again, another hedging position will be put.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can set the Multiplier of hedging lots to set the lots of hedging.

Also, you have to tuning the ATR settings for an appropriate grid size for some specific symbols you are going to trade.

Attached File(s)   Robin_2.5.ex4

148 KB
|
375 downloads
Attached File(s)   Robin_2.5.mq4

238 KB
|
510 downloads

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Dear Mapi,

Can you share the Indicator “ Equity “ on your chart, I have not yet found something that reflect real Drawdown on the account.

I am testing Multipair, any of help should be appreciated.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Thanks for providing Robin 2.5.

It ’s a very good EA.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
You are welcome, Robin 2.5 does not means Robin 1.1 is useless. Robin 1.1 is a pure with trend grid trading EA, although hedging effect is its side effect, but you have to close a loss position manually when the hedging position is decoupled from it.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Hi, thanks for this EA and your hard work. I'm new here, and I do have test a lots of EA but seem like this one is getting better with everyone feedback.

I would like to use this with my real account. May I know, what is the best setting for cent account and tf?

--- 帖子 #823 ---
are we mixing up 2 EAs? are these robin?I think yes.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
No, they are Icarus.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Why hardcode "RehedgeTime = 7200"?

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Just to prevent from too frequently re-hedging. You can less or increase it if you like. Also, you can put it as a initial settings.

You can modify the code to make it more comprehensive, and share back to me, thanks.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
It´s free and will not expire! Cheers

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Hi,

can you advise on running two same pairs on one account (two charts). Each has same EA but different settings. For example one opend trades based on BB the other one based on RSI. Each has different magic number. My question is, do open trades interfere? Or is each EA just taking care of the own cycle of trades.

Thanks in advance

fiji66

--- 帖子 #829 ---
i have got the same plan,plz add my telegram id ,let us discuss the best settings,becaue all martingales are same,the secret is the settings and risk management plan.pm me plz

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Each EA just taking care of its own cycles of trades.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
I think we should discuss and share our setting here. Last night, I'm running this EA with GU, UJ, EU, UC and XAUUSD. My TF is 5M for EU, GU and other 30M. All pair give profit with default setting except XAUUSD. This one I'm running with Robin, but for Icarus_M_3.2, it's doesn't take any TP even it's already profit.

How can I stop the order if I already reach the TP? Is it because of Profit_lock or Max_Positions?

--- 帖子 #832 ---
The EAs are irrelevant to the time frame you are running, because they iterate every tick value changed.  Although in the back test mode, you will see different results.

That is the historical data do not has the tick value, and different time frame will give you different time series data for testing.

To stop orders already reach profits, you can stop them manually or set a higher profit_lock value let EA stop for you.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Currently right now, my setting is Take_Profit = 8.0, so for me to take the profits, am I have to put same value as Take_Profits or higher than that or just put 1.0?

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Sure, here you go, cheers

--- 帖子 #835 ---
I guess your profit lock input is low, therefore the cycle is not close...Check in the upper left corner in the relevant cycle, it shows you the Locked profit, if you set the input higher you will get a faster realisation of the cycle...Cheers

--- 帖子 #836 ---
I have this tool that can preserve profits once the floating balance reaches a defined amount specified in an account. Some might find it useful , I use it on my live accounts to take profits

--- 帖子 #837 ---
I use Robin 2.5, there is no comment or information at my left side. So, I put the Icarus back just want to check what is the Profit Locked actually is. I can see that if I put it 1.0 = it's said 100%. That mean, whenever my trade reach the TP, it will stop the trade right? No more modifying my order. For example, my take_profit is 15 and my profit_locked is 1.0. And what is the minimum profit lock value?

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Currently, I'm backtesting Robin 2.5 with various parameters through trial and error.

However, some positions will not be settled.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you don't change the specifications so that you can close the position early, you will end up with a big loss.

Please change the specifications so that you can settle when you make a profit.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Yes. This is what happened to me. Right now I can't use my VPS to run Robin overnight because of this one. It didn't stop the order even you put TP value. It just keep doing what happened to you. I'm afraid that if ea open order, I can't close it and need to stop the auto trading and wait for tomorrow and run ea again. If we can get the setting or new update, that will be good.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
I know that tool, it´s cool, but it is not needed with the EA...Icarus has every function, you only need understand how it works (everything is explained in the first post, if you are missing information and let me know) and understand what your settings mean to the EA. If you don´t understand this I highly advise you NOT to trade with any EA on a real account...Cheers

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Hi, I never tried 100% but in theory this would be what I would expec to happen...Cheers

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Thanks for your reply. I test it right now and waiting for the tp reach and want to see what will happen after that. If it still not going what we expect, I will update back to you. And by the way, can you let us know, what is the minimum profit value?

Edit: After make some test for profit_locked with 1.0 or same value with take_profits and higher than that, it's seem like Icarus_2.2.4_modified, Icarus_M_3.2, Robin 2.5 didn't work. I'm testing with backtest and also 1 pair demo and live account, it confirm that we have close the order manually.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
All versions of Icarus and Robin won't work because the original code of closing a cycle is:

if(buy_max_profit>0 && buy_close_profit>0 && buy_max_profit>buy_close_profit && total_buy_profit<buy_close_profit)

You set profit_lock to 1.0 will make buy_max_profit equal to buy_close_profit. That is, the closing cycle condition never satisfied. If we think it is a bug, the bug is from the original code of Icarus. I did not examine carefully of its original codes, because I believe they should be bugs free.

You can set profit_lock to 0.9999 and the profitable positions will be all closed.

I can change "buy_max_profit>buy_close_profit" to  "buy_max_profit>=buy_close_profit" to modify it if we think it is necessary, perhaps in the next versions.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Thanks for your reply. I will try to set the profit_lock to 0.9999 as suggest and will update to you back if it work or not.

Edit: Just want to update, it's work. Already test and the result come good. And by the way, just to let know to anyone trade with gold/xauusd. If you use default setting where take_profit = 8.0 with min_lots = 0.1, the profit you will take is USD 0.80. I'm calculating using this website to calculate my gold profit and put the pips inside take_profit value.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Hi TeChaoLiang,

I was trying to initiate a manual Buy and Sell using the Robin 2.5 EA but noticed these messages in the journal, Am I doing anything wrong...

--- 帖子 #846 ---
No, You do nothing wrong. I remember it happened before when I modify forcing Icarus into yellow alert for MaPi. It seems to be a bug in original codes of Icarus. I'll try to fix it soon.

The reason is when you manually buy or sell at the beginning, there is no buy or sell cycles exist, but the EA is using lots of the first position as the min_lots to open position. That's why an order send error occurs because a 0 lots order sent. By modifying to using variable of min_lots not using buy_lot[0] or sell_lots[0], the problem solved. New modified version is attached, but I do not change the version number. I will also update to the previous post.
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M.2.5.ex4

161 KB
|
310 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M.2.5.mq4

243 KB
|
432 downloads

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Owing to fact that I don't know why I cannot edit post #820. The modification of Robin 2.5 is attached here. It fixed manually open a position with a 0 lots bug in the original codes of Icarus.  I had fixed the problem in Icarus but forgot to fix the same code segment in Robin.

Attached File(s)   Robin_2.5.ex4

145 KB
|
283 downloads
Attached File(s)   Robin_2.5.mq4

238 KB
|
399 downloads

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Please Stop Asking What is The Best Settings
The most important settings of a grid trading system is you have to find out an appropriate grid to trade. Do not think or even believe the default settings of the EAs.
The default settings only serve a purpose that I can examine whether or not the EA is work as it is designed. For example, I set each hedging position of 2.0 of min_lots and chasing profit positions to 4.0 min_lots, only for the purpose of I can examine the testing result to find out if it is work as supposed. It means not a best or even a better settings. Also, the ATR for grid size settings, I only to make sure the grid can be dynamically determined via the time frame, periods, and the multiplier.
You have to find out a better or a best settings for you, I only can assure that you can tune an appropriate grid side for you via the settings.
I encourage all of you trying to find various settings to different symbols and/or different situations and sharing your best practice here.
So, please do not ask what is the best settings but share your findings here.

Cheers to ALL

--- 帖子 #850 ---
I am 100% with you ! C H E E R S

--- 帖子 #851 ---
How to tune grid trading EAs in this thread

Suppose you have a better indicators trigger setting for you.  As I mentioned before, when to enter is not so important to grid trading logic.

Then you can disable ATR for grid size first, run back test with the grid size and the TP as variables to be optimized.

When you can pick settings from the optimization result, save the settings for future comparison.

Then you can enable ATR for grid size and tuning the settings compare to the optimized results.  If you find a setting of ATR with the result better than the optimized result, then you possibly have found a better settings of ATR for dynamically decide a appropriate grid size.

The tuning process take time, but you have to spend time to do this.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
I need help please,on my side the EA is working very well,but its not closing trade in profit..Will i close the trade manually from my end or its the EA that will close the trade when in profit..Help a soul..am using a real account..

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Set your profit_lock to 0.9999

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Does Robin  have a facility to use  the Ea to handle different strategies like the one based on ADR such as below:

(a) ticks variation based on per second. 32 ticks or 64 ticks etc.

(B) draw mtf ADR band

(C) Semaphore with different settings for 9 TFs. with offsets enough to enlarge band display even on 1 m chart frame

Semaphore is a dynamic value changer or repainter. This is only to give an idea of top and bottoms for trader to decide when to enter or exit. It is for timing and selection of direction to trade.

Manually, you have to be quick in trading.  EA will help enter and exit trades with a lightening speed.

Can EA make direct use of semaphore or zig zags or even ADR bands to  decide on direction by itself ?

--- 帖子 #855 ---
I think EA can calculate ticks variation.
If you offer me an indicator of ADR that can draw mtf ADR band, EA can then read the value of the band. But EA can not draw anything on the chart window.
Semaphore is a message that an indicator generate. EA can not read such message from the indicator. EA can only read value in the indicator buffers.
Once an indicator draw something on the chart window, the value of the indicator drawing can be read by EA.

It is a long way to me. Firstly, I need a mq4 file of ADR indicator that can draw mtf ADR band. If no such mq4 file available, means I have to code an ADR indicator in advance. Also, you have to define semaphore to me. EA can not read semaphore from the chart window. Because indicators and EA each has its own running thread the only interface between them is EA read data from the indicator buffers of the indicator. Indicator buffers is used for indicator to draw something on the chart window.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Ok. I attach

4 TF semaphore. You may give choice of using closed candle or current candle for generating entry)

--- 帖子 #857 ---
ADR attached

--- 帖子 #858 ---
I think EA can be programmed to print ADR and 4 TF fractals on the chart .

It may be a good idea to do so for a person like me who does not know how to read mql or do backtesting to confirm if the EA is working well.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Hi, if the Indicator generates Objects on the chart then the EA can read these Objects, if required. This is in addition to the indicator buffers, e.g. ObjectFind()

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Thanks for advise.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Thank you my friend for giving a solution.

I am a 36-year-experienced trader but lack knowledge of Excel, mql or any programming languages.

Because of my sheer trading experience, I can design any trading logic by conducting probability studies with the help of well wishers who know programming languages, and mainly Excel.

The problem with almost all programmers is they think they know more than traders and end up losing their shirt, trouser and underwear on their

algos designed without doing any intensive time-consuming quantitative analysis and trading mind control techniques.

Always in a rush to make fast money. I feel sorry for them.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
I'm backtesting Robin 2.5 with a variety of parameter combinations, but it eventually fails no matter how many times I try. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The cause of the bankruptcy is that the position was not settled and was held for a long time, so stable operation will be difficult unless this point is improved.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, until it goes bankrupt, we are steadily increasing our assets, so I think Robin 2.5 has the potential to become an excellent EA.

At present, changing the numerical values of the parameters is not enough, so if you have any good ideas, please suggest them.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Would you please show the result near order 246 to me so that I can find out whether the loss order 246 was not hedged or the hedging order was closed for some reason but not settle order 246 at the same time.

Perhaps you can try Robin_2.6, the difference between 2.5 and 2.6 is when a hedging position is closed, 2.5 will close the last position of it hedging (normally the last position of the opposite direction should be the position it hedging); 2.6 will close all positions of the opposite direction to prevent from the last position is not the position being hedged.

Attached File(s)   Robin_2.6.ex4

136 KB
|
315 downloads
Attached File(s)   Robin_2.6.mq4

228 KB
|
478 downloads

--- 帖子 #864 ---
OK! This is the position around 246.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Apparently, 246 positions weren't settled because we prioritized the settlement of the previously remaining positions.

The cause is that the initial position was not settled at the same time as the hedge position, and all positions have been shifted by one since then. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It can be confirmed that this "5 position" is not settled at the same time as the hedge position "6 position" and remains, and it is settled in the latter half of the year. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

By the way, this "5 positions" is not a hedge position, but a normal buy position based on the judgment of the indicator.

I will also try Robin 2.6 later.

Thank you for the new version.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Normally, the hedging order should follows the order to be hedged.  Like order 29, order 30 shows.  It is strange that why order 246 was not hedged?

I'll PM you my email address, please send the StrategyTest Report to me for check.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
I have attached a report of Robin 2.5, please check.

By the way, no matter how you change the parameters, some positions will not be settled.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Thanks for your attachment of the long strategy test result so that I can find the problem. The problem is I deal with hedging cycles before the normal cycle and I forgot the code borrow from Icarus will read the situation of positions at each iteration of every tick value changed. I did not exit the iteration after closing the hedging position as well as the hedged position, I just let it go to deal with the normal cycles. After I settle the hedging position and the hedged position, there should be no position need be hedged, but the states are not so instant response, that cause it think the loss position still exist when dealing with the normal cycles. That is why there were an extra hedging position, and when the extra hedging position closed, there are no hedged position to be close. Also, it will cause next position need to be hedged but not be hedged. The modification version is attached.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You do not have to worry Icarus, Icarus won't has such problem because it does not deal with hedging orders.

Attached File(s)   Robin_2.6_new.ex4

135 KB
|
325 downloads
Attached File(s)   Robin_2.6_new.mq4

228 KB
|
504 downloads

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Hello everyone, just joined this forum.

We started with Icarus but at the end, I could see robin.

If I may ask, is Icarius now Robin or Robin is Robin and Icarus still remained Icarus, if yes, how do I get my hands on Icarus.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
They are two different EAs.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...7#post13567477

--- 帖子 #870 ---
hi .. thnaks for creating this great EA. i have been using EA for 10 overyears and still found Grid EA is the best for consistance prifit.

however. can your EA add money managment option? instead of opening a fix lot size, and change to open lot size base on account balance ?

thank you

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Adding a money management option is easy but how to decide an appropriate lots is sophisticate for a grid trading EA. This should be the next topic we should discuss here. Owing to the fact that a grid trading EA is not like other EA that trade only one position at one time, grid trading EA will open many positions according to the market situation. So, what is the appropriate lot size for initiating a trade is hard to determine.

For a one trade one position EA, I can arrange a MM option according your MM policy that based on the account balance or free margin.

For a grid trading EA, I don't know how to calculate the initial lots according to your MM policy. If you have good idea of money management strategy for grid trading, please share on this thread and we can discuss whether or not the strategy could be employed for safety work.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
I agree on this one, add a option that lets say you set "risk 5% of account" then it will always be 5% and the lot size will increase with the balance

This would be the code for it FreeMargin()*Progressive_lot/1000.0

--- 帖子 #873 ---
No. I don't think it will work for Icarus. For Icarus or Robin does not have a real stop loss mechanism. When the price hits the stop loss, it won't close the position but put an additional position in. Hence, the risk of a grid trading EA, especially Icarus, is unpredictable. That is, if you set "risk 5% of account" then it is not always be 5% of account risk, but always loss 5% of your account. Why? You can set Account_Risk to 0.05 in the settings of Icarus, that means when your equity is less then account balance by 5%, Icarus will close all positions and accept the loss, even if it can further recover the loss to be a gain. That's why I say it is not 5% risk but 5% loss. Icarus is accumulating temporary loss for the potential gain when the price is swinging back. As long as your account can survive, the profit can be expected.

Once the risk is so unpredictable, it is no way to do money management control like you mentioned.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Hi, her are my three cents on this topic...Trading with Icarus on a live account for years I never missed the option of the EA to adjust the starting volume on the balance. At least I check the EA once a day (normaly I can monitor it the hole day on my working space) and when balance goes significant up it is easy to change the starting volume by manual input. So from the trading perspective this function is IMHO not needed.

Having this said I would like this function when it comes to long term backtesting over many years. Everyone should be chrystal clear, the factor should be choosen super defensiv due to the fact we are not talking about a fix risk here, just about the starting volume of the cycle...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #875 ---
I see, and yes i agree what you are on about. Im not in desprete need of this function either beacuse i think icarus dont really need it cus its based on griding. I just found it interesting to add and see what happends in backtestning. Anyhow another subject, how do you handle these major drawdowns that happends every once and a while. And what version are you running, im currently on the orginal one that you posted. Anyway GREAT project and im happy to be onboard on it.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Good Morning

I admire all contributors to the topic.

Would it be possible to add the possibility of the WPR Indicator in Icarus M 3.2?

thankful

--- 帖子 #877 ---
this EA which is also a grid EA.  is very similer to icarus. but with the increase lot size as the balance goes up. anyone can take a look.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
how about we dont use % of account. but instead we use 0.01 / $1000 belance or something like that on every new cycle.  we can decide on the lot size per $1000

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Yes. It makes sense.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
There is no obvious rule to decide whether buy or sell by WPR value, how do I code WPR as a trigger option?

--- 帖子 #881 ---
See attached indicator. I work with it on M1 with XAUUSD, but we can use it on any TF. Also take a look at M5 and M15, great triggers, just a friend suggestion.

Buy when top price breaks WPR 9 Level -30 filtered by WPR 54 also has to break -30 Sell when price breaks below WPR 9 Level -70 filtered by WPR 54 also has to break -70

If you can pay attention. I'll leave the indicator and template below. I also use EMA 200 to direct my operations.

Grateful for the attention

--- 帖子 #882 ---
I'm using Robin. I hope Robin have abilities to use max_lots, mean every order will be use the max_lots no matter how many position I use.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
If you restrict the lots size that will destroy the hedging mechanism of Robin.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Here you are.

Attached File(s)   Robin_2.7.ex4

143 KB
|
467 downloads
Attached File(s)   Robin_2.7.mq4

231 KB
|
698 downloads

--- 帖子 #885 ---
interesting, do you have the mql4 code for it?

--- 帖子 #886 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #887 ---
there u go

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Hi, btw, Supermoneygrid was the base code of Icarus, cheers

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Hi..M really grateful for being part of this forum and also the EA....I have been losing on other types of EA and in manual trading...This Grid EA looks promising and as I am testing on demo for a week...thanks for coding and sharing..

I just have a questions about Robin.There is no "No. of opposite orders in changing direction" when you look at the setting. Is it done that way?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #890 ---
I have BT with latest 2.7 with min lot 0.05.  for some reason it was like this with 0.2 and it insured itself to 0.4 and stopped there at 2 commands running at 0.4.  I gave WR time 30M same as default BB.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Multiplier for hedging lots is the lots for hedging and

No. of orders with the trend is orders for chasing profit.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Looking interesting as a signal. What are your SL|TP for this technic?

--- 帖子 #893 ---
very interesting ea, I am testing icarus_M_2.5 in my

demo account without indicators and 1% risk account.

on eur usd h1. it's slow profit but i think

conservative risk.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
From the time it shows, you are not running a BT but FT.  Please check if you have two chart windows running two EAs, one is with min los of 0.05 and another is with 0.2.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Yes.  that's my fault.  thank you .  Currently I see it as having the potential to be an excellent EA.  Thank you, thank you Mapi.  for all.

--- 帖子 #896 ---
[quote=TeChaoLiang;13588596]{quote} Multiplier for hedging lots is the lots for hedging and No. of orders with the trend is orders for chasing profit. {image}[/quote

Can Robin have this function?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #897 ---
[quote=limevanilla;13589939]
Because Robin is a with trend grid trading, it should Buy at low and Sell at high.  That's why I don't think these options are needed.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Hello guys, testing in demo its OK but is it a game?

Is it some hope to do some real profit with this robots

without having the account blown?

Is someone trying to use this toys in real money?

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Have you tested it and it's OK?

If that real money doesn't affect you at all. You just assume that the money goes to fight in vegas and it will be fine. If not, how are you confident?

--- 帖子 #900 ---
I read somewhere about using EA. You need to monitor it by yourself, when and where, it's depend on your situation. Mine, after using almost 2 weeks, real profit. I don't want to share screenshot here because I still not archive my target. There is a trick using this one and the most important is, be patient and also don't let your emotion controlling you. You need to use your own strategy/setting with every kind of EA you use.

Edit: Here is my screenshot, even I still not archive my target, but at least I share something rather than talk. As I said, use your own setting or strategy how you want this EA work for you.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #901 ---
[quote=TeChaoLiang;13591042]
Oh. No wonder it always start with sell. I keep thinking and check my setting why it start with sell and not following the price market.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Hi all, happy to see how this thread is growing.

I have been forward-testing Icarus for the past month or so, trying to see how a regular payout strategy would work-out. Did not have time to catch up on Robin's development : if I understand correctly, Robin is with-the-trend while Icarus is against-the-trend, right?

Also, it feels like Icarus is actually able to survive with multiple instruments at once: my objective is to

- constantly have low capital on account to avoid losing too much when the doomsday comes (such as earlier this week with FOMC announcements, which could have been avoided if I was aware of the red news coming)

- have multiple instruments to raise capital fast and withdraw regularly to secure profit and reduce at-risk equity

- have multiple instruments to generate balance in case one of the instruments is going downhill, the others (if weakly correlated) might help adding up to the balance and get out of the situation.

I plan on forward-testing both Icarus (which I optimized using StrategyTester) and Robin; are Robin's latest version's default settings okay to start @TeChaoLiang?

Cheers,

m10021

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Hello TeChaoLiang . Can you tell me how the "new 2.6 version" is different from the previous "2.6 version" you posted? Sorry to bother you , because I have to use English translator , so I can't understand what you mean above.thank you .

--- 帖子 #904 ---
The different is I fix the bug so that Robin won't loss a position that should be hedged and won't put an unnecessary hedging position.  Since there is a new 2.6 version, you can forget all the previous version.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
As I mentioned before, never rely or believe my default settings. The default settings is for the purpose of testing my EA logic. For different symbols you have to find a better settings for you. If you like to use indicators trigger, setup what you like, and tune the multiplier of ATR to find a better multiplier. It is important to grid trading to have a appropriate grid size, not too large and not too small.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
It's really very fun to follow each post about this ea grid. All contributions are very supportive. Those who have done the test on = real account share the test results so that everyone can enjoy it. Thank you for all. Regards, profits for all of us..

--- 帖子 #907 ---
I have copied the COG.ex file but still get this error.  What should I do next ?  thank you Te

--- 帖子 #908 ---
I agree, for all of you who actually tested some of these EAs live, please let us know your feedback, results and advices for live implementation...

--- 帖子 #909 ---
I never encounter such a problem like this.  message shows that CoG.ex4 is loaded successfully but the CoG indicator has run time errors when it try to move the 5 COG lines to the chart.  CoG indicator is not code by me, so I cannot answers your question.

Try to  find another ex4 file of CoG and rename it to Center Of Gravity.ex4 to replace the ex4 file may solve the problem.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
if i remember well we could set robin to pickup trades either from manual entry (mn=0) of a another ea (mn=1234) is that correct, and how, please?

--- 帖子 #911 ---
No, in the old version Robin you can set max positions to 0 to force EA into Alert Yellow mode.  The newer version of Robin you can entry your trade from the buttons directly.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Do you have the COG file that you encrypted into robin ?

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Attached File(s)   Center_Of_Gravity.ex4

32 KB
|
373 downloads

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Tks u !

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #916 ---
have anyone tried with icarus 3.2 this:

put the ea default setting in all 28 pairs.

put in another chart (xauusd?) an equity handler

when the profit of the magic number reach for example

30,40,50 eur you close all positions and restart again.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Does any one of these EA work for US Brokerage, like FOREX.COM?

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Setting up your priorities is most important thing in life. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Which broker is best for this EA? Can I install it on FOREX.COM (an USA broker)?

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Can I get copy of your EA because my USA broker allows only one direction trading?

Thanks.

Pramod

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Owing to the fact that Robin is a with trend grid trading EA, it is naturally with the hedging operation and that is not available for all USA brokers.

A better broker for Robin is with the following conditions. First of all, the hedge margin per lot is as minimal as possible, for example, if an one lot position is hedging to another one lot position, my broker takes hedge margin per lot is one tenth of margin per lot, the margin require for total two lots hedging positions is only o.1 margin for one lot position. And of course, lower spread, higher leverage, lower swap is preferable.
Attached Image

You can then go shopping around all brokers you know with the simple script attached and find a better one for you.
Attached File(s)   MarketInfo.ex4

6 KB
|
222 downloads

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Thanks. Looks like it is hard to find an US broker for Hedge Trading. I will continue exploring. Which broker are you using?

--- 帖子 #923 ---
I don't think I should answer your question on this thread.  If you want to know, you can PM me.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
This is my live account running Icarus 2.2. Its been running on its own for some months now and very stable and good results. Thanks @MaPi

https://www.myfxbook.com/members/agge00/fredrik/8387736

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Still ticking along nicely, been running on a live account since the start of April, currently up 23%

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Great appreciation for your contribute

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Also run 2.4 on live account since April 9. Here is my set file for small initial deposit.

Could you guys share yours?

--- 帖子 #928 ---
If a pair is in profit or loss and i close it manually ,will this action interept or disturb Robins logic in making decisions in taking next trade?

Please advise if there will be any impact in doing this?

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Hello all,

First of all I thank you all for this amazing post. I have been a silent follower of this thread for some time and I must admit this is the most informative and helpful thread I have came across on forexfactory. I have been testing both the Eas and so far they are working great. Attached is the profits for today. I am using the default settings. The only thing I do is that I manually close some trades when I feel like it is going to go against me or I feel the profit or loss is enough for me. Once again thank to everyone

--- 帖子 #930 ---
10/10  My broker is not charging any margin for hedged positions, this is a big plus when trading grids in an aggressive way, but I will not name the company here because I do not like getting red flagged as commercial stuff

Cheers

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Hi,

short update on my real account wich you can understand as a motivation and/or a warning

I started this year with very aggresiv settings and was able to double the account within 3 months. Before I was able to make a payout I was griding in the wrong move and after a hard battle with the hedging function I was liquididated on one order and closed the rest, the account was minus 4k. I changed the leverage from 1/200 to 1/400 (grr, had I done this before I would not have been liquidated, lol) and now after 3 months, the account is fully recovered and I am ready to attac again...

Pls undersatnd, I use very aggresive settings, you can manage your risk via settings, this is the reason I ask you all to run backtest and fronttest instaed of asking for the best settings

I am trading on a Icarus version which is simular to the 2.3 (out of my head) of our beloved coder

I will enable th etrade explorer here for the account for my buddies, so if you want to see it subscripe to me and let´s be buddies

Cheers
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #932 ---
I'm subscribed to you for a long time - let's be buddies

--- 帖子 #933 ---
No. No impact when you close the position manually.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
somone using this EA on live account? and what is the setting and which version of icarus ,i started first version and 2.2.3 modified,they are still running ,i interrupted it in between out of FOMO.I like the idea of this EA,if someone can share info on how they are doing with it .

i m confused as which one to use,latest robin or latest icarus or old icarus?

--- 帖子 #935 ---
There are no big different of Icarus no matter of latest or old version. The different is only you can directly manually enter positions and you can set profit_lock to 1 with no problem. The trading effect of all version of Icarus won't make too much different. However, I dare not using Icarus on my live account except beginning with a small min lot, 0.01 or 0.02.

To the Robin, I am working out a better hedging logic. I also put my modify Robin into real live account. The new version of Robin I didn't share here yet. For one reason, because of my hedging logic is a little sophisticated, it is hard to be tuned if you don't understand how Robin dealing with the hedging. Comparing to cut off the loss positions manually, it is hard to explain how to tuning the modified Robin.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Dear TeChao,

i have read the improvements till date to the older version is huge,for example there is no option of buylow/sell high and vice versa etc and there is no order chase to profit option in older version,they are in 2.2.5.

is it better to use 2.2.3 modified or 2.2.5? what version most of the traders using here?

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Feel free to choose any option. because the EA on page 1 of Mapi is still a good choice. What you need is control where the major trend starts to reverse (such as a 52 week flat trend has ended opening the next cycle, you can go down smaller like frame D1,... ) to take decisions to stop loss on opposite orders to avoid loss of account and your profit to zero in the next time of strong trend strong.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Could you please show how you decide at moments like this?

--- 帖子 #939 ---
very good suggestion,will u please explain how do u work this out? do u have an indicator to show 52 weeks? i have few ways to count 52 weeks,52 weeks means a full year data,do u take it as quartely basis like 3 months data at a time ? and how do u analyze it? i still need to learn this theory,what you are saying is correct,please explain us more,thanks

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Also, if it's not "52weeks", how do you determine long trend that will kill?

--- 帖子 #941 ---
52 WEEKS means yearly candle and it is divided into 4 quarters,so each 3 months sort of candle gives the bigger picture or direction ,so Looking at where prices have been in the past 7 weeks is what some say is hindsight and perfect vision.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Well done and Thanks Q all of you.  Once I start read first page , second page ..cannot stop continues reading until the end...

I m very excited and learn lot from here. especially MaPi and TeChaoLiang and all team members here..

I will do test next week once live market start. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Thanks for the script it can help a lot.

Can you please share your experience in explaining the items shown here for 2 different brokers?

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #944 ---
OK. The spread of the first one is larger than the second one, means the first will earn you more money from each trade.

The MaxLot of first one is 5 times of the second one, means the first one encourage you put larger lots in your trade. Also,

the Margin required per lot of the first one is 1/5 of the second one, means the first one offers you a 5 times larger leverage than the second one.

Hedge Margin per lot is 50000 for first one means if you have two lots in hedging the broker only count 2*50000=100000, that is, only takes one lot margin. Also, for the second one, it only takes 0.5 lot less of margin.

Swap fee for the first one is cheaper than the second one.

Which broker will you choose? If only two brokers can be chosen, you should choose the first one. If there are other choices, both two brokers are not a good broker to be selected. Try to find a broker with Spread, Margin Required per LOT, and Hedge Margin per LOT as smaller as possible.

You have to noted that when your broker report a zero value to you, it does not means 0.  It just means Not Available.  For example, some broker will return 0 to Tick Value means it no tick value available for you.  But in this case, it will stop most of EAs from running, including Robin and Icarus.  The error message shown in the journal is zero divide in 'your_EA_name.mql4'.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Can you please make a script to print information about all.symbols hedge margin, spread, swaps etc?

--- 帖子 #946 ---
It needs an indicator to do.  A script can not input variables, that is, no way to enter ALL Symbols you want to show.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Why do you have to enter all symbols?

1. Whole symbol list can be extracted by the script or indicator. Mql attached

Attached File(s)   PairsPercentChange_mod_snowy_2021-06-08_v2.mq4

48 KB
|
311 downloads

2. I have mql for an indicator that puts limits on the number of symbols. It needs to be updated for the present version of mt4 and for all symbols with 10 digit labels . Just not for currency symbols with 6 digit label.
Attached File(s)   visual MP count by hanover (iulli).mq4

81 KB
|
296 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Updated version with mqh file at this link

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...83#post9837983

More infor and mql here as well: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...92#post7663292

3. This indicator (no mql) has two methods of inputting symbols. One by lifting directly from the Marketwatch. Another by inputting the symbols manually.

Attached File(s)   Daylight Dashboard V1.0.ex4

19 KB
|
266 downloads

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Hi Mate..Thanks for ur help...I have small issue...I am running ur robin 2.6 and it went went very well last week...It is not running from some reason from today...

Here's a screen shot..can u help...Also note this comes on VPS..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Press F7 and go to general and click allow trading

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Another indicator (no mql) for your reference.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you can produce a table with all the below information for at least 60 symbols in one page , that will be excellent to choose the symbol to trade based on varius considerations:

--- 帖子 #951 ---
This script shows two kind of information, one is account information, the other is market information. Both information are easy to obtain. However, if you want to show all symbols for all market information as well as all account information, it is not easy to accomplish. Why? Firstly, you have to define what is all symbols. Different brokers provide different symbols to trade. All symbols is a vague description to write a script or indicator. Secondary, to show all information and all symbols in one page is hard to arrange the lay out. There are many market information can be obtained, but not all are needed, you have to specify which information is needed for you to select symbols to trade. Also, some market information are time variant, for example, the spread is normally dynamic. Frankly speaking, I don't think it is useful to choose symbol among all symbols to trade for a given broker. Rather, I think we should choose a broker for a given symbol to trade.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
The screen shot can not help me to find out what the problem is. Normally, the spread is relative larger than usual, and my default setting of max spread is 20 (in point value). Check your broker of the current spread, if the spread is greater than 2 (pip value), then Robin won't put order into trade. You can set max spread to a larger value, 60 for example, if you like Robin to trade at the larger spread situation.

When Robin shows green color but not gray color, means Robin is running.  No position open means not reached enter condition.  Current spread is less than the max spread is one of the trading conditions.

Note that, the spread is usually larger at Monday morning.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
The idea is to focus on all symbols information on one page. The information about the account is not required.

All dynamic information about the spread is essential.

It is useful to choose a symbol among all symbols is only when you wish to set up a basket for trading.

Your EA is well coded and you may have a basket-creating facility easily.

For the basket, you have to choose symbols whose movements are alike (positive correlation) and opposite (negative correlation) ensuring that pip value and pip movements are very similar for the symbols selected for the basket.

CFD symbols that are not based on futures use the Tick Factor as the value of the smallest whole unit movement of the specified instrument. It is the reference point used to calculate profit/ loss. Tick Value is the amount of profit/ loss made for a 1 tick move taken as the tick factor.

CFD symbols that are derived directly from the futures calculate tick values differently. It need not be a whole number. It could one fourth or 0.25 of 1 tick.  Futures exchanges establish a minimum amount that the price of a commodity can fluctuate upward or downward. This minimum fluctuation (trade increment) is known as a tick or commodity tick. A tick is any fluctuation in the price of a security.

Choice of broker has to be made after a shopping comparison offered by brokers portal sites like this one https://www.fxempire.com/brokers/best/cfd

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Hey Guys,

anyone who is running Robin 2.6 can share their set files if it is profitable and also the currency pairs. I have been running it on 12 currencies (EU,GU,UC,AU,UC,UJ,EG,NJ,NU,AJ,GJ,EJ) on default presets. I sometimes close the trades manually as well but its one step forward two back. Any advice would be great.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Can you share your results

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Hi I just want try run iCarus and Robin EA in demo accounts.  it is use the same magic number by default for each currency symbol  chart. if we want run for 10 diff symbols.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Using the same magic number on different chart is OK. But do not use the same magic number on different with same currency symbol.  The EA will recognize its position by magic number together with the symbol.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
I have been running Ikarus 2.0 for 12 weeks now without intervention and my account is currently up 28%.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
nice, any open drawdown?

blam

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Absolute Drawdown:18.57Maximal Drawdown:60.97 (5.51%)Relative Drawdown:5.51% (60.97)

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Heelo again...Under normal circumstances I just let Icarus fly, when my yellow alert is triggered I might interact via manual buttons...But sometime I see something in the chart, and adjust the logic (e.g. long/short, start cycle now or more orders per cycle AND especialy CLOSE LAST ORDER) via the hot buttons  Yesterday was such a day, it feels good to have enought margin again to attac when I spot a chance...

Fly, Icarus Fly...Chasing the clouds (but dear user, never forget why I named the EA Icarus)...

Cheers to all of you and thank you for your contribution to this project... Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #965 ---
are you running 2.2?

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Hi, im testing robin 2.6, in the upper left corner there is a text "trade not allowed", and robin started a new cycle with only a sell trade, it should be both buy and sell trade right? is some thing wrong, i clicked auto trading and the face smile, im using icmarket, not a us broker. Thank

--- 帖子 #967 ---
I don't encounter this situation, if trade is not allow, the buttons should be all gray, means market is close.  If not the case, may be the floating spread exceeds the max spread you set.  Also, if you use indicators for triggering buy or sell cycle, it won't has both buy or sell trade at same moment.  Unless you don't use indicators to trigger trades, it won't has both buy and sell trades at the same moment.

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Hi all,

For all those who tried going live with any of the EAs in this thread, can you guys post some sort of recap such as follows:

- EA (name and version)

- Running since (date)

- Starting capital

- Profit made so far

I think this could be helpful for everyone to know exactly on which version of Icarus or Robin to focus on and make back/forward tests moving on. Thanks!

m10021

--- 帖子 #969 ---
thank, this is one of my chart right now, ecn acc so its not about spread, I think even with that "trade not allowed", everything is going normally. Thank for your EA.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Don't mind the "trade not allowed," it is a message of Icarus. I didn't change the show message part when I rewrote Icarus to Robin. Also, your buttons is red, that mostly due to the Equity_Warning, the default settings is 0.2, if you change the setting to 0.5 or larger, the buttons will change to green.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Responding to marengo10021,

- EA Ikarus 2.0 OOTB setting.

- Running since April 2021, no intervention, turned it on and have left running since.

- Currency pairs GBP/JPY

- Starting capital $1,000.00

- Profit made so far $402.16

--- 帖子 #972 ---
thanks for responding! Almost forgot, what instruments are you trading on? (which currency pairs)

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Post updated.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
GOod day,

Could we try this for ATR grid progression, with ATR. This feature allows for the GRID to be dynamic with the market both long term and short term.

HERE IS HOW:

ATR is used with value short term (3-6) and then a 100 MA. Once the MA is placed, a deviation line is set, from the MA. The deviation line is then the GRID spacing. This value will adjust with the markets long term changes. With the main idea of the deviation to be used to avoid short term spikes. Please see image:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now that we have GRID spacing how will it be dynamic?

Then another deviation is used for short term. ATR has to be below the new deviation line before price can be entered.

2 confirming entry conditions:

Deviation 1 line sets the GRID spacing

***Side note about Deviation line, this line should be above 75-80% of the markets noise,

Deviation 2 confirms the ATR line is below the ATR deviation ( this ensures price has calmed down)

RESULT - Next order entry is x pipes away from the previous order, minus all the short term noise without being put into a huge thrust in the opposite direction.

"

double atr=iCustom(Symbol(),0,"ATR_Envelop",ATR_Period,Period_,Deviation,Deviation2,0,0);

if(Period_!=0) {

/*

agpm1=iCustom(Symbol(),0,"ATR_Envelop",ATR_Period,Period_,Deviation,Deviation2,1,0);

agpm2=iCustom(Symbol(),0,"ATR_Envelop",ATR_Period,Period_,Deviation,Deviation2,2,0);

}

agpm2=agpm2/Point/10;

As ATR is higher the GRID spacing increases allowing the GRID to increase its overall range to the current market conditions. The idea eventually tying the Lot size in but isnt necessary.

The end result is the GRID is able to develop of dynamic GRID spacing distance correlated to Account size, well at the same avoid the noise for entry, this allows GRID spacing to increase for the EA to handle the DRAWDOWN.

Here is the next part, analyzing the markets range in the past. This is a stats indicator I got. This gives us the thrust following the GRID spacing I outlined above. So youll see 20 x 20 gives us 54 orders. This means 54 thrusts occurred 200 pips followed by another thrust of 200 pips. Why does this matter for GRID trading?

On that indicator we set previous looked at bars 100000.

Result Only 1 move outside of the range the EA can handle.

And when did that happen?

After the FEDERAL RESERVE change monetary policy direction.

$$$$$$$$$

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hi, mr.TeChaoLiang, can you consider add this indicator as a trigger in Robin, it is a very good indicator from coder Mladen. Thank

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Hi to all

Which setting do you use?

Those are in the first thread? or the default of the EA?

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Do you want to to share your settings with us?

--- 帖子 #978 ---
I'm using Ikarus 2.0, default settings.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
OK, Here you are. But I don't think only use 4TF HMA as a trigger indicator will bring a good result. See attached below 99.9 quality Strategy Test Result.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also, if you like to use this indicator other than its default settings, you have to tuning the indicator to be a good state and modify the settings to it source code and recompile it, so that the indicator will be called as you want. I don't like to put all the indicator's settings into Robin.

By the way, this is also a new version of Robin, named Robin_new_2.6. It has additional settings for dealing with hedging.
Attached Image
Where Hedging filter time frame is the time frame for hedging filter. I use the filter to filter out unnecessary hedging orders to prevent from wrong direction hedging order loss in SL.

Hedging filter multiplier determine the width of the filter band.

Profit lock for hedging position is a profit lock factor for hedging order.

When a hedging order is not reached its BE result but it is still profitable, Robin will close the order and also do a partial close of the hedged order.

The new version of Robin is attached follows.

Attached File(s)   Robin_new_2.6.ex4

150 KB
|
383 downloads
Attached File(s)   Robin_new_2.6.mq4

234 KB
|
565 downloads

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Thank, I will test and give feedback.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Here are some better examples:

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Sir, I have a few questions:

- in picture below, price have reached blue line for ea to take new sell trade but it didnt do it? spread and margin are okay Attached Image (click to enlarge)

- if EA use multi indicators for trigger a trade. it means trades must follow all condition of all indicators at the same time? And bolligerband, ATR... did you use MT4 default indicators?

Thank.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Hi Sifu, TeChaoLiang

Not sure why Ronin 2.6 when turn on and run.. it running smoothly with open trade. But only run one round.. it not open any trade anymore..

Run Icary 2.2 and Icary 2.2 BLSH with good profit.. now running on demo accts.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
If you use 4TF HMA as the trigger condition it must all the four time frame HMA confirm a down trend, not the blue line. Once 4TH HMA first confirm a down trend, a red down arrow will be shown.

By default, yes. If you set "Selected indicators conjuncted apply" to false, then one of the indicators you choose meet the trigger condition will trigger the trade.

By the way, ATR is not an indicator for trigger purpose, it is for grid size calculating. BB, RSI, STO are MT4 default indicators, CoG and 4TF HMS are custom indicators.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
It is because the next trade trigger condition still not meet.  Some time there is no trade whole day or couple days, depending on the trigger condition you arrange.

If you doubt the EA is not running, just set all the indicator usage to false, then you will see there are two opposite trade open at the same moment.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Oh, till now, i think that when a trade (new cycle) already triggered, ea will not open new hedge trade base on indicator but grid size only,

On picture above, the buy trade is in drawdown when trend down, i imagine when price reach blue line, ea will open new 0.2 lot sell trade follow down trend. Am I wrong?

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Hi Sifu, I m running Icarus_M.2.5_post848_BLSH now , the result look good . use original setting. running with few symbols. pls refer to chart. it trade with good profit but so much profit not sure why still not close the trade.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
No, you are right. Robin_new_2.6 has two phases to put the hedge, First it has to reach hedge condition that is you mentioned. Second, Robin will wait for a right moment to begin the hedge. Robin won't hedge immediately as the hedging condition is reached, if the trend is in ranging. When Robin find a trend is occurred, it then put the hedging order in. That is, there are two steps, needed to hedge and the right time to hedge.

Note that, Robin won't hedge a hedging order. If the hedging reach SL, Robin accept the lose and close the hedging order. If a hedging order is close due to SL, Robin will wait for an amount time and try to re-hedge again.

Also, I have a filter to determine when to hedge. By Robin_new_2.6 default, the time frame of the filter is H1. You can apply the filter to your chart at H1. If you see the price is below the lower line of the filter then it is the time to put a sell hedging order. When the price is between the upper and the lower line of the filter, Robin regards the price is in a ranging state and won't put hedging order in so eagerly.

Attached File(s)   Filter.ex4

11 KB
|
285 downloads

--- 帖子 #989 ---
My experience of how to use an EA
To use an EA, especially on a live account, you have to very understanding of what the EA is doing.

To understand what the EA doing, the better way is to read the source code of the EA. That's why I never use an EA without source code. If the EA is coded by yourself, of course, you are very understanding it.

Every EA I shared on the thread always with the source mq4 file. If you can't code a EA, you have at least can read the source file of the EA, or you cannot fully understand what the EA does.

Try to read the source code of an EA to understand the behavior of the EA. After you read enough codes of EAs, perhaps, you can code an EA yourself. And this is also my experience.

I have received many questions of why the Robin or Icarus perform like this. The answers is clearly in their source code, you just need to read.

If there is part of the source code you don't understand, you can post your question here, and I will explain to you. But, please do not ask questions that already have answers in the source code. Please try to read the source code otherwise the source codes I share here will be meaningless.

You don't have to read all codes of the EA, you just need put your attention on in what situation the EA will put a trade in and in what situation the EA will close the trade. That is enough for you to understand the behavior of the EA. EA put order into trade will through an OrderSend() function and close an order will through an OrderClose() function. You can then trace the source code the EA begin with those two functions. Where those function are used in the EA, you can use the search to find them. It is not so hard to understand an EA.

When you understand the behavior of an EA, you will better know how to set up the settings of the EA. To different symbols there are different settings suitable for them. You have to find out a better settings for the specific symbol. For instance, although I suggest you can run Robin on multiple currency pairs, but different currency pairs have their better or best settings, you have to take time to find out the appropriate setting via back testing. If you put Robin on multiple currency pairs and each currency pair with its better settings, then I think, your profit is predictable.

Finally, I will show a too good to be true BT results of my another EA which I didn't share it anywhere because this EA is not a grid trading EA. I running back test of 2021.5 ~ 2021.6 two months, beginning with an 1000 USD account, two months running result is 17420.60 USD. Dare I put this EA on my live account? No, I dare not. Because I think it just like a blind cat encounter a dead mouse. Even though the EA is coded by myself, I don't believe there is such a good thing. The result is far exceed my expected. The backward test will tell you something but not all, you have to run forward test on demo account to make sure the EA is running as you expect and stable enough.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Thumbs up for good efforts.

Can you put an option to tell Robin not to close hedging trade at SL.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
I can but I won't. Unless you can convince me why you don't accept the SL of a hedging order. Normally, we put double amount of lots to hedge a loss position, when the hedging position is reached its SL, meaning the hedged position is not loss so much than the time we doing hedge. Also, the loss increase from the hedging position is double amount of the loss from hedged position decrease. Not to close hedging trade at SL will increase your floating loss.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Smart post...It´s like a filter for beeing succesful with our EAs...Read and follow it, put in hours in BT and FT and you gonna make it...If you don´t you will not...Cheers

--- 帖子 #993 ---
TGIF Friends,

US figures are ahead and my trading week was a nice one...today I played a little with manual mode and found me with 14 Lots EURUSD short on a bearish divergenc on stoachstic...When market came down I scaled out the winnings...I wish you all a nice weekend with your beloved ones,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers

FYI: I am still trading with my old beta wich is simular to 2.3, doing this on M5

--- 帖子 #994 ---
That's true, I have the same experiences too...

LoL

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Hello

I've noticed this EA sometimes doesn't close in profit when price passes TP and it waits for the price to come back to hit TP again. Is it possible to add a trailing stop function to this EA? also I think an SL function for each grid would be a nice addition to have. that way we could set a potential risk to reward ratio for each grid.

I'd appreciate it if anyone could add these codes to this EA.

Edit: I meant a trailing stop for each grid and not each trade separately.

cheers

--- 帖子 #996 ---
profit_lock is a kind of trailing stop mechanism of the EAs on this thread. By the way, you have to specify which EA you are mentioned, we have Icarus and Robin.

Neither Icarus nor Robin employs a traditional grid trading strategy. They do not have a really SL mechanism but a virtual SL, also, they do not have many grids but only one grid with the grid size dynamically changed. To a traditional grid trading EA, your suggestions is correct and are already implemented in its code.

I think you have to understand the behavior of the EAs which we are discussing here in advance, before you give your valuable suggestion. For Icarus and Robin, there is no so called "each grid."

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Aren't they the same thing? I gave them both a try and they both seem very lacking even compared to other lower-tier EAs that are available for the public. I wanted to delete my post since I changed my mind about automated trading altogether but thank you for your response anyway.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Hey @ All,

hope you are doing well  My real account is running hot, when they are publishing news, could we ask EZB to release statements every day?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The profit factor reprensts trading after my liquidation in April, it is not 100% produced by automated trading, I used the hot buttons a couple of times when I had a strong guess where EURUSD is going...Purely automated I would expect the PF to be in the area of 2,4ish...I am trading with an european broker beeing blessed to be profession client with a leverage of 1:400, spread is in average 0,1 pip and I pay 3 € per Lot comission. Swap rates are real good, so far I am plus swap for this year. Choosing a good broker is essential when trading Icarus as aggessiv as I do, as you can see the turnover this year is close to 500 Lots equals 50 Mio EUR...

Sry for beeing so passiv here the last months, my job is giving me crazy workloads at the moment and the weekend is reserved for my GF, family and friends, I hope you understand.

I am still having plans to start a Youtube on this project, most likley I will do so end of the year...

Thanks to you all for beeing part of this thread, you made it now allready greater than I ever could imagin, and this, my friends, was just the start...

If you want to watch my  real account perform, subscribe me and I will do the same, it is only shown to my buddies here on FF...

Cheers to all of you

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Hi mr @TeChaoLiang I forward test EA for few days and I thought that I completely understand how Robin works, but now when I see closed trades, there are some weird trades, they all quickly close in loss and have 0.3 lot size (my settings 0.1 lot, hedge multiply 2), is this a bug? in picture below, 0.3 lot trade started (when virtual TP reached I guess?) and then closed at the same time with a 0.1 lot win trade (at profit lock?), right after that is a new 0.1 trade follow the trend. If this is a function, can you tell me how to turn it off
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another thing, I want to test Robin with virtual SL bigger than TP, ATR on, is there any way to do that beside rewrite mql4 code? Thank

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Show me your trade as well as Account history, so that I can figure out why there is a 0.3 lots trade.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
here they are sir:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

zoom in:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
The 0.3 lots should be a profit chasing position. I think you had set No. of orders with the trend to 3 but not 1 or 2. Would you also upload the settings file .set ?

If you don't like this feature, you can set No. of orders with the trend to 0 or just set profit_lock to 1.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
yes, I set it 3 Attached File(s)   123.txt

< 1 KB
|
314 downloads

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Orders with the trend are 0.1 lot orders instantly open after previous order take profit, right? So what are 0.3 lots order for, Robin close it with few pips loss then open new follow trend 0.1 lot order, sorry I dont get the logic here.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
orders_follows=3 is your setting. That's why 0.3 lots. (3*0.1 = 0.3)

It means you use triple lots of min lots to chasing the profit. The following part of codes is using buy positions as an example to explain the logic to you, I commend the explanation as red.

// CASE 2.1 >>> We reach Take Profit so we activate profit lock

if(buy_max_profit==0 && total_buy_profit>CalculateTP(buy_lots[0])) //Reach virtual TP

{

buy_max_profit=total_buy_profit;  //Set Max profit so far

buy_close_profit=profit_lock*buy_max_profit; //Calculate close profit by profit lock

if (!Buy_Chased[buys-1] && orders_follows>0) //Perform profit chasing

{

if (buys<max_open_positions && buys<max_positions)

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,orders_follows*CalculateStartingVolume(),Ask,slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

Buy_Chased[buys-1] = true;

return;

}

}

// CASE 2.2 >>> Profit locked is updated in real time When continue in profit, update max profit and close profit

if(buy_max_profit>0)

{

if(total_buy_profit>buy_max_profit)

{

buy_max_profit=total_buy_profit;

buy_close_profit=profit_lock*buy_max_profit;

}

}

// CASE 2.3 >>> If profit falls below profit locked we close all orders

if(buy_max_profit>0 && buy_close_profit>0 && buy_max_profit>=buy_close_profit && total_buy_profit<buy_close_profit) //Close positions in profit

{

if (total_buy_profit+total_sell_profit>0) CloseAllSells();

CloseAllBuys();

Buy_Chased[buys-1] = false;

With_Buy[buys-1] = false;

return;

}

If you don't like to chase the profit, just set profit lock to 1, then when virtual TP is reached the order is close immediately. Or you can set orders_follows=0 (that is "No. of orders with the trend" in your input settings), and the EA will send a zero lots fail order, the error message will be shown in your journal but no harm to the EA running.

All the answers of your questions are in the source code, please take time try to read it.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Dear Mr. TeChaoLiang

Can you provide the conditions for me to use the expert buttons when using the Meta 4 tester?

I did some tests on Robin and IKarus experts and I will upload the result.

But I realized that without using their control buttons, it is practically impossible to measure the real situation.

In some cases, the expert makes a lot of profit based on the settings that the user has to manage and save the profit, but this possibility does not exist in the tester and the buttons do not work.

And in some cases, which can easily prevent Express from entering the red zone, this is still not possible

Also, it would be great if you put the option for emergency exit in the settings (in both experts). (with Trure Or false)

For example, when you reach the required risk and the buttons turn yellow or red, close all positions and start again.

The first and second photos are for Icarus_M_3 2

And the second result for Rabin 2.7

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
There is no way to use the buttons when you are running back test. The buttons only effected when you running forward test.

When you running a forward test or even on a live account, if you want put position in, you had better use the buttons or your position put won't have a magic number for the EA to take over control. But if you just want to close positions, you can directly close it from your MT4 terminal without using the close buttons. A closed position doesn't need the EA to take care, however, an open position needs the EA to follow up.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
2.23 do not support backup forces (EURUSD.i)

I'm testing another platform today.

This is the VPS result 2.23 from April to today

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
How to define the required risk? You can use Equity_Warning as a risk alert, the smaller the value is the sooner the Alert Red shown. Then you can stop the EA manually from your MT4 terminal.

Equity_Warning = 0.2  means the equity is 20% off from your initial deposit money.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Is there an alternative?

For example, there should be a section in the settings where it can be said that whenever the maximum number is reached and it was in profit, it will automatically close the positions or close it at a loss.

I saw an expert who used the typing option to use buttons during testing

I will put the link to that expert. And if I find a video on how to use it, I will send it to you
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post10293664

To understand the performance of Express, it is necessary to use all its control capabilities in backtest conditions.

I have been experimenting with various experts for a long time. Sometimes an expert makes a profit for two years in a row and finally blows up your account in a month. So it will be dangerous.

Live Market Testing (demo or real) offers few opportunities and options to explore.

The point I found in testing the various Grid system experts was that one of the key to their success was having the right risk with Rivard.

If your failure in Expert is more than your victory, Expert will not be useful

And if your chances of winning with a small profit are greater than the number of times you lose with a big loss, the expert still has no chance of success.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Please share this indicator

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
ok i am sharing my results...

i am trading with dax... robot icarus...

it happens big draw down when the dax go short or log many points.

i started scratch demo with 10k eur. the draw down was

max 6k eur thwn the balance was 12k.

sometimes i let all sell orders to close and stay waiting

that the price come up... not completely automated so...

i have icmarkets demo account.

leverage 1.30.

i am not going to put  this in real.....

bye bye to all.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Dear Mr. TeChaoLiang

An important issue is using the clock setting in Expert

For example, when you set the start of the expert work at 8 am and the end at 1 pm, when the expert arrives at 1 pm, it stops completely.

This means that if you have a game cycle, it will be released

I think it is better to continue the last cycle to get results. Not to stop completely

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
An alternative choice is just stop initiating any new cycles, the not closed remaining cycles will still under managing of Robin. Which means, Robin will still putting orders to chase the profit and will still putting necessary hedging orders and doing hedge management till positions are all closed.

Attached is the alternative choice version.

Attached File(s)   Robin_new_2.7.ex4

150 KB
|
369 downloads
Attached File(s)   Robin_new_2.7.mq4

234 KB
|
662 downloads

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Hello

Just wanted to say a big thanks to MaPi; Icarus & TeChaoLiang; Robin

I have been back testing Icarus and will now forward test on a demo acc to see how it performs

Cheers

M

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Dear Mr. TeChaoLiang

Is there a problem with these codes? (Icarus_M_3.2 Timing)

In the section related to  Sell , Buy conditions are entered

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
That's great

thanks a lot

May I ask you to make this change on Icarus as well? (Icarus_M_3.2 Timing)

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Here you are, as attached.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.3.ex4

165 KB
|
369 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.3.mq4

245 KB
|
507 downloads

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
thanks a lot.

Did you check the codes I sent?

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
No, I didn't check, but now I have checked.

It is truly a bug with no harm, because the conditions always true in most of time.  This bug is exist in the very old version of Icarus (Ikarus), because I didn't notice it and just leave them there.  So, all versions of Icarus are inherited of them.

The modified code of Icarus is uploaded as attached.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.3.ex4

164 KB
|
479 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_M_3.3.mq4

245 KB
|
635 downloads

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Here you go, Cheers

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Thank you very much, Mr TeChoaLiang

I seem to have identified a problem that can sometimes cause the account to crash

Icarus test is over.  When the Robin test is ready, I will send it to you to see.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
greetings,

how to make this automated?

should i click the buy and sell button?

which button is to click and leave?

sorry im new to this

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Dear, Mr TeChoaLiang

When Icarus completes positions in a certain position and has only one position in profit on the other side and the trend is in favor of a position, the profit locks the correct position and no longer takes a position in that direction but positions opposite to the trend. Continues to lower the average.

The result is an explosion of the account in some cases, because if the trend is strong, martingling will destroy it.

Consider the following example

I tested gold. It was profitable for about 6 months, but in the last 10 days it blew up the account.

During these 6 months, this situation was repeated many times, but he was saved by chance, but in the last 10 days, he could not survive.

What happened was:

It took several selling positions on gold, but the trend suddenly changed. He took a position and entered the profit and locked the profit. He maximized gold sales positions but did not open any new positions in favor of the trend. The result was that due to the large volume of the tuberculosis position, the account died

I used the "number of orders for chasing profit" option, but it ignored the trend and added positions in both directions and vice versa.

I am not a coder but I try to read and understand the codes

It seems that a new "case" should be added under the headings (sells==1 And Sells>1) and (buy==1 And Buy>1) .

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Icarus is not an EA my developed, I just modified it from the very beginning Ikarus which is the main topic of this thread. According to Mapi's requirement, I added many indicators for initiating a cycle instead of starting with a pair of hedging positions to initiate both buy and sell cycles at the same moment. Frankly speaking, I am not appreciated with Icarus, because it is a against the trend grid trading EA. Although it may profitable but also dangerous. Ranging market is favor for Icarus and a long trending market will destroy your account. Especially, you are using Martingale to increase position lots and not starting with a very small lots. That's why, I develop my Robin, which is a with the trend grid trading EA.

For a grid trading EA, Icarus or Robin, determine a appropriate grid size is important. The original Icarus (Ikarus) use a fixed grid size as you set in the settings. I added "ATR for grid size" for dynamically determine the grid size to trade. When you choose using ATR for grid size, the grid size in the settings is no longer effected. However, you have to aware that appropriate grid size for a with the trend grid trading EA and a against the trend grid trading EA is different. You have to tune it for good yourself according to the symbols you are trading.

I also found that there is no profit chasing mechanism in the original Icarus. That's why I added a profit chasing mechanism to Icarus so that it can chase the profit when the price activity is favor to the profitable cycle. I only let it to chase the profit at the last order of the cycle reaches it virtual TP. You can then adjust the value of profit lock together with number of orders with the trend to have a better effect. For example, if you set a lower profit lock value, say 0.3, that is when the total profit of the cycle is less than 30% of the max profit of this cycle ever reached, all positions of this cycle will be closed. Owing to the fact that the price won't just go straight up or down, a smaller profit lock gives you a potential to reach a higher total profit and update your max profit value. When you set the profit lock a higher value, say 0.9, you may miss the potential profit gain but at least you can receive 90% of the max profit so far, and the whole profitable cycle is closed.

Icarus is not my EA, I just add some additional mechanisms to it. If you choose not using any indicators, not using ATR to determine the grid size, not to chasing the with trend profit. Icarus behave as it original be. To the main trading control logic inside Icarus, I prefer not to change to keep it worked as it is. In fact, case (sells==1) and case (sells>1) can be combined into one case (sells>=1), I had combined them in my Robin, but I still leave them in Icarus.

Robin is my EA, I can do any change as I like.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
your modeling quality is too low and this is the typical problem for any grid ea, its the reason Mr. TeChaoLiang made Robin. Icarus: against trend, huge balance, suitable low volatility pair. Robin: vice versa. that's why it is too risky for running icarus on gold, indices, exotic pairs...

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Dear, Mr TeChoaLiang

Thank you for your explanation.

I use both experts (Icarus and Robin). And I always use ATR to set up the network. The currency pairs I test on are GBPUSD and XAUUSD

I am not a coder and I have knowledge of code reading experience. Unfortunately, I still could not understand the logic of Robin's performance. That's why I wanted to ask you to give me a detailed explanation about it.

I noticed that Robin uses fewer positions and also apparently uses Stop Loss because sometimes the positions come out at a loss. I apply the settings of a successful Icarus test on Robin and see different results. Robin often manages the first two hedge positions and rarely increases the number of positions. I noticed that you have separated the hedge positions from the main positions (I do not know how correct my understanding was)

I tried to give this change to Robin, but so far I have not succeeded.

I seek to take all positions in the direction of the indicator in each cycle. Not just a trigger position.

I noticed that you have installed in the latest version of Robin such a feature that in addition to the trigger, the hedge position indicator is also filtered with the MA trend (Uptrend(TREND_TF) == 0) (downtrend (TREND_TF) == 1)

But I did not understand what happens when Robin closes positions with a loss

I will be very grateful to you

Give a complete explanation of Robin's performance

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Dear, TDV

Thank you for your explanation. It was useful for me.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Your understanding is correct.

Robin is a with the trend grid trading EA, It naturally has some hedging effect but not enough to recover the floating loss. So I manage hedging cycle separately for special dealing with the loss position. I do not hedge a loss hedging position, but take the loss. In this case, means the hedging is a wrong direction hedge, I try to take the loss of wrong hedging position when the loss of the hedging position is almost equal to the loss less of the loss position being hedged. When a hedging position reaches its virtual TP but not BE to the loss position, Robin perform a profit lock control, as the profit lock control is reached it close the hedging position and also do a partial close of the loss position, that will reduce the lots of the loss position.

Note that, Robin and Icarus are designed for trading currency pairs. When using on other symbols, you have to readjust the settings. For example, XAUUSD, the PIP value is 100*point value, but normally currency pairs PIP value is 10*point value, and ATR value is in point value unit. That means your setting of the multiplier of ATR, in order to fit an appropriate grid size for XAUUSD should at least 10 times of currency pair settings.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
excellent.

Thank you for your explanation

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Read the first post  Cheers

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Always prompt that the transaction history has not been loaded

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Hi anyone know why Icarus_M_3.3 works fine on a back test but places no trades on my live demo account? thanks

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Hi my friend I found that 2.23 is still easy to use

I'm testing Icarus_M_3.3.ex4 you shared

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
You need to understand the principle of 3.3. Check the historical chat records and every sentence that techaoliang said

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
You need to understand what techaoliang said. To understand the principle of this EA is not to download, install and test directly, and then use it blindly without understanding the principle. Even if this EA is invincible, it will explode in your hands

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
I'm surprised that I have revised it countless times and still prompted some inexplicable problems. The diary clearly prompted that the position was opened on the 28th, but there was no such transaction in the transaction record

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Ok it trades on my demo now.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Hi mr.TeChaoLiang, in picture below Robin close 0.2 lot hedge buy order in profit but the initial 0.1 lot sell trade hasn't been closed, is this a bug? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Show me the records of Trade and Account History. Perhaps the 0.1 lots sell is closed partially. I can not find problem from the chart.  The codes I checked without any problem.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Crazy day
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers and good night!

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Make shure in MT4 history (terminal) all trades are selected...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Here they are mister:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
The codes seem no errors, I don't know why the hedging position is close in profit but the loss sell position was not closed.

Perhaps closing of sell position was not success? Are there any message from journal or Experts?

if (BE) // As the hedge reaches BE, close hedging buy cycle and sell cycle

{

CloseAllHedgeBuys();

if (sells>0)

{

CloseAllSells();

With_Sell = false;

BE = false;

}

return;

}

if(hbuy_max_profit>0 && hbuy_close_profit>0 && hbuy_max_profit>=hbuy_close_profit && total_hbuy_profit<hbuy_close_profit)

{
// At this point although not reached BE, but hedging positions are going to be close due to profit lock. We do a partially close of the lost sell position.

CloseAllHedgeBuys();

Hedge_remove_Time_buy = TimeCurrent();

if (sells>0)

{
double partial_sell_lots = NormalizeDouble(sell_lots[sells-1]*total_hbuy_profit/-sell_profit[sells-1],2);
double remain_sell_lots = sell_lots[sells-1] - partial_sell_lots;
OrderCloseReliable(sell_tickets[sells-1],partial_sell_lots,Ask,slippage,Green);

SL_sell = CalculateSL(remain_sell_lots,1);

With_Sell = false;

}

return;

}

In your case, it should close the hedging position in the situation BE and the sell position is also closed after the hedging position is closed.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
I have checked expert tab, Robin couldn't partially close that order because the broker I'm testing on require min lot = 0.1 lot, my bad question again
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Dear,MaPi

excellent

May I ask what time frame are you working in?

And can you tell me the settings of the expert and its version?

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
I am using a old beta wich is quit simular to the last Icarus version before ATR came in. Trading on M5...1:400 Leverage... Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
thank you very much

Did you share this version?

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
No, I can not, I promised the coder to not publish it...But it is super simular to the version before ATR...I think 2.3

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
If you promise, then you are doing the right thing

thank you

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
hello everyone, here are my settings for icarus 3.3 eurusd m5

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Indicator

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Can't go wrong with grids.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
first of all I would like to sincerely thank everyone who contributed to this topic to develop together,

and with all the love for @mapi with versions of Icarus. @TeChaoLiang with his versions of Robin....

I spent my one evening going through all the posts in this thread, I found @TeChaoLiang very enthusiastic in answering his Robin related questions, with user requests. , and because there are so many modified versions, I didn't know which is the full version until now, which is the most complete version,

the difference of robin 2.6 vs robin 2.6 new versions is old and how is it different from robin 2.7 vs 2.7 new version????

actually i spent an entire evening reading this thread but it's too confusing for me to know what is the most complete version up to the current zen please let me know.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
First of all, I like theway Robin displays it better, it helps me understand the data that I need to care about right on the chart, thanks
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Dear Professor TeChaoLiang
ok i tried to contact you @TeChaoLiang, but no way, now i will try to explain here, and very hope i can chat with him directly via gmail or any other tell me what channel First it is my settings for this test with Robin_new_2.7

As you can see I have set the minimum lots to 0.01.

the first problem here is that i can't see any ink indicating that the initial lot will be multiplied by it to get the next lot as i don't see the mutimanual clearly, i want to be able to adjust it at outside,

and next as we have seen it has big dips (DD) the green line always goes below its blue line and that says it's holding the position for too long and it holds losses for too long, so it will always drag the equity down over time, if the market is still in a strong trend, and previously opened orders are against the trend, those same orders will burn Burn your account because of the big loss

it has a very clever order processing, I suppose, but as we have seen, orders 272, 320 in the end still burn the account so why????

watch out for the winning orders before the 2 put-loss orders of 272 and 320, before these losers burn the account, so why doesn't it process immediately after closing the orders and then profit like it does close each part???
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and one more problem of the CoG indicator.

i have an indicator maybe it's similar to yours, and i really hope you will integrate it into the EA's source code so you don't have to add it as an external indicator, i will attach it right here
Attached File(s)   Center of Gravity.mq4

5 KB
|
319 downloads

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
So far by now, you don't have to pay attention on the message showed, because I didn't take care of the show message part. I suggest you disable show message on the settings. (The show message part is inherited from Icarus, for Icarus, it is OK, for Robin, I am not sure.)

I didn't do the show message part for Robin yet. Because I don't need those message for developing Robin or running Robin.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
new 2.7 is a modified version of new 2.6, the former is when off the trading time window stopping initiate new cycle but keep manage the positions that not be closed, the later is when off the trading time window stopping all operations.

if you don't restrict the trading time, new 2.7 and new 2.6 are indifferent.

But 2.7 is another story, it is a special version for forex1x8 who asked for adding WPR as an triggering indicator. However, I don't think WPR will bring a better result, so only Robin 2.7 has the special indicator WPR.

Normally, the later the version number be, the more complete the EA.

Also, every modified version, Icarus or Robin, I share here you can read from my posts of the posts near by my post before to understand why doing the modification. You can easily to find every versions I share via my personal information Forums Attachment.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Good day.My testing of ikaruse since 19 of May.Regards.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
I've been back testing Icarus 2.2.5, at some point it held the buys and only close out the sell trades. So the Equity is always on top of the Balance, but it eventually crashed. Is it supposed to do that, or were the buys supposed to be auto/manually closed out earlier?

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Which version and pairs are you testing?

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Version 2.2.Pair GBP/USD. M15.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Hi, I guess equity is most above balance due to your low input on profit lock...cheers

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Can you explain the profit lock? I tried to follow the codes, but not sure if I understand it correctly. thanks

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Hi, profit_lock: Percentage of profit secured by trailing stop.

So when the cycle is hitting the target (red or blue line), this is the percentage of € wich is protected by trailing stop...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
your another EA looks great!

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
The hot buttons are only activated when they're yellow or red? I tried clicking them while green, and nothing happens.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Good day

I have a such a problem:

2021.08.04 03:00:00.049 '1138629': order sell 0.15 GBPUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough rights]

Any advise,please.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
It depends on what version you run.  If you run Icarus 2.2, the answer is YES.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
It seems that you've made quite a good EA. Thank you for your contribution! I am going to test this out and for sure give feedback!

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
I have to say that there is no EA will long live survive if you put arbitrary parameters in the input settings. To a grid trading EA, grid size is critical to profitable or burn your account in the end. I have given the option of using ATR to determine an appropriate grid size for Icarus as well as Robin. You must aware that a grid size suit for Icarus is not suit for Robin, because their grid trading logic are totally different.

Here comes a question that is how to find an appropriate using ATR? I am going to illustrate for you. First of all, I always like to use 5 hours average data to be the ATR calculation base. 5 hours average ATR could be calculated from H1 period 5 or M15 period 20 or M5 period 60. I'll take M15 period 20 as the illustrating example, and we are going to find what multiplier will give us a better dynamic grid size for the symbol you trade.

You can then running optimization on your MT4 strategy tester. Select ATR multiplier as the parameter to be optimized. Set the start, step, and stop value to find a better value within the start and stop value. See the attached picture:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this illustration, I use history data from 2010.9.1 to 2121.4.30 to run the optimization. As you can see, if you choose ATR multiplier in the green block, it of course will burn your account. Don't ask me to modify my EA because you are setting a wrong parameter for ATR.

If you choose multiplier from the red block, your account is safe and profitable. There are many criteria to select a multiplier value to use.

You can select one with maximum profit or select one with minimum DD rate, it is up to you.

Normally, as I have selected a parameter for ATR multiplier, I will use this value to run BT of other time period, for example, from 2021.4.1 to 2021.7.31, as a verification of the parameter is stable and OK.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
I would only have the question, if the dradowns reach 80-90% with the "optimized" ATR factor, isn't that too much for profitable trading?

One also have to check that a drowdown does not exceed 50% of the margin.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
1. When I started testing 1.1, I found that I needed to load indicators

2. When I tested another 2.23, I found that there were no transactions in the last three days

3. Start testing m-3.1 today

These tests will last for one year and be performed by VPS

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Well, it depend on which EA you are running.  For Robin, you have to keep enough free margin to guarantee the EA will work normally, that is, one min lots for normal position and 2 min lots for hedging, total of margin need for three time of min lots.  For Icarus, you have to predict the max positions and the progressive lot size of each position to calculate how much free margin is enough to guarantee the EA work normally.

Anyway, reduce your min lots will reduce the drawdown percentage.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
You have to put the custom indicator Center Of Gravity.ex4 into your MT4 indicators folder.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Running Ikarus2.2 demo and back tests on JPY pairs, it only takes the initial buy/sell, but doesn't do anything else afterwards. Did anyone else ran into this bug? Maybe there was a fix I missed. thanks

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Friends, from Monday on I will visit the place, where Icarus and his father have started their flight, the isle of Crete is waiting for me. I will be back end of Áugust, but during my vacation I will not be often online here...Happy NFPs and have a great weekend, Cheers

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
hello, thanks to Mapi for the launch and moderation This thrrad, and to you for your great support.

I am a hobby trader, but I can also programming on the medium level in MQL5 since 3 years.

I tested a lot of strategies and concepts,  talked to a few experienced traders, and after these three years  I lost a lot and earned little  I started to notice a different dimension of trading, instead of fighting for a setup, you have to manage your position.

Currently, I am at the stage of analyzing the requirements and assumptions for EA that perfectly fit the Mapi thread and your observations above.  unfortunately, regular work means that I cannot devote myself to this activity 24/7

If Mapi agreed, maybe it would be possible to deal with the whole thread about EA studies and development based on an intelligent grid

also if Mapi and You agree, I will share the specification of this Strategy/EA here, and maybe it will shed some new light on ideas, and make better next versions of EA.

My strategy is based on several assumptions: 1) the moment of entry is not that important 2) the most important thing is to have a system that is 100% adaptable to the conditions that appear on a regular basis 3) an ideal system is one where there are no rigid parameters, e.g. "grid size"

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
To me, I am very happy you can share your experience on this thread but it still depends on Mapi because this is his thread.

I agree with your assumptions. For a grid trading EA, the moment of entry is not so important. I hope we can develop a grid trading EA that can sense real time price action from the market and adapt itself to follow the price action. ATR for grid size determination is one of the mechanism to auto fit the market price action, but it is not enough. We need a totally adaptable strategy and control logic for the EA to run on any market situation. For instance, a trend market favors the with trend grid trading strategy, a ranging market favors the against trend grid trading strategy. Then, how does the EA can sense or feel the market is in ranging or trending is the first issue. Also, how to switch between two strategies to fit the market PA is the second issue. How to manage two different strategies in one EA is a final issue. Do you have any idea of above issues?

I would like to share what I have learned to beginning the informative discussion with you. I have learned that almost 30% market PA is in trending and 70% in ranging. To a trending market, I found we can use real time ATR to determine a better TP so that we can earn as much as we can. For example, if we can tune a set of parameters for ATR (time frame, period, and multiplier) to fit the symbol you are going to trade, the result is very profitable. To implement it, we don't set any TP of a position to enter the market, we check the real time ATR value to determine whether or not we close the position in profit. Take XauUSD as an illustration, the PA is trend up in May 2021 and is trend down in June 2021, a simple EA that enter a trade based on any potential trending indicator, use support/resistance as the SL and real time ATR to take profit. Run the EA from 5/3 to 6/30, beginning with 1000 USD, 0.7 lots for each trade, at the end, we have 16316 USD in result.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I need to learn is what is the better trading strategy for a ranging market?

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Hi, new input and ideas are always welcome here...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
What's timefrime to use?

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
You can select whatever time frame you like. Only time frames choose for indicators are needed. Before you select time frames you can draw the indicators on the chart to see what time frames for what indicators you are going to use to trigger a trade. To the ATR settings, you have to trial and error to find the settings suit for the symbol you are going to trade. You have to do yourself, no one can help you.

When you run a back test, I suggest you use 1M time frame and every tick mode, that will give you a more accurate testing result. If you run fore test or run live account, no matter what time frame you select for the chart, it will work according to the indicator's time frame you selected unless you choose current time frame for your indicators.

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
How about drawdown filter?

If maximum drawdown more than 50% , close oldest orders

Should be?

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
No, it should not be. To a grid trading EA, close the oldest order won't help but will destroy the EA's normal functions.

You can run a forward test on your demo account, when you find the DD is more than 50% you close the oldest order manually to see what happens.

Do test and verify your suggestion before you propose a new idea. Also, share your test results here to justify your idea is a good idea.

Also, to have a drawdown filter the EA has to determine real time value from equity. But the equity reflect the whole equity of your account not the drawdown for EA you are running. If you have another trade on another chart, the equity is also include the floating profit or loss of other trade.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
From what I understand, the original EA opens buy/sell at the same time and will do it's hedging functions. But the later EAs with indicators, only buy or sell depending on the indicators. This main different make the original and later EAs not the "same" anymore. MaPi, which version are you running live now?

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Thank you Mapi and TeChaoLiang for your consent.

Over the weekend I spent a bit on the analysisi and coding and it dawned on me that trading with the grid is nothing more than trading with Stop Loss, only SL it is created in a specific way.

Finally, this whole grid-based "entry/exit" model generates specific coefficients, such as:

1. Proft Factor

2. Recovery Factor

3. Sharp-Ratio

4. the Z-Score

Following this way, treating the model as a black box, you can generate n-variations of the model that will give similar indicators as "grid" model, and will not be based on the grid

In "grid" way that it is easier to accept the loss, because it is somewhat "hidden" behind the n order positions. It is different with the traditional SL and TP. Where SL touches us immediately and we feel emotions here and now. In grid, emotions are spread over time, the losses are also the same as in the traditional model, as no bigger.

Next thing is the strategy entitled:

1. Do I want to add to losing positions, hoping that their direction will change

2. Do I want to add to the earning positions, hoping that they will be even greater.

My trading nature is that 2

For this reason, I started my research and verification of various theses that may lead to what in the future.

I created a separate thread for this. Nevertheless, I will stay here with you because, as you know, it is always worth talking.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Sorry can you write ikuca3.3 for mt5 ? because I'm using mt5. Thank you very much Techaoliang.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Hi, I can not answer for him, but you have the code so you can pay a coder to do the job or switch to MT4...Or you may offer value input so the work on his side is a win win, cheers

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
I code MQL4 program but MQL5. As I know FunkyKoval is coding MQL5. However, translate Icarus from mq4 to a mq5 is a very difficult task, because its original code is in mq4 and no any mq5 version.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Does this EA has specific setting guideline by PDF ?

What is latest version?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Which EA you mean? Icarus or Robin? The Icarus_M_3.3 and Robin_new_2.7 are the newest versions so far.

Plese refer to #post 907 for setting guide. https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13591392

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Hi @TeChaoLiang

Can you add the zone recovery strategy for the Robin

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Icarus 2.2 slightly modified with BB entries. Running live account, up about 12% for the week.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
After five months, during the non-agricultural period of this month, EA opened its position with the largest number of hands, sustained a floating loss for a week, and suddenly reached the original TP position today. As a result, it turned out that the two 0.01 positions were opened in reverse, and there was a hedging phenomenon, which is unimaginable

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Hi, my friend, how much is the balance of your account funds running so many currency pairs? Excuse me?

Your balance is 1300 USD? It is recommended that you use 10000USD for multiple currency pairs, otherwise you will explode

I've just had a week of torture. It's very painful

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
In addition, can you share your modified version 2.28 and setting parameters

I want to learn about it

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Basically, The Hedging mechanism of Robin is like the concept of zone recovery strategy. But I just let robin takes only one round of hedging. The reason is if you don't have enough free margin available. A sequence of hedging operating will increase you margin requirement very quickly and you have the risk of burning your account.

I would rather to take the loss of my hedging order as it is hedging in wrong direction. Because when the hedging position is in loss, then the loss position to be hedged is also decrease its loss. I like to close the hedging position when the amount of loss of the hedging position is almost equal the amount of the loss decrease of the loss position being hedged.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Hedging is an art. It requires the presence of mind and an ability to take risks at points where the chances of hedging going bad is small.

Like Scale/grid entry, Hedging strategy needs a scale/grid of releasing locks.

It will work beautifully if you trade futures where swaps costs are not imposed.

Only MT5 is certified for futures trading. Not CFD trading. Only AMP futures provides CME futures trading.

So you have to develop MT5 EA.

I lock in hedges whenever I feel like sleeping, going out or facing compressed range trading giving no scope for release locks or taking any risk.

Maximum hedge can be kept for 3 months or less depending on the date of futures expiry.

I have kept it up to 2 months by hedging and bringing the margin to a neural. If I hedge with loss locked, only the loss will be less from margin capital.

If hedged with profit locked, then the margin will show more money.

I hedge with a profit of 50 pips if I want to take it to the exhaustion resistance level and then release Buy hedge with 50 pips profit locked. Giving space to the bear position to lose from profit plus some more risk money loss. I have seen most of the reversion moves take place from an All-time high after 12 H4 candles.

Dax has hit all-time high last Thursday and I am waiting for the reversion to take place. I have released my long position and waiting for a short position to

travel to the open of a long position, which is 120 pips away. At the moment I am making only 10 pips from the hedge released after waiting for 4 H4 candles.

This observation is for the DAx symbol.

Likewise, each symbol has to have a similar probable pattern (not guaranteed always). You have to draw a grid for your symbol dividing the daily range into 16 pip grids.

From 16 pips grids, you identify the reversion spots. It could be retracement or reversal.

You convert stop loss logic into hedging logic of using opposite direction to trade for exit on the hedging broker platform. No exit by way of stop loss.

It is like a semi-automated EA where you can't have the logic of using technical indicators to set up hedging. Hedging can only be done by a constant (not dynamic) of pips or % distance. You can always shift to manual trading to execute pyramiding or increasing positions depending on your reading of the price action or time action or understanding of the hot markets that can help you exit fast by ramping up positions. This kind of knowledge comes from experience or practice on demo.

Equity index trading is a fascinating game because of high volatility and momentum happening around known hours of Market Open, Market Close, Market converging with other markets, and gaining liquidity. Semi automated mode using EA like a wild horse rider during open of the market works well. But greed always takes over and it becomes difficult for the EA to rein in the wild horse. Only manual traders can handle hedging.

Forex volatility is 1/3 rd of index volatility and reversions happen too often. Only experienced traders can handle forex easily and that too in a semi-automated mode.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Is this version of Robin latest and indictors-free?

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Robin_new_2.7 is the latest.  Indicators-free? If you don't like indicators, don't check it.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
I happen to have used hedging this morning in my real trading account.

I was losing 300 pips on nasdaq last night for positions sold. I simply locked  the positions by buying in oppsite directions when my.margin % in terminal showed trades moving closure to liquidation after 30 pc more drawdown. So today after 18 hours expecting retracement liquidated bought positions. For an hour I saw margin capital touching 101 % and then it turned around and I ended up with gains from buy positions liquidated and gaining breakeven in my sold positions and margin at 114% showing profit .

So time given for the lock to work (18 hours in.my case) room given for relaese of lock to work (unhedging took 1 hour)  can be put in the  rules linkedd with margin deposit % if you want to use EA .

But key is coding the  timing of the lock release.

If some thought is given to it, EA can be deployed for releasing the locks in an orderly manner.

As a manual trader I took the call depending upon my reading of the market. But my experience says EA can be coded.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
I happen to have used hedging this morning in my real trading account.

I was losing 300 pips on nasdaq last night for positions sold. I simply locked  the positions by buying in oppsite directions when my.margin % in terminal showed trades moving closure to liquidation after 30 pc more drawdown. So today after 18 hours expecting retracement liquidated bought positions. For an hour I saw margin capital touching 101 % and then it turned around and I ended up with gains from buy positions liquidated and gaining breakeven in my sold positions and margin at 114% showing profit .

So time given for the lock to work (18 hours in.my case) room given for relaese of lock to work (unhedging took 1 hour)  can be put in the  rules linkedd with margin deposit % if you want to use EA .

But key is coding the  timing of the lock release.

If some thought is given to it, EA can be deployed for releasing the locks in an orderly manner.

As a manual trader I took the call depending upon my reading of the market. But my experience says EA can be coded.

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Entry , TP and Hedging lock and unlock, relock all  can be triggered by using  margin level % rather than any other trading logic..

Risk management logic will trigger entry when margin level is say 200% at open time of market. Open time is your rationale for trading.

You dont need any other reason to trigger entry.

You have to have bias for up or down direction.

You can trigger trade at 200% , take profit

when margin level increases to say 220% and hedging happens when margin level drops to 190%.

I think this EA will work well.for indexes because open trading hours attract most volumes and provide a reason to trade.Even without a direction bias random trading can produce good results.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
[quote=simnz;13671280]{quote} Entry , TP and Hedging lock and unlock, relock all can be triggered by using margin level % rather than any other trading logic.

. Risk management logic will trigger entry when margin level is say 200% at open time of market.

Open time is your rationale for trading. You dont need any other reason to trigger entry. You may have bias for up or down direction.

So tming is with open hours. Logic is heavy bidding takes place during first open hour

You can trigger trade at 200% of your margin, take profit when margin level increases to say 220% and hedging happens when margin level drops to 190%.

I think this EA will work well.for indexes because open trading hours attract most volumes and provide a reason to trade.

Even without a direction bias random trading can produce good results.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Just curious how you run this on backtesting when the buttons dont activate/ respond?

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
I really like the idea to decide on base of margin level %...Icarus gas a hedging logic, but this will need some upgrades for beeing more efficient. Liking it to margin level could be a first step, will make some thoughts on this...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
The buttons are only for manual interactions, the backtest will give you obv. the pure EA logic...cheers

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
I forgot to mention that timing is crucial for hedging positions to be unlocked . Essentially, you have to calculate what YOU think could be an exhaustion point for reversal of longs and an accumulation point for reversal of shorts.

For this I study volatility statistics linked to hours and week days to know the pattern which I can use for fixing  my probable exhaustion and accumulation points. 80 % of time it works for me.

I focus on identifying exhaustion points and trading hours linkage  by looking at statistics available on the net or by rquesting passionate Excel orogrammers to generate csv spreadshhets.

I am an Excel novice and would be happy to work with an Excel programmer to transfer my knowhow with no expectations. . Commonsense trading by EA or manually without doing any kind of news or topdown analysis.

Only oneoff effort at styuding Excel Reports .

No backtesting required. Trading methods are proven at producing 80 pc returns.

Which hours, which week days and what times are good for trading .

Which margin level for entry, TP and Hedging is good also will be based on Excel studies/statistics from 3 months of trading demos.

Designing Excel sheets is a one-time job. It is like developing a milching cow.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
I trade with patience and putting faith in hedging and reversion happening in a few hours and with a statistics based probable TP and reversion duration .

Choice of symbol is the key. Indexes ideal instruments for it.

Hedging gives me tremendous power forcing me to read the market carefully, exercise patience, control triggering fingers out of boredom.

For this strategy, you have to be clear it will work if you are aiming for small TP between 10% to 20% of daily price range and that too during Open Time, Close time or convergence with Data Release times (8.30 EST) , US Floor (cash) market open (9.30 EST) . This kind of strategy forces you to be a disciplined trader.

It is essential to conduct a probability study either by generated spreadsheet, or by generating statistics on the Chart (like the indicator achieved) .

You just have to have BIAS for selection of HOURS . Not really for direction.

Directional bias is also OK (it may give you some kick if you are proven right) but I avoid it because I am not an insider and like a designated market maker, I don't have access to order books.

Having tried to track their footprints on the chart (which you do admirably well) , I succeed sometimes and fail most of the times.

I don't aspire to be a forecaster and prefer to enjoy watching the game to gain insights from Price Action, Time Action, Volume Action.

That's all.

I have made  trading life simple and manageable. I don't trade to kill boredom. I trade to make passively "Less Loss but lots of gains" money consistently and this is all I teach through a social non-profit organization that helps retirees and pensioners earn passive money and help university finance students get entry-level jobs in trading sector by using live cents trading records as testimonials.

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Hi MaPi

After testing and back testing decided to pull the trigger on something real.

I tried icarus M 3.3 on an real (small AUD) IC Markets Australia account (GBPUSD pair) and was getting 'hyperactive' account warnings to the point where my access to MT4 was shutdown. I think the EA was trying to resend something. The ea  was doing it thing in a normal fashion aside from the 'hyperactivity'.

Is there any way to make the EA less noisy?

I am trying it on demo with restricted trading hours to see if that helps.

Also in strategy testing using a M1 timeframe shouldn't make any difference to the results should it?

Cheers

M

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Thanks, I think "CALCULATE TAKE PROFIT" in Icarus is better than Robin.

While trading with trend, "SL" is welcomed to avoid fake BO and "Trailing profit" while BO is real.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Hi, I still prefer contra trend griding so I do not have real experience with 3.3, most likely your settings have been to aggressive or you hit MC? Cheers

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Greets from Crete, the starting point of Icarus flight...Even after reducing initial volume after running my account from 1.4k to 10k + the EA is happy to be on his island and made good pips the last days. I have some new ideas, will post them after my retourn begin of next month, cheers!

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
[quote = mavking; 13675372] Hola MaPi Después de probar y volver a probar, decidí apretar el gatillo en algo real. Probé icarus M 3.3 en una cuenta real (pequeña AUD) de IC Markets Australia (par GBPUSD) y recibí advertencias de cuenta 'hiperactivas' hasta el punto en que se cerró mi acceso a MT4. Creo que el EA estaba intentando reenviar algo. El EA lo estaba haciendo de manera normal, aparte de la "hiperactividad". ¿Hay alguna forma de hacer que el EA sea menos ruidoso? Lo estoy probando en una demostración con horarios de negociación restringidos para ver si eso ayuda. Además, en las pruebas de estrategia, el uso de un marco de tiempo M1 no debería hacer ninguna diferencia en los resultados, ¿verdad? Saludos M [/ quote]

Hello, I had the same problem with Ic Markets, page 21, my mistake was to have Icarus in demo and in real, but notice in the messages of your mt4 that an indicator does not remember which one is sending many messages.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Thanks for your message Juamt4.

I will get rid of the demo and see if that makes a difference. On my backtesting Icarus M 3.3  the time restriction function makes a difference, a good one in that balance and equity do not deviate as much.

Regards

M

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
dear Mr,TeChaoLiang

Can I ask you to add the following indicator to Robin?

I need it to buy or sell when it signals

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Hi everyone,

I have been following this thread since the beginning and kept on thinking of a way to create the ultimate EA that could - with a smart payout - be profitable.

Most pairs fluctuate between ranging and trending, without it being easily predictable. What about we take a step back here? If those instruments are not suitable for grid trading, why don't we try creating one?

- What happens if instead of grid trading on one instrument, we trade the difference of two correlated instruments - supposedly, something that's ranging in time? The only issue I would see here is double spread cost though; also, buying EURUSD and selling AUDUSD comes back to buying EURAUD but then again the idea remains the same, maybe some of those pairs are naturally more ranging than others?

Illustration: currently, if we run Icarus on EURUSD, it would open both buy and sell cycles with it. What would happen if it both "buy EURUSD and sell AUDJPY" and "sell EURUSD and buy AUDJPY" and behave the exact same way, but considering that new instrument there?

- Another idea: let's say we start grid trading on one instrument, things start going wrong; how about we kind of "accept a reasonable SL" here and move on to another mostly uncorrelated instrument to start from there?

Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
There's the invisible moving average which establish sideways and trending market. Maybe it could be a solution.

https://www.prorealcode.com/topic/di...-trading-rush/

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Your indicator is a custom indicator. Frankly speaking, I don't like to add too many custom indicators into Robin for the reason of they are not MT4 built in indicators.  But I can give you a special version of Robin that triggers trades only according to your indicator. Because it is a custom indicator, you have make sure "TMA+CG mladen NRP.ex4" is in your MT4 indicators directory.
Attached File(s)   RobinTMA+CG.ex4

125 KB
|
360 downloads
Attached File(s)   RobinTMA+CG.mq4

219 KB
|
404 downloads

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Hi, since this is a grid trend and suddenly there is a topic of a TMA+CG indicator..

I would like to know if this is a realistic idea... create a grid EA that only works within the TMA+CG channel?

For example, when prices goes out of the channel, reverse and closes back into the channel.. The grid will start to do it job...

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Anyway just to add on, i have been using the TMA+CG on 56 (halflength), 6 (price) , 3.0(banddeviation) for sometime now and scalping on indices especially US30 on a M15 chart..Even though i know that the TMA +CG is repainted, i still love it as it gives me a good reference to overbought/oversold situation.

Hence thats why i am trying to see ways i can innovate with the TMA+CG further.. probably a grid strategy within the channel might work?

Currently my idea is to just create a "grid strategy"  that buy/sells only.

For example, prices hit outside the lower channel and reverses back and re-touches the channel, the first buy will be activated.

A buy "grid" strategy will then be activated in the channel with reference to the opposite channel.. within this channel, the "grid" strategy will do buys within a grid (distance between upper and lower channel).

So the idea situation will be that all the buys made on the grid within the channel hits th the upper channel for a TP

But if it doesn't and prices decide to whipsaw or reverse within the channel, the "Grid" strategy is able to at least average out the trades for a small profit considering the spreads/swaps if any

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Thank you very much for your kindness, my friend

But apparently it has a problem because it does not work properly.

Have you Tested its accuracy?

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
What about we put this indicator in the logic of Icarus? That would be a way to disable grid whenever a strong trend is starting, right?

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Hi Sobhan,

do you have any recommended TF and setting for this indictor? BTW, I found quite many versions of this indictor...

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Hello my friend

I reached the following results:

time frame: H1

BandsDeviations = 2.5

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
I really like the idea to decide on the basis of margin level %.

If you like it too, you may implement for Robin.

I trade with patience and putting faith in hedging and reversion happening in a few hours and with a plot planned on the basis of statistics probablity study of TP and reversion duration .

Choice of the symbol is the key. Indexes are ideal instruments for it. Because they react actively to open, close and confluence hours .

Hedging (when the trade goes wrong) enforces discipline in me. Hedging gives time to read the market carefully, helps enforce patience and helps control triggering fingers to trade impulsively and out of boredom.

For this strategy, you have to be clear it will work if you are aiming for small TP between 10% to 20% of daily price range and that too during Open Time, Close time or convergence with Data Release times (8.30 EST) , US Floor (cash) market open (9.30 EST) .

You can generate a spreadsheet to collect statistic or code an indicator like the two attached in which case spreadsheet generation is not required. But the spreadsheet generates help for planning TP, Stop Loss and study repeat of patterns.
Attached File(s)   DaVinci TrulyVolatility 1.9.1.ex4

186 KB
|
301 downloads

Attached File(s)   Candle_Range_in_pips_edit.mq4

4 KB
|
335 downloads

The beauty of indices trading is you don't have to have BIAS for direction. Selection of HOURS is really important.

Directional bias is also OK (it may give you some kick if you are proven right) but I avoid it because I am not an insider and unlike a designated market maker, I don't have access to order books.

I try to track the big boys footprints on the chart , I succeed sometimes and fail sometimes. But I don't give up.

I don't aspire to be a forecaster and prefer to enjoy watching the game to gain insights from Price Action, Time Action, Volume Action. That's all.

I have made trading life simple and manageable. I don't trade to kill boredom. I trade to make passive "Less Loss but lots of gains" money consistently and this is all I teach through a social non-profit organization that helps retirees and pensioners earn passive money and help university finance students get entry-level jobs in the trading sector by using live cents trading records as testimonials.

I do feel Margin Level% and using Time hours as the logic is a good candidate for EA coding. Avoid all kinds of money management rules. Focus only on

Time, Directional Bias (option yes or No). If Yes, choose long or short. If No, allow random trading by ticks .

Lots Management: standard

Margin Capital: Calculated by margin equity and margin level% Both displayed on the chart

Working time: Start and Stop for 8 times to remain as default for Open, Converge with other markets, News, Close.

Displayed on the chart:

Risk controls: (displayed in a data window on the chart) limited to

Equity Loss by Margin Level xxxxx%

Equity Profit by Margin Level: xxxxx%

Entry logic:
Focus on single trade for the present. Not multiple.

Grid trading (not martingale) can be taken up after this EA is tested and perfected.

GUI

Entry conditions

Trade by Direction: (yes) Long or Short .

If No,

Trade by Random ticks filtered on the basis of first xxx ticks.

(a) consecutively long or short: x (example 5 ticks)

(b) x (after accumulation of 5 ticks not necessarily in a row)

If (a) select buy or sell . You can chose long ticks and trade short or long

or (b) select buy or sell; You can chose short ticks and still trade long or short

Example: If first 5 ticks are buy, then trade only BUY direction or wait for accumulation of 5 ticks to trigger

(c) No Long or No short: Any ticks which means no filtering is applied. Purely random

Exit:

1. TP for single trade (a) distance in pips (b) price in percentage (c) margin level % xxx%

2. Hedging : ( instead of stop loss) , positions will be hedged by (a) distance in pips (b) price in percentage (c) margin level % xxx%

Risk Management

No trail required, no breakeven, Stop loss (optional)

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Hey

First of all, I have to say thanks to all people contributing here to optimize the capabilities especially TeChaoLiang who has obviously devoted his time to this thread.

I have been working on Icarus and have tried to optimize it using good information shared here and now I'm running it on 2 live accounts and 2 demo accounts in order to forward test on other pairs.

Now I am gonna try Robin but I have no idea why in backtesting the EA only takes trades with loss as it is visible in the graph attached. Dear TeChaoLiang, please take a look at the attachments and check if you can observe any clue on the reason.

This is with Robin 2.7, default settings (and other settings as well) EURUSD M5
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Of course, I have tested it, however, I don't know whether or not it is accurate.

I didn't prepare enough history tick data for EurUSA, so the modeling quality is not so good, but it works.

Also, you have to adjust the settings for properly working. It is not my indicator so I don't know how to set it properly.

You have to choose a proper time frame to run it, I think. Robin will take signals of the last complete candles to decide enter.

Attached is my arbitrary testing result.

Attached File(s)   RobinTMA+CG.zip

13 KB
|
290 downloads

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
You have to use Robin_new 2.7. Don't use 2.7, because 2.7 is a special version dedicated for WPR indicator. See post #886. Also, you have to tuning the settings for the symbols you are going to trade. As I mentioned before, the default settings is only a test for the EA is working but not guarantee it work with a great result. To a grid trading EA, the grid size is critical to the result of win or loss. That is, you have to find a good settings, especially, ATR settings because the grid size is depended on.

BTW, if you want me explain to you why it comes such a result, you need tell me what your settings are.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Thank you,Mr TeChaoLiang

I also tested it but it does not buy and sell in the right place. It should sell at the top of the band and buy at the bottom of the band, but see the examples below. Trades in the middle of the band

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
After the last candle is complete then buy/sell signal is calculated and shown. That is, when you observe the signal shown, your buy/sell order could take place at any price within the current candle.

The trigger condition you gave to me is just "when it signals." Attached is the code for your indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the red box, where 3, 1 means buy signal occurs at the last complete candle. 4, 1 means sell signal occurs at the last complete candle.

You can take the value of upper or lower line using 1, 0 (upper line of current candle) or 2, 1 (lower line of previous candle). Of cause you have to declare two new variable to take them. Modify your trigger condition on line 2743 and 2748, when done, recompile the code.

If the trigger condition is specified as: "when it signals and current Ask <= lower then buy" and "when it signals and Bid >= upper then sell," the EA should be as attached.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   RobinTMA+CG.ex4

126 KB
|
257 downloads
Attached File(s)   RobinTMA+CG.mq4

219 KB
|
382 downloads

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
thank you very much

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
A few points missed:

1. The EA should not trade live if there is a risk of a margin call based on margin% which means the margin% should be at least 110% or more.

2. Always use brokers who close at 100% of margin deposit. By choosing such a broker, you can use them for momentum trading. If margin is 110% when you open entry. you don't have to worry for Stop Loss because trade will cease at 100%. 10% of margin will act as your risk. If margin is 130% (100% stop loss, 110% entry point, 130% profit target). Your profit risk return ratio will be 1: 2

2. Never use brokers who close at 0% of margin deposit because you will lose entire money. 100% of margin should be 5% or more of the contract value. The risk of negative balance will also be there and a broker can demand more than your deposit loss.

3. Leverage will help you in executing more trades, but it will not help in increasing your dollar value. If your broker is offering you 5% of contract value, calculate the risk of 5% if it covers your perceived risk in pips Room for risk has to be given. Entry should start at 10% and upwards. Exit by loss will be automatic at 5% and exit by profit will be at least at 15%.

4. New entry option: Entry by TF also can also be another option for index trading. Open of any TF starting from M1 to W1 (for time action traders).

5. New Exit option : (hedging not required) Exit by any TF closing can be used but will not work on M1. If trade opened in M1, can be closed in any TF from M5 onwards.

6. Please don't make it complicated by introducing Breakeven, Trail profit or loss, etc. Trade only single position of any lot size.

7. EA is based on profit factor where profits exceeded losses. Winning rate is not important.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
I downloaded Robin_new 2.7 and checked it there is the same problem in backtesting. The thing is when for example the EA opens a long position, and it goes toward the TP line, at the exact moment of touching the TP line and closing the long order, it takes a new long and closes it simultaneously with the first position. Therefore, there are 2 closed trades which one of them (the second one) is in loss of spread amount.

Check the attachment please to clarify.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I can see the code lines to check where is the problem but I need time to do it. So first I have to know is it for everyone? Or is it just in backtesting not in forward test?

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
It is normal. If you set the profit chase (No. of orders with the trend), when the long position reaches the TP, it begin a profit chase that is what you saw a new long position is opened, it also perform a profit lock, when the total long profit less than the profit lock it close all long positions.

If you don't like to chase the profit, just set No. of orders with the trend to zero. If you like to close the position when TP is reached, set the profit lock to 1,

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Hi guys, I've been following this thread for a while now and have been testing Icarus myself. I have been trading FX for a few years now, though just got started on EAs. I use a signals EA for my manual trading, which I created on Fxdreema, but that's about it. I've been running Icarus 2.2 live for about a month on a 1k account with quite conservative settings (20 grid, 0.02 lots). It's up about 12%, which is fine. Problem is, it's obviously a small account (1k) and I'm not going to invest big in something that's been proven to crash sooner or later.

I've backtested various settings with 99.9% quality (data from Dukascopy) going back to various stages of the market...latest is 2016. My conservative settings can withstand even the killer moves from February till December 2020. Even if I start the backtest from 01.01.2020, it survives! I say even, because the beginning is the most critical stage, where your account is still building up. With every profitable trade closed, your chance of getting a margin call gets smaller. So according to my backtests, it survives even if we start out with the large moves of 2020. The problem there of course is, it doesn't make a lot of money...you'd have to have a 50K account to make a decent living where I'm from (Switzerland). Am I going to risk 50K on Icarus? Definitely not.

So we have to increase lot size. Now, if I run my 1K account with settings of min. 0.1 lots, I double my account in 1.4 months (average of 01.2021 till 07.2021). Now, how do we not get stopped out? I think we need to keep it as simple as possible. Icarus 2.2 does fine with no indicators or fancy buttoms. How about when the max positions are opened and the trend continues against us, we just open a hedge trade manually, larger than the total positions going against us? If the trend continues on, we'll eventually hit 0 and close everything out. On a 20 grid EurUsd max positions is quite a trend...and it's been proven many times that trends on average go much further than you think. If the trend stops after our manual hedge trade, we just book the loss of said hedge once the original grid closes. Any thoughts on that?

I also backtested 0.1 lots min on my 1K account starting in 2019. While starting in Jan 2020 would get you stopped out, starting in 2019 lets you be up 10K by the time 2020 comes and the account survives. So you'd have to be quite unlucky to start Icarus right into such moves of 2020!

Any thoughts on this?

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Did you prepare your history tick data using tick data suite? It seems to me only tick data suite will show you a 99.9% quality. But to my knowledge, it is impossible to have a 99.9% quality when back testing on MT4 because MT4 is not like MT5 that generate all time frame data from tick value.

Tick data suite will plug it code into MT4. Once the plugin exist, no matter how poor your history data are it always show you a 99.9% quality when you check use tick data on the back test.

I had examined via two MT4 terminals with different history data to run back test with same symbol and same period of time. The results are quite different. But tick data suite shows me a same quality of 99.9%. Then, which result is the accurate one?

As a conclusion, I don't believe the 99.9% quality what tick data suite shows.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
I do have it from Tick Data Suite. I know that backtesting is just the first step of a long trial and error...but it sure beats MT4s regular 90% quality. I'm now visually backtesting Icarus 2.2 with a hedge trades I take manually. The year 2020 is the real grid killer. If you look at 2021, a 1K account running min. 0.1 lots would still be in and at over 5K today! (see pic) Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Will fly home today from Crete and let you know some ideas wich crossed my mind during my vacation. Cheers

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Concerning my hedge, what I did now is the following. I tested with the EurUsd for the year 2020 because it's the worst. Minimum lots is 0.1, 6 max positions, 20 grid, progression 3. Whenever the 6th position opens (0.8 lots), I immediately open a hedge in the opposite direction double the value of the 6 positions combined...so 4 lots in this case. If the trend continues, I close out all trades after 100 pips at breakeven. I then wait and start the EA again when I feel the trend is over. If price goes gainst the hedge, I close out when the EA closes its positions and I take the loss on the hedge.

Of course this is very hard to backtest. I used my tick data for the backtest and everytime I see a 6th position opens, I then go to my actual charts and look what would have happened, had I opened a hedge. From this I move on through the year. This way of testing is very vague at best, but I'm not a programmer and could never implement this on my own.

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Use an EA to auto trade is different to doing a manual trade. You had better has a very understanding of the trading logic of the EA. How to understand the trading logic of an EA? There is no better way but to read the source code of the EA. Even if you don't know how to code an EA, at least, you should print out the source code and read it to understand its trading logic.

To my understanding of Icarus, your hedging trading logic is weird. Icarus is basically an against the trend grid trading strategy, it performs no hedging unless at the beginning it initiate a pair of hedging positions.

If you think applying a hedging mechanism will help Icarus, then why don't you apply hedging at the first moment? Why you have to wait it reaches the max positions and then begin to hedge? However, if you apply hedging at the first moment when a position reaches its virtual SL, the EA will be turned to be a with trend grid trading EA. And it is never be Icarus any more. It is Robin in this thread.

Icarus manages two cycles of positions. One for long and one for short. When you hedge a double amount of lots against to a loss cycle, then, your hedging position will be under managed of the opposite cycle. If you want your hedging position be separately managed you have to define another two cycles to manage them, one for hedging long, one for hedging short.

Icarus is not my EA, I don't like to change its trading logic too much. Ranging market is favor for Icarus, when you expected a long period of trend could occur, the better way is stop Icarus manually before it crashes.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Hi TeChaoLing, thanks for your input and all the work you've done with Icarus and Robin. First of all, let me say, I'm not in the least suggesting you to change the EA...this is Mapis idea and a lot of people like you have put time and effort into Icarus (and Robin). I'm only explaining how I use Icarus at the moment, and that I'm doing it manually because I can't code. In my view, there will always be the need for manual intervention, as many have stated before.

I believe I do know how Icarus works...the system is after all not that complicated. I know that at some point, a continuous trend without decent pullbacks will eventually crash the robot. I think we can both agree on that. So as you say, we could turn Icarus off, when we expect a large trend. But at what point would we turn it off? When a cycle is closed? Or when one cycle reaches 5 positions? Or 6? I think guessing if a large trend is coming up and turning off the EA is not that reliable...if we could accuratly do that, we wouldn't have this problem and we'd all be millionaires. And when do you turn it on again? What if you turn it on and a huge trend starts? What's the exit strategy? You could of course just put in a stop loss of course. What I just know from experience is, if a trend is strong and goes for 100 pips, odds are high that it will rise another 100. Then your out. In any case, you either get to close out the EA and start fresh without a loss, or you lose your hedge. The goal has to be to somehow get out to restart the EA at a better level. What is your solution for getting out when you see the trend is strong and you've hit the 6th position?

And why wait to the 6th position? First of all, this hedge prevents you from making money and stops the EA from losing (unless your hedge idea is wrong). So I'd like to hedge as little as possible and let the EA make money in between. You get a much larger ranging are for the EA to make money if you wait for the 6th position. The trend it takes to get there is much stronger than lets say at the 2nd or 3rd position (increasing the chance that it will continue after the hedge trade). When it can range, the EA does make a lot! So I want it to run as long as it can.

So broken down: Instead of going bust, the max you can lose is the hedge trade. I'd say more than 70% of the time, the hedge will help you close out the EA without loss.

Am I not making sense?

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
You are a passionate trader .

I would appreciate if you could backtest an EA designed by me for index trading only.

My extensive manual trading experience is invested into it. I am not a discretionary trader. I don't use oscillarors or moving averaging indicators.

Information indicators are used by me extensively.

I don't know Excel, mql or any programming languages. Not good even at backtesting.

Because of experience, can design trading logics.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13564063

I have been practicing hedging for almost 8 years now. It gives me peace of mind, allows me to take breaks any time and I find index mean reverts often. Though August has been a tough period when only two times I got pullbacks while all the time all indices were moving in touching All Time Highs and reversing with a very small compressed range.

It is as if merry go round chair swing are going on. The race among all the index is as to who will touch the ATH first and move away.

This has resulted in compressed daily ranges. My drawdown has been between 18% to 2%.

Continously, for a few days you have to keep the lock on because the daily range of high low is quite low , and you can't afford to do multiple times of locking, unlocking and relocking, raising your blood pressure or feeling psychological pain.

Maximum unlocking should be 4 times in a week. If at all 4 times in a week, pullbacks happen you make good money. If 2 times relock then small profit or breakeven. If it is 1 time relock less drawdown. Maximum drawdown happens when 4 times you are forced to re-lock.

Overall, if hedging is done with patience without getting bored, 70% of the time I have made money.

But whenever 4 times pullbacks have happened in a week, the gain has hit up to 300% in a week.
Consistent yearly profit can be up to 150% if you are good at timing of locking and unlocking them with profits.
This has been my experience.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Sirluk thanks for your idea on hedging. I've been trying to get hedging working for a while now.  I'll give your method a try.  My only concern is that more often than not I feel the trade will pull back and I'll lose on the hedge.  The skill would be when and how much you hedge against your trade depending on the volatility of the symbol to reduce the times your hedge turns into a loss.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Thanks dear for sharing this tool. Now testing it on demo account for pairs EURUSD, EURGBP, GBPUSD, EURJPY.

Setting are very simpler, 10 pips TP and Grid Size. Starting lot 0.01, Progression: 2 and Max Position: 6

Lets see how it plays out on these pairs.

I have some idea, to add-on to it, but that will be for later, till I see the results. May that idea will not even be needed.

Thanks once again for great share.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
You can give it a try. I'm not saying I found the holy grail, just a method to try out. Remember that I use a 20 grid, so much further apart than the original 5. So as an example, if your min. lot size is 0.1 on Eurusd and you use the Fibonacci grid size progression, you'll be down 1560 USD by the time the 6th position opens. Another 100 pips in the same direction and you'll be down 3560 USD. So in these 100 pips your hedge has to make that amount = 3.56 lots on EurUsd. If you want, you can also put a SL at breakeven, if price goes like lets say 50 pips in favour of the hedge.

As TeChaoLing has mentioned, you could also just turn off the EA when you expect a large trend, but in my view, this goes a bit into what you are saying about feeling the trade will pull back. If we can say what the market will do more than 50% of the times, you don't need a robot, do we?!  Plus you have to turn it off in the beginning, 5th or 6th position will be too late. And what if a large trend starts when you just opened again?

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Hi All,

Currently i'm testing Icarus M 3.3, i read from first page until this page.

Can someone explain what the different between below Bollinger Band setting ?

Inserted Code //+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//  BB trigger Icarus M 2.2.4
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
bool BB_Buy()
{
double BBL=iBands(Symbol(),BB_tf,BB_Period,BB_Dev,0,PRICE_CLOSE,MODE_LOWER,BB_Shift);
double BBU=iBands(Symbol(),BB_tf,BB_Period,BB_Dev,0,PRICE_CLOSE,MODE_UPPER,BB_Shift);
if (BB_Mod==ASK_BID && Ask < BBL) return(true);
if (BB_Mod==HIGH_LOW && Low[0] < BBL) return(true);
return(false);
}
bool BB_Sell()
{
double BBL=iBands(Symbol(),BB_tf,BB_Period,BB_Dev,0,PRICE_CLOSE,MODE_LOWER,BB_Shift);
double BBU=iBands(Symbol(),BB_tf,BB_Period,BB_Dev,0,PRICE_CLOSE,MODE_UPPER,BB_Shift);
if (BB_Mod==ASK_BID && Bid > BBU) return(true);
if (BB_Mod==HIGH_LOW && High[0] > BBU) return(true);
return(false);
}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//  BB trigger Icarus M3.3
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
bool BB_Buy()
{
double BBL=iBands(Symbol(),BB_tf,BB_Period,BB_Dev,0,PRICE_CLOSE,MODE_LOWER,BB_Shift);
double BBU=iBands(Symbol(),BB_tf,BB_Period,BB_Dev,0,PRICE_CLOSE,MODE_UPPER,BB_Shift);
if (BB_Mod==ASK_BID && Ask > BBU) return(true);
if (BB_Mod==HIGH_LOW && Low[0] > BBU) return(true);
return(false);
}
bool BB_Sell()
{
double BBL=iBands(Symbol(),BB_tf,BB_Period,BB_Dev,0,PRICE_CLOSE,MODE_LOWER,BB_Shift);
double BBU=iBands(Symbol(),BB_tf,BB_Period,BB_Dev,0,PRICE_CLOSE,MODE_UPPER,BB_Shift);
if (BB_Mod==ASK_BID && Bid < BBL) return(true);
if (BB_Mod==HIGH_LOW && High[0] < BBL) return(true);
return(false);
}

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Icarus M 2.2.4 trigger buy/sell against BB trend while  Icarus M 3.3 follow BB the trend.

I am not quite sure, please test to verify. As BB indictor(and most indictors) is repainting, following indictors could result drawdown.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Thank you for your feedback.

I am testing below setting for your reference

TF - 4H

halflength - 20

price - 6

Bandsdeviation - 2.382

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
We use BB on icarus just for opening only so actually doesn't matter because if the opening wrong, icarus will open new trade and we need to wait until the trend reversal to reach the take profit.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
BB trigger for Icarus M 2.2.4 is buy at low and sell at high. While BB trigger for Icarus M 3.3 is buy at high and sell at low. Note that Icarus is an against the trend grid trading EA. It makes profit mainly via the against the trend trading. That is, when a position reached its virtual SL, it added another order against the trend and accumulated losses progressively. When the trend is reversed, it turns the accumulated losses to profits. The more the losses it accumulated, the more profits it takes from the price reversal. BB Trigger for Icarus M 3.3 is let Icarus to accumulate the losses as soon as possible.

It is a intuitive thought that using BB as a trigger indicator to buy at low and sell at high in a ranging market. But it is only for one trade one position trading. To an against the trend grid trading, one trade with many positions, if we follow the intuitive thought, we are not taking the advantage of the grid trading strategy of Icarus. That's why I developed another BB trigger condition that buy at high and sell at low for Icarus. It is Icarus M 3.3.

Indicators are neutral depending how you use. For instance, if you use BB together with CCI (+100, -100) to trigger buy at high and sell at low, you will have a good trigger condition for a trending market. If you use BB with RSI and WPR to trigger buy at low and sell at high, you will also have a not bad trigger condition for a ranging market. I had implemented two single position trading EAs for trending and ranging market. I didn't share them here because they are not grid trading EAs. But I can show you a back testing result of the EA for trending market. Begin with 1000 account balance, XAU 0.3 lots, from 2021.01.01 - 2021.07.30, the result account balance is 14709.10 as the attached graph shown:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Does anyone wanna share some solid settings for EU or UJ?

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
It sounds good, Would be great if you can share that EA with implementation for try please, if not possible you can share in pm,

warm regards,

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Sorry, I can't share my EA. The main reason is once I share my EA, the EA will become a free EA to every one.  I can not sell the EA in the future.

But I can share how the EA be developed to you.  As I mentioned above, the enter condition is BB+COG, I use ATR to automatically calculate the TP as well as SL.  According to SL:TP ratio, I use ATR to calculate SL and sending order with SL set, but no TP set.  When the price hits the SL, it exit with loss, when the price hit the instant TP calculate from ATR, it closes in profit.  It is quite simple, and you can develop one for you.

The difficult part to use such a simple EA is the settings tuning.  You have to tune the BB parameters (time frame, period, std), you have to tune ATR parameters (time frame, period and ATR multiplier), also you have to tune the SL:TP ratio.

Normally, if the trading strategy is determined a simple EA can be coded in couple hours.  But to tune an EA for a specific symbol to make it works fine will take me couple of days. If you want to use an EA on your live account, you had better to know how to tune the EA.  Any EA could be profitable if it is well-tuning.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Nice work done.

In the attached screen shot the spread is 0 and perhaps it is a bit unrealistic. Have you tried with an average spread amount as well?

Second, your trigger is BB+CCI or BB+COG? I appreciate if it is OK for you to explain in a nutshell.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Spread 0 only a bit unrealistic to the real case but no harm to determine whether or not the EA is OK.

My screen shot is not a screen shot of Icarus. The trigger condition is BB+CCI, that is price reaches BB up band and CCI > 100 then buy and price reaches BB low band and CCI < -100 then sell. This trigger condition is trying to catch the moment that price go side walk along with BB up or low band. If the condition is met, it is very possible a trend is occurred. However, this trigger condition is only for my simple EA, and totally a with trend trading. So, this condition may not suit for an against grid trading EA, Icarus.

If you want to find a better indicators for Icarus M 3.3, I suggest using BB to buy at high and sell at low with the filter of RSI within 32 to 68. That will indicate a ranging market. By the way, the RSI indicator in Icarus can not be set to as a trigger filter of within 32 to 68, you have to modify the codes for it works. The simplest way is to add your filter condition at lines 1328 and 1496 of the source code of Icarus M 3.3. The condition to be added is iRSI(Symbol(),RSI_tf,RSI_Period,PRICE_CLOSE,RSI_Shift) > 32 && iRSI(Symbol(),RSI_tf,RSI_Period,PRICE_CLOSE,RSI_Shift)<68

For example, change

if(!stopNextCycle && !restAndRealize && Indicators_Buy()) to

if(!stopNextCycle && !restAndRealize && Indicators_Buy() && iRSI(Symbol(),RSI_tf,RSI_Period,PRICE_CLOSE,RSI_Shift) > 32 && iRSI(Symbol(),RSI_tf,RSI_Period,PRICE_CLOSE,RSI_Shift)<68)

When done, recompile it.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
hi TeChaoLiang

can you help me

I am not a coder, I just imitated you.

I want to use "smLazyTMA HuskyBands_v2.2" in Robin

In order to be able to use it, I tried to use "iCustom"

And I do not know if I entered the necessary conditions correctly or not. Because with this code, Robin is not working properly

I want a buy signal to be issued when TMA is blue (TMA up) and the price goes below the first band (LowerBand1) , and a sell signal to be issued when TMA is orange (TMA DOWN) and the price goes above the first band (UpperBand1)

Could you please correct the buffer numbers and conditions for me in Expert?

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Your buffer numbers are correct. Only a minor problem that you should use Ask in the buy condition and Bid in the sell condition. But that is only to your enter price of a spread difference. You will buy at the price a little higher than the LowerBand1 and sell at the price a little lower than the UpperBand1.

If it still doesn't work, try to set the shift of buffer 2 and buffer 6 to 1 but not 0. I am afraid that the buffer values are calculated till the current candle is completed, that will cause you could never get a value on current time frame and not trade will be triggered.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
TeChaoLiang and all,

As you know I prefer contra trend trading. You pointed out correctly this is best in ranging markets. Therefore I would ask you for the following:

Based on Icarus 2.5 please add to each of the 3 indicators Bollinger, Stochastic and RSI an "invert" function. When this is activated, first order of the cycle will be opened when price is within the input, e.g. stochastic 30/70 cycle will open when within but not when outside.

I will need some testing with this, but it is the first step of a bigger plan I have for the EA. In my head I have a plan how to go on after this, maybe this could be in the end a merge of Icarus and Robin - if you want this.

So could you give me a version so I can test my idea?

Thx a lot and Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
For not confusing every one, I give version number 4.0 for the new Icarus. Icarus 4.0 covers all possible triggering functions of Icarus 2.X and Icarus 3.X.
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.0.ex4

162 KB
|
580 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.0.mq4

245 KB
|
766 downloads

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Following the discussion, Mr. MaPi:

It would be great if Icarus could be given a way to identify the market cycle.

Whether Icarus detects that the market is trading ring or trending and automatically adjusts to the necessary transactions.

One of the diagnostic methods can be the use of CSM (currency strength meter)

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Hi,

personaly I like CSM a lot...But currently it is not about adding more indicators, but finding more stability in the logic of the EA...As is said, I have a plan in my head, need to test abit for it and will let you know then...The primary idea is that the Logic of the EA could be allready used as trend / sideway indication...The tricky part will be how to handle open position when the phase is changed...Will keep you all posted, Cheers

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Thx a lot, what would this thread would be without you, will check the version and report back, Cheers

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Thank you for your answer

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Look, this is a test with the latest version of Icarus in normal mode, which took place between 2010 and 2016

An increase from 10,000 to 43,000 and then an explosion of accounts

I have found through various tests that Icarus, Robin, and any other expert will have these types of errors that can be managed, but the main error that causes the account to explode occurs when the market is preparing for a phase change.

Eventually, the phase changes and Icarus sees the previous situation as dominant and insists on retaining the previous positions.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Hi Mapi ,TeChaoLiang and All,
Great work, I really appreciate.

I tried your Ea Icarus 2.2 on gold, I was satisfied during London sesseion but later on NY i was disopionted. Am i using the right version of your EA for gold trading?
There are several versions. Kindly advise me which one is the best. How much minimum deposit required to run your EA on live account to make 20$ to 50$ on daily
basis?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Icarus 2.2 is not my EA. So are all the versions of Icarus. I only added indicators for triggering Icarus. The trading logic of all version are the same.

But I can tell you that Icarus is basically designed for Forex, not for XAUUSD. For all currency pairs, 1 PIP = 10 points if the point value the broker gives to you is 5 or 3 digits and 1 PIP = 1 point if the point value is 4 or 2 digits. However, for XAU, 1 PIP = 1000 points if the point value is 3 digits and 1 PIP = 100 points if the point value is 2 digits. That is, a 2 digits point value will be regarded as the currency pair like USDJPY, so in Icarus 1 PIP is actually 0.01 PIPs of XAUUSD. It is not to say you can't run Icarus on XAUUSD, but you have to know if you set a 20 PIPs of grid size you actually set a 0.2 PIPs grid size for XAUUSD.

Trying to enlarge the grid size by 10 times or even by 100 times, you will find Icarus is more profitable. Owing to the fact that Icarus is not one trade one position EA, no one can tell you the minimal deposit needed. It depends on the margin required, the max positions and the progressive amount of orders you set.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Hi All,

Just want to share some information i found when browsing around regarding ATR

Calculate your Stop Loss and Take Profit Targets

The ATR stop loss for a long position is calculated by using the currency exchange rate and multiplying it by 1 minus the Average 1 month ATR over the year (the 4% mentioned earlier). We minus it from 1 because we want to work out a number that’s less than the current exchange rate.

Long Stop Loss = Exchange Rate * (1 - Average Monthly ATR)

Then the target is easy... it's just the current exchange rate multiplied by 1 plus 3 times the average monthly ATR over the year. This in the end works out as a 1:3 risk-reward stop loss and target based on volatility!
Long Take Profit Target = Exchange Rate * (1 + Average Monthly ATR)

The short side of the calculator is worked out the same but inverted the operator for stop loss and take profit (soft target).
Short Stop Loss = Exchange Rate * (1 + Average Monthly ATR)
Short Take Profit Target = Exchange Rate * (1 - Average Monthly ATR)

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Hi TeChaoLiang,

Thank you for your reply and help.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Hi Mr. Liang. I tested out this 4.0 version and set the "Using ATR for Grid Size = true" with Multiplier = 5.0. I test this on USDCAD, beginning at 2020.01.02 on M5 chart. However, it looks to me that the grid size is not dynamically adjusted according to the ATR. Instead, the grid size seems to be fixed at the initial value when the backtest started. The following image is the snapshot of the ATR setting, the rest of the setting is as default.

Is there any settingI have missed? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
correct grid setting only calculate on first run

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Thank you for the new version of Icarus

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
i HAVE BACKTEST IN 3 PAIR  EURUSD, GBPUSD, EURGBP. Best result found in EURGBP with spread of 20. I HAVE SET FILE WHICH GIVE 32% roi , 35% maximal MEANS WHERE Earning per month should be equivalent to total Maximal drawdown. open discussion

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Share your setfile or the MT4 Report including version and settings please, sounds interesting, cheers

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Attached Image

So far, ATR grid size determine grid only at the beginning of the EA. If you want the grid size changed dynamically when each iteration of Icarus, you can move the code "grid_size = ATR_Grid_Size();" from line 243 to line 247. Then, recompile it. Or you can just copy it to line 243, it also works.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
below is the code on icarus show grid only calculate first time start the program

Inserted Code // do this only one time after starting the program
if(isFirstStartLoop)
{
if(AccountCurrency()=="EUR")
ter_currencySymbol="€";
if(MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS)==4 || MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS)==2)
{
slippage=user_slippage;
ter_chartMultiplier=1;
}
else if(MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS)==5 || MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS)==3)
{
ter_chartMultiplier=10;
slippage=ter_chartMultiplier*user_slippage;
}
// do we have any data from previous session?
ReadIniData();
debugCommentStat+="\nNew program start at "+TimeToStr(TimeCurrent());

grid_size = ATR_Grid_Size();
isFirstStartLoop=false;
}

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Yes i also do this method to make grid flexible.

Where the best location to put filter only create new order on new candle ? Can i have your suggestion on which line on Icarus M 4.0

I need this filter to prevent creation several order during very big move (last time happened on XAUUSD 11,000 points on one M1 candle) this will cause margin call on this Icarus

this 11,000 points movement happened on 9 August 2021 in the morning during asia time (XAUUSD)

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
You can put your filter condition into line 1346, 1406, 1527, 1571.  The condition for only create new order on new candle can be expressed as MathMod(TimeCurrent()/TimeFrame)==0

This is the right moment of the old candle closed and new candle opened at the TimeFrame you choose.  Of course, you can give a little time tolerant for it, say, MathMod(TimeCurrent()/TimeFrame)<=5, means within 5 secs after a new candle begin.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
wow thank you very much will modify the source

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Please share your observations after editing the code whether the active grid calculation makes better results or what

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
my modification only create order only on new candle, not related with the grid

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Oh my bad. I confused with somebody else's question.

You can also kindly share the result of the new filter and its impact on big move candles

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
I am not a programmer but do testing a lot,  This is yours Icarus 2.2 which tested in M5, 1000$, from 19.04.2021 to 06.09.2021 appx 4.5 months, as per data available , while testing on 1000$- with spread of 20... profit is 1485 &  maximal drawdown is just 335, means % profit per month is 32% per month & drawdown total is 33% means it safe and secure. I have started using same setting in LIVE acct of 1000 cent . If its through then will be in 1000$, then 10000$ acct.

My testing in Icarus 2.5 is on but the best result i have got is as mentioned above. Experiment its good for better result.

I always look for the profit per month equal to Maximal drawdown of testing period.

Attechhed screenshot for review.  As per me all have try and posted but my testing is best for EURGBP.. will be discussing more when will get good result

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
ICARUS 2.2 TESTED IN EURGBP IN M5 FOLLOWING ARE THE RESULT OF SAME.

SymbolEURGBP (Euro vs Great Britain Pound )

Period5 Minutes (M5) 2021.04.16 00:00 - 2021.09.03 23:45 (2021.01.01 - 2021.09.06)

ModelEvery tick (the most precise method based on all available least timeframes)

Modelling quality81.58%

Mismatched charts errors8

Initial deposit1000.00Spread18

Total net profit1485.31       Gross profit2223.32      Gross loss-738.01

Profit factor3.01       Expected payoff5.82

Absolute drawdown216.48        Maximal drawdown334.85 (12.46%)      Relative drawdown26.21% (278.26)

Total trades255Short positions (won %)126 (66.67%)     Long positions (won %)129 (55.04%)

Profit trades (% of total)155 (60.78%)Loss trades (% of total)100 (39.22%)

Largestprofit trade88.11loss trade-113.10

Averageprofit trade14.34loss trade-7.38

Maximumconsecutive wins (profit in money)7 (132.58)consecutive losses (loss in money)6 (-290.65)

Maximalconsecutive profit (count of wins)132.58 (7)consecutive loss (count of losses)-290.65 (6)

Averageconsecutive wins3consecutive losses

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
AS MENTIONED IN LAST POST OPTIMIZING WITH ADDITIONAL FEATURES OG ICARUS 4.0

1. BEST RESULT OF 2.2 FOUND

NOW

2.2.2 OPTIMIZED  SAME FACTOR USING IN ICARUS 4.0 WITH ADDITIONAL OF RSI... TRYING TO OPTIMIZE & TRYING TO GET BEST PROFIT (MoM)  & LESS DRAW-DOWN . WILL BE  POSTING RESULT AFTER APPX 6 HOURS (UNDER TESTING MODE). KEEP WATCHING POST

IMPORTANT.

I  ALWAYS LOOK FOR PROFIT (MONTH ON MONTH) = MAXIMAL DRAW DOWN SHOULD  NOT MORE THAN 2 TIME PROFIT EARNED MONTHLY. (i.e per month profit is 20% Maximal draw down should not be more than 40% while back testing ) MEANS IT IS SAFE & SECURED

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
enclosed here with back-test report file.

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
@TeChaoLiang @MaPi

I encounter funny behavior of icarus

i create manual grid 20 and grid progression 0 on setting,

but sometimes icarus create several new orders with grid in between less than 20 grid

because of this my margin% level depleted very fast and almost cause margin call

Did you know why this bug happen ?

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
I have no experience of running Icarus on any account, demo, live or even back test.

Your order sizes are strange, what is your init lots and lots progression? You have better show your settings for others can figure out whether or not your result is abnormal.

But to my understanding of Icarus, the grid size is also virtual. Unlike traditional grid EA use a realistic grid, Icarus use grid size to calculate virtual SL, and the virtual SL of a given position is calculated from the open price of the position to a grid size of loss. That is, the grid is applied to your position's enter price not a fixed value.

Also, Grid size 20 to XAUUSD is a very small grid. If you are running XAU, the grid size is better set to 200 or 2000.

XauUsd normally with the spread around 50 point, the grid size 20 you set is not exceed the spread. Take the first position buy 0.11 at 1798.65, suppose spread is 50, then the Bid value should be 1798.15, and your virtual SL is 1798.65-0.20=1798.45. That is when you enter the position it immediately hit the virtual SL, and Icarus will open a new buy position for you. That's why serveral new orders is created.

It is not a bug of Icarus, because Icarus is designed for forex trading not for Xau.

Please read my post #1174
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...0#post13690350

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Thank you for giving me detail explanation

Previously i think i can use grid smaller than the spread, look like i need to do heavy modifier to make Icarus suitable with my martingale logic for XAUUSD

So that's why the line for next buy/sell always moving around not fixed.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Unfortunately

My account has expired in EURUSD. My 3200usd account cannot support 0.05 batch use. 2.23ea experienced five months of explosion

If you want to hang up with Icarus, you must invest at least 10000 USD. Don't hold any illusions, because you can't resist the unilateral trend that lasts for a month

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
So sorry for this, but it's better to share more information on our settings.

I suppose 0.05 lot as initial volume is a bit high for 3200$ account. Instead of increasing the balance, you can try reducing the initial lot size.

Sharing the set files and account history is appreciated in order to analyze the reasons more precisely.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Is it possible to close an order during backtest?

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
renkotop

I dont think that there is any discretion during a backtest. The strategy; as an algorithm; as coded into the EA is followed precisely and the results are displayed.

Thats the whole point in my opinion.

Cheers

Would it be of any value to the reader to post Strategy reports and set files for my backtests of Icarus 3.3 M with time mods and the ATR loop (thanks TeChauLiang)

I use Dukascopy as my broker.

As a related question does the historical data for backtest vary by broker or is it all the same from Mql5.com?e

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Here's a strategy report on GBPUSD with the Icarus 3.3 M with the ATR RSI mods. Dukascopy and 1Minute TF

Inside the zip is a set file, a chart gif and the strategy report.

The initial deposit is 1500 and the time is from 01.04.2021 to 10.09.2021

The net profit is good at ~1000 and the absolute drawdown is acceptable at 138

spread is 10

I chose a April start because I had found that it caused some crashes if the settings were not right. A Jan start was always easier but I want to test in hostile conditions.

I hope someone finds it useful...

Cheers

M

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Historical data from Mql5.com are not complete for accurate back testing because the minimal time frame of the historical data is 1 minute. It doesn't have any tick data within the 1 minute. MT4 generates tick value from the least time frame historical data but not the real tick value. That's why many people will download Dukascopy historical tick data to increase the accuracy of back testing. Because historical tick data recorded the actual Ask and Bid value of symbols on real market, the Ask and Bid value are irrelevant to any brokers, you can set the spread at back testing to more fit your broker's tick data. And, that's why it is impossible to have a 99.9% or 100% modeling quality for back testing. The spread of your broker is normally dynamic, even than you set a fix spread for back testing, it can not accurately represent the actual Ask and Bid tick value of your broker.

The tick data downloaded from Dukascopy can not be used directly in MT4, you have to convert them to a fxt format in the tester/history directory of MT4 terminal. Note that, the fxt file is huge and will take your disk storage. So I cannot prepare too many symbols for a too long term of time interval tick data for back testing, what I can do is preparing tick data for one symbol I want to do back testing.

I saw many people like to use Tick Data Suite to manage tick data for back testing. Tick Data Suite gives you a two weeks free trial version, and after then you are going to pay for use. Another service I have tried is Quant Data Manager, it offers a free version for life but with advertisement. I think the later is a better one.

Tick Data Suit pugs some code into your MT4 terminal that provide a check box to decide whether or not using tick data, when you check it, the back test result will show you a 99.9% modeling quality. The 99.9% quality addicts many people and let them think they have a good modeling quality, but as mentioned above I don't believe the 99.9% quality is possible. I have tested no matter how bad your tick data are, when check use tick data, it always shows you a 99.9% modeling quality. That is, two different people all with a 99.9% quality, will have a different back testing results. I think Tick Data Suite use its pug-in to show a 99.9% to mislead you to pay your money for continuously using their product. It makes no sense to pay for Dukascopy, because Dukascopy historical tick data is a public and free source.

Using Quant Data Manager to prepare historical tick data for back testing, two different people will have the same back testing result no matter what the brokers are. I think it makes more sense and it doesn't pug any code into your MT4 terminal but just convert tick data to fxt format for MT4 back testing. It is without any cheating actions to your MT4.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
TeChaoLiang

Firstly thank you for for your time.

Such a lengthy and considered response is a gift.

I've tried Robin but not had the initial encouraging success I had when using Icarus.

As I understand it Robin is a with the trend EA is there a way to skew the grid so that it biases a certain direction more than the other. For example if the market according to a long term indicator is going up. Bias the grid to set more buy signals.

Since reading this thread and implementing the small and easy changes suggested by you (to alter when the ATR is used in Icarus by using the MT4 editor). I've decided to learn how to code in MT4. Can you recommend any resources for that?

Cheers and as Australians say 'hope you had a good weekend'

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Tickstory can also be used for Tickdata - there is a free version that allows downloading of 1 years worth of data per symbol - works well for me

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
To learn a language, nature language or programming language, the best way I think is beginning from emulation. You can find an EA, not too simple and not too sophistic to begin your emulation and cross check the MQL4 document for understanding its meaning. MQL4 document can be found at https://docs.mql4.com/.

It will not take you too much time to learn how to code in MT4. I begin to code MT4 since 7 months ago.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
No, Robin does not bias to long or short. It only trying to feel the current bias. When a buy position is reached its virtual SL, it then feels a short trend and put a sell position to hedge it, and visa versa.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Hi, I'm new to this, but i've been testing the Icarus 4.0 Inputs and quite often i seem to run into a problem, that in some cases certain positions never close just keep progressing in a bad way, I am no programmer just know some basics, is it possible to add stop loss?

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Before you ask question you have better go through this thread for more understanding the behavior of Icarus.  Icarus doesn't have stop loss and can not set a stop loss for each position.  However, if you want to control your loss, you can set Account_risk value to restrict your loss.  When the value is set to 0.2, for example, which means when your equity is less than account balance by 20% Icarus will close all positions and stop.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Hello TeChaoLiang,

I think I understand grid trading better now. So I can't stop one position, because it belongs to a cycle, if I want to stop the position it has to close the whole cycle, correct?

Would it be possible to close certain negative positions, lets say when atleast one position of the cycle reaches -50€ it will close automaticly, but the positions that are left are able to run another +20% or -10% and not add anymore positions, now we may make less profit, but we have a safety net to not blow our account.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
It is not impossible to do like you said, however, if added such a code to Icarus would destroy the trading logic of Icarus. Then, Icarus won't be Icarus any more.

You can use buttons, Cl. last B or Cl. last S, to close the last order in the buy or sell cycle. Also, you can close the orders not the last order of the cycle manually from your MT4 terminal.

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Such an informative post, so grateful.

I've been using tick data suit for its trial period and things were going smoothly.

I tried to test the quant data manager but I couldn't use it perfectly.

The problem is that after downloading and exporting the FXT file, backtesting with built-in experts in mt4 is OK and trades are opened and modeling quality is all green (however it is n/a but the guide says that is OK)

But when I wanna backtest on either Icarus or Robin there are no orders opened and also no errors in the journal tab. Have you had such an issue with this system? Because I couldn't find a solution to this issue.

BTW I also tried to have a demo account on Dukas copy but nothing changed.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Before you output data to MT4, did you close the MT4 terminal?  Backtest on either Icarus or Robin there are no orders opened I think it is because of your trigger condition were not mit.

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
I am very much happy to test icarus 2.2 in live acct with 4 currency pair... With my own set file have earned from 03.09.2021 till date 2000 acct profit is 210....... Total draw down is just 208.. I am happy to test & result. ( usdjpy, eurgbp, eurusd, gbpusd )

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Actually, the problem was because of lot step: 0.1 in quant default exporting settings. I found how to make the export properties and for those who have issues with exporting and using quant data manager:

First, download the script called "ExportProperties" from their website;

After applying the script onto any chart in your mt4 a file will be created in MQL4/Files named "mt4.properties"

When you want to export any pair which has already been downloaded, just use load properties and choose the mentioned file and all is good afterward.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Dear MaPi may I ask you to share the most bottom indicator in your template attached to this post?

Or any indicator suggestion is appreciated s well in order to monitor the results of the whole account at a glance.

I have been forward testing the legendary Icarus for a couple of months both on demo and live, with different settings on multiple platforms and I'm in need of such indicators to observe more accurately.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Hi Farzad,

Pls find attached 2 Indicators:

Equity-Monitor: Will visulize balance, equity and other account datas into the chart

IHistory: Will summarize closed trades (you can also include open, but I do this with IExposure wich is insalled in MT4 by default)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Hi Mapi and all.

I am new to this thread and need your help to know that which version of Robin and Icarus EA can i try on demo account.

your response shall be admire.

Thank you in advane

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
I recommend using Icarus v4.0 from here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post13689631

and Robin new v2.7 from here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13640952

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
have u tested them especially  Robin V2.7?

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
I try to run the both EAs in 4.0.ex4 and 2.7.ex4 but any of both did not place any trade. What is wrong with me pls help

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
About Icarus, YES I've been testing it since the very early stages of this thread.

But in terms of Robin, I've got some confusions that need some time to take care of and I haven't gotten round to going deep inside it yet.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
For Icarus v4.0 you can check the "Journal" tab in your Terminal.

If you couldn't fix or resolve the problem, share a screenshot from that tab for getting help from people here.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Hi,

I was able to do some test tradeing with 4.0. I think we had a major misunderstanding, maybe I was not clear enought

The invert function you coded is changing if we want to buy or sell when the condidion is true. But I am looking for invertasion of the trigger, so e.g. if it's true on the BollingerBands I want to open cycle within the bands, when price is going out of the bands no new cycle will be open.

Anyhow, it is great we have now trend and contratrend within the same version

Could you be so kind and give me an invert of the trigger for the three indicators (this I would call "invert", you could name the function of buy/sell "direction") and also add a logic that EA is recalculating ATR (if it is triggered) at the start of each cycle?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
This shows in journal tab:

2021.09.23 15:42:40.621 Expert Icarus_4.0 XAUUSD,H4: loaded successfully

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Hi, I can assist you with Icarus, pls post your settings, thx and cheers

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
thanks so nice to you to be generous with your time and knowledge,do you guys using this EA on live yet? which versioan dnsetting is the best ,tahnks

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Hi, thanks for your time here. Please I do not have previous knowledge in the field of coding and if I want to start coding on mt4 what is the best way to go about it?

Thanks once again.

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Hi, yes I am trading with Icarus on my live account. I am still using a beta of my old coder, but with Icarus 4.0 you have all functions I am having and more...There are no "right" settings, there is only your risk appetite and a lot of back- and fronttests...

Personaly I am accepting higher risk so do I look for higher gains...I am running it on m5, 3BB + stoch 30/70 + RSI 49/51 (you can ignore this) on a 5/1/8/0.89/0.05/3 setting on EURUSD...Staring account size was 5k begin of year, atm the accout just crossed 11k (in June I was down to 1.4K due to a liqidation)...Leverage is 1:400...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
As you can see I traded more than 540 lots this year  But again, this is not the best seting, this suits my own risk appetite...Also I was doing quite a bit action via the hot buttons of the EA...If you want to go crazy like this you need a prime broker and prime conditions (my avg. spread is 0,15 pips + 3€ Com/Lot, zero margin on hedged positions) and of course a high leverage...When using more soft settings you can also run it on 1:33 leverage...

You can add me here so I will do add you, my buddies on Forexfactory can follow my account here...

Cheers Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
could u explain what is 5/1/8/0.89/0.05/3 setting and post related set file? Thx a lot

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Hello, MaPi explains it on pag 1 .

Then in icarus 4, you activate or deactivate the BB, STOCK, RSI and ATR.

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1617021893

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
I tried to these both with default settings on demo account but both did not opened any trades.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Have you tried the on XAUUSD or EURUSD? Try them on EURUSD, start a backtest...It might be you use settings wich are not working in the market you have choosen or you do not understand the settings, so the EA is waiting for the setup to open a cycle. Via EURUSD and a backtest you gonna find out...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
I tried both on XAUUSD only.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Those would be the settings reflecting my beta one...Pls do your own BT and FT before even considering trading live with ANY EA! Cheers... Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Can you add in next version time filter and post next version - news filter?

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Hello

Sharing some info about live performance.

On my account I'm using Icarus 3.3M with ATR mod. Broker is Dukascopy; Its on the GBPUSD, the few USDJPY trades are not connected to Icarus. Have a look at the report as a picture is worth a 1000 words.

I think its fairly conservative. The return is $4.50 per day or roughly 1% per week. The Max P/L has been a about a $100 more at 330 or so.

I may speculate with an additional pair beyond the Cable but I'm still learning the EA

Cheers

M

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Well done mavking but 15 days is too short to appreciate performance.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Hello minella

You are right it's too soon to make any real views on the performance.

I appreciate lived experience over simulation.

However its real money even though its a small amount and everything needs to start somewhere.

Cheers

M

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Hello MaPi

Are you really using a grid size of 5 and a take profit of 8?

In my back-testing the only meaning variable out of those two inputs seemed to be the TP and it performed best at 25 for me and my data...

Cheers

M

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
To be honest it's not hugely impressive at this point given the relatively large floating drawdown. Give it a few more months of forward testing to see how it handles that and we'll have a clearer picture

blam

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
1. ATR will be always recalculated at start of each cycle. (no need to add any logic)

2. ATR is used to determine the grid size dynamically. However, in Icarus, the grid size affects only the virtual SL rather virtual TP. TP is determined by your setting of TP. That is, Icarus doesn't use the grid size to calculate the take profit value. (Why? I don't know, but it is the Icarus original logic.)

3. Talking about the invert trigger of indicators. BB invert means when the price greater the BB up band we buy and when the price lower the BB low band we sell. It seems just revert the buy/sell direction. We don't have CCI indicator for triggering, if we have, together CCI > +100 with BB invert buy, the price is most likely goes a upward side walk along with the BB up band. I had coded a special version of Robin that has CCI indicator because I need. But to the indicators STO and RSI, to revert the buy/sell direction is meaningless. That's why, the invert setting is not revert buy to sell or revert sell to buy, but only means invert buy to not buy and sell to not sell. If the invert is checked, only the value within the upper and lower levers will trigger the trade. STO or RSI, it makes no sense sell at high value and buy at low value.

The reason why I didn't put CCI indicator into Icarus 4.0 is because Icarus favors ranging market and hates trending market, CCI>100 or CCI<-100 indicates a potential trending market is going to happen. That's why invert on STO or RSI has its meaning. When STO or RSI value is within the upper and the lower level, means the market is most likely in ranging and you should trigger a trade and using BB (invert) as an indicator to trigger.

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
i have done back testing from 01.06.2021 till 20.09.2021 & got the good result in 2.2 and started using in 3 pairs. of 1000$ each.. 4th pair testing is on.. With less drawdown good profit appx 10% earned so far in a 15 days... Those who wants set file be in touch..

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Pl do find herewith ICARUS EA back test reports and performance for more than latest 3+ months.  I have implemented in real acct in 3 pairs.. All the pairs need different setting hence one set file will not give result in all pairs, have to back test pair wise.  I have tested in 3 pairs made own set file and using in LIVE acct getting good result.. Most of the time getting good result in 2.2 version... I am trying in other version .. will update and do posing in group...

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Hey may I ask what EA it is you're using here? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
ICARUS2.2

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
i DO CALCULATION AS IF MY EA PER MONTH GIVES 10% PER MONTH THEN MY MAXIMAL DRAWDOWN SHOULD BE EQUAL TO MONTHLY EARNING..OR MAXIMUM DOUBLE OF THAT..  I HAVE DONE TESTING IN M5,M15,M1 AND FINALLY ABLE TO RAECH TO ABOVE RESULT.. BUT ALL 3 EA GIVE S DIFFRENR RESULY... icarus2.2, icaruS3 & icarus4.... AFTER OPTIMIZATION... Takes very long time but getting result as i wants...

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Hi Mapi and All here.

Any one of you using Ikarus on live account? If yes then which version? I tried Ikarus 4.0 on demo account but it did not take any trade as i have already mentioned.

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
By overlooking the code I figured out what you meant by inverting the RSI & STO

It means for instance when RSI is inverted, no matter its value is both Buy and Sell are true to trigger a trade, UNLESS the value is more than the upper level or less than the lower level.

Inserted Code
bool RSI_Buy()
{
double RSI_Value = iRSI(Symbol(),RSI_tf,RSI_Period,PRICE_CLOSE,RSI_Shift);
if (!RSI_invert) {
if (RSI_Value < RSI_Lower) return(true);
return(false);
} else {
if (RSI_Value > RSI_Lower && RSI_Value < RSI_Upper) return(true);
return(false);
}
}
bool RSI_Sell()
{
double RSI_Value = iRSI(Symbol(),RSI_tf,RSI_Period,PRICE_CLOSE,RSI_Shift);
if (!RSI_invert) {
if (RSI_Value > RSI_Upper) return(true);
return(false);
} else {
if (RSI_Value > RSI_Lower && RSI_Value < RSI_Upper) return(true);
return(false);
}
}

I will try to add an inversion function with another name to force it to work like BB invert method to check what happens in BT

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
You can try to see what happens. However you have to aware that RSI and STO are not like BB indicator. Their value represent a relative strength of the PA but not the price value. My invert of RSI or STO is used for preventing enter a trade in a trending market. When you coded them as the logic same with BB invert, it will mean when the price goes a strong upward you sell and visa versa. I think it makes no sense. Also, RSI or STO is better to indicate a ranging market rather a trending market. (Because there are ceiling and flooring effects of these indicator, they are not so sensitive in the over bought and over sold region.) CCI is more sensitive in the higher price or lower price area. The reason I didn't prepare CCI for Icarus is Icarus doesn't need to find a trend to enter the market. Icarus prefers a ranging market.

BB should be used as a main triggering indicator and RSI or STO should be used as a supplementary indicator that filtering the trade so that it will not be opened in a trending market.

Also, I suggest you try to modify Icarus as attached follows, the sell part is similar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That will cause Icarus when triggering a trade, for instance a buy cycle is initiated, it will also initiate a sell cycle at the same time. That is, go back to the original logic of Icarus, a pair of hedging orders is opened simultaneously. If the triggering indicators you are using is invert BB and invert RSI or STO, the buy cycle will soon to accumulate the loss, waiting the price hits the ground and rebound to get profit. The sell cycle should become a profitable cycle at the cycle is initiated.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Interesting. Got your explanation.

This way, we can ignore powerful trends and CCI or STO prevent us from opening a new cycle in trending markets. But for 2nd or 3rd positions in an opened cycle those indicators don't have such ability, therefore, a solution is setting a reasonable value for Minimum Spread. Because in savage conditions, spreads go high and we can prevent EA from continuing the cycle unless market gets calm and consequently spreads become in range.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Correct, Icarus has the Max Spread setting for you to restrict the maximum spread for trading. It is RSI or STO, CCI is not so sensitive in a ranging market situation.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
There are many reasons no trade is taken, one is you didn't check Allow Live Trading in your EA property settings.

Attached Image

Other reasons are your triggering condition is too harsh for any trade be taken.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Any recommendation on how much balance is needed per 0.01 per pair for Robin? My bt is not working with Robin 2.7. No trades taken, but in live trading it does place trades.

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
1000 USD should enough for per 0.1 lots. Robin isn't like Icarus, you can use a bigger initial lots.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Hi Traders, anyone running a live/demo version and documenting it with a explorer here, or myfxbook, or similar? Would be great if anyone could share, makes it much easier to understand the behavior for new comers

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
you say "of course this is very hard to backtest"... and I'd say this is not hard to code either. I'd say adding some of these parameters as variables and back testing it shouldnt be hard too. dm me if you are interested! I have some questions for you too

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Hi, yes I do have an explorer here, subscripe to me because only my buddies will see it, cheers

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
My 1k account has just ticked over 1k in profit, been running since April without intervention.

I've just increased the minimum lot size from 0.01 to 0.02.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
I"d test starting end of January as GBP had some extreme moves in Feb.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Please see attached statement from a demo account from May of this year which I have used to fine tune my settings over time . Started with original Icarius on the 5m chart, and updated to Icarius 2.2.1 Modified around July. Also switched to 15M time-frame on all the majors except USDCHF which I dropped after several months. Also tweaked the settings over time. If interested I will upload my settings.

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Hello

thanks mcphrant

the drawdown was really low

do you think that running multiple pairs had an effect on that

I normally only run a single pair at a time

you have opened my eyes to more possibilities

cheers

M

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
That is a good question. I do remember that there once was a huge draw down on USDJPY which was offset by a a large gain on USDCAD. But then the danger of no stop loss is always blowing up your account. There are no guarantees. First objective of these systems is to withdraw your gains until you recover your initial deposit.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Those look really nice. But isnt 0.1 with that many pairs pretty high for a 5K account?

Btw, I have back tested 4.0 and things went pretty rough in end February, I'd wouldnt have survived with 0.1 lots.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Hello, I joined the Forum just few days ago. Not speaking I'm very professionell, but I'm using Ikarus more or less since around 3 years. Not speaking for MaPi but I use that setup and it works quite well. In combination with a profit lock of 0.34 the account survived. In addition I check the account on daily base and realize the profit manually if I have the right feeling.

I have still a lot to read here and to understand  thanks to all for that really great forum.

cheers

S

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Happy to know that you are using from last 3 years. I hv just started and getting good result.. If possible pl do share your setting which is used by you from last 3years. Hence can improve more for consistence performance. Waiting for your reply

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
this is really not so easy to answer

it depends on your account size, the symbol, your risk appetite

currently I trade ikarus vers 2.2 on USDJPY with 5/3/8/0.3/ please choose the lot size yourself - the settings I adjust to the situation accordingly

with the new integrated functions i have no experience yet. i strongly recommend to start with a demo account!!! play with the possibilities and get to know the EA. believe me - if you only run one setting, at some point your account will be destroyed (unless you like it boring - but then you wouldn't be here)

cheers

S.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Care to share the settings for this demo?

looks like really good result which I am not able to replicate in my back testing

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Along the multiple pairs theme.

Withdrawing your original deposit as soon as possible. That was in MaPi's first post and very sound advice.

Is this where the correlation or lack of it are important when choosing pairs to trade simultaneously.

Cheers

M

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Hi,

this year I only run the EA on EURUSD, but if I would run it on multiple pairs, I would choose pairs without using the same currency twice (e.g. EURUSD/GBPJPY/AUDCAD). Having this said I spended some thought on using it on three pairs which are hedging themself like EURUSD / USDJPY /EURJPY, but this is just theory in my head, never tried this (and before doing I HIGHLY would advise not just doing MT4 backtest for all pairs, but also combining those datas in excel to get a feeling how they will react together)...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Hi SH,

welcome on board, when you run Icarus since 3 years and seeing your setting I guess I have to welcome an old fellow of mine

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Hi MaPi,

indeed that's true. I was pretty sure that you will like the 0,34 . And I painfully remember Jan 3, 2019 in USDJPY when 3 accounts blew up in my face

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Don´t look back in anger I heared ME say

Yeah, nothing changed on this, still in love with thode figure  Actually I use fibbonacci still to prevent me from curve fitting. I have my standard settings (and NO, NO NO!, they are for shure not the best) and adjust via setting or hot buttons to the situation of market...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
after countless attempts with different settings, I also switched to the control via the hot buttons.

This brings me to a question whether it would not be a benefit if you could choose a fixed monetary value for the take profit.

Furthermore, I am interested in reading your other approaches with Ikarus 4, but I still need some time to get through it.

cheers

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Please do upload your settings  it would be really helpful

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Good evening ladies and gentleman,

I read the whole thread now and have to say - WOW, thank you @MaPi and @TeChaoLiang for sharing and adapting this Icarus EA, a really great piece of software yet, even when there is room to improvement! I´m a specialist in trading DE40 and US30 (more technical, not fundamental), specially the opening sessions can be very profitable with this EA - I used the version 2.2 on a bigger live account now with good profits so far and will now upgrade to v4 - here is my idea:

Session Opening Mode:

Opening a long and short order 1 minute before the opening takes place and let the EA manage the process of booth cycles. One of them will lead to a TP almost immediately, the other side should be managed and after booth cycles are complete the EA should stop trading till the next opening.

This should be easy to add to the code, only a function for the exact the starting time has to be added and the mode "Close after one successful cycle" (booth directions of course)

Strange Problem with v2.2:

Additional I´m facing a problem with my German broker (FXFlat) on the DAX and DOW symbols where I got strange grid sizes although the settings are correct (v2.2). I entered grid size and take profit with value 2000 and got the following screen. It works perfectly fine at ICMarkets, Admiral and GBE. Mrs somebody of you had already the same problem. The even more strange thing is, on one server it works perfect with FXFlat, on the two others not (all the same WinServer2019 VPS).

Tank you and cheers from Austria

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Will check with other broker

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
I have done that, it works with others, that's not the point - I want to find the mistake to get it working... I have funded a bigger account with them and want to trade there so that should come to work with them.

The bug is definitely anywhere in the EA because all my other EAs and indicators need no special setting, works all fine, just Icarus 2.2 is not able to fly there!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
So, i delete all from Icarus on my servers, also the log files to be sure, that no old things are there. Same problem, with IC 2.2 and IC 4.0. Look at the picture, I think there is the problem located, but how to solve it? It works with currencies here at FXFlat but not with other things, BTC, US30 and so on.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Icarus is designed for currencies pair by default, if you want to run it on other things you need to make sure the point value of digits as well as the pip value calculated are the same as currency pairs. For instance, Icarus calculate PIP VALUE as follows.

// ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

// CALCULATE PIP VALUE

// ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

double CalculatePipValue(double volume)

{

double aux_mm_value=0;

double aux_mm_tick_value=ter_tick_value;

double aux_mm_tick_size=ter_tick_size;

int aux_mm_digits=ter_digits;

double aux_mm_veces_lots;

if(volume!=0)

{

aux_mm_veces_lots=1/volume;

if(aux_mm_digits==5 || aux_mm_digits==3)

{

aux_mm_value=aux_mm_tick_value*10;

}

else if(aux_mm_digits==4 || aux_mm_digits==2)

{

aux_mm_value=aux_mm_tick_value;

}

aux_mm_value=aux_mm_value/aux_mm_veces_lots;

}

return(aux_mm_value);

}

It only consider 5 digits, 3 digits or 4 digits, 2 digits cases. For 5 or 3 digits case pip value is 0.0001 or 0.01, that is pip=10*point. This covers all the currency pairs but not other things. For example, US30 is an 1 digits symbol, the pip value calculation of Icarus can not be applied to US30. If you want to use Icarus on US30, you have to modify the codes of Icarus so that the calculation is fit for US30.

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
i AM NOT A PROGRAMMER BUT, IF U HAVE ADDED THIS FACTORS IN PROGRAMMING WILL U PL SHARE THE DULY ADDED  ICARUS EA ... IN GROUP.  WILL BE THANKFUL.  WAITING

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
will u pl upload yours setting with ea & setfile,hence can be checked first at demo and then can be on live safely,  waiting.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Icarus is not my EA, I would not change any part of its mainly parts.  If you don't know how to modify it, you have better not use Icarus on symbols other than currency pairs.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Hi TeChaoLiang<

Which one is your EA? If you have any other,Please share here or PM me.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
That can be the case , but I´m wondering that it works with the normal symbol (US30) on that broker (FXFlat) but not with the US30mini. The mini means only that you can trade 0.1 Contracts too if you choose. In the normal US30 is choosen, 1 contract is the minimum szie.

Also with all the other brokers like GBE, Admiral, ICMarkets is no problem

@MaPi, or one of the other coders here, can you PLEASE change this in code?

I have an idea how to do it but Ikarus 2.2 this is working on live accounts of mine so I do not want to "try and error" here.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
TeChaoLiang,

I respect you and highly appreciate your work in any way, thank you for that! But what do you mean with this words? You changed the hack out of this Expert Advisor, this is no change of logic or something like that  Additional, nobody from us knows to do this correctly but you can easily do this

Also there is a"2.2_Time" version I remember: Post #332 Can you just please adapt that please that we can input a start time (Hours/Min/sec) and stop after 1 cycle (I explained this in post #1279) and add this 1 or 2 digit support what you meant? Thank you

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Thanks for advice.

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
About the trading time restriction function, yes, I can do it.  But I'll do it on Icarus 4.x later.  Icarus 4.0 is nothing different to Icarus 2.2_Time version if you choose not to use any indicators.  About another issue, the digits incompatible problem of Icarus when it used other than currency pairs, it is not so easy to modify to suit for symbols other than currency pairs.  You have to aware in advance that Icarus calculate take profit is according to the take_profit value you set and its virtual SL is according the grid size you set.  Take profit and stop loss (virtually) are totally irrelevant.  Although I think it is a little strange but that it is.  Also, Icarus use the actual value of money loss or gain to operate adding positions when the virtual loss is reached and performing profit lock when the TP is reached.  A symbol other than currency pairs, that not 2 or 3 and 4 or 5 digits, will confuse its calculation of the actual money of gain or loss.  Owing to the fact that Icarus is designed for currency pairs, it only consider situations of currency pairs but not other symbols.  To have a comprehensive EA, it should take the value of digit, point value, and also pip value of the symbol from MarketInfo() function calls. But Icarus doesn't do this way.  Icarus employs its special calculation everywhere and that makes modification much more difficult.  I know what the problem is, but I just cannot solve the problem one by one to the symbols other than currency pairs.

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Attached is Icarus with working time restriction version.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.2.ex4

167 KB
|
345 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.2.mq4

248 KB
|
471 downloads

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
How to Prepare Historical Tick Data for Back TestTick Data Suite? Quant Data Manager? Tickstory?
As I mentioned before, I don't trust Tick Data Suite because it embedded some code into your MT4 terminal such that the quality of back test can not be trusted. Quant Data Management is better but it also has its shortcomings. Using Quant Data Manager, it doesn't consider the spread so that the Ask and Bid are almost the same. That will cause you can have a wonderful back test result but never happen on the forward testing. So, we need a back test that can simulate merely actual spread. Tickstory can do it. As a consequence, I suggest you use Tickstory to run back test, it can add the spread according to your spread setting of back test. That makes your back test reasonable.

A back test without spread considered. One can easily make an EA that give you an unbelievable back testing result as attached image. But such kind of back testing won't happen in the real world. You can see the back test result, initial deposit of 500 USD, from 2021.1.1 to 2121.9.30, the result balance is 538724.70 USD with the net profit of 538224.70 USD. Is it too good to be true? Yes. It is a false result.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
My friend! Thx again for your efforts you are putting in the EA.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Ok got you... Hmm, how to solve this? Btw, THANK YOU FOR 4.2 man

The mistake is definitely in the calculation you mentioned - I turned my accounts into professional (ESMA regulation) today, switched form the mini to normal US30 and DAX40 symbol and "tadaaa" - It works like a charm like on many other brokers I use (2.8% today in Dax and Dow with 1 contract starting at FXFlat)

I also have the same problems at IG Bank as example, they are offering just 1 digit. Dow is priced there at "35,113.6" as example.

@mapi, can you talk to your coder which developed it from the scratch? Maybe he knows to adapt it correctly.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
15M Settings for Icarus_2.2.1_Modified

magic=11235

grid_size=20

gs_progression=3

take_profit=20

profit_lock=0.3

min_lots=0.1

equity_warning=0.2

account_risk=1.0

progression=3

max_positions=6

unbalance_control=0

max_spread=100

show_forecast=1

Indicators_Settings=

Conjunct_Idx=true

Bolinger_Band=

Use_BB=true

BB_tf=0

BB_Period=20

BB_Dev=2.0

BB_Shift=0

BB_Mod=0

Stochastic_Oscullator=

Use_Stoch=true

Stoch_tf=0

Stoch_K=65

Stoch_D=5

Stoch_Slowing=3

Stoch_Method=0

Stoch_Price=0

Stoch_Shift=0

Stoch_Lower=10.0

Stoch_Upper=90.0

Relative_Strength_Index=

Use_RSI=true

RSI_tf=0

RSI_Period=14

RSI_Lower=20.0

RSI_Upper=80.0

RSI_Shift=0

ATR_for_Grid_Size=

Use_ATR=false

ATR_tf=0

ATR_Period=14

ATR_shift=0

ATR_Multiplier=1.5

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Hey, just tried a ForwardTest on my 1:400 pro account in DE40, which is quoted on 2 figure after ., works fine...The EA was coded for FX, and every broker is handlingn non fx products differntly, so I would shy away to find a universal code for all instruments

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Out of interest, what are your setting in 4.2 for Dax and Dow? Are you trading CFD-Future or Cash? Cheers

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Hello everyone! Thank you for this good robot! Have one question maybe a stupid question but on my computer this robot won't take profit automatically. Should it?

Henning

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Yes, it should take profits but the amount of this profit depends on your settings.

You should see lines that I indicate in the below screenshot:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Dashed line which I indicated with a Blue line is the line on which EA will trigger a new position (SELL in this case)

And the Solid RED line indicates the price that should take the profit.

If you have issues check your settings and don't forget to set the "Show Forecast" to value "1" to see the mentioned lines on your chart.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Hello!

thank u for your answer! i saw some things i did wrong in the settings

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
This are the settings for DOW! - DE40 is the same but 1500 in grid size and TP! I trade cash CFD´s only!

ATTENTION - BE CAREFUL WITH SMALL ACCOUNTS, this running on a 6 figure account...

Cheers and happy trading!

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Hi, pls check input on Stoch K, realy 65 or typo? Cheers

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Yep. That is correct. I experimented with this setting to purposely reduce the amount of trades in order to lower the high draw down on the 5 minute charts originally. It did reduce the many trades, drawdown, and intervention, but I was not altogether comfortable. Switched to the 15 minute, and after a few weeks of monitoring decided to let it remain. Of course there are no guarantees of future outcomes as you well know.

And yes, a lot less trades, but suits my personal preference. Thanks for all your efforts and for sharing the original EA.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Hi, I'm new to this thread. Seems like an awesome EA and thanks for sharing!  I've tried but can't seems to get a good result. May I know which pairs these 2 EA works better on?  Anyone can share some settings to begin with?

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Hi, for me the USD/JPN works quite fine - I would start without using the indicators.  the following setting for testing: grid_size 21, gs_progression 3, take profit 20, profit lock 0.9, smallest lot size o.o1, progression 3 unbalance control 0 and let him run in a visual mode Backtest to see how it act. urgent note as always - use a demo account in the beginning

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Hi MaPi, thanks for sharing this EA. It works well in demo account. I wanted to ask, if this EA operates with only one manual order? That is, without opening orders in the opposite direction? I am looking in the options, but it seems that it trades both ways. My proposal is to trade only in Overbought or Oversold and Liquidity Zones, personally it makes more sense to "corner" the price, and hope that sooner or later it will move to where I want. Thanks again for sharing and for your response.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Hi, you have three options for doing so:

1. Enable "Only Long / Only Short " in the EA settings

2. Use indicator funktion so just one cycle will be opened

3. Use manual hot buttons for the first trade, EA will handel the cycle after this

Hope this helps,

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Thank you MaPi for your answer, I was able to. For some reason that I don't quite understand, whenever I passed the EA to the chart it always opened a buy order and a sell order, but suddenly it stopped doing it.

I will be testing Icarus today in demo, to know its functions. Thanks for sharing your EA.

PS: Out of curiosity I looked up the history of Icarus. It couldn't have been a better name for your EA.

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
MaPi, I'm sorry,  the EA keeps opening orders in both directions. I don't know what to do anymore.

You gave me 3 options:

1. Enable "Only Long / Only Short " in the EA settings

In the EA settings you don't see that option.

2. Use indicator funktion so only one cycle will be opened

You are referring to the button: "Stop Next Cycle"?, but the intention is that when a buy or sell cycle is finished, it will make a buy or sell cycle again, i.e. it will make a cycle again (either buy only or sell only).

3. Use manual hot buttons for the first trade, EA will handel the cycle after this.

The same thing happens. As soon as I add the EA to the chart or open the template with the EA, it immediately opens both buy and sell trades.

My intention is to trade only one way, either Buy only or Sell only. For example: I want to make pure buys, and when all the buys are closed, the EA will make ONE buy again, and start a new buy cycle. Can this EA work like this or am I wrong? I would be very grateful for your guidance.

Aclaration: I use 4.2 version (the reason, is because 4 of the buttons in version 2.2, the text is not visible), but I do not use the indicators. I send you a screenshot of the EA configuration.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Steps I perform:

I open a chart 2. I drag the EA to the chart 3. I configure the EA and 4. It immediately opens 2 orders one buy and one sell.

By the way, thanks TeChaoLiang, for the update.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
I think the point 1 you indicate: Enable "Long Only / Short Only" in the EA settings, you are referring to the Bollinger indicator, is that so?. If so, sorry for the confution.

And in that sense, I am looking to see if there is any configuration so that the bollinger indicator does not take any buy or sell signal, and only continues with the GRID when the first order is placed.

I don't know if I'm on the right track. I'm just trying to investigate and find a solution, since I use 2 EAS to do what Ikarus does.

When you are able, I would appreciate help.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
I will check tomorrow and reply accordingly, cheers

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
What MaPi said "Only Long / Only Short " settings is from here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Unbelievable!!, I never knew about this option of the EAs, I'm so sorry.  Thank you TeChaoLiang for showing me the option.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
After restarting MT, if the trade is profitable, EA (Robin 1.1) will open another trade which will immediately close together with the original trade. This unnecessarily reduces the profit achieved. This error only occurs when restarting MT.

I think it would be enough to add a time break for a new trade after a restart, unfortunately I do not know exactly where.

Can someone help me?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Are you sure this is related to restarting meta trader?

Because I've had almost the same problem in backtesting Robin and couldn't figure the problem so far.

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Robin 1.1 is an old version of Robin, please try newest version.

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
It is not caused by restart of MT4.  It is a normal close because the profit chasing order and the profit lock you set.

When an order of the profit cycle reached its virtual TP, Robin will consider to add an additional order to chase the profit, and also, if you set a profit lock value other than 1, it will perform a profit lock function (something like a trailing stop). Robin will close all the orders in the profit cycle when the total profit is less than the profit lock factor multiply the maximum profit it ever reached.  If you don't like it, you can set Profit Lock to 1.0, that will close the profit order immediately when the virtual TP is reached.  And set No. of orders with the trend to 0, that will no additional order to be added for chasing the profit.

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
OK - I just don't understand why the next order opens immediately, and moreover at the same level as the previous one - as can be seen in the picture from order numbers 111 and 112.

In any case, thank you for your answer.

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Hi TeChaoLing,

hope you are doing fine.

Found something strange in Icarus 4.2, would be grateful for your thoughts:

My settings:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would expect the EA to open a sell wenn above Bollinger and above 70 stochastic...This is what backtest is coming out:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When they are no positions it opens buy and sell at the same time...Can you advise me pls? Thx and cheers

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Yes. I can explain it. From Icarus 4.1 on, including 4.2, Icarus will open both directions buy and sell orders when the trigger condition is satisfied.

The reason is, I think the original Icarus initiates both buy and sell cycles make sense and I want Icarus can go back to its original behavior even you use a trigger condition to initiate a first cycle.

As I mentioned before, I suggest you can set indicators for triggering the first cycle as follows. Use BB invert and RSI or STO invert to set your trigger condition for the very first cycle, when the trigger condition is satisfied, that means the first cycle to be initiated has a large probability become a loss cycle. Why? Because BB invert indicates the price is above or below the upper or the lower BB band, and RSI or STO invert indicates the price behavior is most likely in ranging. That is, the cycle you initiated will soon become a loss cycle. And at the same time another direction cycle is also initiated, the cycle will soon become a profitable cycle. When Icarus accumulate loss by adding orders to the loss cycle, Icarus can also take profit from the profitable cycle.

If you don't like both cycles to be opened at the same time, I can offer Icarus 4.3 to you. This version can let you choose whether or not to open both cycles.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image

Set to false to open only one cycle. Of course, you can also arrange triggering conditions so that the first cycle initiated will soon become a profitable cycle and not to initiate another direction cycle. However, according to my understanding of Icarus, I suggest use BB invert and RSI or STO invert to trigger both cycles. Because RSI or STO invert can also prevent Icarus from initiating a cycle at the trending situation as much as possible.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.3.ex4

167 KB
|
324 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.3.mq4

248 KB
|
397 downloads

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Thx for 4.3...I will check also 4 2 functionality, but I need to find time for BT first...Just finished today a DD on EURUSD on buy side, and would like to shift over on my real account on your versions finaly, so 4.3 will help me because I can use my old settings more or less...Will give feedback on 4.3, sry for beeing slow atm, work is keeping me crazy busy...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Great to have such a useful option in Icarus 4.3

Let's imagine when the trigger condition is met, Icarus takes of and opens 2 positions in different directions. The market is up trend and our buy cycle will be closed immediately with a low profit amount, meanwhile the other cycle (sell) is going down to losses and litterally the buy cycle couldn't have been of many assistance in order to cover or even compensate a part of our loss. Can you share your thoughts on it?

On the other hand by your earlier explanation and clarifying in your last post, I do know that inverting STO or RSI could be helpful to detemine the ranging marketand it's cool. But why do you suggest using BB Invert if we're goung to dive to the market by opening 2 differen directions?

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
It is the nature of Icarus logic, Icarus's virtual TP is according to the Take Profit value you set and virtual SL is according to the grid size you set. Virtual TP and SL are independent. Of course, it brings a dilemma to us. If you set a relative larger TP value, of course, you can take more profit from the profitable cycle but it also limit the possibility of the loss cycle to turn its loss into gain when the price is reverse. Note that, when a virtual TP is reached, Icarus doesn't add additional orders to chase the profit.

On the other hand, the reason I suggest to use BB invert is, we buy when the price is above the BB upper band and vise versa. It seems to put an order with a direction of against the trend, but that is exactly we want to. Because it will soon become a loss cycle so that Icarus can accumulate loss and waiting for the price being reversed to turn the loss into gain. (This is the mainly logic that Icarus make profit.) Icarus earn not so much via a profit cycle but earn a lot from the loss cycle when the price reverse its direction. Because in the loss cycle, Icarus adds many orders progressively, and the progressively added orders will bring you profits.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
What if we determine lower TP for the main cycle and a bigger TP for the opposite cycle? I mean that would be a usefull option to code in the next version of Icarus that allows us to adjust different TP and Grid size (SL) for either of Main Cycle AND Reverse Cycle. Also using different Porofit locks could be useful in compensating the opposite loss better.

IMHO it seems to be usefull when we use BB invert

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Please can you add dd reduction to this ea DD Reduction Algoritm - drawdown reduction algorithm it when last order with profit will be close with first order series with loss. Number order for DD Reduction Algoritm -  from which order the drawdown reduction algorithm is activated. Percent profit for DD Reduction Algoritm - percentage of profit when closing orders in the drawdown reduction mode.

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
When the loss cycle turn to be a profitable cycle, it still under the same TP control. That is why we can not have two different TPs for two cycles.

Although there are many ways to improve Icarus, but there is no way to improve Icarus without changing its trading logic. When Icarus's trading logic is changed, Icarus won't be Icarus any more. I try to keep the trading logic of Icarus to be the same, from Icarus 2.x to Icarus 4.x. You can use later versions of Icarus to determine the timing of entering the market, but when entered, the logic of treating buy and sell cycles are the same as the original Icarus.

The only way you can do is trying to find an appropriate settings of TP value as well as the grid size via the optimization of back test.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
DD reduction algorithm can not be added into Icarus because it will destroy the logic of trading strategy of Icarus. Icarus is employing the temporary DD to reach the

future potential profit.  When the DD of Icarus is reduced the profit of Icarus is also reduced.

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Hello!

I wanted to contribute with a suggestion, which from my point of view, is the most correct way to run GRIDs. Before knowing Icaru, I went through a lot of EAs, and all of them opened the GRIDs in a different way than Icaru. I explain:

Icaru takes the Spread as part of the distance we place in the Icaru configuration, therefore, when it increases the Spread more, it starts opening trades closer together. I understand that there is a configuration, to open trades that do not exceed XX Spread. But in my humble opinion, I think Icaru would be safer if it did not add the Spread as part of the distance of each order.

I am not a coder, otherwise, I would gladly make the changes. This is the only thing I have seen so far from this fabulous EA, and I wanted to share it.

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
It's will help to not below the  account, as you see all grid ea at end can below the account if stron trend

So dd reduction will help to not belown and you can make it choice to active or disabled at the option of ea

Please add it to ea

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
You can set Account Risk to control your loss.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you set Account Risk to 0.3 which means when your DD is large 30% of your balance the EA will close all the orders.

This is the only way you can do.  As I mentioned before, I cannot or I won't add anythings into Icarus and changing its trading strategy.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
No, Icarus did not add the spread as part of the distance of each order.

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
For those with patience, please find my contribution to the thread.

Rgds
Attached File(s)   Icarus4.3_H4.zip

1 KB
|
380 downloads

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
What the ea can do for this strong trend

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
I can totally follow your idea regarding keeping the logic as it is but wouldn't it be better to keep profits high and DD low instead of insistence on a special logic (which will fail sooner or later for sure).

An EA is a tool to automate trading, Ikarus 2.x till latest can not fulfil this requirement on the long run, that's a mathematical fact. The time will come where you have to intervene manually to not loose your whole account, or at least a huge percentage from it and that's simply not the idea what EA´s made for. I also think MaPi will not have a big problem with it to change the logic to the better, especially not if we get an on the long run stable EA will a low DD and account protection.

We should think about this in general, in my opinion it's not the best idea to try to win the race with an 50 horse power VW Golf when the competitors are driving BMW M5 Competition...

However, there are more options:

Option 1: Improve here and get it better from version to version
Option 2: Rename the expert, start a new thread and use Ikarus 4.3 as base for OPEN improvement (If MaPi allows of course)
Option 3: is simple, concept failed. Period.

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Hi, 4.3 is opening 2 Orders at the same price in one direction when function "Initiate both Cycles" is false, can you please check?

When the fuction is activated i see some strange behaivor on the volume side wich is unknown to me (First order 0,01 second order 0,21):

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Can you please check and come back to me? Thx and cheers

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Hey guys, hope you are doing well. Short update on my real account (5K start, 1:400 leverage):

As reported before I crushed the account in summer on a doomsday drawdown, after liquidation I had about 1.400,- € on it. Since then I was able to come back, the graph you are seeing is giving you a good idea why I named this project Icarus

Equity is on a all time high (12-974,19€), and I am confident to set a new balance high (it went so high in summer during DD because I was activly using the hedge function of the EA) before the end of this year, even with a less risk approach (I used to start the cycle with 0,10 Lot, now I am on 0,05).

Fun facts beside, 577 Lot EURUSD have been traded and I am set on institutional rates with my broker nowadays (EURUSD Avg 0.00002 + 3€/Lot com)

Because of a stupid new taxrule in my country I can not have more than 20K loss a year, so the only concern is, that this will stop me trading before end of year. Anyhow, having still plans to bring my experience with the EA to youtube beginning of next year.

Cheers

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Hello to Austria

I am absoltly open to any changes making the EA better. At the cuurent moment I think NOT about new indicators, but about the logic of Icarus. This includes thoughts like hedging, usability (if possible also on non FX products, controll of trading hours and so on...

Just checked 4.3 shortly and found some small issues wich are allready adressed, but I think this version is giving us a good basement for further improvements...

Also I am thinking that Icarus himslef is a good indicator letting us know if we should go contrtrand or with the trend...

E.G: Within the BB (e.g. 20, 0.5) and within RSI 40/60 we allow the EA to open both cycles. We define how many orders he can open. When a cycle has reached this amount, we open a new cycle with the trend. When reaching BB (e.g. 20, 2.5) and RSI 30/70 the first cycle is contiued with the same volume logic it had allready.

This was now very briefly, but maybe you guys understand the core of my thinking...

So again, I am more than open to any changes, you do not even have to ask me, the EA is my tribute to the community here combined with my wish, to make it better...BUT WE SHOULD NOT START ADDING ALL THE INDICATORS AT THE MOMENT, WE WILL MAKE THE EA BETTER WITHIN HIS CODE, once we have done this we can speak about new indicators...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Friends, Traders Coders, thank you for your support on the project  Cheers

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
MARK THIS WORDS - IMPROVEMENT INSTEAD OF EGO! This is a great base to work together!

I totally agree that new indicators won't bring us this huge steps forward what we need here, the base is stable but there are a few things to address:

Multi Asset / Multi Broker usage

We still facing the problems, that we can not use it at all the different brokers at any symbol. For example, it is not working on IGBank on indices (1 digit as I read this). I know the EA is developed for currencies but works like a charm in induced too.

Time based start/stop:

Would be great to have an "Opening Mode" where we can set the time (HH:MM:SS) when the EA should open a long short trade and manages both directions AND only one cycle. This mode will be a cash cow in Indices CFD trading, if you trade only the opening (one order in both directions) and send the EA to sleep you can increase the starting lot and earn up to 1-2% a day with very low risk.

Hedging Mode / reduce DD:

There should be a hedging mode included to reduce drawdown. I also like the DD reducing also idea from "d0d0", we should think about that!

Let´s work together to improve this EA and not stuck to a logic that is not able to satisfy us on the long run - that's my idea, so we can make Ikarus fly high! (or however we will call it )

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
There is an error on time based start /stop - Look at the picture.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Also,

The bugs are all fixed. As attached.  You should replace the files attached on Post 1,321.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.3.ex4

167 KB
|
273 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.3.mq4

248 KB
|
341 downloads

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Great! Thank you!

I will test now!

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
For a Against the trend grid trading EA, Icarus, the only way it can do is surrender to the market.

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
BTW, this version still cannot cross days, I only modify it can cross hours.

If you need arrange cross days transaction I'll modify another version for you later. If you don't have the requirement of cross days, then let it be.

Attached version can cross days.
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.3.ex4

168 KB
|
220 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.3.mq4

248 KB
|
266 downloads

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Thank you very much TeChaoLiang and MaPi it is incredible the great work you do.

I hope MaPi you can make that Icarus video would be great.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
can someone help me to load the EA in mt4?

when i try to add noting happen

step by step guide please.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Pls read the very first post to understand, what this EA is doing... I entered this topic at 57 pages thread length, when you are serious about this project than I would recommend, do it like I've done - I´ve read the whole thread, every post!

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Thank you man for this great work, the Version works quite well so far

I think you got me wrong, this cross day trading is not the point, it would be very good to can set the starting time (first order cycles) in hours, minutes and SECONDS

Why seconds? Because it is really important to enter short time before volatility kicks in into the Indices or currency pairs. it makes a huge difference if you enter 09:59 like it is possible now or you enter let's say at 09:59:58. In the second case you got in right before the volatility kicks in and you can close the cycles much faster with more profit (ProfitLock)

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
If you like to have a time settings to second, then you have, as attached.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.3.ex4

168 KB
|
258 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.3.mq4

248 KB
|
324 downloads

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Thank you man! But there is one problem, the EA did not stop to open orders. He open the first trade correct but than it trade the whole time without any interruption.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Hi ! i got same problem "...opening 2 Orders at the same price...", is there any solution for fix it.

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
How come? The bugs already have fixed.

See following back test result.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Only one order opened. Please make sure you were using the later 4.3 version.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
When not in the working time, Icarus won't initiate any new cycles. However, it will still handle orders in the already initiated cycles.

If you don't let it handles the initiated cycles, then how do you deal with orders in the buy/sell cycles? Are you going to take over control manually?

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Thank you TeChaoLiang for your amazing work.

With a 500$ demo account it's made around 34$ just in 8h

My problem is 4.3 is not working for me only 2.0 is working. may I know how to fix this issue?

What I am missing I have to add any indicators?

sorry I am rookie here

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
The main logic of 2.0 and 4.3 are totally indifferent. If you not using any indicators as well as not using ATR to calculate grid size, it should work as 2.0.

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
You can see it here in screenshot...

My account is live, it is opened 2 order same time and same price.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Are you sure you are using the later version of 4.3? For example, the version share on the post 1350?

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
If you number different iterations of an EA the same name, you are always going to have problems identifying.

Rgds
RM

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
It's weird but I have the same issue.

You need to change the settings and in some cases by choosing a number for "Number of min lots to chase profit" it would open 2 sets of Buy and Sell like:

"Sell, Buy, Sell, Buy" like bellow:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Meanwhile, using the default values of parameters won't have such a problem:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
For the purpose of no more confusing of which version is the latest one. I upload Icarus 4.31 as the latest version of Icarus 4.3.

This version should fix the bugs of two orders opened and the working time restriction can be specified to second and can cross hours and days.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.31.ex4

168 KB
|
562 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.31.mq4

248 KB
|
826 downloads

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
It is difficult to modify Icarus to have everyone happy. However, if you don't happy with Icarus's trading logic, there are two ways. Don't use Icarus or develop another EA but not trying to modify Icarus. (I, by no means, to be a supporter of Icarus. In fact, I myself never use Icarus, because its draw down is hard to be controlled.)

You have to aware that, Icarus is essentially an against the trend grid trading EA. It is impossible to modify it so that it can performing some what hedging function to reduce DD, because hedging is a kind of with-the-trend behavior.

If some people want to have an EA better than Icarus, we then have to discuss a new specification of such EA and then code it. It is a new project. The project need a project manager. Do we have any volunteers to act as PM and/or coders?

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
I using 4.2, i will change and make test 4.3 tomorrow then let you know.Thank you !

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
TeChaoLiang,

It's not the thing to make everyone happy on the one hand, but it is very easy to make it on the other hand but when the EA works autonomous safe and profitable everyone will be  So this should be our goal - if it is called Ikarus or some other doesn't matter, even MaPi, the father of Ikarus agreed on this.

I would ask everyone here to stop ask for modifications now aslong we have not solved the problems Ikarus can facing on the long run (huge DD and MarginCalls trough endless needed positions to close profitable). I think the best idea is, to use the knowledge we got from Ikarus and start form the scratch but with some very useful parts of Ikarus (ProfitLock, Grid itself and the Fibo logic for step and size)

I´m thinking on an indicator based entry (there are quite better ones in my library than the standard one) and just to get an "entry level" open booth directions at the same time - mot time the price is moving further a little bit so we can close at least one or two orders profitable counter trend and can profit from the movement which is starting after.

I´m definitiv a volunteer in terms of collaboration, answering PM´s, and managing the project, the only thing is where I can help less is coding.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
Again, thank you for your numberous hours of work!

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Btw, the time restriction is not working correct at v4.31, when I set start to 16:29:59 and stop to 16.30 (to ensure that only 1 cycle get opened) the EA is trading the whole day! Can you pls take a look at that?

EDIT: Working in FX Pairs initalating the first trades, then trade trough the whole day. Trade the whole day from start on in DJ30 and DE40

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
According to your settings, the working time should start from MON 16:29:59 to FRI 16:30, of course it will trade the whole day.

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
It will be better if you set working start time to operate from first tick for any symbol as different symbols have different open trading times. Start time could be treated as start date and open hour be tied to first tick of the day.

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
There are two alternatives, have the weekdays separate from the trading time within one day or let the settings can cross days, eq., from Thu 23:00 to Fri 04:00.  One or another have to choose one.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
This is the behaviour from 4.3, this works good

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Hello, i'm have trial Ikarus 4.3 and got message like

CODE RED: equ 52.81 < 20% of max. equ. 1673.24 when i try on GU... but in another pair no message and works good.

is there any wrong setting on small accounts ?

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Hi, this is the warning your account is having a bigger drawdown than your setting in the EA. When switching accounts, it might get confused, Equity is safed a s aglobal vars, so maybe you have to reset the equity for the account:

To change global vars (F3):

//    - Switch Auto Trading OFF

//    - Change vars by hit F3-key

//    - Restart Ikarus

//    - Switch Auto Trading ON

//    - Restart Ikarus again

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Hi MaPi.. thank's for your help..

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Sorry, maybe I did not know how to express myself. The wider the spread, the closer you will be to the orders (e.g. GBPAUD). I use CENT accounts, so the Spread is usually a bit higher.

I have uploaded an image, for better understanding.

Maybe your way of trading is in high periods and an account with "0" or low spread and that's why you don't notice it. But yes, Icaru takes the spread as part of the distance between orders.

For example: If I set Icaru to open orders every 50 pips, and when I open an order the spread is 20 pips, then the distance between the previous order and this one is 30 pips, and not 50 pips as GRID EAs usually work.

I hope you understand what I am saying. I hope that at some point I can check it and can improve this function.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
I can understand what you are saying. I also know you are misunderstanding of the grid size means in Icarus. Grid size in Icarus only be used to calculate virtual SL of an order (or position). Assume you set 50 pips of grid size, Icarus will use 50 pips value as your virtual SL. Also, assume the spread is 20 pips, the loss of your order when opened is 20 pips, when the price goes to the opposite direction and the loss of the order increase to 50 pips, Icarus will open a new order. The effect is it seems open orders every 30 pips. Take a sell order as an example, your open price must be at the Bid price. And your loss is the spread, that is Ask-Bid. As the price is up, till the virtual SL is reached, the Ask is increased by 30 pips, then an new order is opened. The grid size is only used as virtual SL calculation but not to mean the distance between orders.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
I understand you, I guess it is a matter of taste and necessity. Thank you TeChaoLiang for your reply. Success!

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Hi TeChaoLing,

I am fronttesting 4.3 on my remote, it seems it missed to open up a shortcycle while a longscycle was open, can you pls check? Cheers

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
A suggestion for next update.

1. A choice be given to use indicator to trigger entry or buy or sell upon touching a defined Price Level. Any one.

2. Let progression of Buy or Sell start with a single order (can be any number of lots) up to a number of defined maximum positions.

3. If Buy is selected Increment of pip distance (Upwards) or decrement of pip distance (for averaging purpose).

4. In case of Sell, Fading of positions to be done (downwards) or increment (for averaging) .

5. Profit lock may not be required. TP may be defined for each increment.

6. On TP being achieved or exit by SL or Time , then trade size may be restored if user choses so.

This becomes a continuous process even if one position is traded. And it becomes a set and forget trade.

7. This trade suits mainly Index trader and is purely a lucrative trade for those who can cope with psychologic pressures exerted by drawdown.

Recently, I have traded with 1500 pips worth capital for DAX index on a set and forget basis and have got 40% gain in 45 days time with index dropping 800 pips in September and recovering 950 pips.

I am an option trader and have waited in the past for a couple of months when I sold options with 5 to 6 months maturity and have seen drawdown happening. So I treat Dax index trading as another option trade even though using futures. Unlike an option trade, futures give flexibility to exit immediately.

and recovering

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Your Max_Positions is set to zero, why?

But Max_Positions is set to zero won't cause short cycle not be initiated. I have also checked the logic, there is nothing wrong. Initiating of a short cycle is not related long cycle whether the long cycle is opened or not.

BTW, next time would you please upload your settings in setting file *.set so that I can more easy use your settings to test.

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Ok thanks, will do so and have a closer look on FT,cheers

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Hello MaPi,

I have tried using your settings in my back test.  I found that, most of the time, there is only one cycle.  When the cycle is terminated another cycle (long or short) will be initiated.  However, sometime there are both cycles exist.  As attached image.  I think the reason is your trigger condition is too strict for another cycle to be initiated. (BB 3.0 is a very strict condition.)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Hello MaPi and TeChaoLiang thank you your amazing work.

I faced a problem with 4.31.When ever I activate indicators in EA it's stop running. the question is I have to add indicators manually or EA will add automatically?

Also it's possible to add SL function please? EA is not closing when an order start running on high loss.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Pls read post 1, no need to add indicators, check instead your settings, and we have an SL for the account allready, cheers

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Thank you for the answer MaPi

Unfortunately my SL is not trigging.

I am new to mt4 I couldn't figure it out.

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
I recommend that you first learn how to use EAs, and "play" with Icarus in demo. And make a screenshot of your current configuration, it would help others to help you. But first, learn the basics. In MaPi's 1st post is the meaning of each function.

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
How does the trail profit SL works? i see that he is moving but we reach a point where it doesnt move more, any reason? Regards and thanks!

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Hi Michelx thank you for the reply.

yes i am running on demo since i am a mobile trader its kinda hard to trade on mt4 i am still learning.

here is the screenshot of my setting
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

some of my orders running in heavy loss but EA not closing them.

thanks...

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
For Icarus 2.2, what is the relationship with Take_Profit and Profit_lock? Is Profit_lock a percentage of where it starts to trail based on the Take_Profit value? How is Take_profit calculated, using the grid lots? thanks,

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Take a buy cycle as an example, take profit is according to the Take_Profit value you set. When the total profit of the buy cycle is greater than Take_Profit value, Icarus will mark the profit as the maximum profit and begin to perform profit lock, when the current total profit of the buy cycle is less than max_profit*Profit_Lock Icarus will close all orders in the buy cycle.  For instance, if you trade currency pair with 1 lot and set Take_profit to 20, also you set Profit_lock to 0.9, then when the total profit of your buy cycle is greater than 200 USD the maximum profit will be set to 200.  When time goes and your total profit of the buy cycle is shrank to 179 USD, it is less then 0.9*200, Icarus will then close all the orders in the buy cycle and take 179 USD as the profit.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Is the 1 lot based on the initial position or the sum of the the open positions in the current buy cycle?

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Sum of the total buys.  or there is only a one lot order in the buy cycle.

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Is there a way to set TP to break even after a certain amount of positions open or draw down?

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Is the latest EA now working in all functions? I still facing the time problem which is not a misunderstanding from my side but a misunderstanding in my needs from coding side, the version I mentioned in my last Post #1,370 regarding this is the version which is works fine for me... Anyway - I have the ultimate solution for the problem which we are facing here (drawdown in trend phases).

I strictly use the Fibonacci option for grid and order size because it's the optimal choice on in my opinion. So far, we should implement a hedge function which dismantle order per order if we are getting into a strong trending market.

Pls See the PDF attached!

Anyway, I appreciate TeChaoLiang´s efforts for coding this changes all here and MaPi for sharing this great EA, thank you guys  BUT sorry for the hard words following - We are just wasting time guys. This is no longer a question about settings, indicators or stuff like which is already inside the EA. Everybody should test and set the EA regarding it's own expectations regarding risk and results...

But there is one major problem which keeps us away from making this a real weapon and this is drawdown and margin load - And therefor I have a solution!

The question is now: Is anybody here willing to code that? Logic change or not, when we stuck to a logic which is build to fail at sometime in the future this will make all effort useless - that's the point! If somebody is willing to change code according to the attached PDF that would be a great benefit to all of us, if no I will hire a coder to implement this and leave the discussion here because... yeah guys, of course, time is money!

Thank you all

Have a nice day!

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
No, Icarus does not have such settings.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Check the following codes in Icarus:

if(unbalance_control==0)

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,CalculateStartingVolume(),MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

else

{

if(sells<4)

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,CalculateStartingVolume(),MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

else

ticket=OrderSendReliable(Symbol(),OP_BUY,sell_lots[sells-3],MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_ASK),slippage,0,0,key,magic,0,Blue);

}

Which means if you set unbalance_control other than 0 Icarus will do unbalance control by putting more lots in the opposite cycle when it is initiated. That is, in English, when Icarus initiates a new cycle, it will check the number of positions of the opposite cycle. If the positions of the opposite cycle is larger than or equal to 4, it will open an order with the lots same as position 1 (the second position) of the opposite cycle to make the amount of lots of buy order more balanced to the amount of lots of sell cycle. If the opened positions of the opposite cycle is 5, Icarus will open an order with the lots same as the 3rd position of the opposite cycle, and so on. This is somewhat a hedge effect.

Of course, (sells<4) can be modify to (sells<3) or (sells<2) to make Icarus performing unbalance control earlier.

For now, Icarus makes the number of positions of opposite cycle fixed to 4. Perhaps, we can let the number be adjustable in the settings and maybe the problem of drawdown and margin load can be solved nicely.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
I have tried many times and many ways, no better results. The conclusion is, If you are dreaming to add somewhat hedge mechanism into a grid trading EA that is against the trend, it will be a nightmare.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
It has been an interesting idea for systems like Icarus and I am making it happen. Because it could be a sort of fuel for Icarus to let it goes higher.

I am working on the hedge function and will post results here to improve this option on Icarus.

Icarus is a sophisticated one and adding such capability needs so many variables to be modified and some functions to be added. Therefore many contributions are needed here.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Hello, I hope you are doing fine. I know and appreciate your opinion, you do not like trading against the trend. As you know I like this style, traders a re different in their needs. I am trading with 4.3 on a demo for fronttesting, so far I did not find further problems...

But for my personal taste Icarus has a bias, and it is your bias not to trade against the trend.

I would ask you to change the following and to let traders choose how to use the EA:

On the indicators pls use the invert function not for the trading direction but for the trigger of a cycle: BB: If invert is false cycle starts Long/Short outside the bands (e.g. 3 StDev), if it´s true cycle both cycles can start inside the bands Stoch: If invert is false cycle starts Long/Short outside the input (e.g. 20/80), if it´s true cycle both cycles can start inside the input RSI: If invert is false cycle starts Long/Short outside the input (e.g. 30/70), if it´s true cycle both cycles can start inside the input Add a new option where trader can choose if EA should with the trend (e.g. above 3 StDev Bollinger = BUY) or against the trend (above 3StDev Bollinger SELL) With this, Icarus will not have a bias anymore and every trader can choose his own style. Also, out of my experience it would be super helpfull for contratrend trading, to have e.g. M1 BB 20 3 StDev + M1 Stoch 30/70 + H1/D1 RSI invert on 45/55 to open a cycle, the invert setting will ensure contr cycle will not be opend if the market is in a biger trend movement.

This is my wish for the EA, and I am aware I ask a lot from you because it is against your believe! As soon we have a bias free version I would love to look into hedging. We never did so far, of course we could start to optimize unbalance control (your idea is the most logical point to start here), besides I liked the idea a lot to have a function to enable this in regards to Margin Level.

Also I realy like the approach of Mr.Trader, when we code it in a way the hedge would close the first order of EA it could be much safer (would need a version to find it out). Maybe we can merge unbalance control and Mr.Traders idea?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Hi, thanks for this idea, I do like it a lot. But I think we need our heads a little deeper inside this here...Let´s say max position=5, 5 position is opend - and at the sime time the hedge with volume of 5th order. Market is going further, hedge and 1st order are close, we have 4 positions. Market stays in trend in trend, 5th oder is opend (bigger volume than the first 5th order obviously), hedged is open. So we can add space in doing so, but personaly I would think opening 5th order and hedge at the same time would be not ideal, we should think hoe we can wisly postpone the hedge...Am I right?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Hi guys, just wondering is this ea available for mt5 also? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Hi, no it is MT4 only, cheers

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Hello guys! Hope you are green!

I need your consultation.

Icarus_2.2.4_Modified. Max_position = 6

During the Friday EU moved down and Icarus initiated 6 buy positions. Today it's going up and Icarus opened 6 sell positions,
not waiting to close any one of previous set.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I haven't seen such trading "bugs(?)" till today. What did I do wrong? What should be changed? What to check?

Thank you for your ideas!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
This is very normal in Icarus's behavior. If you set indicators (eg. Bolinger Band) for triggering new cycles, it will open cycles in both directions when needed, regardless of the previously opened cycle (if exists)

BTW, I was in the almost same circumstance since last Thursday and an hour ago the buy cycle closed with a fairly good profit on my live account

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
quote=since80808;13768635]Hello guys! Hope you are green! I need your consultation. Icarus_2.2.4_Modified. Max_position = 6 During the Friday EU moved down and Icarus initiated 6 buy positions. Today it's going up and Icarus opened 6 sell positions, not waiting to close any one of previous set. {image} I haven't seen such trading "bugs(?)" till today. What did I do wrong? What should be changed? What to check? Thank you for your ideas! {image}[/quote]

Hi, long will be closed on blue and short on red line. I was in the buy cycle in my live account, the EA just realized the winnings...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Hi Mapi , TeChaoLiang and all!

Have you run this EA (dicussed here) on live account? What is setting and result?

Can broker interfere my EA settings if i run it on my live account?

Please share and advise me.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Yes, I am running it on live account, add me so I will add you and you can it see it here in forexfactory...

No, a broker cannot change settings of the EA, but a shitty broker might take action against it, you have to find a broker who is willing to accept winning clients

For settings pls do your on back and fronttest, there are many different ways EA can trade for you...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Hi Mapi, Thank you for your reply,

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Icarus v4.0.1_BetaWith HEDGE Function
Dear Fellow Traders;
Here is the Beta version of Icarus 4.0.1 attached which is equipped with the HEDGE function.

Let's take a look at bellow picture which shows opened positions for the main cycle (Buy in this example) and Hedged positions (Sells)

In this example position 1,2,3,5,7,9 are for the main cycle while position 4,5,8,10 are Hedged ones.

The Hedge function here is set to trigger on 3rd position of the cycle (which is very low and is just for testing and debugging the EA)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A new hedge is triggered whenever the next position of cycles needs to be opened and at the very same moment, the first open position of the cycle gets closed.

It goes further until Buy_TP (in this example) is triggered and all the positions will be closed.

This function will be absolutely effective on lowering the Drawdown and consequently lowering the risk of account blowing up.

Compare 2 pictures bellow to get what I mean:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

These are completely random periods and random setting (Start Hedge =6) just for comparison.

As far as this is the first version of beta it has problems that need to be taken care of and I'll do my best to make it perfect.

Suggestions BESIDE TESTING AND BACKTESTING are welcome and appreciated.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.0.1_beta.ex4

173 KB
|
322 downloads

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Hello everyone,

I hope everyone is doing well  .. I download Icarus 2.2 a while ago and I decided to test it on a demo with default settings on three pairs. For three months everything was looking good and I decided to apply the EA to a live account ($3K). Things are also looking good there. However, I haven't changed any of the settings and the EA seems to run just fine. Is there any reason why I should upgrade to another version of this EA. I read that a lot of people run into bugs and I don't want to mess anything up.

I may test the new 4.0.1 on a demo account.

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Alright .. installed the beta on MT4 demo .. standard settings .. it's been sitting there for about 1.5 hours and it doesn't open any trades.

What am I doing wrong ?

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Do back tests first. The default settings has never recommended even on a demo account. Let alone putting it on a live account.

Backtesting is a MUST for any sort of expert especially grid ones like Icarus.

With this you can optimize different parameters in the EA's settings to make the most out of it. Also, parameters are gonna be unique for every single currency pair. Look up on youtube about back testing.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
[quote = Farzad666; 13769804] Icarus v4.0.1_Beta con función HEDGE Estimados compañeros comerciantes; Aquí se adjunta la versión Beta de Icarus 4.0.1 que está equipada con la función HEDGE. Echemos un vistazo a la siguiente imagen que muestra las posiciones abiertas para el ciclo principal (Comprar en este ejemplo) y las posiciones cubiertas (Vender) En este ejemplo, las posiciones 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9 son para el ciclo principal, mientras que la posición 4 , 5,8,10 son de cobertura. La función Hedge aquí está configurada para activarse en la 3ª posición del ciclo (que es muy baja y es solo para probar y depurar el EA) {image} Se activa una nueva cobertura cada vez que se necesita abrir la siguiente posición de ciclos y en el En el mismo momento se cierra la primera posición abierta del ciclo. Va más allá hasta que se activa Buy_TP (en este ejemplo) y se cierran todas las posiciones. Esta función será absolutamente eficaz para reducir el Drawdown y, en consecuencia, reducir el riesgo de que la cuenta explote. Compare 2 imágenes a continuación para obtener lo que quiero decir: {imagen} {imagen} Estos son períodos completamente aleatorios y una configuración aleatoria (Start Hedge = 6) solo para comparar. En cuanto a que esta es la primera versión de la beta, tiene problemas que deben solucionarse y haré todo lo posible para que sea perfecta. Las sugerencias ADEMÁS DE LAS PRUEBAS Y LAS PRUEBAS POSTERIORES son bienvenidas y apreciadas. {archivo} [/ cita] Haré todo lo posible para que sea perfecto. Las sugerencias ADEMÁS DE LAS PRUEBAS Y LAS PRUEBAS POSTERIORES son bienvenidas y apreciadas. {archivo} [/ cita] Haré todo lo posible para que sea perfecto. Las sugerencias ADEMÁS DE LAS PRUEBAS Y LAS PRUEBAS POSTERIORES son bienvenidas y apreciadas. {archivo} [/ cita]

Hello, what indicator configuration do you use, only HEDGE or do you have any more BB, Stoc, Rsi activated?

Thank you, sorry for the translation.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Different settings, but I mostly use BB and STO / RSI for triggering. Currency pair matters in setting parameters, but I normally stay out of UJ, if you insist you need to use an optimized ATR to calculate grid for you

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
EURUSD 01.2021-11.2021

Icarus2.2 - good result ? How make better ? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Great! Looking forward to see the changes! If you need something just drop me a message!

Are you mind to share the code with us, I just want to track the changes done? Thank you

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
I just spend 2 hours trying every single setting there is (or a lot) in my strategy tester and I cannot get it to work. I tried 2.2 and that works flawlessly. I will keep trying.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Got it  .. I got the spread wrong. The currency pairon which I was testing had 35 spread and the EA max was set to 25.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
I have also much problems especially with indices what are going to freeze my Plattform (i.e. setting the ProfitLock up to 0.6, or trade permanently without indicator launch) I´m sure that Farzad666 can fix this issues. Report as much issues you can guys

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Would you please share the mq4 file? I like to know how do you add the hedge into Icarus.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
You need to choose a more precise testing mode. You chose "Open prices only" which is not reliable in this system.

You need to:

First, use better quality data by downloading reliable data and uploading it in mt4 using the F2 key on your keyboard.

Second, use model "Every tick" in strategy tester instead of "Open price only"

Share your thoughts I hope we can figure it out here. Tell the exact issued you've faced hopefully we can figure the solutions together

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Here I share the mq4 file of the same version to check. Need to know this is a beta version and codes are not finalized yet and have issues that hopefully will be fixed in future versions.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Ok i will make a Video today and share it here, this is easier to cover it all

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Here is beta version 4.0.2

I came into some Grid-based volume control of hedging issues and here is repaired now.
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.0.2_beta.ex4

173 KB
|
295 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.0.2_beta.mq4

267 KB
|
485 downloads

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Hello and thank you for this bot which seems promising. I am currently testing Icarus 4.3 in demo, the results are good for the moment. I will also soon test the 'Hedging' version if it is successful I will pass it on a real account. I will keep you informed of the results. Thanks to the developers and participants of this forum! See you soon :-) Francky77

P.S : sorry for my bad english, i'm french :-)

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Forward test:

From 17.5.2021 to 3.11.2021

Pair: AUD USD

EA Robin 1.1

Profit 1001 USD

Trades loss 283

Trades win 488

Actual DD 90 USD

Settings added - during test only lightly changed min. lots.

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
İt works slowly on the test.Can we arrange the hedge lots like; half of opposite total orders lo or half of the last order lot

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Yes,

I'll consider it for the next version

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
And perhaps it may be convenient to arrange the trail point as

if it will be some profitable after the hedge order.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
ICARUS 4.0.3 Beta

updates:

Now you can make a choice on how to calculate the hedge lot each time it's gonna be triggered.

Two Options so far: I think the names are clear enough
Attached Image

Also an option to choose a multiplier for the hedging volume (0.5 for half, 2 for double, etc.)

Attached Image

and some bugs fixed.

Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.0.3_beta.ex4

172 KB
|
395 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.0.3_beta.mq4

269 KB
|
600 downloads

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Hi TeChaoLiang and other coders, would be nice to get feedback on my post 1398, thx and cheers

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Dear MaPi, I just suppose those parts you mentioned earlier are related to the indicator triggering section of the EA in which TeChaoLiang is an expert there. I hope he can find time to check or else if he was busy I'll take care of it if I can.

About your idea on hedging, I'm really keen on hearing your ideas as a person who I know is familiar with the concepts of Icarus. Your posts about the results you gained have been containing many things to learn for me as well as motivating us.

Honestly, I decided to go through codes of Icarus which are absolutely sophisticated and I use to be scared of going through them, but finally, a couple of weeks ago I found the courage to do so, because I found many things in this thread, and to be honest made some money with it. I'm not gonna say I felt I owe this thread, but I really wanted to get familiar with lines of this amazing EA and saw TeChaoliang is alone on modifying it.

Making that beta versions took more than 2 weeks of my time to read the codes line by line, then modify them. Now I expect it to be worked and folks here get involved in it especially you as the father here!

Otherwise, I have to give up on this, unfortunately. I need to take care of my business and be with my wife so in case of being here to just code for people who just download files with a single time running on their platforms and going on it will be just a waste of time. Either for me and such people

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Hi, first off all thanks for the time and work you put into this.

I was very briefly testing it, it esems to me when a hedge and market is going than against the hedge EA is not recalculating the profit goal so the whole cycle including hedge is realized in minus, am I right? Do we have a way to recalculate profit goal for the whole cycle including the hedge for this scenario so it will be closed in profit?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is there a reason when hedge function is activated EA closes bigger orders first (when deactivated it is handling it like the old Icarus and starts closing from smal to big volume)?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Hi guys. Yes even me too I'm running 4.0.3 on USDCAD as I write and I noticed something strange. First I don't feel comfortable with indicators therefore, I deactivated BB but hedge and other parameters are standard. So it opened two hedging position and later the price went downwards and passed TakeProfitsell however, I didn't see the trailing stop gets trickered. Is there something I'm missing here?

Again Mr Farzad I acknowledge your contributions and many others in this wonderful project. Some of us have turned to be student of Mql and you guys serves as lectures for a lack of a better word. Icarus is an awesome project and it's all thanks to MAPI"s big heart for sharing. I've never believed in a project like this before. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
So far, in Icarus 4.X, indicators Stoch and RSI already has the function as despicted. However, to the indicator BB, it is not so ideal to let cycles initiate within the BB band. Because BB is not like RSI or Stoch, it represents a trend of price action, not the oscillation of price. That is, BB invert means when the price is greater than upper band we buy and lower than the lower band we sell. Normally, we don't need set invert of BB for Icarus, better for Icarus is to prevent opening cycles from a trending market.

To an against the trend grid trading EA, you cannot just invert your triggering condition to change it to be a with the trend EA. When virtual SL is reached, Icarus will open a new order against the trend. That is why, Icarus is classified as a kind of against the trend EA.

Owing to fact that Icarus is essentially an against the trend EA, it is very difficult to add hedging mechanism into it. For hedging orders is essentially a with the trend order. They are conflict to the against the trend orders Icarus added in the cycle, and will also reduce the profitable capability of Icarus.

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Hi Professor, i agree with you on the BB issue. I ran the EA this afternoon with BB and didn't open any positions until after awhile i decided to disable it.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Thanks for trying. Yes, you are totally right. My first intention to this modification and adding a hedge function was to reduce the Drawdown by protecting the account in big moves. Maybe I didn't clarify it well.

Imagine a big move while we are using ATR for grid size with a low multiply or in a low time frame - OR - using a small grid size. The EA sometimes starts to open maybe 6 to 7 orders in less than 100 pips of movement in the market which will be dangerous by continuing the movement and incrementing the lot size.

So I thought there would be good to prevent ourselves in such cases by adding hedge and letting it be finally in a small negative total, but the cycle closes as early as possible (We can compensate that small loss in a couple of days).

Also adding hedges in different parts of the cycle needs to be optimized and recoded to detect the best places for triggering hedges and closing them respectively.

I'm not sure if I was clear enough about my main intention. mr.trader made a pdf for it maybe that could be helpful with images he used.

It is all about a "for" loop that starts closing the desired orders in a cycle which I used to count from last to first, recommended by coders to be this way to lower the mistakes of EA.

Looking forward to your useful comments and your ideas of calculating and probable options to be added. I know you may not be OK with this hedge function which is also good to know if you don't like to use Icarus in this way. No pushing bro

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
I don't get why you think it reduces the profitability of Icarus?

I think hedging may protect the account in big moves.

If we are satisfied with a reasonable percent per month we need to use an account with a high balance. 10 percent per month will do nothing for a 1k or 10k account. If we want to be safe here and have a consistent income with it we would need a 50k balance for example in our account to be assured it is safe there.

So I think hedging will let me be calm in big moves because I know a BAD cycle initiated, but it won't blow my account, however, it may be negative in result in this week and afterwards, everything will continue as it used to be.

Such big movements are almost filtered by using different techniques which we discussed before and we also will employ other things in future to avoid volatile markets. But hedging is just a tool we need.

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Hi. thanks for checking.

I checked again and the profit lock works as it should. But you need to know the nature of Icarus 4.0 is to initiate a double position Buy and Sell when you don't use any of the indicators. So in this mode, you don't need the Hedge function. For using my beta version you need to USE at least one of the indicators for triggering the cycle.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Thanks for clarity.

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
İt(hedge function) can be used with sell and buy mode together like on mode 4.0 .And perhaps it will be suitabe when we arrange trail stop level(as if it will get some profit) after hedge order openned.

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
I notice that your hedging mechanism is doing hedge when necessary but not always hedging. Hedging is an art. Especially doing hedging in an against the trend grid trading EA. My next post will show evident why I think hedging in Icarus will reduce the profitability.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
I have tried to compare Icarus 4.0.3_beta with the settings as follows.
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.0.3_beta_EuR.zip

1 KB
|
678 downloads

I intentionally to set the lots to 0.1 and run back test without hedging, and the result is hereby:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then, same settings but with hedging, and the result is:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It seems that the account is not being protected as expected. It crashed.

Next, I set lots to 0.06 with hedging, this time it won't crash. The result is:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With same settings but without hedging, the result is:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The evident shows that hedging in Icarus cannot guarantee the account be protected from a big price movement. However, it is obviously that hedging in Icarus will reduce the profitability.

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
The question is, how you hedge

Pls See my thought regarding hedging!

If you hedge like crazy without to do the math this is true! If you expand my idea even further and start hedging at let's say Order 4 and start to dismantle the fist order with the profit, with the second hedge the second and third order than it will work. Just Hedge the particular order at a 100% (or even a little bit higher), than you can only get better - except my excel is not calculating correct and my MT4 show me fairytales

Anyway, when you hedge like mentioned in my PDF and combine this with the add-on following you will succeed! Stop the fib progression at 8 Lot for example (startet with 1 Lot) and hedge every order. Now you can play this game nearly forever! The first good news are now, at some time the market will reverse hard enough to get out profitable and the second good news are, there comes the time where you are able to close out your whole cycle positiv manually (or automated) because of the hedge gains.

It's all about sustainability and maintenance free profits, and that is definitely no dream, that is what I can tell you

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
What I am talking is applying hedging mechanism into Icarus.  I had studied your hedging method from your PDF, if your hedging method is applied into Icarus, Icarus won't be Icarus any more.  I also had studied the hedging approach of Farzad666, his hedging function is separated and can be added on Icarus without intervening Icarus's trading logic too much.

I am not opposed to the hedging use.  In fact, I employed hedging mechanism in my EA, Robin.  In Robin, I use four cycles for managing orders.  They are, buy cycle, sell cycle, hedging buy cycle, and hedging sell cycle.  Hedging in trading has its special purpose.  It has to be handled with separated treatment.

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
I see what you mean here. I have to say that the intention of hedging against the cycle is to protect the account BY ADDING EXTRA VOLUME (LOT) POSITIONS to the cycle.

The extra lot contradicts the protection usually. But we fix this contradiction with money management. When you are on a 1k account it makes no sense to initiate the cycle with a 0.1 or 0.05 lot position and also use the hedge function. Because hedge will just destroy the account! however, the account will be destroyed on its own because of no money management and being high-risk.

I know and admit the hedging function needs to be optimized in terms of where to close the whole cycle that MaPi addressed earlier, Or when to close the current hedge, when to open the next hedge, etc.

But I believe by optimizing the functionality, it's gonna be a wonderful account protection technique for being consistent.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Hello Mr TeChaoLiang,

what is the backtest timeframe and period please? I am currently testing your setup on EURUSD. The H1 timeframe seems to be the most relevant for the moment on a small account of 3000 € starting from 0.01 I'll keep you posted on my final setup if that helps ?!

Good Sunday to all !

Francky77

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Acquiring skills of Hedging Management needs at least 3 years actual experience doing it. Who has that patience?

If you want to do auto trading for risk managment, discard all ideas to enter trades by using indicators. Discard stop loss and all risk management filters.

Just set up two grids one for buying and another for selling.

You can use 50 pips difference between the start price of the two grids or if you have a bias for buying , then set up pending orders at a price you perceive to be going to be support level below the start price or resistance level above the Start Price. Set up xxx number of pending orders for Buy Limit (buy from weakness) and Take profit periodically . Or you can pile up buys from Buy Stops and Take profit as prices go up. Similarly you can do selling from Limit (from strength) or Selling Stop and take TP partially. Two grids will provide natural grids. Risk management is done automatically. Entries are triggered without using any indicators.

Only 6 price levels set up as pending orders above and below Start Price will act as TP 1, TP 2, TP 3 at resistance levels for buys and TP 1, TP2, TP3 at support levels for sells . You can buy/sell from above or buy/sell from bottom depending upon your bias for direction.

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
I know, but as mentioned, stuck to a logic which is born to fill in some time in the future is ridiculous. We should develop it further go get it stable and not stuck to a logic... Anyway, what about Robin EA? Is there an separate thread now or is it still integrated here? What is the latest version of it? I recommend to make a new thread with Robin for a clear separation

Nice Sunday to all

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
You got it a 100% man, totally agree (your words about the grid)

PS: Look at my registration date here - May I have a view years more experience in FX trading than your mentioned three

I would take your thoughts even a little bit further, you can use a very few number of the public available indicators to start the grids, and that's it! But even this indicators I adopted to my needs.

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
I am trading with Icarus now more then 7 years (including it's old versions). I am running settings with smal gridsize giving me a high risk high chance profile, aiming for trippling up on a yearly base.

I am doing this on a real account wich I consider to be a fun account, so the loss of it would not change a thing in my live.

So, please believe me, out of praxis and 20 years+ in the trading industry I not just understand the risk involved in Icarus, I am accepting them!

From a conventional standpoint in trading I would say:
Icarus is combining deathsins of trading in an EA.

But again, I can use the style because I do it in an environment where it will never hurt me (fun account).

So yes, hedging is not the holy grale, too, and yes, there will be cost of hedging!

But if we do not go the way of hedging, and smarten up the EA, what would be a worthy development now? I like the work of Farzad and I like the idea of Mr.Trader. We always can choose if we want to use the hedging option, so for me it is logical to go this route.

As quoted in post 1 I can not code it. And yes, I can hire a coder to forfill my needs, but in starting this thread a have committed myself to this route here.

I am super thankful to all the inputs, discussion and hours of coding you guys have put in here, thank you    !

Let's keep it on, guys, if Daedulus (father of Icarus) would have believed in dogma they would never started their journey to the clouds.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
I am not stuck in the logic of Icarus. My replies is only to somebody want me to add hedging function into Icarus.

There are many ways to design a grid trading EA, of course, we don't have to be stuck in Icarus. Instead adding hedging function into Icarus, I would rather to discuss a new grid trading strategy for a new EA. We can discuss and specify new trading strategy of this new EA. Then, we can build a new one.

We should first decide the grid trading EA is a with trend or against trend. Next, we are going to specify the relationship of the grid size and take profit as well as stop loss value. For instance, Icarus's SL is according to the grid size and TP is totally independent of the grid size. Also, Robin's SL is proportional to TP and TP is depending on the grid size. There are many to be decide of the EA's control logic, we have to clarify the details before we can begin to code it. Create a new thread or discuss in this thread is all right to me. However, the most important thing is must has brainstorming here or there. Without any constructive opinion focus on the topic, every talks are eventually in vain.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
My back test settings are almost the same with Mapi's settings except the lot size.  I always run back test with M1, and every ticks mode.  With the spread set to 9, which is my broker's spread.

You have to aware that when you run a back test, you have to consider the spread.  That depends on what tick history data you use.  I found that only TickStory can let you embedded spread into your tick data when back testing.  I take the average of the spread of my broker so that the back test result will more realistic to the forward testing.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Fun account and a video game, then why not?

It may show a way to make real good money.

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Hi TeChaoLing, I am getting a little confused, please help me out: Why do you prefer to start a new project than improoving this EA? Hedging will always be a request, again, the trader can choose by setting if he wants to use it.

Is it easier to code from 0 than building up the basement we allready have achieved?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
It is impossible to improve Icarus via hedging mechanism.  To my understanding of Icarus' logic, I found no where we can add hedging mechanism into.

I do think trying to improve Icarus by adding hedging function into is a dead end.   My post 1442 is a disprove.  It shows that 1. hedging definitely will reduce the profitability of Icarus. 2. It does not guarantee the account can be protected by employing hedging mechanism.

If someone want to employ hedging in a grid trading logic, the logic must be redefined and hence a new project.

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Hi Guys

I'm a novice trader and not a coder myself but I'm grateful to find myself amongst such talented people like you. Well, i don't know the benefits of starting a new thread but, i think continuing on this track will become valuable when we look back at what started as a simple Icarus idea that eventually created product to be proud of one day. I like MaPi's approach of open-mindness in this project of which Professor's long held idea of Robin (currently running on my Cent Account) got hatched, and i believe more ideas are still going to come up.

I believe Good things gets Better with time and Best with practice. I'm running Icarus 403 on my Demo but hasn't opened any position as yet but I'm patient with it.

Your expertise in this is highly appreciated everyone, cheers!

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Ok, so you think that approach from Mr.Trader is not working?Hedging from n order, hedge will close the open first order of a cycle Profit Goal is recalculated when hedge is open so the hole cycle + hedge is closed in profit when reached Volume_Progression is getting a max_vol setting so the progression will be e.g. 1 1 2 5 8 8 8 8 8 And you are proofing your opinion with an incomplete beta version, which has just some functions of that plan (btw, thank you farzad again for that piece of code)?

Honestly, I did not calculate that, but I trust in Mr.Trader who sayed he did, and without calculating it seems a worthy try, am I wrong? How hard is it to code that logic into Icarus? When it is easy I think we should have a try to find out via backtest...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Bro, I am sure that is not easy and it hasn't been like implementing some lines to the Icarus and hedge function be made.

However, I'm still working on it in my spare time and I will do my best, to code it in a way it'll be as similar as possible to the PDF shared by mr.trader.

Adding hedge function has always been in my mind since I started trading with grid and now with help of you guys it is more capable and functional by putting our heads together to make it closer to be perfect.

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
&

Guys help me out here I got a bit confused. Till now I thought we're going to continue on progression after opening the first hedge.

Imagine we start hedging on 6th position with 8 lot volume and we are on a buying cycle where the trend is downward badly! and our hedges are being opened one after another!

Our volume is as followed:

1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5

Here the first hedge opens and we'll have:
Blue : BUY  Red : Sell

1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 8

Then:

1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8

1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8

1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8

1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8

1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8, 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8

From now on we'd have 6 positions of 8 lot buy and one sell position of 8 lot. Am I right or I just misunderstood something?

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
This is how I understand it, too, but let´s wait for Mr.Trader to confirm!

The starting point for this would be out of my view to code the part wich recalculated Profit Goal including the heding order...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Thank you for your reply !

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Success with Martingale & Hedge - Possible?
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...hedge-possible

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
The hedging method of Mr. Trader has to make a big modification of Icarus such that would rather to develop a new EA. To modify Icarus is much more difficult comparing to developing a new EA.

The against trend nature is the base of profitability of Icarus, also a dangerous to the account when price has a big move. Hedging is incompatible to the against trend trading logic. If we change the against trend nature of Icarus, then we can do hedging. However, if against trend nature of Icarus is changed, the profitability of Icarus is also lost. One just can't keep the profitability of Icarus in one hand and use hedging to prevent from crashing in another hand. Logically and theoretically, it is a dilemma cannot be solved.

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Hello, I do respect your opinion but I disagree. Hedging in a against the trend grid is never aiming for complete safty, but for more lifetime of the account (e.g. atm I can handle 250 pips of movement, with a hedge I would try to gain this distance to 500 - 750 pips, and triple so my possibility of survival).

For me personaly I will not change my style of trading agains the trend on my fun account. So yes, we could open up the next thread and discuss a new EA, but you would get the same request (against the trend, hedging), so I do not see a point to do this step.

You talk about big modifications, but when we use Farzad version what is still to do here? We need to include Hedges in the calculation of Profit goal, and add functionalyity of Hedge TP (out of my head 10 percent) and the option to stay on same volume after a certain order...

Out of your perspective, what are the next things you would add to Icarus?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Hi all,

It seems to me that nothing is achieved as desired so for. Is there any of you is serious coder and strategy holder?

Pls PM me to dicussed with and will find perfect strategy inside

Warm Regards

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
I would appreachate to have the disccussion here in the forum instead of in private mails, I think you will understand this. I am more than interested for any new ideas (except indicators, wen need to improve the core logic, indis will not help here)...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Hi Professor

I've been running Robin 1.0 on my Cent account consistently from the 01 Nov and I'm quite comfortable. What I've realised though is that, versions after 1.1 only shows buttons and the rest of the information doesn't appear even after I've engaged "show/hide comments button". Perhaps it's bug or something. If your Robin_new_2.7 version is fine could you please forward it, and if you have any new development on Robin also feel free to furnish one. Like MaPi alluded before, With or Against the trend will always be the topic in trading, that's why I'm personally proud of this thread, contributors as well as this two products up to so far. I just felt in love with hedging and it's all thanks to this thread.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Hi leratamaloke, Can you please share download ex4 link here of your Robin EA so that i can try it on demo account. Regards

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
I absolutely agree with MaPi here. At the moment I am keeping quiet and trying to learn from you, so my contribution is rather modest.

However, I would like to follow the approach, of high opportunity combined with high risk( Post1450), as well as the above mentioned longer survivable movement through the use of hedging, which the account can handle. cheers

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Hi Mmaj

It's not my work however, everything is available on the thread. Go to page 26 to access the source code, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
For later Robin version, I had removed show comments out.  So, nothing to show.

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Understood, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Looks correct, yes!

This is the idea! If we code this in that manner the EA can be stabilised.

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
I would add nothing to Icarus. It is a truth that against the trend and hedging are mutually exclusive, they can not be both exist. So, (against the trend, hedging) is a ridiculous requirement. I can, but I won't code hedging into Icarus for the purpose of refining Icarus. So far, I didn't see any sound and effect idea on this thread that can add hedging into Icarus to make it better.

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
OK, as you wish, thank you again for the work you have put into the EA and all the best to you...

Pretty sure we ill find other coders to push the project further...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
So I think that this thread is finally going in the right direction: making the grid "trend-safe". Thanks for that, as I think trying to find indicators--besides MAs and amount of ticks per second--feels like astrology rather than actual smart trading.

I don't think I understand this part properly here though.

Let's say the EA has opened order #1 (1 lot), #2 (2 lots), #3 (3 lots) and #4 (5 lots), all long positions, but the price keeps on going down. Using you guys logic, the EA would open the "hedge" which is position #5 long and #6 short, both 8 lots. And then from there, either: The price keeps on going down still. The idea would be to wait for order #6 to overcome #1 negative floating + spread + swaps to close (#1, #6) neutral or in profit. But then? If we open a new "hedge" (#7 long and #8 short, both 8 lots) and use #8 to close out #2, we actually still have #5 and #7 long with huge lots so overall we're still facing big drawdown right? The price goes back up. Here, what's the exact strategy?

Looking forward for your replies guys, as I think digging into this is the key to success.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
finally finished reading

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
It is what I mentioned, hedging cannot solve the problem. When the price continue going down the hedging orders only keep the loss in a constant speed. Eventually, soon or later, the EA will crash.

Theoretically and logically, hedging mechanism cannot be added into an against-trend grid trading EA (Icarus) to make it safer or better.

If hedging could be a solution to prevent Icarus from crashing, I would have coded hedging mechanism into Icarus and that will makes Icarus a Holy grail EA. As we already know, there is no Holy grail EA exist.

Agree or disagree won't change the fact that hedging and against-trend are mutually exclusive. If not because of this fact, Icarus could become a holy grail EA.

I can code a with-trend EA, also, I can code an against-trend EA, but I won't code an against-fact EA.

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
there could be a way, you can use more than 1 ea at 1 time, only this can't be done using back test, must be done by forward test. few times I have to use my ea to defend other's martingale counter trend ea.

easier and safer way is not to use martingale, but there could be way, because price never go in straight line, and using more than 1 ea could be better because to put everything in 1 ea may not be possible, especially when it is a martingale ea.

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
can you make it close all trades when equity is above say 1% of the current balance? then restart new trades and close all trades again when equity is above 1% of the new balance again and repeat the cycle again.

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Yes, it is a correct approach.  One can develop an EA for protecting Icarus purpose.  The protect EA can monitor Icarus and put opposite orders when Icarus is adding new orders.  When the price is bouncing back, the protect EA can close orders grid by grid.  With the protect EA, Icarus will never crash because the loss of Icarus can be balanced by the protect EA.  Also, the protect EA is an isolated EA, it won't affect the profitability of Icarus.  Only thing you have to control well is open and close orders in the protect EA.  Note that, the protect EA is not for making profit propose, it serves a protection mechanism for Icarus.

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
It is better to have two cylces (a) with the trend (b) against-trend. And allow weight to be given for each cycle.

With the trend can use from 50% to 100% of quantity lots based on your own directional bias

At the same time you may input from 0% to 50% lots for against the trend.

Using both cycles in proportionate lots will act as natural hedging.

It works well for futures traders to have facility for two symbols and quantity in the EA connected with each of the two cycles. Profit or Exit for each cycle has to be there as well.

If you want to use two symbols of same contract. Example both SP500 ES (mini ) and MES (micro) futures have different symbols but can work as natural hedge.

ES (with tick value of 1) can be with the trend and MES(10) can be for selling. In such a case you will utilise single margin of ES and thus hedging will be in effect.

It will require skills of trading.  With the Trend (for instance use it at support level) and Against the trend (say resistance level) , you may see the progress for sometimes before closing the cycle with profit and bank upon the other cycle to work as per your own bias.

Indicators can't provide you bias. This is your own skill of entering and exiting trades that will determine the profitabilty.

Why EA then? Because it executes trades expeditiously and saves lot of time in manually entering trades and does not allow you to be fickle minded and helps stick to your strategy.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
i prefer to use this version, new trade open on new candle, is your modification completed?

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
What would you think about a logic, linking starting volume of a cycle to ATR?

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
To protect all trades of Icarus I'm using Swiss Army EA just simply to adjust the Stop Loss for each trade (for example 500). So far this is successful strategy for me.

I am a big fan of Grid trading, so I would like to ask someone who can reverse the strategy of Icarus 2.2 in order to place Buys when the price going up and Sells when the price going down. I have used such EA in MT5, the result was good but ofcourse like expected the account was blown. The Icarus looks very stable ea, so I'd like to experiment in this way.

Thanks in advance and happy trading.

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Hi @MaPi

Due to EU's big downward moves in this week, my account would have blown up if I hadn't used hedge (which I made a little loss but was able to save the account t least)

I noticed in your trades that you haven't faced any inconvenience as your history shows.

Do you mind sharing your key to this success? If it is your settings it would be more than helpful if you can share it. Otherwise no push you have done many to the community.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Well, ATR only dynamically determine the grid size, and the grid size is related to the virtual SL of Icarus.  However, starting volume, I think, should depend on your account balance.  Starting volume seems independent of the grid size.

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
The original Icarus does not has a specific strategy for entering the market. The later version of Icarus I added several indicators for choosing to trigger a trade, that is, initiate a buy/sell cycle. You can use these indicators to arrange Icarus initiate a buy cycle when price going up as well as initiate a sell cycle when price is going down.

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
Hi, in Icarus 4 you have this allready, when inverting bollinger bands, cheers

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
Hey,

as reported I was liquidated mid of year, so I would not say everything was running smoothly, but I was able to recover and trading know on equity all time high this year...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The last drop in EURUSD did not effect me, due to the fact I softened my setting in reducing starting volume of my cycle (was staring with 0.10, since september staring with 0.05 lot). I still trade on a beta version of my old coder but with Ikarus 4 you can more or less have the same settings...(grid progression is 1)...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am trading on a 1:400 levergae, equity is currently 13kish, Spread ist about 0.04 pips in average, very good swap rates (getting paid for short in EURUSD e.g.) and zero margin for hedges.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
What about only one direction trade. For example: I have EG 500 pips up target and also 200s pips correction is possible (I'm sure that it will go up). So only buy. Will it make the EA more profitable?

Will it save from collapses?

Any ideas?

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
I appreciate your generosity. Thank you, bro.

About spread you meant 0.4 pip, right? I remember you said that you had a business account on your broker, but 0.04 pip spread seems dreamy to me

I use higher tp and that was an issue in such case of the last big movement. Apart from that, you use RSI High and Low on 49 and 51 which is interesting to me, and will tweak that as well to identify the market condition and avoid big moves.

One thing that was irritating, I had 4 orders opened on a huge candle on Nov 10th which was the candle on which the Long cycle (the worst) initiated by hitting the lower BB and it caused 4 first positions including 1 , 1 , 2 , 3 Lot positions to be triggered in less than 2 minutes.

An idea to avoid such behaviour is to prevent the EA from opening a certain number of orders (let's say 1) on a single candle, in order to stay safer in savage markets as much as possible.

Traders and subscribers, all contribution is definitely appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Hi this is easy to achieve by choosing in the EA "Long only" or "Short only"...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
In the new version I would use the RSI on a higher timeframe like H1, also it is interesting to invert it e.g. 40/60, so you will not start contra trading in bigger trend moves...

I mentioned a wile ago a function "tic up & down", so when we trigger a sell order it will wait for a down tick to execute preventing the EA for opening multiple orders in a fast market. Also we could think about an option setting x executions per candle, but we need to find a logic how oders will be handled if they are blocked by that rule...There are still so many things (OUTSIDE FROM HEDGING) we can bring in, so from my point of view I am very happy about all the progress we made so far but no, we are not finished yet...

Yep, my broker normaly offers 0.02 Pips + 6€/Lot or 0.08 pips, but after trading more than 584 lots starting with 5k deposit I had a good position to negotiate...So now I can choose between 0.02 + 3€/Lot or 0.04 without com, giving me an easy choice

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Hi,

Yes, I know. I wanted to say that human analysis may make the EA more profitable and not to blow the account. Obviously it depends on the capability of market understanding and analysis.

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Welcome and thank you,

A cent account on that leverage should suit Icarus well  If you have any question you are more than welcome,

From next week on I will be on vacations for 4 weeks (some Poker and some carebean feelings), I will use my free time to prepare a project for next year where I will start a Youtube channle or Facebookgroup to cover my Icarus trading + FX + Knowledge beginning next year.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Absolutly agreed, this is the reason we created the hot buttons so if you have a opinion on the market you can adjust EA... Cheers

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
Hi. The best configuration is the one you are most comfortable with, between the profit and the maximum loss you are willing to accept. Icarus is mainly intended for reversal or counter trend trading. There is no 100% profit setup, because sooner or later, the market can blow up your account.

My advice is to "play" with Ikarus. Open several demo charts, and on each one give it a different configuration and note how it behaves, it is a learning curve that you must go through, if you want to be profitable. Success!

My comment is based on my own experience and the way I trade, which is in strong and important zones, and I go only in buy or sell. I do not use the internal indicators, maybe someone else can give you some configuration to use the indicators, if that is what you intend to use.

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
@MaPi @TeChaoLiang @Farzad666 and others interested. I have a suggestion to get out of trouble (when the account, in my case to open many orders) and that I usually implement.

It is based on closing the FIRST profitable orders, with the FIRST losing orders, and the last order that goes in profit I leave it open. Why do I do this? Because many times, the market is only making a small reversal (and not a change of trend), and then continue to be overbought or oversold, if I read that it is only a small reversal, then I close the profitable orders, with the first losing orders. By eliminating the losing orders, I can lock in profits with the last one or two orders that go into profit. Sometimes I get it wrong and the market ends up going even more in my advantage, so the previous losing orders would have been recovered, but I prefer to make sure that if the price goes against me again, the previous losing orders are not even more losing.

I know that many use the internal indicators and trade both ways, but I also think that you can implement it in your way of trading, for example, closing sales when you have buys at profit. But the idea is to leave the last or the last and second to last orders with more profit open, because otherwise it would not make sense.

You could execute the closings, when you reach a certain amount of open orders, or when you reach a negative % in the account...etc. And then stop closing when you have closed X amount of orders or when you have recovered from the negative %.

I hope you get the idea. I don't currently have a real situation where I need to remove orders. But, the attached screenshot is just an example that I drew, for better understanding of how I do it.

Success!

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
If the market is only making reversal but not a change of trend, it is no problem for Icarus to handle the situation. We don't need to do anything in such situation. The problem is when a big trend occurs Icarus will crash.

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
It will be interesting to.know in somewhat details your way of trading in strong and important zones.

How do you define the zones or draw its boundaries?

What roles do you expect EA to deliver here?

Give direction bias? Set up bottom and upper play limits and calculate Entry and exit steps and re entry points? Control risks by all or any one of breakeven, trailing, equity profit or loss, margin %, varying proportion of buying and selling, by estimating retracements happening in zones?

If you put it together on the chart, it will give clarity to not only to a developer, but will also enrich your ability to attempt and get further experience.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Hello,

I will be for vacation the next 4 weeks, so please forgive me if my forum time will be rare

Promise to come back latest end of year...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
I was testing this Icarus 4.0 version using the default setting but changed the Grid_Size = 35.

Attached Image

Could someone shade me some light on why the sell order is not closed?

The profit goal is 1.57, but it is far beyond that already. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Hi, what is the progress this Icarus 4.9 version? Please give me download file to try it on my demo account.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Your Profit_lock is set to 0.3, that is, the maximum profit of the sell order is 29.75 so the profit lock = 29.75*0.3 = 8.93, when its current profit is less than 8.93 it will close the order. When the profit goal is reached, Icarus will begin to perform the profit lock process. If you set Profit_lock to a higher value, say, 0.9 or 0.8, the sell order would be closed already.

You have to aware that, the default settings never means a best or even a better settings.

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
How about we think of better instruments to use?

Some pairs are naturally ranging like AUDNZD (since AUDUSD and NZDUSD are extremely correlated) so that might be a good place to start using grid-like systems such as Ikarus.

Also, maybe there are “baskets” of pairs that together form quite ranging instruments?

And then I was thinking, maybe when Ikarus starts to go in heavy DD, it can automatically close all positions and immediately start trading on another, uncorrelated pair to recover from loss?

just tossing ideas here, I’m trying to figure out how to make this idea as robust as possible… but the more I think of it, the more I feel like instead of going with a slow and steady approach-which inevitably fails at some point-we should go with extremely aggressive ideas instead and cash out all the time? Let me know…

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
I would add, for example, rings of currency pairs (e.g., +EURUSD -GBPUSD -EURGBP) should be rather ranging overtime so those can be good synthetic instruments to grid on.

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Thank you. Understand now.

One more question. Do those entry indicators (e.g. BB, KD or RSI) only apply to the initial entry? Does it also apply to the successive grid entry?

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
They are applied to every new cycle to be initiated.

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
You mean the grid entry is only triggered when the grid step reaches regardless the trend gave us?

Wouldn't that be better if the grid entry would also adapt to the trend?

Say even though, the grid step has reached the setting value but the trend is not yet there so will not enter the grid order until the trend sync together.

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
In Icarus, grid size is only use for defining the virtual SL, when reached, it will add new orders.  The new orders are not referring to any indicators.  Indicators are only applied to trigger entering a first order of a new buy/sell cycle.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Hello traders, can someone help me please?

This is only doing one trade and stopping when it hits the trailing stop.

Have any settings I'm doing wrong?

Thanks
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Hi@all,

version 4.03 beta.

Error: OrderClose error 138

testet in euraud, nzdcad.

no Error in eurusd so far.

https://i.imgur.com/byxhy9S.png

what is the problem?

thx...and great work.

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
With which version and which settings is that?

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
Error 138 errer means Requote. The slippage too small such that the close price is not met. Icarus does not put the slippage on the settings so that trader can set the slippage. It seems use a fix slippage.

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
I hear you. I thought it would be an alternative. Thank you for responding.

It is not necessary for me to explain everything you indicate, I was only offering an alternative that seemed positive for Ikaru and for those who operate in both directions.

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
hi, How can I see your live account and your settings, i want to start from somewhere and adjust accordingly. Hope you can help me.

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Inserted Video

This indicator is able to determine whether a price curve is in ranging or trending phase.
I would need all you guys help to rethink Icarus logic using this indicator:At initialization, select the "optimal pair" to start the next buy/sell cycles. This optimal pair would be the one with low spread, high pip value, and that has been ranging for not too long, assuming the market alternates between trending and ranging phases.We could think of a way to score each pair with a formula that involves pip value, spread, whether the instrument has red news incoming, and then a "ranging" index that equals 1 when the pair starts ranging and decays exponentially to 0 overtime. Also, naturally ranging pairs such as AUDNZD should be preferred.  Then, Icarus would start the regular buy/sell cycles on the selected instrument. When done (supposedly in profit overall), close and restart from step 1 (scan the market, find the best pair to trade on, repeat).If all pairs are trending for some reason, or not in satisfying conditions to engage, then hold for X minutes and try again. In case of drawdown going over a certain threshold, we can stop and realize a loss.

This would make it so that we avoid trending situations as much as possible. Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Did you even read my post…

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
Hi TeChaoLiang,

Can you please use grid size space to draw Maximum Drawdown Zone based on the tolerance level in Pips or Points input by the user to enable continuation of trend?

User inputs

(a) Maximum Positions drawdown for tolerance

(b) Maximum pips/points for each position.

(c) Price Level to hold for maximum drawdown

(d) Drawdown cooling or buffer pips distance to tolerate drawdown for the pullback to happen and continue.

Risk control measurement

(d) Trade with compounding and discounting simultaneously. Requires less capital. How much, let EA calculate virtual capital either in total pips or total amount.

(e) Trade with no compounding (use maximum positions at once) but with discounting (when managing with partial profits from selling). Requires more capital.

Let EA calculate it

Example:

1. 10 maximum Buy limit (or buy stop) positions are traded at one time at price level of 1.10 price and TP marked at 20 pips. Probable TP = 10 x 20 pips = 200 pips. Drawdown risk: 10 pips for each pip movement in price level going downwards.

2. User defines 1.00 price level as reasonable cooling period to tolerate drawdown.

3. User defines 0.95 as price level to act as buffer distance ends.

Trigger proportionate hedging by selling 1 position at a time.

4. Please use discounting formula to calculate positions required to manage drawdown and reach a point of liquidation where profit starts accumulating from

the selling of partial trades enough to offset the drawdown arising from Buying. I am not sure it could be 40 or 50 positions or more to reach this level.

At this point drawdown risk is offset by selling generating partial profits.

Simulating same scenario using compounding (scaling up) for Buying and discounting for Selling (scaling down), the capital required will be substantially less. Let EA calculate it.

On the whole, it is important to calculate risk money before trading

(a) Hedge with Equal positions of 10 at price level 0.95 (giving chance for the trend to pullback and continue in buy direction). The drawdown will be completely locked at pip difference between 1.10 to 0.95 . It is to buy time temporarily . Not a favored solution for inexperienced traders.

(b) Hedge proportionally using Grid starting at price level 0.95 at a distance of 100 points for 1 position with TP of 100 points for maximum of 20 positions. If after starting entry just for 1 position, the pullback happens, then the drawdown for buy will be from 1.10 to 0.95 and if the trend continues in favored direction, the drawdown will start getting reduced though TP until 10 positions hitting TP (calculated between 1.10 to and 1 positions hitting loss. Ideal situation. At most, only 1 hedged position will create drawdown. Compounding in a way works here.

If buying continuation does not happen, then discounting by selling should work. Let EA calculate at what point discounting will offset Drawdown happening from Buying.

Entry can be by any indicator RSI or BB or Moving Average, support and resistance levesl or by discretionary/manual trading.

Important is risk control.

Once EA tells you what could be the maximum risk you face, then if you have sufficient financial resources, trade it. Or drop it if your pockets are small enough not to take such a risk.

https://www.sapling.com/12115675/rel...ng-compounding

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
This is a new EA. I'll consider to implement it. However, I don't like to code the part of drawing something on the chart. But, I think every thing you mentioned can be calculated by the EA. Also, because you have mentioned hedge, therefore the EA should be a with-the-trend grid trading EA.

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
Yes, you got it perfect.

EA should be with-the-trend grid .

Drawing the chart was my idea to explain/clarify the process that I had in my mind but I guess you already know it even without looking at the drawing.

That's great.

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
Hi TeChaoLiang, could you please implement that Ikaru does not close all orders on all charts, when the option: "Account_Risk" is reached ? That you can manage the risk, per currency pair. In this way, I could risk the capital per chart, or implement some option of maximum pips, and if it reaches it, it closes all the orders of a chart. I would appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
When you run Icarus on different charts with a same symbol, you have to change the magic number of Icarus for different charts. This way, Icarus won't close all orders on all charts. When an EA of some chart first found Account_Risk is reached, the EA will close all orders of the chart it's on only. If after orders of this chart has been closed and the Account_Risk is still reached, then another EA of another chart found it and another EA will also close all orders from the chart it belongs. I suggest you also arrange different Account_Risk value for different charts. This way, you can risk the capital per chart. You have to aware that no matter how many charts you are running Icarus, if you use a same Account_Risk setting then the Account_Risk is reached on one chart, it will be reached on every charts, because all charts are in a same account.

To proper manage you capital risk, the best way is separate your capital into different accounts because Account_Risk is calculated by account not by chart and not depend on EA. There is no way to implement Icarus to met your requirement.

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Thank you very much TeChaoLiang for the answer. I will have to be vigilant the "magic number " before opening any new transaction with Ikaru.

I understand you. The reason why I want to do the "Account_Risk" calculation separately between each chart, is because I don't want to close those trades that are in profit, because of another chart that is in loss. It happened to me before and I wanted to prevent such a situation. Sometimes I prefer to close and wait for the next market opportunity, while other charts are in profit.

Thank you for your help.

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
I have found in my forward manual testing that using double grid for scalping or day trading for moderately trending or range trending bias using pullbacks/retracements for buy limit orders for beakout and accumulating positions by setting up scalping grids on both buy and sell sides just using TP without SL controls risk very well and is good for any trader having no bias for direction. Have to monitor the equity account constantly.

Margin used is lesser and TP has to be achieved by manually closing all trades and have to totally avoid attracting margin call by not closing any one side first.

Traders having bias for a side moving more than the other side say for each market price move the market moves by 75% for buy and 25% for sell, then grid distances from Entry price for buy and sell can not be equal. Those have to be planned seaparately.

For instance 75 pc may be converted into 7 pips TP for each trade and accumulation distance for pullback should be 5 pips. Sell should start at a distance of 75 pips from entry price and then take TP at each price decrement of 7 pips and accumulate at each pullback of 3 or 4 or 5 or 6 pips depending on the user's estimate of how long this moderate trend will last.

Essentially three zones are to be drawn linked with start entry price (which could be market price or any price chosen). A zone where you think market would get weakened. Another zone where the market will be active. Third zone will be for drawdown risk management if you have conviction in your bias and you want to take risk by closing buy or sell selectively using close all buys or sells with profit or loss.

If have neutral bias, then close all with equity profit or loss is good enough.

Broker has to have hedging platform. Netting brokers have to have two different symbol for same index for the double grid to work .

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Running into drawdown up to 25% is easier to recover. Estimating the risk of Pullback causing a drawdown is important to know.

Example: Knowledge of running a drawdown of full positions (by trading 10 positions at once) and recovering it ( may be trading 20 positions by trading a a grid) is the key to risk management .

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Can somebody share set file for both Icarus and Robin... Somebody that has been forward testing it for sometime. I know you have to set to your own settings, But i hope someone can share an optimized set file.

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Icarus is a very powerful tool. It will do exactly what you set it to do. The best way to get started is to run hundreds of live demo tests on different settings so that you can get a feel for the power and danger of this potent tool. You will not want to go live with a real account until you understand and feel at an intuitive level what can happen while operating on diverse settings and encountering a wide range of market behavior.

I think Mapi included a screenshot of his base set file on page one of this thread.

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Hi Dudes,

While chilling on the carbean beach I was thinking a bit about the EA today.

I will start doing YouTube Videos documenting my flight with Icarus in 2022, my goal is to finish in the top ten of trading systems here at Forexfactory.com so from begin of next year my performance will be disclosed fully to everyone on this beautiful forum. Most likely I will start with 3K having some reverse troops aside after winning this year 9kish with Icarus. I will use the latest forum version, front test is running since 6 weeks...

I would love to do some changes, and no, they are not about hedging (though I still think we could benefit the EA with it). I think about the function "chasing profit" wich in my eyes does not fit the EA at the moment.

I like to run the EA with a high profit lock, so the function as it stands does not benefit my style. Therefore I have the following suggestion:

When EA is closing a cycle lets open via the function a new cycle in the same direction then the closed cycle (in other words with the trend). Starting volume should be set by a new input, refering to the n volume of the closed cycle (e.g. 1/1/2/3/5/8 Was closed, n is 4, so our chasing profit cycle will start with 2). If the closed order has less orders the n there will be no profit chasing. Optimum would be to make a partial close of the old cycle, n would be left and handled as profit chasing so we do not have to pay spread and/or commission again, but if this is to hard to Code I would be fine with opening new order for the chasing cycle.

Also I would suggest an new input for profit goal and profit lock for chasing profit cycle.

When the chasing profit cycle is close, the EA should wait for the next trigger, so a chasing profit cycle, who is closed, does not trigger a new chasing profit cycle.

I woul realy appreciate if this would be coded, Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Hi, send me the indicator and I will think it over, cheers

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Hi again, running some BT on my remote, finding out if we could hedge Icarus with a second EA, same account, using invert fuction, one with and one against trend...What is your opinion, is this worth trying? Cheers

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
Not bad this idea, which version do you run? Because my verision (time scheduled trading is working) 4.1 have a mistake in trading with inverted indicators - it always opens positions in booth directions as I invert the indicator signal... Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
Hello. I was testing out the 4.31 version.

Could someone let me know how the ATR value was used to determine the dynamic grid size?

Will the ATR always be updated for each new cycle?

In my backtest, it seems the ATR value was based on the moment when I just start the test.

So this value wasn't updated for each new cycle.

Am I correct here? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Here is the setting.

ATR Multiplier = 5. The screen shows Grid Size = 30, throughout the entire backtest period.

Attached Image

I also change the ATR multiplier = 10.  Then the grid size becomes 60, throughout the entire backtest.
Attached Image

That's why I am wondering if the ATR will be updated for each cycle. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
Another strange part in 4.31 version, if use ATR as grid size. It seems the take profit becomes a strange value. At least, the screen shows like this.
Attached Image

Take profit = 15.428571.... looks like was calculated.

Is it supposed to be like this?

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
double ATR_Grid_Size()

{

int digits, scale=10000;

digits = (int)MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS);

if (digits == 3 || digits == 2) scale = 100;

if (Use_ATR) return ((int)round(ATR_Multiplier*scale*iATR(Symbol(),ATR_tf,ATR_Period,ATR_shift)));

else return grid_size;

}

Above is the source code of function ATR_Grid_Size(), the code is only suit for currency pairs.  If want to for any symbols, you have to find the PIP value of  those symbols and change  (int)round(ATR_Multiplier*scale*iATR(Symbol(),ATR_tf,ATR_Period,ATR_shift)) to (int)round(ATR_Multiplier*iATR(Symbol(),ATR_tf,ATR_Period,ATR_shift)/PIP)

Indicator ATR will calculate the average true range in point unit.  Different TF, Period will bring you different average.  Normally, ATR for larger TF will larger than smaller TF ATR.  Smaller period will reflect the volatility near to the current moment.   For instance, ATR(1) means the actual range of the given K bar depend on the shift value.  Because Icarus prefer a ranging market, the ATR multiplier should not be large than 1, perhaps 0.2 or 0.3 is a proper setting.

ATR is also can be used to determine the take profit value, for the same reason, it should not be larger than ATR value.

if (Use_ATR) {

grid_size = ATR_Grid_Size();

take_profit = 0.9*ATR_Grid_Size()/ATR_Multiplier;

Above is ATR used in Icarus, perhaps 0.9 of take_profit is a little large, you can modify it in the source code and recompile the EA.

Yes, you are correct, because I put the ATR in the part of Icarus code that will only be executed at the EA start for once.

if(isFirstStartLoop)

{

if(AccountCurrency()=="EUR")

ter_currencySymbol="€";

if(MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS)==4 || MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS)==2)

{

slippage=user_slippage;

ter_chartMultiplier=1;

}

else if(MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS)==5 || MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_DIGITS)==3)

{

ter_chartMultiplier=10;

slippage=ter_chartMultiplier*user_slippage;

}

// do we have any data from previous session?

ReadIniData();

debugCommentStat+="\nNew program start at "+TimeToStr(TimeCurrent());

if (Use_ATR) {

grid_size = ATR_Grid_Size();

take_profit = 0.9*ATR_Grid_Size()/ATR_Multiplier;

}

isFirstStartLoop=false;

}

If you like each cycle the ATR can be recalculated, you can move the ATR part out and put it to some where you like.

However, it is not so appropriate that let the ATR recalculated at every iteration of tick changed.  That will confuse the grid trading logic.  The better approach is to put it in the block that a new cycle be initiated, that is, at the buys=0 and sells=0 part.

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
Hi Guys! Very cool EA, works great for me, but i don't get it running on DE30/DE40. I always get a divided by zero error. I already tried the settings from page 66, but it did not help. Also 2000 points distance is very far for DAX daytrading I think?

Any help?

Thanks guys!

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Show the error message. I think the problem is from your broker. There are expression in Icarus will be divided by tick value for calculating the MaxLoss or ticksbyprice. When Icarus obtain the Tick Value from your broker, it get a zero in return, then the divided by zero occurs. Normally, no matter what symbols are, the tick value should not be zero. Most EAs will use tick value to calculate somethings. Perhaps your broker deliberately set tick value to zero to prevent any EA running on some specific symbols. Zero tick value won't affect manual trading but will stop EAs running.

Try to use the script attached to see whether or not your broker deliberately give you a zero tick value.

Attached File(s)   MarketInfo.ex4

7 KB
|
205 downloads

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Hi, what are your thoughts on my idea of improving chasing profits? Cheers

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Hi Andi, I am on 4.31, cheers...On your PM: I do still hope we have or find coders here willing to improve the EA. If not I will go on in private to improve it, will let you know...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Thank you TechaoLiang.

I add an extern variable, TP_Multiplier,  to replace that 0.9 value in the take_profit calculation to provide some flexibility.

extern double TP_Multiplier = 0.9; //TP Multiplier (Ratio of ATR)

and

take_profit = TP_Multiplier*ATR_Grid_Size()/ATR_Multiplier;

The setting becomes:
Attached Image

However, I haven't figured out where to put that ATR_Grid_Size calculation so it can be updated whenever a new cycle start (no buy cycle and no sell cycle exist).

Do you mean to put it in the INIT VARS block?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I did move it, anyway. The ATR grid size and TP value is actually updated very often. I wonder if I put it at the right place.

Any suggest? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
ATR option for Icarus is for dynamic determination of grid size and virtual tp. But in this case, ICARUS with ATR turned on is not effective. Now i understand that when i do different dates on backtest with very long period, sometimes it has good results, and sometimes it has really bad results, since the determination of atr and tp is done only once.

I am personally not a coder, but i love this EA. I hope Mr. Mapi or Mr. TeChaoLiang can update the sourcecode and generate new ex4.

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Well done.  You did a correct work on this part.

The place you are putting will cause the TP and grid size change every tick changed.  That is too frequently.

If you want to recalculate ATR when a new cycle is initiated, you should put the code here:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and here
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Well, I think perhaps do a partial closing of the profitable cycle is a better approach. That is, when a profitable cycle reach a new max_profit, instead of doing profit lock, we can do a sequence of order close of orders in that cycle. How to select orders to be closed from the cycle and will any new order to be added at this moment still under discussing, for example, maybe from the lot size on, choosing the positive profit one and a negative profit one as a pair, perform partial close or closeby function if the broker allow. This will make orders stay in the cycle are all positive profit orders.

To the suggestion of open a new profit chasing cycle will be more sophisticate. Because in addition to original buy/sell cycles, Icarus will has two more cycles to manage.

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Thanks. Update successfully. Here is the source code. FYI.

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Right, let's collect some ideas from all here on this, think the EA will benefit a lot from this...Come back after making some thought, cheers

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Hello again, i tried the marketinfo EA and everything went well!

I'm just trying to figure out how to use it on the DAX in the strategy tester. Unfortunately my Demo account does not support testing on indices, only on some pairs.

Attached you can find the error message.

I want to say thank you to all of you. I'm not good in programming, unfortunately and I am also not good in giving advice on the trading bot. But all i can tell you from backtesting and using the EA since a couple of weeks now, is that this is really, really good work and it is not self-evident, that you share your hard work with us!!

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
It seems that your broker give you a wrong point value. Normally, the point value should not be zero. Try to use marketinfo to check whether or not the point=0.

When using MarketInfo() to obtain the point value from the server of your broker:
ter_point=MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_POINT);

and the server give you a zero return, Icarus will encounter a divided by zero error when calculate:

buy_tar=aux_tp_buy/(buy_pip/ter_point);

The point of DAX should be 0.1 not 0.

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
As promised I set my account on public and attached it here to the forum. I will stop trading in the next days for this year, make a withdrawal and start begin of next year again. My goal is to hit the top ten real account trading systems here at FF, will do so with the latest version of Icarus but may switch if we bring out an updated version with new functionality.

Most likely I will start with 3K having 6K behind (so if needed I am willing to invest my total 2021 profit), will choose a setting which had max DD in 2021 in the area of 3K, so the start will be very aggressive...If I survive the begin I will try to reduce risk on not alway adjusting starting volume...

I will not give you my exact settings because backtesting is key to trade Icarus on a real account, but 2021 they produced a profit factor in the area of 3ish, 0.01 Lot produced a Max DD of 300ish € and I am using a multi timeframe approach (M1/H1) to open the cycles.

Also I may use hot buttons and more than one EA setting at the same time. Maybe I will add other currency but will start on EURUSD, 1:400 standard account...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
GBPUSD TF 1M

Year: 2020-2021

Initial lot size: 0.05

DD is huge, but sizing intial lot size or adding more money to the account will likely solve the issue. Results might be better if used hot buttons.

Now testing 2021-2022

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
Congratulations

But I have a few questions

1. Which version are you using?

2. The value in the upper right corner is only 25%! Wouldn't the error be large?

Sorry, my English was translated using Google

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
Partial closing of orders with profit is a good risk measure.

Further you can have a choice of re-entering positions if pullback/retracements continue to hit old positions from where partial closing was done.

In my experience, I have generated up to 50 repeat trades from a single point when during prolonged consolidation, the price point is repeatedly going up and down and hitting pullback/retracement points.

It is a cycle like: Take profit, go back to the entry point, add new position, go for profit and keep repeating this cycle .

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Hello Folks. Just wondering about the parameter setting of the Bolinger Band.

Attached Image

In MT4, the setting can be applied to Close, Open, High, Low etc.
Attached Image

What is that ASK_Bid will be applied to?

My apology for the silly question. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
Hi, its about trigger criteria, Ask Bid means they need to be outside, high low means a cycle can be opend when inside as long as e g. High Was outside...cheers

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
Suppose the current value of BB upper line is BBU and of BB lower line is BBL.

ASK BID means when current Ask < BBL will trigger a buy signal and when Bid > BBU will trigger a sell signal.

High Low means when current LOW < BBL will trigger a buy signal and when HIGH > BBU will trigger a sell signal.

Above is normally use BB indicator.

when you check Invert Trigger to be true, then

ASK BID means when current Ask > BBU will trigger a buy signal and when Bid < BBL will trigger a sell signal.

High Low means when current LOW > BBU will trigger a buy signal and when HIGH < BBL will trigger a sell signal.

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
great robot! Thanks to the authors and who supported it, thanks a lot for being in open source!

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Thank you for the explanations. I understand it now. In the beginning, I thought that option is for users to select what the BB calculation be applied to.

After reading the code, I see the EA applies the BB to the close price.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
Excellent EA! Many thanks to TeChaoLiang, kitpu, MaPi and all others.

The ATR functions are very helpful in order to establish a flexible and adaptable grid.

Unfortunately I am not a programmer.

Therefore I kindly ask if someone please could add the function "one trade per candle" and a dropdown-menu for the "candle time-frames"?

Thank you.

Georg

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
I am not a coder, but just wondering:

1) Wouldn't the "time frame" setting in the EA already provides the "candle time-frames"?

It has current, M1, M5, M15, M30, H1, H4, etc.

2) What is the purpose of "one trade per candle"?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Hi Farzad,

Have you further developed your hedging function for Icarus? During my back testing, most of the time it works, but there are instances that it cannot handle the multiple cancellation of hedge trade and normal trade... This has lots of potential and The hedging function of this version should be integrated to the latest Icarus with recently fixed ATR computation to be dynamic every cycle.

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
Honestly, I deal with many things at the moment and couldn't work more on the Icarus. However, I worked on some points mentioned in the thread but I haven't shared them so far.

So now it is time to share until we can come up with sustainable conclusions and make Icarus fly higher.

ICARUS 4.0.4 Beta

updates:

I added a simple money management method to multiply the min_lots based on the account's equity just for my backtests to observe clearer results.
xk equity => x * 0.01 Lot
Attached Image

I also added a capability that doesn't let the EA open multiple positions on a big candle OR a big movement but didn't limit it to a candle. I decided to make it more customizable and prevent the ea from opening a new position in a certain amount of TIME.

This function doesn't affect orders number 1 and 2. It is for the 3rd position of the cycle and the next ones (3,4,5,6,...)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.0.4_beta.ex4

175 KB
|
269 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.0.4_beta.mq4

274 KB
|
470 downloads

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Thank you for considering my question, kitpu.

And sorry for not being clear on my issue:

With "one trade per candle" I mean a position can open ONLY at the opening of any bar/candle.

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
These functions are not difficult to be added. However, they are meaningless to Icarus. Firstly, Icarus doesn't care whatever the timeframe is on your chart that is running Icarus, that's why the dropdown-menu for the time frame is meaningless. Also, a position can be opened at the opening at the opening of any candle is meaningless to a grid trading EA such as Icarus. To make a position be opened at the beginning of a given candle depends on what time frame you choose. M1 means open position only at minute begin, M5 means every 5 minute begin, 5, 10, 15, ..., M15 means every 15 minute begin, 15, 30, 45, 0, and so on. Open positions at some specific time is not match the trading logic of Icarus.

The functions you mentioned can be applied to some trading strategy, such as "Trading Made Simple," but not for Icarus.

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Agreed, this is mainly what I am doing using the hot buttons when I have time to monitor prices or I have an opinion on the market. Question is, how can we automate this giving us the extra $ but ensuring cycle will be closed at some point...

So it might be better to think about a chasing profit logic (so we have the old logic still in play and can trigger the new one via this function) and I think TeChao is right, closing out winners and loosers so we just keep positive positions wich we can trail with the trend might be the best option for this feature...

So it will be kind of the default logic, but if we can keep only winners after closing out e.g. highest profit and all loosing positions we are able to work with a proper distance on trailing stop to ride the trend. In other words we would use the logic of Icarus to create us "freerolls" with the trend...

We got give this a start option saying, e.g: Chase profit when cycle has less/more than x orders or Chase profit when margin percentage is lower/ higher x (still like the old idea of involving margin percentage in the EA)...

Thoughts?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
I happy to know that Icarus is the excellent EA for forex pair. have invested lot many hours, week, months so far.. daily my time is investeing in all type of version to get the best result...I am sharing my view is ICARUS 2.2 is the best in all bcz that given limit less profit.. but  should control drawdown... got unexpected good result in various pairs... Thanks to all who is trying their try for improvement. Keep it up..

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
I was not talking about manual intervention or using Buttons.

Automated trading approach needs clarity to map out the whole process and make rules that an EA can understand and execute.

Building Grid pending order set up needs

(a) Start Price (normally it is market price) for Buying Limit

(b) Top Price ( TP) , above market. Profit Zone. Grid stops after exiting with take profit.

(c) Bottom Price (BP) below market and below TP. Drawdown zone. Grid gets stuck here if pullbacks cease .

(d) Accumulation steps for drawing the grid

What I am suggesting is setting up of a micro grid (PPT) or partial profit zone between the Profit Zone and Drawdown zone to take partial profits

It is in PPT grid rinse and repeat cycle will take place. Ideal trading environment is sideways/ consolidation/mild trending only.

In PPT zone after take partial profit, pullback takes you back to the entry point, adds new position and the cycle continues as long as the pullback keeps touching the past entry price and generating buy orders.

It is easier to construct rules for EA to execute trading where orders would be repeatedly put back when the pullback touches the original order placed .

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
A pity ... but well, after all it is your EA. Thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
can anyone upload some optimization settings with solid B/T?

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Hi, everything 2.2 is doing can be also done with the other versions...Out of interest, can you send us some settings and bt samples? Cheers

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
No, Icarus is NOT my EA. I even never run it on my demo account. I have my against the trend grid trading EA and performs better than Icarus (See attached image).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I know how Icarus works and only share my knowledge of Icarus.

If you like to have a dropdown-menu, you can put an indicator on your chart such as attached, then you have you want.
Attached File(s)   MQLTA MT4 Currency Strength Matrix.ex4

85 KB
|
344 downloads

If you like every first order of a cycle can be opened at the time candle begin of specific time frame, that will make a little sense, but for every positions it make no sense.

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
I hope everyone has a Merry Christmas and happy holidays.

See you in the next year and stay safe from the Covid virus

Cheers

MJK

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Hey, is it Robin or do you have a new toy  ?

I wish you would honour your work a little bit more, everyone here is still thankful for your efforts...And Icarus is able to outperform the result you have shown here...Look:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But I do not think there is right/wrong/worse/better, there are only consequences, ALWAYS

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
Dear friends, fellows and also haters,

I wish you all a merry Xmas and a happy start into the new year!

Inserted Video

Peace

...and CHEEEERRRRSSSS...!

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
I HAVE LOT MANY PROOF WHERE U CAN EARN FORM ICARUS 2.2, WHICH MAKE U SURPRISE... .!

IF ANY ONE HAVE SET FILE FOR ICARUS 2.2 & ANY OTHER VERSION, PL. DO SHARE HENCE, I CAN CHECK.

MY TESTING FOR LONG TERM, LESS DRAWDOWN IS AS UNDER

IF I TEST FOR 6 MONTHS, THEN MY TOTAL OVERDRAWN SHOULD NOT BE MORE THEN 2 MONTH EARNING. ( i.e monthly ROI is 5 % total drawdown should not be 10%, max 15%) ENCLOSED XLS FILE FOR INFORMATION,THIS IS TEST REPORT OF GBPUSD -M5- FOR 6.6 MONTHS ( PERIOD 01.06.2021 TO 22.012.2021) .

Every day i go to Forum and check updation for Icarus.

If any one can guide me ICARUS which VERSION suitable for trading & SET FILE for xauusd , xagusd ( I am very much intrested )

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
this IS GOOD, BUT AS PER ME MY CALCULATION YOUR DRAW-DOWN SHOULD NOT BE MORE THAN YOUR CAPITAL INVESTEDIF INVESTED 1000$ YOUR TOTAL DRAW DOWN IS MAX TO 50% OF YOUR CAPITAL INVESTMENT ....

MY SUGGESTION

IN THIS CASE U CAN REDUCE THE QTY OR INCREASE CAPITAL INVESTMENT , THEN CHECK EVERY MONTH ON MONTH AND THEN UR ACCT WILL NOT WASHED OUT.

FOR INFORMATION ENCLOSING MY CHECKING PROCESS

DUE TO WHICH I AM ABLE TO GENERATE GOOD PROFIT IN SAFE MODE.

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
this is from which version of icarus, can share the set file & which pair .

Waiting.

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Would you mind uploading these backtesting settings?

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
Will do so next week, but this is just one of many possible settings for 4.3...cheers

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Can you please upload the latest version of your Robin EA?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
As attached.

Attached File(s)   Robin_new_2.7.ex4

150 KB
|
484 downloads
Attached File(s)   Robin_new_2.7.mq4

234 KB
|
824 downloads

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
Hello. Happy Holidays. Thanks for uploading Robin. Just wondering for few questions:

1) Could you please advise where to find/download the "4TF HMA arrows alerts.ex4" that was used in the 4TF HMA trigger?

2) What are the trigger conditions of CoG?

I haven't used CoG before. I see there are cog_sql (for buy) and cog_sqh (for sell) in the code.

Is cog_sql the value 4 or value 5 shown in the indicator data window?

3) What are the trigger conditions of 4TF HMA?

4) Is ATR grid also dynamically updated for each new cycle or only updated once after EA started?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
Hello everyone and happy holidays!

while I was backtesting the expert advisor I thought how powerful it would be if a setting was added to Icarus 2.2 that allows it to close a position on the one below or above, for example if the bot opens two SELLs and the price arrives at the one below automatically closes the one above, and maybe if you open only one position it is based on a Take Profit

Thanks, I look forward to your reply.

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
yes, I WILL

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
1) Attached are the 4TF HMA triggering indicator.

Attached File(s)   4TF HMA arrows alerts.ex4

98 KB
|
307 downloads
Attached File(s)   4TF HMA arrows alerts.mq4

31 KB
|
408 downloads

2) cog_sql is value 3 and cog_sqh is value 2.

3) As attached codes.
Attached Image
4) ATR will be applied to each virtual SL or TP when calculated.  That is, it is very sensitive and dynamic.

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Hi TeChaoLiang,

Can you please make a semi-automated EA version of Robin that draws double grid based on following market conditions for HEDGING purpose only

(a) Strong trending - NO HEDGING

(b) Moderate trending

(c) Sideways (shuttling between support and resistance)

(d) Sideways drift (compressed moves)

An automated EA can also be used to enter (b), (c) after any indictor or logic has identified Strong Candles losing momentum speed. Strictly to enter after Big Candles have slowed down after trending has hit peak or bottom.

What Traders have to do:

1.

Estimate Exit by pips size of TP or SL based on volatility statistics for all four market conditions

Estimate Exit by Bars Numbers or Timeframe based on News time/Open/Close Hours

Trader to select Timing based on a view (formed by using indicators or not).

Trader can make an educated Guess. EA can't do that using any of the technical indicators that easily.

EA can do for (a) Strong Trending: UP/DOWN: Use Buy/Sell Limit (accumulate by pullback) + Buy/Sell Stop (providing further thrust to buying/selling ).

2. Hedge or not?

Hedge provides natural risk management by setting up double grid without the use of breakeven or trailing stop. Only required utilities for Equity loss or profit controlled by Close all or close with profit or close with loss.

Ideal for (b), (c) and (d) conditions. Not for (a) which needs independent risk management by the use of Breakeven, Trailing Profit, Margin% lock (equity loss stop or profit equity increase exit)

If hedging is allowed by the broker platform, then buy and sell can be done for same symbol.

If hedging is not allowed (FIFO or Netting) , find symbols of same asset that can be used in opposite direction

3. Trader wanting to do natural hedging without depending upon locking or unlocking has to take a firm view on Timing

(b), (c), (d)

4. For natural hedging, EA makes risk management easier by counting increase or decrease in equity and exiting by Close All, Close with Profit, Close with Loss linked to Margin% increase or decrease.

(b) ,(c) and (D): Use Buy Limit +Sell Limit for UP direction. and for DOWN direction use BUY Stop + SELL stop

User has to take a firm view on how to use Support and Resistance, Fibos, BBs, MAs, Envelopes, Boxes, etc. Key will be the location of the grid or distance between

the high low range. It needs some planning as to a middle point where prices are likely to turn.

If trader decides to time it by entering via EA, then EA can use any of suitable technical indicators. Though my preference is for the trader to watch chart and then decides the likely points of exhaustion after determining the Range to be traded.

Second phase will involve setting up of Partial Profit Trading for Double grid.

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Hello.

If the martingale function is added to the expert, its profitability can be increased.

Please ask friends to do this if possible.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Martingale function is already in Icarus.  Set the progression to 2, it is Martingale.

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
QUENTION TO LAST POST ICARUS 4.31 ATR

Progression faction

1 is non cumulative ?

2 is cumulative ?

Like 3 ?, 4?

Any more option is their.

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Please see the 1st post.

gs_progession: Factor to expand grid_size0 = Disabled, all orders will have the same distance 1 = Distance between orders will grow 1/2/3/4/5… (D’Alembert) 2 = Distance between orders will grow 1/2/4/8/16…(Martingale) 3 = Distance between orders will grow 1/1/2/3/5…(Fibonacci)

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
Can you tell us the settings for this please?

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
yes, i did and test result is excellent... Can u imagine how much  like this

icarus 4.31-eg(cumm)- f4u-m5-7m-1k-211%roi-365%md-52%ad-10sprd-super duper-271221

1ooo$ became 15836 in 7months -- but i am not happy with maximal drawdown is 365% hence qty will make 0.01 to 0.05.. Will earn less but it will be safe and secured for 7month check... Bcz my test says , maximal dd should not be more then 30% of capital invested...

As per me

1.option is instead of 1000$ its should be 5000$ acct

2. Reduce lot size   0.05 to 0.01 checked , in  that case per month will earn   roi 42% &  75% maximal dd, ad is just 11% look good

this is for information sent.

Pl do suggest me how maximal drawdown can be reduce ?

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
Hello again, can't apply the EA to the chart?

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
Can you please tell us your settings on the backtest?

or maybe send the set-file?

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
Share your strategy test report including your settings.  BTW, your testing quality is not good enough, how did you prepare your history testing data?

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
Hello to all,

it came to my attention the Super Trend indicator. Maybe it can be included in Icarus or Robin for chasing the trend.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
how it can be improve ? Any suggestion ?

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Sending herewith

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Read post 1, cheers

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Increase grid size will reduce the DD.  Also, run B/T on M1 period will give you a more accurate result.

Use TickStory to prepare your history tick data and make the spread can be reflect to the Bid and Ask when running B/T.

If you ignore the spread in B/T, you will get a very exciting too good to be true result but totally not realistic.

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
ok,

my testing in b/t in h4...more bcz less data avilable in m1 time frame period:  3months,6months maximum period i check. With near about running current spread,

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
This is my front test with my new setting I most likely will start my challenge in 2022...Volume will be higher a little higher, lol...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I expect a little outperforming on real account due to the fact my conditions I am trading on are better than demo spread of my broker (one of the nice things of grid trading, I traded so much volume it was easy to negotiate) and also because of the use of hot buttons.

Here is a quick and dirty BT with 0.7 pips (reflecting swaps):

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Will make my first YouTube Video hopefully untill end of week (only a hyperlapsed visual BT) and let you know YT Link when done, planing on weekly videos in English) starting from begin of next year. Videos will cover performance, knowledge and insight on Forex, Trading and off course the EA. Due to the fact I will try to hit the top 10 of Real Trading accounts here in FF (account is allready attached here) I ask for your understanding I will not disclose the settings, will use Icarus 4.31 for the start...

Will start with next to 4K €, having K as emergency fund behind (so max. I can loose the winnings of 2021 giving me a complete freeroll for 2022) on a 1:400 leverage in EURUSD, average spread will be 0.5 pips/no commission and tight swaprates (paying allready now on shorts in my favour)...

I am aware I could loose my 2022 winnings from EA when entering the challenge, biggest risk will be a higher DD than in 2021 BT on the beginning of trading (this is why I will hold 5k behind) and - off course - a doomsday DD. Happy to accept those risks and let Icarus fly, I may change starting volume of cycle to reflecting my risk appetite on the jouney, most likely starting aggressive and calming it down when account runs up and 2022 goes on...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
This is great . thanks.

Please - if possible, explain about some of the items that I have shown in the photo.

Tell me what they do?
Regards.

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
3 of them are explained in post 1...last option is starting both cycles when indicator trigger is used...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
GS_Progression is set grid size progression. 0 means keep the same size, 1 means 1, 2, 3, ..., 2 means 1, 2, 4, 8,..., 3 means 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8.

Account_Risk use to control account risk, value from 0 to 1.  If set to 0.3 means when equity is less than the account balance by 30% of account balance will close all orders and stop.

Show_Forecast 0 or 1, 1 means show the forecast information on the chart.

Initiate Both Cycle When Indicators is used means when indicators triggering a trade will initiate both buy and sell cycle.  Original Icarus does not use indicators for triggering trade, it just beginning with both cycles at the same time.  Select false, buy and sell cycle will be initiated separately.

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Thank you very much.
For the great expert and for your helpful description

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Thank you very much.
For the great expert and for your helpful description

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
What version of Icarus did you use for this BT? And can you share your set file? Are you using the updated ATR code? I am asking, because the recently fixed dynamic ATR is a good breakthrough, we just need to determine sweet spot for setting dynamic range and tp multiplier. I have been doing some tests and they have very good BT results.

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
ICARUS  4.31ATR OR ANY OTHERS ICARUS.

Is it necessary to upload indicators to MT4 before start EA for DEMO or LIVE ? bcz various indicators are mention in EA... hence all to be installed for that particular pair ? or it is inbuilt... pl do guide me.....

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
This is done with Icarus 4.31...I was not able to check out the ATR version untill now, so I will stay with this version for the moment...I might switch to annother version when I see a plus for me...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Here you go:

Inserted Video

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
No. The indicators are all built in.

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
I was just thinking ,looking below mentioned result in any version of icarus ,

1. Small below 1$ profit in each trade

2. Less maximal drawdown

3. Identify proper  signal & trade take place & trade get close quickly (bot type)

4. If possible in 1 pair or in various pair

i am trying my best , if any one have done work on this pl do share details, if i am able to then will post.

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
If you someday will be doing new version of Ikarus, please make normal readable options. Not for reading posts in forum with explanation, but for normal people. With readable dropdown menus like Fibonacci and Martingale, without abbreviation, with percent, with "true" not "1" and etc.

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Hi Mapi, you have such awesome video. Can you please share us the latest EA version and good testing result parameter?

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
It is all described at the first page of this thread. The settings use “1”, “0” or true or false because that settings go directly as values that the code understands. It would be counter productive to make a drop down menu with “Martingale” this will just complicate the code.

The least you can do is to read this thread very well to understand all aspects of this wonderful Bot.

It’s not hard. And once you understand better, you can formulate your own settings for your liking.

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
He already said he is using Icarus 4.31. And he already said he will not share his settings, for reasons because he wants to be on top of the trading accounts here in this forexfactory.

I was also asking for settings when i first discovered this. But as I read everything, you will understand well, and you can make your own effective settings.

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Thank you Francis!

Many people think an EA means profits without putting in the work. If you handle Icarus like this I can guarantee you will not succeed...

First you need to understand the logic of the EA (BT/FT) and all settings. Everything is included in this thread, but as soon as I find time I will update post 1 on 4.31.

Than you have to find settings matching your risk appetite

I spend with backtesting of 4.31 at least 100 hours

Do also visual BT to get a feeling of duration of DD and cycle frequency

Then you need to confirm via FT

Then you can start trading

It is still work, you still need to put in hours!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Hello Folks, some EURUSD backtest to share using Icarus 4.31 with ATR Grid.
Pepperstone Live ECN account 4000 euro, 1:500 leverage, spread 15 points. Min lot = 0.1

Time: 2021.01.01 to 2021.12.29

History data quality only achieves 90%, will try to get a better one later.

Tuned the setting manually about 5 times, will try to optimize later to bring that drawdown lower if possible.

In this manual tunned, the settings have indicators BB (longer TF), RSI (shorter TF and very short period with deeply oversold/overbought),

ATR (shorter TF and TP multiplier larger than ATR Multiplier)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It's not perfect. Try it out if this helps. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
I know what it means. But still it looks idiotic see in bot Parameter=B and what B means see in manual. Other robots do not suffer from this. Its meaningless.

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
Take it as a control if you are realy familiar with the settings

Got your point, and if I would have plans to sell an EA I would consider you wish, but this is not on my agenda, and the coders (I am just a trader) are telling me it is easier to handle like this...So it will not change at the moment, sorry...

Maybe one day when we have a finished versions without the need for new functionalities why can try to make it more "userfriendly"...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
As you can see on the top of the thread, I activated my account and the first trades have been traded.

I wish you all save travells into a happy new year 2022...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Hello everybody and a warm welcome to a wonderful and profitable new year 2022!

Thank you guys for your great work on the EA! I found a strategy which should be profitable through the year. Net with the expectet return you showed as MaPi, but still ok for me.

I have another idea for the EA: maybe we can program a function, that on a certain weekday on a certain time, all orders are deleted.

In my backtests the signals show good results, but 0,5% of the signals go the wrong way. All other signals make good wins. You can also detect, that after 10 days, when a trade has not yet been positive, it will take longer and longer to martingale into profitability. So maybe also a function, that deletes all orders older than 10 days would be a try?

What do you guys think?

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Hi Guys, just short question: how does TP and SL work ?

Thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Hi, thanks for your observations. I would be concerned closing loosing cycles after x days will make the system a looser, but maybe I am wrong...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Hello guys,

any ideas how to prevent such situations:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I mean how to set up SL for the transactions ? I can wait ages to get price back to this levels.

Swap issues, no more transactions itp ... how do you deal with such problems guys ?

//Anowi

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Hi, you could use setting AccountRisk for a stopout. Also you could try to find settings, where you grid has a certain range you are comfortable with.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
Hello... my humble suggestion?

You can place an opposite order with the sum of the open orders, becoming a Hedge. And put all these negotiations in the fridge. And continue operating purchased until repeating the process.

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
Happy New Year!

First trade of 2022 is open, let's roll!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
Hi Mapi, I am a fan of your work. And I thank TeChaoLiang as he has not hesitated to help me understand the basics of Icarus and Robin,  and ofcourse other contributors in this thread.

I would like to share some of my strategies for Icarus, and I wonder if you can give some validation to my techniques.

i do not have your exact settings for Icarus,

But i do know that you are using fixed grid settings. There will come a time where there will be 1 way trend and the only option for fixed grid setting is to add money as buffer if trend is really strong. Otherwise, we would experience margin call. That is my life even before i studied Icarus. We can limit this by using triggers, i am using BB as trigger which makes my trades more "intelligent" - more of a sniper waiting to trade quick and clean, and i do not use "Initiate both cycle" as this also causes out of place trades that can cause unwanted drawdown.

My backtest workflow is to have a priority of low maximal drawdown in 1year period, and then slowly work my ATR Settings to give me a grid and TP multiplier that will improve my profit and yet still minimize my drawdown. I think this is the answer for Grid trading, contract grid for tight range, and expand as needed so that Drawdown will not be too big.

My dream is to not ever add capital to my trading account because of drawdown.

Maybe it is soon possible. With a little more work.

I am attaching a sample of my backtest result for january to december 2021.

AS you can see, i was able to lower maximal drawdown to less than my initial capital of 1,000.

My return may not be too enticing in "backtest". But if I get this result in the real world, then I am more than happy. It's a great result.

I have also proceeded to run this setting with Live money today.

Wish us luck.

i forgot to attach,

here it is:

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
i am just basing my answer on your chart.

As you can see, you have 3 trades all close to each other, if you intended to only have 3 max trades, then your trades are too close to each other.

You have 2 choices,

1. add to max trades so that when market goes to a pullback or retest, then you would easily Take profit.

2. Widen your grid, so that those 3 trades wont be too close to each other.

I suggest to tweak your settings to add some more trades, and adjust your grid size and TP.

For your question about stop loss, at that example, you will lose a lot of money, better change your settings forst before considering SL. You can use the hot buttons for stop loss, close all sell or close all buy.

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
We already have this, look for Farzad's version of Icarus, it has Hedging function. I have been able to have good back tests in such a way that i am saved from margin call, but it will affect your overall profit. It is not bad to consider, and depends on what your overall strategy is, it can work.

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Hi Francis...

I checked your ATR version, in general I would appreciate to use this function, but I shyed away for now because when the function was deactivated my settings gave my different results than in 4.31...I had not time to figure out the difference so I stayed for the moment with 4.31

My approach is quite simular to yours, my BT for 2021 is giving me a DD in the area of <400 €, so for the begin of the year I do hope there will be no higher DD than I had in 2021, but if this happens I have my emergency funds behind...When time goes bye and account moves up I will scale up starting volume, but I might solw it a bit so I can reduce max DD in % of balance...

So I am looking on a BT for DD, relation between DD and Performance ("Recovery Factor"), Profit Factor and Frequency of Trades...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
So I am live in my Icarus trading year 2022...First day looks good, but I have to admit because of many countries have bank holidays just 1 cycle was opened by setting and the others by hot buttons...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
congrats on your results

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Hey MaPi, congratulations!!

Can you please tell us, where the 2nd picture is from? You seem to track the trades very well

Thank you!!

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Hi Guys, where do you run your EA ? On your PCs, or VPS servers (parameters?), what's broker. Can you share your experience ? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
It's from my remote where Icarus is running, I have one chart for trading and one for monitoring, I can post my indis for tracking 2morrow if you are interested in them, cheers!

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
Hi, I run it on VPS but I will not allow promotion of any broker here...This having said you need a good broker, tight spreads and good swaps to be successful on the long run...Zero margin for hedging is a plus but not a must...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Thanks a lot, I need to search internet.

I play with your EA now, and always does not matter what settings, TF, I recive such results:
Attached Image

So, there where turns, where my repo crashed to 0.

I have played with tigers rules, grid size and TP and no sucess ... let's say 100 transactions are fine, the one crash my account.

Is there any way do avoid this, or just reduce total risk ?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Hello again, here you go:

iHistory: I use it for the closed volume

IProfittracker: I use it as overview for performance

EquityMinitor: I use it for visualization of Equity/Balance/FreeMargin

Also I use IExposure in the chart of the grid for open position (should be preinstalled in your MT4)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Good Morning to all. Your EA is amazing. I'm tryng the setting for GBPUSD.

Everyting is very very very good buta at the of the test I have this resault:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

this is the report:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

seems like the position open 1019 to 1027 is closed at the end of the test with the price of the dailyclose.

this give me a false report.

How can I risolve this?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
It just means that the cycle before the end of your test is not yet complete. You can cut off that part of the test, or extend your period of testing until the cycle finishes.

You have good overall projection.

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Hi, the picture you posted seems to me like a normal close of a cycle in profit.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Meanwhile on my real account...:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD seems to close th long cycle I opend yesterday, the short one I opend today, so I am 5 pips away of switching to the swap friendly side of griding

By the way, Icarus is including swaps and commissions into it´s calculations, so the profit target is reflecting them...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Thanks a lot. Is quite busy on your side , seems like you are ruuning the EA on different TFs.

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
No, atm I run only one instance, but I was using hot buttons due to my opinion on market.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Please, WHAT SET for GOLD ??

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
Hi, I do not trade Gold with the EA, pls feel invited to do your own backtest and let us know, if you have found promising settings...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Hi,

Happy new year !

I have converted Ikarus EA v4.31 modified from mt4 to mt5.

Nothing has been changed about logic, changes have been made only to adapt mql4 to mql5 platform.

For orders and positions which are differenr in mt5, I have used the great library of Fsaber : MT4Orders.mqh

I meet some issues with stdlib.ex5 , so , I joined in archive zip the file <errordescription.mqh> to copy in mql5 include folder.

I have just tried on a 15 mn chart because I have not to much time: it seems to work, but it needs certainly to be improved.

Let me know about your mql5 tests.

Mike

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Thx a lot for your efforts, pretty sure some here will realy appreciate it...I will not be a big help due to the reason I am staying on my beloved MT4 for quite a while, but thank you again, cheers!

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
Hi,

so far today only one cycle wich was opened by setting in the night. I closed two orders with "Cl.Last S" function giving me a profit of 103,11 € so far for the day, the cycle remains open and I am totaly fine with that

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Will stop giving you "boring" updates here, but on Friday I will make m first weekly review on youtube instead

By the way, the indicator in the chart is not some holy grale dark magic, it´s just D1 pivots for having some orientation, sometimes I might use also a auto fibonacci tool instead...

Cheers

Edit: Both orders have been reopened by the EA so I just made extra €€€ when cycle will be closed...

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Won't compile for me, get a load of errors:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
How i am use this in mt5? I need EA 4.31 too in ea.ex5?

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
I have been playing with this EA for a while (~50hrs), my questions:

1. Any chance to reduce differences to min ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2. Test data quality, is possible to download better test data to my current broker account in MT?

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Use of indicator open can help, also lowering Take Profit and Profit Lock can reduce DD...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Mapi, Could you please give me the EA you are currently using and its features?

Thx

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Why do I close manualy some of the shorts?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Because current situation is looking good for a short position, I am not in rush to close it and swap also is on my side...

So if the cycle closes I am fine, but if I can make extra €€€ I am slsi fine...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Oh sorry I have just forgotten MT4Orders.mqh to copy with errordescription.mqh in mt5 include folder

For Killervsr, a .mq5 file is codesource for mql5.

You copy this mq5 file in Experts folder, and Metatrader5 will compile it to ex5 after restart (or refresh).

I have joined ex5 file in this zip file

Use files in this zip files because I find issues to display the right panel.

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Thx

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
The value in spread and grid size this correct?

Max Spread: 100 | Grid size: 20

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
This test was with the MT5 version but I came across the same bug in the orginal when on occasion for some reason it does not "take profit" and allows a basket of trades to stay open and accumulate profit. Previously when it happened it closed the trades and cashed in for a huge spike up at the end of the test period but in the example I just tried below it looks like all the profit was lost when the price gradually moved and then retraced during a 7 trading day period.

The test period was on XAUUSD from 1 Nov - 27 Nov 2021. (I realise the EA is not strictly intended for gold but I believe the same could happen with any market).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

..or am I misunderstanding something?

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Max spread =100 -->100 points (10 pips for EURUSD)

Grid size 20 is in pips

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
I cannot say if it is a bug or not on mt4, if we find the same reaction, it means mt5 version is like mt4 version.

Mt5 EA uses exactly the same trading logic as Mt4 EA, so we normally find the same reactions with mt5 EA.

I don't modify the original trading logic.

Report just if you find big differences between mt4 and mt5.

If mt4 EA is released , I will release mt5 EA (when I have time)

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
Hi, I'm using Icarus 4.31, you can download it here...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Very small size account..

but live... I have a trend following EA that work well.. I needed something that could compesate tha sideway fase of the market. And It seems that this EA work exatly what I want...

thank to all.. let's see in 15 day than 1 month

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
I can not help you on MT5 but in all the years with the EA I never saw something like this...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
Hi, EURUSD is trading slowly today (maybe it will change when red flag news will hit market). The short cycle of yesterday was closed by EA in the night, today I opend twice both cycles on D1 pivot point, one set is closed and the second is still open...Cheers!

Edit: I opend again both cycles at D1 pivot

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Anyone else playing with the MT5 version?

It seems OK in backtest but when I plonked it on a live chart it opened a trade then immediately closed it at a loss (commission) regardless of the TP figure chosen in the settings & repeated that cycle very rapidly to rack up loads of losses. I have never seen this in the MT4 version.

Another thing I noticed is if you have the Bollinger indicator set as True it over-rides all the other indicators when they are set as true instead of working with any others that are activated together even when "all selected indicators will be applied" is turned to True .

Back to MT4 for me I am afraid.

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Mr. Bob, I see a martingale volume setting, you are braver than me  Good Luck! Cheers

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
I am trying to understand how it is going on your screenshot.

I start here a visual backtest

On this screenshot, (EURUSD M10) you can see a buy trade triggered by EA, the price goes up,and the dash line goes up also and after stay waiting.

At this time , you have equity which can grow very high over balance but like the cycle is not closed , it can stay a long time like this , it's why you have the green equity line moving far over the balance line.

During this time, EA can start also other cycles,so it is difficult to analyse really. But apparently, Icarus is not wrong and makes his job correctly.

- On your screenshot, when you have the big down peak , Icarus triggered another cycle,and has compensated and we can see this in load at the bottom of the tester

On this screenshot , after when the price goes down to the blue dash line , the cycle is closed, and the profit is taken.

I hope I am not wrong and I think it's not really a bug.

Maybe somebody could explain better with more precision, it should be nice !

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
Finaly I found out how I can be listed on leaderboard of Trading systems here at FF, your custom start of data needs to be before the begin of the new year...Currently I am somewhere in the 70is, my goal for the year is the top ten...

Actually it is the top 3, but many of the accounts listed are starting with 100 USD or something simular...That means many of the accounts in front of me will not survive (actually I am aware that due to my style and aggesive way of using Icarus there is no guarantee of surviving for me, too) and others are loosing systems wich are on a heater at the moment, but if some of those mini accounts are catching a couple of good trades it will be hard to beat them...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So, as you know, I am always making you aware of the risks involved, but if you spended a decend time undersatnding the logic of the EA, reading this forum and back/fronttesting your setting:

Catch me if you can

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
You can do like you want, all is free.

Converting a complex EA like Ikarus from mt4 to mt5 is far to be easy,

I just ask reports to make this EA running better on mt5.

For pb with indicators you have to look at :

input bool Conjunct_Idx = true;  //All selected indicators will be applied together

I join version which work on demo account only.

If you want to use it on a real account, at your risk  you have to comment by yourself the line 16 (#define DEMO 1) in the mq5 file.

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Hello Mapi,

Thank you for sharing this EA and your ideas with us, I really appreciate this.

I love Grid systems and I tried a lot of them so I am so exited to try your idea.

Can you please share with me your settings, I have a server and I want to test your setting as my main one and I will open another accounts with different setting for a long time to see how can we change the setting to reach the minimum DD with an acceptable profit

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Next level can be multi-pair trading from one chart with user input start price level.

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
I currently have it set up on my test rig running on 28 pairs simultaneously with an optimised low risk settings, only started it running yesterday but in abut 16 hours it has made 0.52% profit with a max drawdown of 0.49%.

Will see how that pans out in the next few weeks, I am curious to see if it may be viable for use on prop firms. It's already indicating that the lot size can be reduced to further reduce drawdown and still hit the challenge profit targets.

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Fine ...then....Imagine being able to do all of that from one chart and with capacity to determine the price level to start a cycle.

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
Farzad ,thanks for your icarus 4.03.But there is some problem on hedging function.Can we arrange a new function which close the openned hedge order whenever new order openned on the original rules and open another hedge order again with that order.

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
This would make me very scared in real accaount:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Esspecialy if you away from PC, and caanot control your entries.

The sitautions lieke above usually creashed my depo during testing.

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Proping was also on my mind but the risk limits of the most companies are not in line with the way I trade

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
Hi,

You will find out I am not a great videoproducer, but here you go:

Inserted Video

TGIF and Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
PLEASE, What Icarus open order SELL?? TIME 17:50... Set ON indi Stochastic 14/5/3_80-20

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
Hmmm, have you activate setting "open both cycles"? Cheers

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
Is it possible to use your strategy without using EA? if you can explain your strategy then it will help me a lot.. thanks

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
I ended the 24 hour trial with 0.81% profit and still the 0.49% max dradown, very small sample duration but promising. Have set up an FTMO free trial to run it on from Monday with slightly lower lot size and further reduced lots for 4 pairs that went 5 trades deep in the test. Will keep the group updated.

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
Hi, there are grid strategies wich can be used manual, but Icarus needs to be traded 24/5 so I think it is not your approach...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Personal I think FTMO is not the right company for Icarus due to fact you can not hold position on weekends or did they changed this?

If I would go the prop way with it I would have a manual hot buttons approach wich would be handled by the EA...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
After first week:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
Yes you can have a "swing" account which removed a lot of the requirements but other prop firms are probably better. I think TPT using a copy trade to copy the trades to MT5 may suit Icarus better in the long run if my test works as they have less trading restrictions (and a lower 8% target for qualification) but for testing purposes FTMO give the best trial account type with set time period and full desktop/analytics.

The weekend trading should not really be that much of an issue as we could use the timers to turn Icarus off mid way through Fridays and close any remaining trades off at a loss just before market close. The main issue with FTMO would be the rules about trading around big news events for specific currencies.

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
I'm using your EA for few hours now, but I still don't get it for what exactly is UNBALANCE CONTROL and how to use it. Can somebody explain to me? TNX!

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
Hi, if you read pot 1 you will find the requested information...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Hello Guys

I have already installed since last thursday but nothing happens. I  have attached to EURUSD in 5M TF... Would anybody be so  kind and maybe attach a template or latest files ? I have the 4.3, but no trades are taken.

Thank you in advance for your kind help.

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
Nice!

Good luck and really good yt video, well done! I am looking forward to seeing more information, details of Icarus, and your view of trading

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
Latest version is 4.31 (with and without dynamic ATR). Have you checked your settings via backtest first? Most likley they are to strict and will just rarely open a cycle...cheers

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
Hello MaPi,

Yes, I have tried on backtest, and there are only errors, no trades taken. I have the 4.31 version. Maybe there is something that I'm not doing right, that's why I asked if anybody had a template so that I can try this EA

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
Show me your settings and let me wich market you are trading, cheers

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
MaPi İthink you use hedging

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
I have a suggestion if we can add this small feature it will help us alot,

I have a lot of orders that reached the tp but because the expert is closing all the orders one by one the price changed and they closed on lose instead of a profit

so I think we have to use a function to close all at once

or we can add a flag if this flag is true the expert will set take profit and update it for all the orders each time the new tp line change its place

this will help us to close all the orders at once and this scenario will never repeat

what do you think?

and if we can do the same with the trailing stop it will be awesome too

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
Hi, I opend a buy cycle manualy due to market movement...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
Hi, I know what you are talking about but never had a big problem in all these years using the EA, I'm using ProfitGoal 0.89, what is your setting? Cheers

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
Hello Mapi,

Here are 2 screenshots of the EA when I try to install on a graph  EURUSD 5Minutes.

Sorry if I'm making something stupid

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
ProfitGoal 0.8

tp and grid 20

but its on gold so it can be reached easily

so if the tp is small or the market moves fast I think this issue will appear

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
Looks fine, 3 Std dev on 5 min are rare but should happen...Do I do not know if this will perform, but it should open cycles from time time...Lower std dev on 2 to check...cheers

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
Ahh, gold, this might explain your problem...as stated before I don't expect xauusd to be a icarus friendly surrounding...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
okay, I will try to work on other currencies and let see what we can get, thank you

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
OK, my fisrt summary of this EA:

is good when there is no important information in calendar!

So, if you want to be the winner - need to tarck calendar and swich EA off.

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
Hey, I catched a cold and still hope to make a short update on YT 2morrow. As you can see I hit my first DD of 2022, but everything is inline with BT and FT...I open manually some buy cycles to ease margin (i am trading on a broker with zero margin on hedges)...Will have enought space for the 8 sell order wich I may delay a bit, but if market is not changing direction after it my reserve troops might be needed to jump in...By the way, grey line is giving indication where margincall starts... Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
You have to aware that the symbol property of XAU is different to currency pairs. PIP is a unit specific for currency pairs. That is, for every currency pairs, one lot is 10 USD per PIP. However, for XAU, if employing PIP unit, one lot is 1 USD per PIP.

This is not to say you cannot run Icarus on XAU. But you have to know the difference of symbols properties to set a proper settings.

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
Hello Mapi,

OK i will change the deviation then. I just saw that you're from Germany, I'm from France, german border

Also, you have a YT channel ? What is the link ?  I'm always happy to learn.

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
TGIF!

Inserted Video

Cheers!

Edit: After video market went a little down and opened 0.8 buy order. I closed the 1.3 sell order and most likely will go completely hedged into weekend. Will try to  reopen the 1.3 order on both sides delayed wich would give me a better average price + the realised wins of the 1.3 sell order and may higher take profit for the other cycle so it will be realised when I open the 7. Order...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
I have a question please,

If I set unbalance_control to 1

when does the hedging order will apply (according to all the indicators settings or immediately) and with how many lots?

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
It will take the 3. last volume of the open cycle, start will depending on your setting...

THIS OPTION CAN HELP YOU SOMETIMES BUT USING IT CONSTANTLY WILL GUARANTEE A CRASH OF YOUR ACC!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
Okay ..

Does all the orders will closed at the same time if we reached the profit or each cycle is independent on the other one ?!

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Buy and sell having independent taje profits...run a visual Backtest so you can see and learn the logic of EA...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
Hello MaPi, I want to thank you.

and I want to suggest something

now if we open the trades according to the RSI levels for example

and we reach the max number of trades for example 6 sell trades with lots 0.6

now in my opinion if we wait for the same settings (RSI settings according to this example) to give us a buy signal and entered this order with 0.7 lot (sell lots + first buy lot) and if the price goes to the opposite direction we will open more buy trades

and closed all the orders (SELL + BUY) when we reached a profit .. we will close both baskets instead of closing each one separately

I think this will help us a lot

what do you think?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
Hi, I am always open to new ideas and I would ask others also on their feedback on your idea, but I think it will higher DD and lower profit if we are operating like this. You are welcome to proove me wrong in giving me a excel or some kind of calculation, but if we changing key logic of EA we should know why we do this before we start...Cheers

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Hello all i am new here. Thank you for a great EA Mapi. I am a programmer for over 15 years and forex EA builder for 2+ years. I will take a copy of Ikarus and play with it.

I like this idea hedging..of mr trader, but i have few questions.. When should the first hedge order start? after how many pips down of the last max trade?

What do we do with 6 buy positions and 1 sell when market goes down again? account can blow up easy this way..

Hope we can make a great EA together.

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
Welcome, I think we wrote allready on YT...

I asked Mr. Trader to rejoin the discussion, hope he will reply soon, pretty sure he has allready progressed on his initial plan...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Can you please explain to me or guild me to a link of the post so I can understand the hedge function or the idea about version 4.0.4 beta please

I want to collect some ideas so we can find the best hedge idea or settings

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Backtest for Gold. DD only with some marketmover. If I switchoff before the max DD is max 500$...

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
OK an update on my test running ICarus on all 28 pairs simultaneously with a view to using it for prop firms, I have been running it on FTMO trial accounts.

Settings (basic) were:

Bollinger off

Stoch on at 20/80

RSI on at 20/80

Initiate both cycle off.

Grid multiplier D'Alembert

Lot size multiplier Fibonacci.

It generated very good profit with very low drawdown normally, however the week before last got caught in a couple of pairs when the JPY collapsed and last week/this week has got caught in 2 CAD pairs where the CAD has rocketed due to the price of oil increasing suddenly - both instances caused the 5% drawdown limit to be breached.

I have set it running again in this latest test with Bollinger turned on, I initially turned it off as from testing the MT5 version of Icarus the Bollinger over ruled the other 2 indicators - but it then became evident that the MT5 code translation was flawed so I don't think this will be an issue with the original MT4.

Couple of ideas for additions/amendments:

a) Invert trigger - at the moment this seems to just do the opposite of the signal, so if it's activated instead of opening trades when the 20/80 bars are breached it will open trades when the price is within the 20-80 range.

I think perhaps an alternative/addition would be to invert the direction of trade when in one-directional trade mode. So at the moment for instance when the 80% line is breached it opens a sell as it is expecting the price to bounce back below. How about an option to invert this so if the threshold line is breached it instead opens a trade in the same direction to trade with the momentum of the price?

b) A chart based stoploss centered on the "P/L Sym" figure so if Icarus is running on multiple charts and one chart starts to get away past a user defined amount ($100 or so for example)  then at a certain point the trades on the pair are closed as a safety measure and the loss is taken while allowing the other pairs to continue trading.

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
happy to know that its work on multipair, is it possible to share set file for review of setting. Pl do reply

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
Not really as I have no reliable set file as of yet but I have given the bones of the settings in my post anyway so it's not hard to dulpicate for your own testing.

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Are you using ATR?

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
No I have not played with that setting yet. I have not really looked at ATR so want to research and understand it fully for myself before I start experimenting with it.

Update on activating Bollingers - reduced the number of trades taken by about 20x with ASK/BID setting, have set it running with HIGH/LOW instead to see if that still restricts but if it does I will be turning Bollinger back off for the next test run.

I will wait until this FTMO trial is over and the final figures are in. However I *think*, had there been a stop loss of, say, $400 per chart it would have stopped these 2 CAD pairs getting mired in drawdown (I don'ty remember seeing any other chart going anywhere near that figure into the negative). They would have closed off at a combined loss of $800 but Icarus will still have made enough profit in the period to pass the required profit target and keep drawdown to about 2-3%, the previous test where it got stuck with two JPY pairs would have definitely passed. Either way it would have protected the 5% drawdown from being breached and ended up with a free re-try on a proper challenge, which you get if you don't pass the profit target but also don't breach 5% drawdown.

Next test run will be with keeping an eye and trying to manual pull the plug on any chart than goes more than $xxx in negative, using the stop/close button already featured in Icarus, hopefully in good time. I do think there is great potential here for Icarus to do well with prop trading though.

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Hey, just to make sure, you are aware the EA has a Stop Out function based on % allready implemented, right? Cheers

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
Yes but isn't that global (based on overall account drawdown) as opposed to "per chart/pair" drawdown?

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
Hmmm, I practise I do not use it but you might be right. There is an free EA called Equity Sentry v1.4, I think there you can set it up per magic number...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Could do but just as easy to get it written into the code as the calculations are already there, it would just need linking up to a hard stop option.

I realise the orignal intent was for Icarus to only operate on a single chart at a time but it works really well on multiple charts, indeed one of those 2 CAD trades has just closed out in profit and the other isn't far off - though the 5% drawdown was breached in the trial sadly.

My second run with bollinger set to HIGH/LOW and ATR grid is performing OK this morning though I am a little concerned about how quickly the ATR opens additional positions, we shall see how that handles a sustained swing...

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
I added buy or sell cycle risk parameters. Will only stop that cycle buy or sell. Other cycle of the symbol will continue. Based of Icarus 4.31.

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
Can we add hedging order after x number cycle order which will be  closed when new cycle order openned or when the cycle closed with a little profit.

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
İt has already coded on icarus 4.03 version but with no closing option. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
https://assets.faireconomy.media/images/attach/ex4.gifIcarus_4.0.3_beta.ex4

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
i am busy with hedging now.. when i get it correct i will post it. need feedback of mr trader tho.

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
Will patiently wait for your update.

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
since you are using multiple charts, how much money are you allocating for each currency pair? Example: if you have 10 pairs on different charts, would 10,000 dollars suffice for a .1 lot size per currency pair? I know it will depend on your settings, but i just want to know if you look at your money management this way…

I have tried it with 3 pairs in forward testing.

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Found a significant bug in the ATR grid routine.

It seems to stop increasing the grid past a certain price and then when the price hits that target each time the EA still opens a progressive lot size trade according to the lot size multiplier that is set. Had it happen twice overnight on CADCHF and also USDJPY when the price moved against the trade.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can see in the second list of trades above USDJPY grid price stopped increasing somewhere between 113.328-113.334 and in the attached chart below you can see all the additional positions that were opened as the price moved down and back up past the target price in the same 1M candle.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The USDJPY eventually went as far as a 197.0 lot trade (from an initial 0.20 lot start) before closing out in profit but this is an account blowing error and I'd advise the ATR grid option not be used until it is resolved. Of course this can be avoided by setting a limit on the number of positions the EA will open to about a max of 6 however but that comes with the risk that a trade will not close out in profit very quickly.

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
I am runnning on a $50k FTMO trial account and have an initial lot size of 0.20 lots. This is generating a little more than the daily required profit for the target so can probably be decreased to 0.15 though testing is very much in its infancy & I am waiting for the current trial to close so I can work out if the max drawdown would not have been hit with a 0.15 lot opening setup, as it has been with 0.20 lots.

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
i try to keep 1k per pair ofc with 0.01 lots. Just to be save.

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
I encounter this also, try to have a larger period for your ATR. what happens with ATR with small period is that sometimes you are given a very small grid size for one cycle, this makes the trades too close to each other and would really risk a blown up account. That is my experience. So i always use a higher TF and a larger period, thismakes the grid contract and expand not too abruptly.

I hope i helped.

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
Short update: As you might have seen I am trying to reduce DD, started today to realize the first order of the DD cycle as loss and over compensated this with a buy triggered by hot button wich I closed then in win. This is changing the volume logic of the EA, because I only have 6 orders open he will open then 1.3 instead of 2.1 Lots as 7th. order. I opend the 7th order now and will try to reslize first orders ongoing with the same procedure when possible. Beside I started a short cycle for easing margin (I am trading on a broker with zero margin on hedges police) and additional hedging and opportunities to close out position of buy cycle.

Reason behind: With 50% of balance I am way ahead of my projection for January, also next week there are a lot red flag news where I would like to be not as exposed to long as I am at the moment. I see it more likely FED will send EURUSD down next Wednesday, but you never know...

So instead of trying to make more balance performance I am more focused on safety at the moment. Hope to find time to give you an update tomorrow afternoon on Youtube...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
TGIF

Inserted Video

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Hello All,

I give you my take on the Hedging. From Idea of Mr. Trader. with some adjustments. I also clean up the code so its is now in better shape.Hedging starts when max order is reached and next possible grid size is hit. I tested it with progression 3. Hedging lot is always max trading lot * first lot of the buy or sell cycle. I would like your oppinion here if this is correct. Hedging order and first order of the cycle is closed when profit is reached. And new hedges are opened again.

I have done some testing at EA is running without crashing on EURUSD from 2015 till now with my settings. Please test this and give me feedback how to improve.

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Hi,

Thanks for the EA. I'm loving your videos with your weekly progress updates on how the EA is doing.

I was wondering what settings are you using in the videos when you are trading EURUSD on 1 Hour Chart? Are you using the same settings as in the original post?

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
ATR grid size is only using ATR to calculate a dynamic grid size when every new buy/sell cycle is initiated. When using ATR grid size, the Take Profit of the settings is also override a new Take Profit. When in the cycle (buy or sell) ATR grid size won't interfere any of the trading logic, such as gs_progression and progression.

For a grid trading EA, grid size choosing is critical to profit or loss. In other words, you have to tuning the parameters of ATR for well to give you an suitable grid size for trading. ATR grid size is just replacing the fix grid size setting at the moment of any buy/sell cycle is initiated. However, since Icarus only have one variable for grid size, once a new grid size is calculated, the new grid size will be applied to all cycles even the grid size when determine at the moment of another cycle initiated is not equal to the new grid size, the new grid size will replace the old grid size.

If want each cycle has its own grid size, we have to declare two grid size variables, one for buy cycle another for sell cycle. But to do this will change a lots of codes of Icarus, so, I intend not to do it. If someone is interested, he can modify the codes of Icarus as he like.

As a conclusion, when employing more indicators in trading the trader has to have more knowledge of the indicators he use. For different symbols, different brokers, the appropriate setting of indicators is also different. NEVER NEVER ask others what his settings are, because your broker is not the same as his broker. You have to find out the optimal settings for your broker as well as the symbol you are trading by yourself.

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Hi and thanks!

The EA has timeframe in his settings, but normally I am monitoring it on h1. No, I have new settings wich I have fitted on my needs and on my brokers mt4 setup. Read the post above, wise words inside on this topic!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
hello romiek

I will try this version next week.

but can you please explain more with an example if possible

when the hedge will start and how many orders will open and all the orders will closes on profit or just some of them ?

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
Thanks for explaining. This is why, when I use ATR on long TF and bigger period, it gives me more stable grid sizing. If you use short tf and smaller period- there are times that the grid contracts to small. I still believe using ATR is better than fixed. So i hope somebody can code to make it a “per cycle” atr grid variable.

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
As Mr. Trader explained we open 2 orders with hedging. One sell and one buy at mac lot. In buy cycle the sell hedging order will close out the first buy order. When it is closed new hedging 2 orders are opend again.

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
There was a hedging error in this version. It is corrected here.

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
Can you explain the mechanics of your hedge? I can't quite seem to come up a baseline setting that im comfortable with. If you give a detailed overview, then we can design our own strategy set.

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
this logic is programmed now. Only lots increse. By max lot * first cycle lot. So 8 * 1, 8 * 1, 8 * 2., 8 * 3… i have to this to be able to hedge out the big negatives. But this also makes hedging a bit dangerous.

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
OK I get most of that, I understand how grids work, it is the ATR I need to reaearch and understand.

However this does not explain why Icarus stopped increasing the grid size (price) past the 6th position and then continued to open new positions each time the price moved past that grid price in an outward direction to quickly rack up additional trades at increasing lot sizes in a short space of time. Surely the the 'next price' in the grid should continue to increase and expand the grid as it does when the ATR function is not set as active in Icarus.

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Thank bro for share.

I have an ideal with grid size.

Can you add 1 option for Gs_progression

Gs_progression =4
if buy or sell =5 next order =current grid size x2
if buy or sell =10 next order =current grid size x2

(EA will change X2 grid size after 5 orders)

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
I have no idea to this, because ATR for grid size doesn't touch that part of trading logic of Icarus.
Attached Image     Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As shown above, ATR_Grid_Size() only replace the grid_size and the take_profit at the beginning of each cycle. The rest codes of Icarus are unchanged.

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
Romiek why you crashed normal cycle lot arranging.Just open hedge orders same lot with normal cycle orders when prices goes inverse and close this hedge if new cycle order opened and open new hedge order with the same lot  with cycle order again.İt goes on  till cycle finds its target profit.

İ tried İkarus 4-5 but couldnt clarify the hedging logic

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Strange, you can see from my earlier post with screenshots what happens. This definitely only occurs when ATR grid is active, when ATR grid is not used then the grid continues to expand normally & does not stop expanding at a certain price.

I wonder if when ATR grid is active then the grid is limited to the Average True Range and the EA routine will not allow positions to be opened outside of the ATR, meaning that the grid is "maxing out" at that end of the ATR each time it tries to add a new grid position?

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Stay away from JPY, CAD, CHF pairs which may have very long trends

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
as i said i am experementing with the hedging lots. For best performance.

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
No, it is totally irrelevant to the grid size progression. No mater what the grid size is determined, buy manual setting or by ATR, the grid size progression is base on the determined grid size to calculate the virtual SL. As attached source codes:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the variable grid_size once determined, never changed within the whole cycle unless a new cycle is initiated, and this is the only place Icarus refers to the value of grid_size to calculate the virtual SL.

Also, gs_progression is use in the CalculateVolume() function to calculate the volume of the last position, and use to calculate virtual SL as shown above.

It is no reason that ATR_Grid_Size() will affect the grid size progression behavior of any form.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
No point in quoting code at me, I am no coder and do not understand any of it.

All I can say is that when ATR grid is turned on, at some point the grid stops expanding as per my screen shots in post 1742. When ATR grid is turned off this does not happen, that is no co-incidence. So I will simply not be using the ATR grid option in any future testing, simple.

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Hi, hard fighting today, enabled unbalance controll using it manually when going under 100%, was 10 Lot long in a fast falling market. In the area of 80% Margin I turned it off and finally market recovered. Closed some of the buy orders in win and used 500 Eur if it to close the highest loosing buy order...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Do you really understand ATR indicator? If not, don't use Atr_Grid_Size() to determine the grid size.

For if your ATR settings is not proper, and calculate a very small grid (close to zero or zero), then the grid size progression won't work.  Because any number multiply by zero is zero.  From your post 1742, it seems that you have a zero grid size.  That's why the EA will keep on adding new positions progressively till the max positions is reached.

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
This is what i am trying to explain, Using short tf and small period will always create very low grid size, this is very dangerous because if there is a big trend , you will be liquidated in one spike or drop in the market. Have to understand ATR well, to use it. I swear by it, it works wonders for me. Because i am able to control it to my style and strategy.

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
I have not changed the ATR settings from the default settings that are contained in the EA. As I have repeatedly stated I am not fully au fait with ATR so have not attempted to play with the settings, entrusting that the default ones are suitable.

I just did not understand why the grid would expand until around the xth position and then just stop expanding, I thought th whole point of a grid is that it continues to expand. Am I right in assuming that the default settings you coded into the EA are only viable up to a grid of around x trades then and are not finite as I would expect a grid to be?

I would think that if a grid had a max size it is capable of being then there should also be a safety built into the EA to stop it opening new trades once the grid hits its max?

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
Hello romiek,

sinse you experimenting with the hedging, can you please change the code of Icarus in order to reverse the Buy and Sell grids. The idea is to build a Buy grid going Up and Sell grid going Down and to close all Buys and Sells together when the trend moves in profit for the symbol.

p.s. I've used such EA in MT5, but I cannot find it for MT4.

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
No, I did not code the EA to have a max size of grid. There is a setting of max_position that you can set, the default should be 6. Means only open at most 6 position in a cycle. (I did not code this part of Icarus, it remains the same as original Icarus).

Atr_Grid_Size() only give you a dynamic grid size to Icarus, no more and no less. Many people have tested Icarus and also tested ATR function for several months. You are the first one to have such issue of ATR. Perhaps you can check the Journal to see whether or not there are error message. If you are running fore test, also check the Experts to see if there are error message.

Also, as I have mentioned before, do not trust the default settings of any EA. If you understand those indicators you can tune them for good or you should not to use those indicators. The original Icarus is without any indicators to decide the moment to open a position and/or for helping to decide a grid size dynamically. In fact, a grid trading logic doesn't need indicators to trade. I have my own grid trading EAs, with the trend or against the trend, I didn't use any indicators. Before you use any indicator, I suggest you should run Icarus without applying any indicator first. Then, if you hope to have a better result, you can try to apply indicators one by one to see whether or not the result comes better.

Even I use ATR for grid size, I also have to tune the settings of ATR symbol by symbol as well as broker by broker.  For different symbols have their different price actions, also the optimal settings of ATR are different.  Different brokers have different spreads for symbols and they are affect the profit you can have in a trade, that is, the appropriate grid sizes are also a minor different.

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
it should be doing that already. the new tp is calculated with hedging order.

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
I give you Icarus_4.6 with partical close of the grid mechanism. 4 indicates that after 4 trades it will start closing the last and the first trade when they sum up in profit. 0 means disabled.

This make EA so much stable... test it

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
Hi Benson,

what you are suggesting will give us a total new EA (adding position in trend direction)...Therefore I would ask you to open up your own thread on this. I tried such an EA some years ago and can let you know I was not pleased with the outcome...

Thanks for your understanding and Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
Have you ever try Robin? It is a with the trend grid trading EA.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...7#post13837027

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
Thanks MaPi,

it was just a suggestion for another option in Icarus. I've seen this in another grid EA.

Kind regards.

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
Hello Mr. Liang,

yes, I've tested Robin in the past. Could you please advise how your hedging filter works?

Best regards.

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
This attechhed file is EA or indicators ? pl do clearify

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
Robin is EA or indicator ? bcz try as a EA it does not worked for test...

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
Guys, pls stop posting non topic things and EAs here or I have to block you, Thx and Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
Got liquidated on one order during press conference, closed the rest, 1k left...

Lost a battle but not the war,

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
Hello,

If you want serious contribute pls do not post ex4 files here, bring your ideas in and tell us how this EA is working or how the logic should be implemented... Categorically, who wants to use a blackbox and assume the logic behind, what should it help for? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
This black box works exactly as required here:https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...0#post13869920

In any case, I delete this post according to your wishes.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Note!

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
I am working with this version right now and I think this is the best version right now

I am working on XAU/USD only and The results is awesome with a very very low DD ~ 0

I will test it for couple of months and I will try to list all my comments if there is any to make it more stable and perform better

Thank you guys for such an incredible idea and continues upgrading

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
I agree that was a great contribution.

It has some Ordererror 138 on example XAUEUR and US30 perhaps more, but I think it can be easly fixed with checking how many digits the broker has.

Works great with "the usual" pairs.

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
Im realy liking this EA, however is there a newer version that is FIFO compliant (different lot sizes, eg .01, .02, etc)?

Tom

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
Hello, Im trying to use version 4.3 and it wont open a trade.  If I hit continue the button turns blue for one second and the back to red.  Is it fifo compliant, ie opening trades of different sizes?

Tom

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
Yes. Robin's hedging filter works for a given range of price, when the price is within the range will not do hedging. Because Robin has a separated cycle to manage hedging orders and the hedging order when reach its stop loss won't hedging the loss hedging order any more and just receive the SL. The hedging filter is use to prevent the hedging order hit its stop loss frequently when price is wandering between the price range. That is, prevent from hedging order SL and re-hedge another hedging order again and the new hedging order also hits its SL, and again,....

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
Hello all,

I found a scenario and I think this scenario will lead us to lose a lot of money

I will suggest a solution and I hope if we all think together to find a better approach

——————————————————————————————————————————————

Example
Order 1 - Buy 0.01
Order 2 - Buy 0.01
Order 3 - Buy 0.02
Order 4 - Buy 0.03
Order 5 - Buy 0.05
Order 6 - Buy 0.08
Order 7 - Sell 0.08 -> Hedge order

then the sell will close the first buy order on profit

Order 2 - Buy 0.01
Order 3 - Buy 0.02
Order 4 - Buy 0.03
Order 5 - Buy 0.05
Order 6 - Buy 0.08

——————————————————————————————————————————————

I suddenly found the program opens 2 orders at the same time

5 old orders
Order 2 - Buy 0.01
Order 3 - Buy 0.02
Order 4 - Buy 0.03
Order 5 - Buy 0.05
Order 6 - Buy 0.08

2 new orders
Order 7 - Buy 0.08
Order 8 - Sell 0.08

Order 7 opened because we already under the next buy level

and Order 8 opened because we have to hedge at this point

but if we looked at this scenario we open 2 orders with the same lot and in different direction

There are no meaning of opening 2 new trades at the same price in different direction

——————————————————————————————————————————————

I think one of the solution could be adding a new parameter to choose the number of opened orders we want to hedge

so if we set this parameter with 2 for example

The last scenario will be

5 old orders
Order 2 - Buy 0.01
Order 3 - Buy 0.02
Order 4 - Buy 0.03
Order 5 - Buy 0.05
Order 6 - Buy 0.08

2 new orders
Order 7 - Buy 0.08 -> opened because we already below the new buy level
Order 8 - Sell 0.16 -> The hedge order = the sum of the lots of the last 2 orders

so this hedge order now has a meaning and do its job

——————————————————————————————————————————————

I hope if all of you can say his own opinion about this idea, if it will fix this problem or not

or if there is any better idea for sure we are trying to reach the optimal solution

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
I also think we always opens 2 orders one buy and one sell for hedging

but what if we are in a buy cycle and the price still going down

we will end up with

Order 1 - Buy 0.08

Order 2 - Buy 0.08

Order 3 - Buy 0.08

Order 4 - Buy 0.08

Order 5 - Buy 0.08

Order 6 - Buy 0.08
Order 7 - Sell 0.08

I think we will ended up with a margin call if the price continues his way down

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
I am not a coder, but i would like to help as much as posssible. And yes, in some of my backtesting, there are instances where the quity is slowly eaten away until margin call. It sort of makes a loop that it cannot recover from.

Hope we can add more feedback to further develop hedging. And thank you to romiek for continuing work for hedge.

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
Glad you like the 4.6 version.

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
Yes its really awesome, If we can made some enhancement I will really appreciate it.

Lets assume our grid size and progression = 3
and we are in a buy cycle

Order 1 - Buy 0.01
Order 2 - Buy 0.01
Order 3 - Buy 0.02
Order 4 - Buy 0.03
Order 5 - Buy 0.05
Order 6 - Buy 0.08
Order 7 - Sell 0.08

If order 7 and order 1 closed on profit then we will continue with orders

Order 2 - Buy 0.01
Order 3 - Buy 0.02
Order 4 - Buy 0.03
Order 5 - Buy 0.05
Order 6 - Buy 0.08

We will not open another Hedge orders
but we will check if the price now is less than or equal to the next buy level we will open another buy order

Order 2 - Buy 0.01
Order 3 - Buy 0.02
Order 4 - Buy 0.03
Order 5 - Buy 0.05
Order 6 - Buy 0.08
Order 7 - Buy 0.13

If the price continues we will open a new hedge order

Order 2 - Buy 0.01
Order 3 - Buy 0.02
Order 4 - Buy 0.03
Order 5 - Buy 0.05
Order 6 - Buy 0.08
Order 7 - Buy 0.13
Order 8 - Sell 0.13

and so on ..
If the price go up again we will close all the order when they reach the TP
because the Buy lots are greater than the sell lots
so we can close it on profit

and If we can add the number of hedge orders as an attribute it will be a huge advantage for example

Order 1 - Buy 0.01
Order 2 - Buy 0.01
Order 3 - Buy 0.02
Order 4 - Buy 0.03
Order 5 - Buy 0.05
Order 6 - Buy 0.08

if the attribute = 2
then

Order 1 - Buy 0.01
Order 2 - Buy 0.01
Order 3 - Buy 0.02
Order 4 - Buy 0.03
Order 5 - Buy 0.05
Order 6 - Buy 0.08
Order 7 - Sell 0.13

Thank you in advance, I really appreciate your contribution.

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
From hero to zero

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
Please share the setting for this. Because i tried this version but it always stop during the backtest.

It shows the error.

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
Liked the YT Video

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
Hi, running some BT with 4.6, looks very promising, I may switch to this version on real account soon...

Thanks to the coder!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
This is a very good idea. I have encountered slowly losing equity and eventually margin call, I think this will solve it.

Thank you amrhamdy for your analysis, and thanks to romiek for the initial work - I hope Romiek would try to further improve this.

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
I hope i corrected Hedging.

I remove hedge order and last 2 orders of cycle when price goes in the correct direction.

Tests and feedback needed.

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
Question:

How do I flush the variables, when I reboot Icarus? When I turn off the EA, and change settings, and run again - current drawdown is not in sync. It says i have drawdown even if there is none.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Thx for the version, but the error still comes after a period of Backtest

https://i.imgur.com/gLxxeMB.png

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Thank you so much Romiek,

I will test it starting from today and will give you a feedback as soon as possible.

Thank you for your continuous contribution.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Yes this is also the hedging system that ı tried to explain before.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Not sure why you are getting the error. Could you see if this version solves it?

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Thanks for your work on this, I am probably doing something wrong but I can't seem to get it to start hedging. Any chance you could do a quick write up of your additional options in the control panel what they do/how it works?

Am I right in thinking that it if you have Max_position set to 4 then when Icarus would normally open the 5th trade this is when the hedge routine should start?

Also should we have "use buy OR sell cycle risk" turned to true so that it will hedge in either direction when needed?

Also I have been using Icarus in one directional mode (Initiate both cycles when indicator is used = false) but would keeping this false interfere with the hedging ability?

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
Yes, it's working now

Thx a lot

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
Yes this is a good idea. Have you a example set file @romiek, to show us the perfect working of the 4.7x

Thx a lot and best regards

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Hello Romiek,

I am testing the new version but I noticed 2 scenarios

First Scenario

GridSize and Progression = 1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

as we can see here, we have 6 orders and this is the max number of orders but the prices goes up and didn't open any hedge orders

Second Scenario

GridSize and progression = 3
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we can see here, the first hedge order opened and closed with the first order successfully.

but after that there are 2 hedge orders opens at the same time one buy and one sell

and we already reached the max number of sell orders = 6 orders

I think we removed this feature and we always opens only one hedge order in the opposite direction

so we can close the orders even if the prices goes either ways on profit

Can you please tell me if I can understand correctly or not

because I can not find the different between the 2 versions so I may missed up something

Concern
I have a concern, what if we closed and opens alot of orders in the same cycle it will end up with the following scenario
6 * Sell 0.08
1 * Buy 0.08
So the buy hedge order will never closed with the first sell order because they have the same lot amout
That is why I were asking to open the hedge order by the sum of the last 2 orders so we can always close some of the orders on profit

Thank you so much for your help.

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
Aha maybe that is why I have not been seeing any hedging kicking in, I use grid size progression 1 on my testing as that was the optimal selection from my original batch testing.

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
This version should solve the progression 1 issue with hedging.

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
Thank you,

Is the display/ comments on the chart working for 4.72?? Not working on my backtest suddenly.

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
Can we make it a multi-pair trading? I tried backtest setup using bollinger bands 50 and stochastic in tf h1, the result is satisfactory.

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
look for line:

int showComment = 0; // flag for comment at left side

and set showComent = 1. Getting tiered of hiding it every time when i am debugging.. so i set it to false by default. if you want them back then set it to 1 again in your version.

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
Thank you, i did it, and is now working.

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
You can run multiple pairs on different charts, Just be sure to change the magic number for each instance of Icarus.

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
Nah you don't need to change the number, it works fine as it is.

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
I recommend following the advice of francis79. When your meta Trader 4 session restarts for any reason it might not be able to allocate all open orders.

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Still not getting any hedges opening ...but then I am still none the wiser about what all the new settings for the hedge actually do so trying to muddle through. Romiek I really would appreciate some sort of guide as to what your hedge settings do & can't be the only one. Such as how to set them up and whether or not they require some of the orignal settings to be configured a certain way (such as one directional trading etc).

It does seems some in the group have got it working but nobody is explaining anything.

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
Still testing on Demo.

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Look good so far in testing.

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
Two areas you have to consider before starting the EA.

Is the market choppy or going to be choppy?

Is the market congestion happening or going to be happening?

You simulate such situations, create scenarios and then find solutions and whether tool can cope with it assuming you correctly identfied such market environment.

Sideways will work with any kind of hedging but how will you forecast the birth of Sideways market? Use an indicator or your eyes?

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
For me, Hedging should be done only when your grid is maxed out already. The martingale/fibonacci grid should take care of a certain range in the market. Hedge should kick in when the grid strategy is out of range already.

That is my style that i implement on Icarus.

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
Hello Simnz,

As you said any grid ea will be awesome and profitable if the market was in a sideway, but what if we entered using indicators or our eyes or any method and the price moves in one direction for a long time 100% we will lose our money

So the solution is to set a SL or to hedge

My Style:Using indicators to try to enter in the right direction one (Only one direction at a time) I preferer the hedging approach if the price moves in the opposite direction I want to thank All of you specially Romike for implementing the grid partial close, this feature moved the EA to another level and fixed the normal hedge problem

I have only one concern as I mentioned before, but I made some changes in the last Version and I am testing it now.

And for sure I will share the results with you and the EA itself if it adds any new value

Maybe by the end of the next week we can see some results

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
No trade should be done without protection. It could be SL for individual trade or Equity Loss.

I have practised hedging to protect vis a vis using SL for more than 10 years and my experience says only those with deep pockets can succeed.

I have the mentality of selling naked options, so I am OK with this kind of approach. The market-making business model is to flush out weaker hands.

From what Investopedia says, I have used Range Trading quite profitably. I have no experience with trend grid trading.Grid trading involves placing buy and sell orders at set intervals around a set price. The grid can be created to profit from trends or ranges. To profit from trends, place buy orders at intervals above the set price, and sell orders below the set price. To profit from ranges, place buy orders at intervals below the set price, and sell orders above the set price. I wish you all the best for your efforts to tame Hedging for short-term automated trading.

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Hello,

I have a question

If the partial close was 0, and we have 6 buy order and one sell order (hedge)

the TP will close all the orders on profit

or it will close the 6 buy orders only ?

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Hi guys, thanks for this amazing modification of SMG !

Been using it for ages and was very happy to stumble upon this thread.

USAGE :

Fire up the Template 1 on GBPUSD H1 timeframe (or anything else with enough juice to move sometimes

Template 1 : This is CCFP indi set to WEEKLY LEVEL 3. Renews on sunday market opening ONLY. This is your way to see the only pairs you're gonna trade.

Then analyse the pairs in left corner. CCFP Indi gives you BUYs and SELLS. Disregard all other pairs. Then use for every pair told :

Template 2 : For your LONG PAIRS, timeframe H1 or less for entering earlier than grid would do.

Template 3 : For your SHORT PAIRS, timeframe H1 or less for entering earlier than grid would do.

Best entries for me are when CO_END_OF_TREND and channel-signal new indi all line up and a candle close in other direction happens.

See the pics for this week's trading direction and setup.

I presume everybody knows where to put the files. Indis into indicators, ikarus into experts folder, and the templates ... guess what.

Won't answer questions to this matter, please do some homework.

This should be an example where the market might be headed to, and to use this wonderful tool. CCFP WEEKLY LEVEL 3+ ONLY, pairs on H1 each.

Go. Enjoy taking the H1 dips into the big weekly moves. One direction a week per pair. Easy setup on Sunday. Stop if you have enough, I try to do so on wednesday and finish off the remaining on thursday.

Cheers, George

DISCLAIMER : lotsizes are set for big accounts 100k and up. Please demo and adjust accordingly. For 0.01 starting lots I'd recommend 10k account size and more.

Forgive me if there are errors - no responsibility taken in any case. Martingale is dangerous without proper money management.

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
Hi guys, another sucessful week, 2.36% for me. All flat but EURNZD and NZDUSD was a bit bitchy and needed deeper pockets.

Cleared all trades after 2:30pm news.

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Hey, sry for beeing silent, atm I am challenged from privat and businesses life. As you might have saw I was liquidated on the ECB press conference move, need to find time to do backtest, untill then I will go on using Icarus just when having an idea of direction...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
Hi MaPi, been there, done that ...

Your mod here is a phenomenal trading tool, don't give up on it.

Give up on hedging and EUR pairs. EURNZD was a  buy signal this week, but came down due to the huge jump in the week before in EURUSD I guess.

Go on, but my 2 cents are : WEEKLY LEVEL 3+ for general direction. Basta.

Cheers and good luck, George !

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Thank you for your share,

Can you further expound on your strategy? Based on your post, you first determine the weekly direction and also the recommended pairs via your shared template. Once this is established, Are we suppose to use Icarus only in the direction of your template/indicator? (Run icarus one sided either buy or sell only) I would like to learn more about your technique. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
Hehe, thank you, do not worrie, giving up is something I dislearned myself a long time ago

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Yes, we're only taking H1 pullbacks into the greater W1 trend. Please stop hedging, I've burnt a lot of money learning it. The big boys know where to push a chart, and this happens only in longer timeframes, even above the daily in my opinion.

If we want to go long, the shorts are to be disabled like in my templates, and vice versa for short, the longs are.

The ATR grid range calculation is set to 0.3 thus it shouldn't be too agressive. Watch red news though.

I know that the entries based on stoch could be a tad better. But I found this setting a good compromise between performance and dd.

Have a nice weekend. Sunday at 11pm here in Germany the preparation for the week takes place, looking forward to it

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Hello, I want to say thank you for sharing the EA. I think it's a robust EA better then most on the market and it has a lot of potential. I've now been using an hedging EA for 3 years, it's connected to an neural network do do a little risk management and works like a charm. DD's can be huge but it never blew up an account as long as you have followed the risk guidelines.

I've been testing Icarus the last days a lot and I would like to suggest and try out a few ideas, see how they would go.

The first suggestion I'd like to make is the position sizing or position progression that the hedging EA that I use works with.

It starts with a statical order progression for the first three orders and then it continues the progression with a geometrical raise, now after reaching a certain number of orders when it wants to add a new order to the grid, it closes the first order of the cycle to then continue the grid further.

It would look something like this;

order 1. - 0.01 lot

order 2. - 0.01 lot

order 3. - 0.01 lot

order 4. - 0.03 lot

order 5. - 0.06 lot

order 6. - 0.09 lot

order 7. - 0.12 lot

order 8. - 0.15 lot

order 9. - 0.21 lot

As you see it starts statical and then adds per 0.03 position from order 4 to 8 and then at 9 it added 0.06 on the position and that's the furthest I've experienced it go. Now depending on the equity left of the account it will close the first position for a loss to be able to add a new position to keep the grid going and that way it should be able to go for a long time and keep a low realized loss of less then 3 or 5 % because the first positions are small.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then I'd like to suggest if you can make an option for true or false that the hedging feature after X orders to continue the cycle position sizing that it hedges.

And an option to chose for true or false that the new opposite cycle or new signal also continues the previous opposite cycle position sizing, please.

Other then that I would say keep up the great work, I think you have a powerful tool here!

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
Thanks a lot for your instructions @xxl205,

i have tried to load the CCFP to my chart but won’t load… do you have some suggestion? And also the settings preset?

best regards

Stefano

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
Ciao Stefano,

I had to investigate that first and yes, you are right, I could reproduce the bad behaviour.

BUT : If you only use ONE timeframe in the settings, it works. I did not notice because I automatically do the settings first time I put the indi on chart.

Thus it also works in my template, just checked that. Please see indi settings in picturebelow, cause you can't save them separately. I spared the pair disable settings below.

You can also see the Trade_Level Settings there, right below Label3. Play with these, setting of 2 maybe gives more trades, setting of 4 gives less but even stronger.

3 has been good for me until now, but I have also traded level 4.

I try to keep pairs between 6-10, please apply money management here of course

Cheers George

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
How about a GS_Progression using a factor, I hope someone can code this in.

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Hi Guys, many pairs in BUY direction this week.

I've chosen AUDUSD, GPBUSD, GBPJPY, AUDCAD, AUDJPY, NZDCAD, NZDJPY, GBPCAD. All LONGS, waiting for H1 dips.

Spared out EUR and CHF pairs.

Good luck ! Cheers, George

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Are u refer to Multiplier by grouping? Below link will help u
algorithm - How to group a lot exponent in MQL4 / MT4? - Stack Overflow

next is to build hedging that offer an option to "select after which group x, then start hedging"

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
Thanks a lot for your reply :-D

With one time works but i don't understand how can i see which is the pair for the current week to trade.

Could you give me some more info?

Thanks a lot

Stefano

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
I can see your settings gone wrong. Analyse your picture, please. TFs used says H4 and tradelevel 2.

We want W1 and Tradelevel 3+ (this week there is even level 7 available in some of the JPY pairs)

So go to the Use_Timeframe_4, and do not use 240 but use 10080 as in the settings picture.

Down below there also is the tradelevel, switch that to 3 or higher and compare what you get.

Or go through the settings one by one like in post 1838  then it will work.

Cheers, George !

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Thanks again a lot for your reply :-D Really.

My bad i have put 10080 on timer_timeframe.

Now seems ok thanks for your help and sorry for my bad english :-( i'm italian :-D

I'm new to this wolrd so sorry for my many question :-(

Could you send me some suggestion with correct set for all this indi and EA?

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
I'm sorry, but no. Because it is all in post 1829 here.

We're already cluttering up the thread. Maybe you could use google translator ;-)

Ciao, George

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
Hello George,

ok thanks a lot, sorry for my request…

Sorry but for example I don’t know what do you mean with even level 7.

Best regards

Stefano

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
George,

Do you run this strategy with Icarus only...or do you run a pyramiding grid like Grid Trend Multiplier (averages counter trend but pyramids with trend also) along with it so you can catch the full move back to the weekly?

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
To the subject of icarus 4.31 atr ea, the ea test is done in demo acct.. if the setting to be use for live.. how is it possible.. , need your guidance.

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
In my experience hedging has worked largely because I adopted manual Accumulation and distribution approach. However, now I believe it can be coded with simple logic of using Excel formula for fixed-line Depreciation (for distribution pattern) for Opposite trade in Sell mode. Can also use double depreciation by having a multiplying factor.

For Buy mode,  compounding formula has to be coded.

Basically it can be sort of a money manager as well for for Averaging Down and Averaging up if using fixed size of lots. Not for martigale.

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
Hi Stefano, the higher the level, the more stable SHOULD the trend be. Simple as that ;-)

Ciao !

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Hi, nope. Just those settings as stated in the setup posting.

I watch it closely because I have the time for it whilst sitting in homeoffice nearly all day. I do the adding to grid and scaling in manually sometimes, but it is only Ikarus as the EA.

Cheers, George

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
Thanks a lot :-D

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
i am looking icarus 4.31 atr for live... Is their any one our group can help me....

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
WHat do you mean?

working ATR is updated to work. Better use the latest version.

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
REASON, IGOT THE GOOD RESULT IN BACK TEST, HENCE PLAN TO CHECK IN live ACCT HENCE ASKING TO CROSS CHECK THAT WHETHER GETTING SAME RESULT IN live AS WELL IN demo...  WITH SMALL AMOUNT CAN TAKE RISK AND CHECK THE REAL PERFORMANCE. PL DO HELP EA FOR LIVE TRADING

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
which one you suggest for live trading ?

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
So, what about a 2,5day work week

1,76% for me, left a bit on the table cause I wasn't sure what CAD numbers would do. But again it turned out in pretty much green pips ;-)

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
Mapi,

For short term trading, have you considered equipping Icarus with a fully adjustable LOT MULTIPLIER progression setting and the Waddah Attar Explosion indicator?

This could be used to capture short, explosive moves as price snaps back towards the trend. A high lot multiplier setting would allow a short, explosive move to be profitable without the need of a larger retracement. Regarding the indicator, perhaps the RSI or Stochastics could do the job, but the Waddah Attar Explosion may be the best fit.

This could also be used to run along side of another Icarus that is using longer, softer settings as a kind of support against a long counter trend move with no retracement.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
Yeah, that actually might be it and then they start closing the first order with a loss when they start opening the first order of the 3rd group which adds 0.06 each time and this way they offset the losses for more profits on the last lots and are able to keep the TP very close.

for example;

order 1. - 0.01 lot

order 2. - 0.01 lot

order 3. - 0.01 lot

order 4. - 0.03 lot -> start 0.03

order 5. - 0.06 lot -> +0.03

order 6. - 0.09 lot -> +0.03

order 7. - 0.12 lot -> +0.03

order 8. - 0.15 lot -> +0.03

order 9. - 0.21 lot -> close order 1 then start +0.06 group

There might be a few additions to this like, when they open order 10 which adds 0.06 they'll close order 2 and 3 together to continue.
Hope this can be useful, I think if you can continue the grid for like forever with only taking small losses and the profits making up for when the cycle ends then you'll have something powerful.

Oh and maybe you could add some feature to stop trading after x amount of daily profit.

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
If you got good results on backtest, then it is your prerogative if you want to continue on in live or forward testing. It is not for us to answer what version to use. Use what you have tested. That is the best option.

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
Best for live testing is the version you have used for backtest.

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
See if below example will better reduce DD. let's say Multiplier=2, Hedging Start Group=2

Group1:  (2 layers)

order 1. - 0.01 lot

order 2. - 0.01 lot

Group2:  (4 layers)                   Hedge Group1: (2 layers)

order 3. - 0.02 lot->                  order 1. - 0.01 lot

order 4. - 0.02 lot ->                 order 2. - 0.01 lot

order 5. - 0.02 lot ->

order 6. - 0.02 lot ->

Group3:  (8 layers)                   Hedge Group 2: (4 layers)

order 7. - 0.04 lot ->                 order 3. - 0.02 lot->

order 8. - 0.04 lot ->                 order 4. - 0.02 lot->

order 9. - 0.04 lot ->                 order 5. - 0.02 lot->

order 10. - 0.04 lot ->               order 6. - 0.02 lot->

order 11. - 0.04 lot ->

order 12. - 0.04 lot ->

order 13. - 0.04 lot ->

order 14. - 0.04 lot ->

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
If the demo account your broker provides to you works as the same as its live account, you can then use the same settings on the live account.  However, you have to very careful of this point, some broker's demo account are different to their live account in leverage, spread, and so on.

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
Although I had mentioned before, it is not a good approach to put a hedging mechanism into Icarus. But it is not to say we cannot code another EA for hedging when needed. The EA is only served as a safe guard of Icarus. One can run the EA when hedging is needed and stop the EA when hedging is no longer needed.

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
I would say it is the right approach and focus should be on its selective use.

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
TeChaoliang,

Could not your Robin 2.7 EA serve as a suitable hedge partner for Icarus?

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
I have installed for test in LIVE acct in same broker, where demo test was succesful but due to restriction in EA only can be use for demo, that Icraus 4.31 ATR is bot running in LIVE acct henve requested ,if some one can help me to test in LIVE acct.  I again urge if possible some one can help for LIVE acct testing.

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
Ok, thanks for your reply.

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
The codes of Icarus somewhere did has a restriction for running in a live account.  But the restriction doesn't enable, that is the code is marked off.

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
I am not so sure.  You can test it on the fore test.

I think it is a better way to code a special purpose EA for protecting Icarus by hedging.  The EA is not a grid trading EA, it has its own magic number, but can input the magic number of Icarus.  Then the EA can monitor the performance of Icarus and decide when to put hedging orders (with its magic number) to prevent Icarus from a huge DD.  The EA should also manage two hedging cycles, hedging buys and hedging sells, each orders in the cycle are corresponding to the specific orders they are hedging against.  I think to code such an EA is more easily than to add hedging function into Icarus.

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
This thread is a great read. Just a few general thoughts I had on developing a grid EA that might be useful:

1. Hedging is < some logic that ensures that new long trades are always above prior long trades and new short trades are always below prior short trades and that newer trades are at higher volumes (either greater in number or size). Price always moves somewhere eventually and if you follow this logic eventually your last trade will allow all the underwater trades to resolve, as long as your account doesn't blow up.

2. It doesn't matter how effectively coded your EA is if you overtrade in relation to your margin/account size it will blow up. You'll make more money in the long run by not blowing up.

3. The real holy grail isn't an EA, it's people like @TeChaoLiang who share their knowledge, and code freely. I hope some day I can be as useful. His idea about a 'monitor/overseer' EA is very good.

Good luck, gridders!

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
TeChaoLiang,

A long time ago, 7bit, while developing his snowball EA said the following:

"A combination of grid and anti-grid where the break-even parabola of the anti-grid always lies inside the break-even parabola of the grid and then simply make the ratio of the lot sizes equal to the ratio of the grid widths then this would be the holy grail."

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
I trade grid but not with an EA, 100٪ manually. But maybe I'll try this.

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
hey xxl205

many thanks for kindly sharing your templates and methodology. Seems like a very simple and quick way of semi automated trading to maximise the chances of an edge, with only a small outlay in time every Sunday evening at market open.

One question - in your instructions, you said - 'Best entries for me are when CO_END_OF_TREND and channel-signal new indi all line up and a candle close in other direction happens.'

Now, is that just a retroactive observation, or do you try and only load the template on pairs where those factors are present? I.e. if a pair showed up on the front page chart as a viable pair at market open, but those indicators were not lined up, would you still trade that pair for the week?

thanks, blam

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
You can use the soft4fx simulator for MT4 to use Dukascopy data without having to do the conversion..I believe it's 99 dollars a month(I use a pirated copy I found on some Telegram channel)

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
Good day,

This is my latest backtest results:

(2020.05.01 - 2022.02.17) around 1 year 9 months backtest

Initial deposit 2,000.00

Total net profit 7,242.20

Maximal drawdown 1,325.22 (30.79%)

Progression: Martingale

GS_Progression: Fibo

Not bad at all.

It is now under forward test on a live real money account.

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
I would have wanted to go back further, but in Feb. 2020, there is a very large movement of around 300 pips with almost no retracement. So i have not been able to get past that hurdle. Maybe after there is more improvement on our hedging- we will be able to overcome that problem.

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
After lot many time invested able to get good performance could not able to get in LIVE acct. Sorry to say, I love to watch performing in LIVE acct. Due to which not only me everyone can earn good amount of profit.

I have invested long time in group able to get good result.. If any one in our GROUP can help me for LIVE ... Will be thankful.

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
hey d.dalal333

I've had a look at the source code, and what TeChaoLiang said is true. There is an option to make the EA demo only, but that part of the code is marked off / commented out. So the EA should not be restricted to demo accounts, you should be able to trade it live - I believe others here are trading it live. Could you upload the version of the EA you are using so I can take a look? It could be a broker issue though

blam

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
You can use it for live with no problem. Im using icarus with real money with my broker.

What seems to be the problem?

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
Hi blam,

I load up all charts on sunday night and let the stoch settings take initial trades. If then another signal from channel indi occurs, I check the chart and do some supply/demand out of my stomach ;-) can't really fix this into some rules, price action applies here. See for yourself if you even need those indicators. I use them for alarms on H1 and for entries I will switch to m5 usually.

But I don't load the templates on alarms of the channel-indi / END_OF_TREND indi only, I let them run continuously from sunday on. Until now it has played out very well. So to say I blindly trust the CCFP-Diff level 3+ because from a H1 perspective I personally can't "see" this direction ... but it works ;-)

If you have the three conditions of a chart (up, down, sideways) sortet out in the bigger picture, the entries come naturally, I guess ^^ but yes, deeper pockets for martingale trading can become essential.

CU George

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
Excellent  EURUSD test reports for long term in M1.. i like it

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
thanks for information, i have checked with my broker all other ea works well except particular this "icarus 4.1 atr.. I am struggling  a lot but filed. If any one using in live acct in any broker , pl let me knowthe broker name  will open acct with that specific broker. I don't mind. Waiting for reply

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
as testing is done in live acct, have u try to installed this ea in live acct and did u able to get through for trading, if so let me know will open the acct with same broker. Waiting

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
Sent you a private message, no talking about brokers here in the thread.

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
hey xxl205

thanks for your reply, I'm finding it hard to understand your exact process, although it seems you mean analyze the chart and see what looks bullish and  bearish using eyeballing / technical analysis, and use the ccfp-diff as an aid is that correct?

What I did this week was super simple, I just set the pairs long or short as suggested by the ccfp-diff indi, no subjective analysis on my part (although I dropped Eurnzd because it already looked oversold and at support)

it's made a good start, let's see how it turns out

blam

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
Yes, that I guess is the main goal we're after, (half-)automatic unattended trading ;-)

The reason I was posting in the thread is because I wanted to give my praises to Ikarus being a superb trading tool which helps me with my style.

If I'd like to teach my style of trading, I will open another thread.

So long, just keep going into direction of the WEEKLY LEVEL3+ with whatever method / tool you wish, of course.

I have configured my ccfp-diff to NOT SHOW me any EUR and CHF pairs. GBPCAD got a little dumped too today, but I already closed that falling knife

Cheers and happy trading, George

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Greetings from Dubai, spend some private time here and had some meetings around the IFX here, will be back in the forum next week, but love to see new input here from you...

Cheeerrrss

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Hi guys, week 08 recap : still going strong. Traded no EUR and CHF pairs (will keep that), and GBPCAD was a bit interesting to get out of the ditch.

It is wednesday afternoon, calling it quits for the week, I guess  1.81% profit, and February performance is just a bit behind January... but I really don't care ^^

Cheers, George

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
What Settings , are you using? share with us...

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
which version ea please and what pairs ? timeframe ?  max DD is how much  ? thanks

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
Just a hint : maybe you check my last posts. https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13888942 #1829

Greets George

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
Hi, same as my previous answer : check my last posts https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13888942 #1829

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
Hello Folks,

I'm trying to stay kind, but please show some Recognition. Guys like TechChaoLiang, MaPi, XXL205 and all the others let us share their strategies and allow us to take advantage of them.  Please show some respect and at least make the effort to read the posts that have already been published, even more so if they were just a few days ago.

We all benefit from sharing their know how with us for free. These guys don't have to do that. Just bluntly asking for settings without even making the slightest effort and also expecting you to respond I find quite rude

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
Hi SH1, no worries. It happens anytime that there are less experienced users asking questions.

BUT I agree very much regarding the people not reading at least the last 10+ pages of a thread.

A teacher would have said, that they didn't do their "homework" properly.

As I am no teacher, I will continue to give all the help I can give, as far as my time allows this.

First question is free, second raises an eyebrow and third might make anybody get a little annoyed ;-)

We live in times where all the knowledge is available in written words or even videos. Use Google, Youtube, FF and its threads.

Educate yourself ... it has never been easier. How long would you study, if there is a million dollar job at the end ?

Cheers and happy trading to all. George

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
Hi guys,

just a short notice : due to the ukraine crisis situation I will stop trading live until further notice.

Jumped off the wagon more or less luckily yesterday, before GBP pairs took the ditch.

Take care and think over live trading in these times  all my thoughts are with the ukrainian people, that this really unneccessary bloodshed stops as soon as possible.

Peaceful cheers, George

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Where to find the details of this strategy and how it works?

I only found the following in the first post

which does not say that much. Any pointer, please?

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
This EA was not built overnight to where it is at. So, You just have to backread a lot to be able to understand the bot. I was in the same situation before, but i took time to read and understand.

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
Reporting that my Strategy(Set) for Icarus 4.6 survived the 200+ pips with no floating trades from the market drop left at the end of the trading week.

I havent tried your strategy. I need time to study it.

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Hi,

I was able to regain 3500 € in the last weeks (starting with roughly 1K after getting liquidated in the ECP press conferenc). I did this not by automatic, but with an opinion on EURUSD and Dax and trading with the EA in the direction I was guessing the move...

Love the new input and ideas in combining EA with currency strenght meter, but for the moment I will go on mixing analysis with automization until markets will be a bit calmer again...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
How do you make sure that Icarus only buys or only sells

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
Either you go in the general setting of EA and activate Long only /Short Only or you trade via hot buttons...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
Thanks MaPi, but how in the general settings. What should I change.

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
Thanks for the thorough answer

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
Another technique is to use RSI Trigger on the settings, you can set your RSI in such a way that it will never trigger buy or sell.

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
True, this is my technique, too...Settings do not open trades, so I can do this by hot buttons

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Hey MaPi, you wouldn't by chance consider to implement opening trades via the attached indicator ?

That would be a blast ... ;-)

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
Hello.

I would appreciate this too. some thoughts why:

a) all the indicators make the EA really complex and quite difficult to use, also the chance to fall into a "curve fitting mode" is very high, if you know what I mean.

I still use the original version with the hot buttons* (I follow the signals of the market and my stomach  )

b) automated hedging is very dangerous in my eyes, at least for those with not so big pockets

Maybe I am wrong, but with the basic idea which that indicator provides, it becomes a bit safer.

*perhaps useful for some:

if you set the equity warning in the EA to a very small value, the hotbuttons will turn yellow and you will see more support lines. Then you can see exactly where the respective take profit moves when you trigger an order via the yellow buttons. In addition with a good idea where the market could go, I have recently mastered some difficult situations.

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Hi,

just wonder about the indi, is this a version of ZigZag? I saw the indi repainting when checking it, so what will be the benifit of the indi in the EA?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
Mapi,

If you were to consider a moving average, the Compound Ratio Moving Average (CoRa_Wave) by RedK Trader seems to have all of the best characteristics that I have found. The JMA is the only other thing that is close, I think. Please take a look. See attached.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
Hi MaPi and francis79,

Which verson is this? Where can i find its exe file to download. Please help me.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
Hi, interesting, is ther a thread here in the forum where the MA is explained? Cheers

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
Hi MaPi, yes IMHO it is. It repaints, nevertheless.

I just thought what the heck, we're going martingale anyway  and it is part of my trading style to open multiple trades when that indi alarm pops up.

Because often a normal grid is not enough to recover, as we all know. And to add trades when that indi shows it, has very often been helpful.

One has to work with a global stop loss though.

'twas just an idea, if it is easy to implement it would be nice, if not then just disregard it

Cheers George

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
Hi George,

just wonder when to open trades on signal, just when the alarm hits (so we do not repsect repainting, right)?

I am fine with any indicator this forum here wants to add to the EA, but I can not implement it, I do not have coding skills.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
Hi Mapi,

I do not think so. There is a nice write up on the indicator on Trading View. I believe that this indicator could keep Icarus on track and out of the the deep drawdowns.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
If the Compound Ratio Moving Average (CoRa_Wave) were to be integrated into Icarus, I believe it would need to be traded "with the trend" as it would average into pullbacks in the main trend, which should keep Icarus quite safe. The precision of CoRa_Wave would not allow Icarus to get caught in a massive move against the trend.

Most probably, I would partner Icarus with a CoRa_Wave EA so that we could ride the trend with CoRa-Wave while Icarus cleans up the pullbacks.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
Well, this is very similar to the Semaphore Indicator (where ZigZag is also in play…)

Often when it starts painting a Top/ Bottum the volume starts

to decrease and price starts to increase dramatically (retail trader run) so we have to take this repainting thing very serious, especially when matingale comes in play…

Have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Hello xxl205 and thanks for your version of the system.

Been test driving for a couple of days (only) and so far the results are awesome.

The CCfp_diff setting used is per your FRONTPAGE template, not excluding eur and chf pairs. But now I see you are excluding them.

Would be great if you would explain the reason for this configuration.

It's about two weeks ago; would you keep excluding them? If so for how long?

Many thanks in advance and have a nice weekend.

Akira

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
good to see you're having success with it. I've been testing for a couple of weeks now, and similarly it's made a great start for me

many thanks xxl205 for the share

blam

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
Hello Akira, thanks a lot for sharing your experience, I am pleased to hear that my contribution was / is somewhat helping to steer these rough forex waters ;-)

Well, EUR and CHF pairs may tend to move more unpredictable (or not at all) as others in my opinion. Due to the war we've had big moves in the other pairs.

I think I chose to not trade EUR and CHR pairs when there were around 15 pairs on display.

Glad that the main lessons I've leaned help you out. Do not hedge and take the bigger picture (weekly).

Cheers and happy trading in sad times to y'all. I don't know when I will resume live, maybe less lotsize.

George

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
Heya Blam, also thanks to you for the words and sharing your success !

Just go on, stick to the rules and test test test until you are confident to go live.

Cheers, George !

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
Hi, well yeah, I suppose we'd have to filter down to one signal per candle at least.

I've tried a bit of demo trading on M1 since the war started, just to keep in check my triggerhappyness ^^

The semafore / ziggy / end of trend is good alert to start trading if a cci +-100 break appears for example.

The demo was terminated though due to me not taking it to serious and not sticking to the rules.

I was just wondering because I thought YOU had programmed / modded Ikarus. Never mind.

Cheers George !

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
Thanks George and blam for your reply.

The new week started and this is a real start of my test drive of this system.

The FrontPage list were all Shorts and there are too many, so I opted to swith to level 4, and took the top 3 excluding JPY pairs. Why not JPY pairs? Well from my experience with other systems/trades, I somehow became negative to these pairs. There is no other meaningful reasons.

After 6 hours the current standing is about 50 bucks positive. Let's see how this will grow through the week.

Greenpips to you two and all,

Akira

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
thanks rising sun,

since you have shared your results, we can review all of our data from the CCFp. It feels a little better on a live account when you see the others have the same results.

I also upgraded to level 4, but unlike you I took the JPY values

cheers

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
Hey Akira and SH1, nice to see / hear your setups !

I just don't know if the CCFP_diff actually sorts the pairs it shows by strength. Other strength meters do, but I THINK it does not.

Second thing is your margin ... 0.1 starters at 10k account might be daring, but with only 3 pairs chosen we will see how it plays out.

You have to be the one sleeping well in times you can't attend the screen ^^

Happy trading. I have resumed with 4 pairs GBPAUD GBPCAD GBPJPY and GBPNZD ... starter lots 0.07 at leverage 1:200.

by the way : I switched the stoch entry in Ikarus from M5 to M15, leaving all other settings the same. This should give better entries and reduce the DD.

I am also backtesting with different settings regarding the use of Bollinger Bands.

Cheers George !

pps. I also took in EURAUD and EURNZD, because I am greedy ;-)

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
I shared the source mq4 file for super money grid for us to trace changes from root

Super Money Grid | Elite Trader

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
Hey guys, hope you are doing fine!

Just started opening yesterday a short position with EA in S&P500, all positions are winners and win is secured by MT4 SL. Never mentioned it, but if you manualy trade with EA you can use trailing SL and TP from EA and combine it with SL and Trailing SL from MT4...Pls test this firt on demo before using it on real account...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
[quote=MaPi;13924581]Ehi ragazzi, spero che stiate andando bene! Ho appena iniziato ad aprire ieri una posizione short con EA nell'S&P500, tutte le posizioni sono vincitrici e la vittoria è assicurata da MT4 SL. Non l'ho mai menzionato, ma se fai trading manualmente con EA puoi usare trailing SL e TP di EA e combinarlo con SL e Trailing SL di MT4... Per favore prova questo primo demo prima di usarlo sul conto reale... Saluti! [/Citazione]

Instead of opening, I close manually and versions 4.0 and 4.72 lend themselves well to this other mode

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
Hi guys, I’ve been a silent reader of this thread since its inception and after backtesting and forward testing Ikarus 2.2 for some months now, after reading and studying this thread completely (twice), I have started making some good profits on a live account (standard 1.500 leverage) .

I would like to share with you some “good practices” I’ve developed for myself in order to profit from this wonderful EA safely. You might find these rules are a little bit extreme, but I consider they are necessary given that this EA is a double-edged sword (extremely profitable but extremely risky too).

Protocol to trade with Ikarus 2.2 (against the trend griding) :

1) Choose the most choppy pairs: given that Ikarus 2.2 is an against the trend grid EA it profits with messy markets. That’s why we want to avoid trending market. CADCHF is the most choppy pair in FX market right now and it’s the one I’m using to trade Ikarus (see weekly chart)

2) Set time limits for EA: you definitely don’t want to let it run free in the markets. I personally trade it the first 7 hours of the market and then I turn it off. You want to reduce market exposure as much as possible. If EA makes some quick profits in the firsts hours of trading, call it a day and turn it off. You should also have a profit target for each day. Of course, while the live account is off, you must run EA on a demo account to keep learning, always watching and learning.

3) Avoid high-impact news: turn it off before any important event, at least half an hour before. Remember: you want to avoid big movements and news-events are the most powerful catalysts. NEVER trade during interest-rate decision days. For more security, just don’t trade if you have important news today.

4) Volume progression should be disabled: in order to trade safely, all trades must be executed with minimum lot size. Needless to say, if you want to survive long term (I mean, years) , you must never, never trade using martingale or the like. Small profits, small risk, keep it boring but safe (there isn’t any other way to trade professionally otherwise it’s betting)

5) Grid size: grid size must increase progressively, the reason being that strong movements are the killer of this the EA so as the market moves in one direction we want the EA to trade less and less until it returns to the mean.

6) Leverage and balance: you definitely need deep balance or high leverage in order to survive losing streaks.

7) Location: the EA profits from choppy markets so we want to start trading near high-traded areas of the price. I personally use POC and Value Area (see market profile studies) or if you want a more simple approach just open the EA near some moving average (not when price is far from it). Studying some “mean reversion” systems might help understand the concept.

8) Take-profits: the EA is not very good taking profits for it doesn’t close extremely profitable trades and it lets them return near it’s entry price until they are closed with the profit-lock function. This is an important weakness. So if some trades are very profitble close them manually and you will make a huge difference at the end of the day.

Hope this helps someone!

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
Mariano,

Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
1.Perfect trading plan. If you can lay out some general ideas for identifying any symbol's choppiness characteristics, how would you go about it. In other words how would you screen a set of symbols - those could be for any kind of CFD not necessarily a forex pair.

2. Any links to the mean reversion system that you have found useful for sideways or non trending trading?

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
Not perfect, just good advice. Part number 4 and number 8 could be part of a series for near-perfect trading

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
Just turned off Ikarus after first trading day of the week. As I said, I only trade the first 7-8hs of the markets and then I walk away before big -news come out. I pulled down $4.12. I'm tempted to increase lot-size, but I'm still learning how to use Ikarus, so I'll be patient.

Largest profit $2.35 was closed manually. EA would have let it go back to opening price. As I said, Ikarus is a great tool but needs to be moderated.

Now I'm eyeing USDCAD it seems more choppy than CADCHF on the weekly chart, what do you guys think?

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
We have inflation data coming on wednesday for CAD, so forget about CADCHF AND USDCAD for this week. We'll have to find another pair

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
Second trading day of the week. Profit $1.85. EA is proving extremely consistent for me 4th day green in a row, netting $19.62 since last week. I will soon increase lot size.

I decided to trade CAD again despite incoming inflation data tomorrow...I figured out the market would be choppy until the data is released.

This thread is so quiet lately, Is anyone else trading live with it besides MaPi?? Come on guys, you are never going to find a risk-free system/ea....this one is pretty good you should run the risk at least with a cent account

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
I am trading live. Here is the result of my latest set file of icarus. Doing really good.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With very small drawdown even during volatile times the past 2 weeks.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This has been running since Feb. 22

And I have pretty decent profit.

I am trading eurusd, on a standard account.

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
With the correct settings, You should be able to leave icarus and let her work the way that it should. A grid trading robot that will take care of drawdown even if they are substantial. I have yet to prove this in forward live test as my new settings has just been running for about a month, but in my backtesting, my settings survive for 3 years backtesting, without margin call.

You just need a little patience in understanding every aspect.

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
Great. I believe it's very important to share how we are doing with the EA to motivate others and learn from each other's perspective on the EA, a kind of "social -grid trading"  forget about being so secretive about your trading please....we are so tiny in this huge market it's not going to make any difference. The best we can do is learn from each other ... that's the right way

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Hi Mariano,

You are doing very well. Let me ask how you came to choose this pair? And why you are trading both ways long and short?

I understand the system is to choose the pairs for long only and short only with CCFp-Diff_[v2.0-MTF] at the beginning of the week. It is as follows and I don't see your pair in it: Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Would be great to hear your comments.

Thanks and have a great day!

RS

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
I choose the most choppy pair just by analysing it in the monthly / weekly chart. I don't have any method to determine which pair is more choppy, just price action, for example the ones which are inside a triangle or have been choppying around for a while. CADCHF was inside a triangle until recently now it broke out so it doesn't seem to be the best option anymore.

this is how Ikarus 2.2 EA works, It opens both buy and sell at the same time.

I don't know what you mean....Ikarus is a grid trading EA you don't have to choose a side, that's the beauty of it.

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Thanks Mariano for your answer.

I wasn't careful enough to realize you are using 2.2 EA. Sorry about that.

I am using 4.31 EA by xxl205 https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13888942 which is largely different.

Anyway, 2.2 EA is the original, and I should restudy it with your input in mind.

Thanks again and green pips

RS

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
İ have an hedging idea to be coded to the ikarus EA.İs there any body to code this to the EA.

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
Hello MaPi,

Good EA you have here. Just a request, can you do a version where not using trailing stop please? I just want it to close once set TP reach without trailing stop. Also any coder who can help I really appreciate.

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
Just set profit lock to 1.0 to solve your request.

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
I tried but not working. It goes far beyond TP line without close.

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
Starting in both directions is bullshit. Useless expense and waste of time. Coverage is too. Trading requires a choice that is sometimes good and sometimes bad. The trading system has to remedy when it goes wrong.

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
That's precisely my point. You have to close profitable trades manually....it would be great to have a TP function

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Thanks, Mapi, going to trial on demo and see how it goes.  Thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
At the take profit line, it passes beyond and does not close with profit lock set to 1.0? I have tested extensively and do not have this problem. What version are you using?

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
I know for 2.2 and when I used later versions I saw the same thing.  Maybe it's my misunderstanding of what profit lock means though.  In the following picture (2.2) you can see the blue line being the 'take profit' however the price goes way above it, locks and then drops back down again below 'take profit' without closing  the buy side.

Attached Image

Using a profit lock of 1.0 it was the following:

Current Profit: $1.91

Goal:$2

Maximum reached: $4.91

Profit locked: $4.91

Here is the result after some more time:

Attached Image

Current Profit: $-4.26

With profit lock of 1.0 shouldn't it of just closed at $2?  I was half expecting it to close the buy when it dropped back down to the 'take profit' goal but I didn't expect it to keep dropping to a 'large' loss.

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
After checking 4.31 using the same values / settings the functionality works as expected, the buy trades in the same scenario are closed correctly.  You can ignore my previous post.  I'll just have to use the later version and disabled any extra features I don't need.

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
This thread has been quiet lately with regards to further development. I sense that a lot of us are already profitable with our own settings and adjustments.

Maybe just to keep the fire alive in this thread. I would like to share my expectations whenI set up Icarus for my own use.

I use it on Eurusd only because this is where i am most comfortable with. I studied long trending situations on this pair over the past 3 years.

That is why my 99.9% backtest workflow is based on the last 3 year period.

Using BB as my only trigger,

Using progression - 3 fibonaci

using gs_prog - 0 fixed - this should be carefullly thought of as too small will burn you, too big will give you long drawdowns. (Best to control in ATR)

Using ATR, this is the best kept secret, have the right mix of period, gs_multiplier and tp multiplier for the ATr and you will not have big drawdowns. the small retracements would hit my take profit 85% of the time.

By using ATR: dynamic grid size and dynamic tp is really a game changer. I know a lot has not been using this. But you really have to study this. By having static GS and static TP, you will get burned on contratcting or expanding grid size.

Backtest has to survive for 3 years

Backtest will have static lot size of .01, Scaleability will be easy once we have baseline.

Backtest should not have a maximal drawdown bigger than 90% of my initial fund (margin call protection)

monthly profit %(based on initial fund) should at least be 8% a month.

I do not intervene in times of drawdown, i let the system run.

The screen shot that i posted a few posts up has all passed those conditions and is doing fantastic. Hopefully more forward live trading will solidify my strategy.

So anybody wants to share their workflow?

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Thanks for your insights, francis79 - which icarus version are you using ? 4.31 ATR or ?

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
i am using icarus 4.6 and Icarus 4.72. They have slight differerence in hedging. Both version has good ATR.

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
Hi Francis, is it possible can you provide your ATR settings, salamat.

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
There are a lot of factors to consider, including pair traded and broker. Its not a one size fits all.

I am not selfish, but i hope you understand that i will not share actual settings/set files publicly. I dont want to be blamed also if something goes wrong. You can PM me and i would gladly help if my time permits.

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
Thanks Francis, I started playing around with the settings and back reading the threads to understand fully the logic of the EA, I do it in live account already by your setting post above and I do back test also and is doing great. Still I cannot PM you, once I'm allowed I will send you a message, thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
Hi guys, been quiet a bit due to personal reasons.

I took a hit some days ago, because it went against me and I decided to cut the losses.

Finally it would have turned in my favour again, but I decided to go safe and move on.

On monthly basis march turns out to be positive non the less.

Meanwhile I have taken Ikarus 4.31 ATR and modded it myself

I managed to get a version going, where I changed the BB entries into changing to a CCI entry.

It now triggers the first trade when CCI 25 moves over the +/- 100 level on M15 (was H1 in my original settings via stochastics)

I am live again with these modifications and have made quite some progress with an even lower DD.

Will post again when time allows me to do so.

Cheers, George !

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
Hello,

I think you guys could implement a dynamic grid level, and news filter, could be a great improvement.

Regards

»»————- Remember it's only my personal opinion, i'm not giving financial advice ————-««

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Hi,

Am using this currency strength indicator with good success. Set it for week and the level 3.0. Hope you may find it useful.

RS Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached File(s)   ### Basket 2 ### 1701.ex4

60 KB
|
676 downloads

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
Hi RS !

Glad to see you looking around and trying other indicators. I've seen this one in the past, but I have never exactly looked into the logics.

Trying out is always the best method  but you also use the weekly level 3 settings, which is quite similar to the CCFp indicator.

I've had a bit different pairs this week, but it also turned out to be really ok. I have closed up all trades a few minutes ago and will resume next week due to market being flat and many news including NFP until friday.

I didn't have time to perfect my templates for the CCI EA at the moment, but hope to get it done soon.

Happy trading and green pips, cheers George

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Hello guys,

First of all, thanks to the coders for sharing their work with us.

I would like to know if someone has thought about including pending orders buttons to the EA so you can put some orders to tigger when price move to a certain value.

I'm testing it with GBPUSD magic=0 so I can put my orders and the EA will start managing them afterwards, but this way I can't trade any other symbol manually in the same account.

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
Hi,

Im trading an old version of Icarus (224) on a cent account. This was since last year on my todo list, today i made it. I look for low DD systems.

I'll keep you updated and try to add more and more currencies.

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Hello,

Respect MaPi and all who sharing work with us.

I found some issue in v4.72. When lots progression is 0 (min_lots) the 3th order doesn't open.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
Im actually moved on to version 4.31ATRGridUpdate and have an issue with the ATR changes.

In my opinion, we have to wait till buy AND sell cycles are closed to recalculate the grid sizes.

I made the changes (see picture), (comment out in buy and sell).

I dont see the connection, if the variables of the ATR changes during open buys or sells, but the BT definitely brings different results.

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
previously, ATR would just compute 1 time and then that is the ATR value and won't change.

Somebody fixed that, and made it constantly change even in the middle of a buy or sell cycle, therefore, making the next trades of the cycle dynamically change the GS_progression and TP because of the ATR. And i have read from Mr. Techaoliang that we need another variable to make it a "Per cycle" rather than a dynamically changing ATR.

I have lived with the dynamic ATR, i think most of the time it works, because if there is a trend mid cycle, the grid automatically expands and therefore expands the gridsize which makes the trades a little farther away.

But i also think having a "per cycle" ATR value can also work for smaller maximum trades.

So were you able to edit Icarus to a "per cycle" ATR?

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Hi francis79,

Im fully aware of all the discussion before.

What I meant to say was, with version 4.31ATRGridUpdate, the grid is changed when buy==0 OR sell ==0.

So for example a sell postion is open, the grid is changed(while buy is zero), and this shouldnt happen during an existing cycle.

Im still learning Icarus and put most effort in BT and reading code. I dont know if I can do "per cycle" ATR but i will put some effort in it.

I prefer breakout strategies in trending markets, this performs already well with 4.31, there is still potential in SL an TP settings.

Blessing EA has some more options on this side, the next step I'll try to trade my icarus strats on blessing.

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
Dear all,

happy to see you are continuing the work I started last year, unfortuntly work and private life are keeping me busy so I can just sometimes jump in here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see I recoverd my account from double liquidation in Feb/Mar, but still need aroung 2K to be break even. Currently I do not run EA on auto due to the fact I am lacking time for doing intense backt and fronttesting, so I start a cycle when I have an opinion on the direction of a market, sometimes also using Currency Strenght Meter (Check in the forum for MADdash, this is my favorit) and opening a cycle when I see potential (e.g. just did this again for AUDJPY).

Will try to be here sometimes,

Cheeeerrsss!

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
First day of Nasdaq breakout strategy, to choppy, to much trades, ill try to improve this

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
Regarding "This is your way to see the only pairs you're gonna trade", I thought this grid EA can only do one currency chart only. It becomes unstable to use it on multiple currencies at the same time. Is that so?

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
Hi, nope the templates work as posted  even if you use magic 0. If have used SMG / Icarus for a VERY LONG time now and trust me, that works.

How do you mean "unstable" exactly ?

Cheers, George

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
Thanks for responding. My understanding is that Icarus does not properly manage capital risks when one trading account is used on multiple charts because the "Account_Risk" is a parameter used on the overall account and not per chart basis. Here is the discussion on that: topic https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...0#post13808770

Your suggestion is to take multiple currency pairs at the same time. What do we need to do to ensure the EA runs smoothly?

- I read we need to change the magic number used per chart.

- But what else do we need to change to accommodate running the same EA on multiple charts?

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Hello.

I am not a programmer, but I also like ATR)) so I tried to make the grid flexible and lively. I slightly changed the code and now the distance between orders depends on the ATR value at the moment the order was opened. Please check. I've only done one test and I'm pretty happy with it.

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Hi Ksen,

Thanks for this new type of Ikarus, I'm trying to do a backtest but I'm getting this error, can you please check it, I really want to test your version of Ikarus, It seems interesting, I tried to forward test it in Demo, is that normal it's opening a several trade, for me it opened four trade.

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
Hi, thx for feedback. I fixed this essue.

And I reloaded mql-file.

Also I want to write about changes in my file (I should have done that in my previous post):

1/ Cut all indi

2/ Cut work time

3/ Add multiplicator for Martingale in GridStep and Lot progression (now you can change it not only 2.0) But I can't solve the problem with rounding the lot when the martingale progression is small, for example 1.1 with a lot of 0.01 (when multiplied, the result is always a lot of 0.01)

4/ More convenient progression selection (more visual)

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
Hi ksen,

Thank You!

Can you further explain the new improvements that you have done?

What does Martingale progression - 2 do actually?

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
I think having indicators rsi and bb at least, would better tame icarus. Hope you can bring it back with your version. And also hope you can explain the new features.

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
Hi Ksen,

Thanks for the update, the backtest is working already but the placing of order is still the same, it's placing four orders (2 buy and 2 sell) instead of 2 only (1 buy and 1 sell).

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
I'm trying to fix it. I probably hastened to spread my version, it is still raw, like me in terms of programming)))

I found more problems. When choosing a grid step other than ATR, orders are opened immediately in a bunch. Maybe someone from experienced programmers will figure it out faster?

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Disable in settings “initiate both cycle when indicators is used”.

Let it be for now. Hhow to do it programmatically I'll figure it out later

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
It work, I will do some testing.

Thanks Ksen.

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
Critical results worth analyzing:

Having a drawdown of 91%

Initial fund of 10,000usd, with biggest drawdown of 25,000.

I think this  set of parameters is a fail for backtesting.

At any point of the backtest, your maximum drawdown should not go near the initial fund.

Otherwise that's a sign that your bot could margin call anytime moving forward.

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
can you upload the settings?

im assuming you ran some optimization testing, can you upload that template?

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
I agree with you, thx for your thoughts, but it was just a test to see if everything was well. And I can't do backtest and optimization correctly)

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
Here you are. One for 4.72__flexATR, the next one for 4.73__flexATR. But I did't do optimization testing.

4.73__flexATR is full version with indicators and flexible ATR

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
Ksen,

I haven't extensively tested your 4.73 flex atr, but my first test run was great. I need a few days to tweak settings.

Great job in editing ATR.

I'll give you update soon.

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
" I slightly changed the code and now the distance between orders depends on the ATR value at the moment the order was opened"

What does this exactly mean now? Does ATR use the same value for a whoe cycle of buy and sell? how does it differ from before?

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
The step between the previous and new order will be equal to atr at the moment. This way the step will not be fixed for the whole cycle, it will change for each order

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
Attached File(s)   Ikarus_4.72.mq4

143 KB
|
397 downloads

can you plz make one more change in this version we have to book first position loss when third position execute and when 4th position execute 2nd position book its loss every 3rd position execute first position book its loss so always we have only two positions against the trend coz after third position first position loss making huge loss and it is useless

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
Hi at all,

Just a short update, I am closing in reaching break even on my Real account still starting cycles manually when having an opinion or a swap friendly pair is suggested by currency strenght meter.

My yearly goal to make it to the top 10 real accounts looks like Mount Everest now, especially I am only allowed to realize 5k of losses due to a stupid tax law in my country (Full tax on all profits but just 20K of losses to calculate against the wins, waiting for the court to bring this down). But never say no, I am ready to get on this trail!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am good in dreaming big and bad in giving up, so let's freaking fly!

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
Hey MaPi, yeah tax laws (here) are pretty stupid. But it's no hard labour, is it ? ^^

I was on holiday over eastern and decided to take a few days off trading, but non the less doing pretty ok

My method also is a mixture of Icarus and manual trading, so please no more requests on how I do that.

There is no full auto money mode available in any market IMHO.

Greets and happy break even ! George

ps. the spike in DD you can see is where GBPUSD went bonkers and I wasn't paying attention at first ;-)

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
Hi Ksen,

I circumvented the problem, by using Cent account, thereby using bigger lot size. 1.0 min lot instead of .01 min lot. I am testing now.

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
hello dear masters

Can I ask you to add the following indicator to Icarus_4.31_ATRGridUpdate?

I need it to buy or sell when it signals

thank you Attached File(s)   KLASPROFSignal-bbbtakt.mq4

42 KB
|
391 downloads
Attached File(s)   Icarus_4.31_ATRGridUpdate.mq4

249 KB
|
370 downloads

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
Hi everyone,

I have just found this thread a few weeks ago and I am now in love with this EA. Thank MaPi and everyone else helps to make it better.

Normally I am almost always a silent reader. But this time I want to be a contributor, to develop it more and find the best strategy with your help.

I am not a coder but have a short knowledge of mql4 so I have made a new version of this EA and share it with you guys.

Icarus V4.75 ThangNguyen

List of changes:

1. Fix Restricted working time function: The last one does not work properly

2. Add EMA Trend Filter: to avoid trading against the trend. EMA trend filter can work with BB, RSI, Stoch, and All.

3. Add an option to continue after risk stop: Normally if account risk < 1, when risk stop happens, the EA will stop. Now I make it only close all losing trades and keep running after that.

4. Add some BB_Mod

Enjoy.

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
Thanks,

Can you explain how to use your EMA Trend filter?

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
Hi Francis79, Here is the code for EMA Trend.

bool EMA_Buy() {

double EMA1 = iMA(Symbol(),EMA_tf,EMA_Period,0,MODE_EMA,PRICE_CLOSE,1);

double EMA2 = iMA(Symbol(),EMA_tf,EMA_Period,0,MODE_EMA,PRICE_CLOSE,2);

double EMA10 = iMA(Symbol(),EMA_tf,EMA_Period,0,MODE_EMA,PRICE_CLOSE,10);

if(EMA1 > EMA2 + EMA_filterlevel* Point && EMA1 > EMA10 + EMA_filterlevel*10* Point) {return(true); }

else {return(false);}

I compare EMA values on bar 1, 2 ,and 10. Buy signal if EMA1 > EMA2 + filter level and EMA1 > EMA10 + filter level x 10.

EMA filter level filter the trendline steepness angle. So the higher the EMA filter level, the stronger the trend is.

EMA10 is used to make sure the trendline steepness is stable for at least 10 bar.

If EMA trend filter is enabled, it will work with each or all other indicators. It does not work alone because it is just a confirmation signal.

If you have any idea to make this EA better, I will see if I can do it (I am not a coder but I will try my best).

I can trigger trading signal base on almost any indicator that draw value to the chart (not if it only show text), with or without sourcecode file.

I can change some of the the EA behaviors but I can not recode the main algorithm because it is too complicate for me.

For everyone: My email: { email address deleted by staff } . Text me if any of you want to. But please don't ask me to do anything just come up in your mind.

I will only consider ideas that I think good. And if you guy find something interesting, please share with me too.

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
After a few weeks of backtesting this EA, I have a thought, Hope you guys can discuss them with me:

Should we NOT use the normal trading entry for this EA. Normal entry with Sl and TP, try to predict future big move. This EA takes advantage of the choppy market. A sudden big move or strong trend against the trade can blow the account in one bar only. Normal entry may help to close a cycle faster most of the time, but also can leave us on the top of the pine tree if it is wrong. I have tried some normal criteria and they make a deeper drawdown.

If not the normal trading entry, what is the criteria best fit for this EA?

Maybe entry point is not the most important thing, risk management is. Grid setting and ATR Multiplier can be savers or killers. What settings you are using?

Is there any idea to make it better in risk management?

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
Hello again guys, I would like to know if someone has ever tried to add a recovery system to the EA, I'm working with one I think it could be interesting.

The idea is that, after X lot/order the EA will try to close the first and last trades in profit, this would help to keep DD lower than now and take advantage some price bounces

I have attached an image so maybe it is easier to see what I mean.

Let's say we decide the recovery system should start after the 3rd opened position, then if the price rolls back enough so the sum of the first and last trades are in profit for a set amount of $ or pips the EA will set an independent SL in profit for those trades, if the price reverse against you, you will get some profit and reduce the risk of the opened trades, the EA will again open new trades if the price keeps going against you, in that case we could decide if the EA keeps adding lots like if nothing happened or if the new trades will take into account there are less lots at risk to set up a new lot volume.

I hope I have explained what I meant, english is not my mother tongue.

Thanks for your time and good luck.

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
In theory, This is what the setting " Hedging Order to balance" does. you can give it a try.

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
Hi ThangNguyen,

I have a slightly different perspective on how your EMA could be used as a component of Icarus. It seems to me that Icarus is a fantastic tool for collecting profits when market action provides frequent pullbacks within ranges or trends. In this environment, we can run Icarus in both directions, all the time, with success. The problem is the potential trend that comes along (rather frequently) without sufficient pullbacks to allow Icarus to close out trades in profit.

What if we use your EMA trend filter to step in around level 4 or 5, trading with the trend, to help close out the group of trades together in a basket. This would allow Icarus to trade all the time in both directions as the market chops around but will be fortified by your EMA trend filter to close out profitably when a trend is established. This way we don't have to wait for a destructive and beastly trend to pullback before we can get out successfully.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
Hi Umberleigh,

I understand your opinion but please correct me if I am wrong.

EMA or all other trend indicators calculate trends based on past prices. If you already trade and the new strong trend comes up against you, there is no way to close those trades profitable without sufficient pullbacks. When the first trade against the trend keep losing money and keep opening new order to cover it and lose more, the opposite trades that follow the trend are already close in profit one by one. Nothing there to balance the loss.

The only 2 options here are to enable "Hedge order to balance" or close losing trades to protect the account if the trend is too steep.

Hedge order to balance is an option with a cost of high risk because you will have more big lot trade on the table.

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
Hi ThangNguyen,

Yes, I think you are correct. In my mind, the "with the trend" entries that are based on your EMA would not act exactly as a hedge, but would instead act independently, as it would close the "with the trend" EMA trades based on the EMA readings irrespective of the "counter-trend" losing trades. Any profit earned by the "with the trend" EMA trades would accrue to the TP calculation, thereby allowing the entire group of trades to be closed out quicker.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
Do you mean a revenge trade? A revenge trade to cover that loss must be a very big lot. And push the risk further. What if the market turns around right after the revenge trade is open?

I have tried the revenge strategy before, but my experience was not good.

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
If I'm not mistaken Hedging recovery system open oposite trades to the current ones to help to take advantage of the trend and try to close orders with profit, what I was talking about is to use the common pull backs of the trend your trades are in and use them to close the oldest orders so, even in the case you are in a strong trend against your initial trade, you still have the chance to recover, you only need to find a strong enogh pull backs.

I have attached another pick, the green circles are zones where you could close trades with enough profit to compensate some of the losing ones, and the red zone where new trades will be opened again as the price resumes its trend after the pull back, then with those new trades, but with less losing ones to compensate, you have better chances to end the whole cycle with profit

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
I'm not familiar with the "revenge trade". The goal of this "with the trend" trade(s), would simply be to lessen the burden of reaching the TP required to close out the group of trades. The lot size would not have to be equal to the "counter-trend" losing trades. It could be 50% or 25%. Worst case scenario would be that the market turns around before the EMA signals an exit. This would create a manageable loss instead of allowing an account threatening trend to blow up the account.

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
@Leeoo,

Currently, The hedging system opens new big lot trade on both sides at the same time when you reach the max position. Then it tries to thin out the old trade to reduce drawdown while waiting for a big pullback or trend change. because it opens both side trades, I find out sometimes makes it harder to close all losing trades.

About what you talking about trying to close some trade at the pullback, it is what "Thin out the grid" does, right?

I see the problem here is the grid size currently is not based on the pullbacks signal. If we can make it only open the next grid trade on the pullback signal, we will have a better chance to close those trades.

@Umberleigh,
I understand what you mean, but for now, I think if we can change the algorithm of the grid size as I told above to Leeoo, we can have a better chance and less risk.

If we try to do so, how can we identify a potential pullback signal?

What do you guys think?

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
ThangNguyen,

I think that may be a great idea. So let me see if I understand you correctly.

-Enter the first trade via your EMA Trend Filter signal (with the trend).

-Average in with the second trade based on a pullback signal (generated by another indicator)

-This idea would keep us at the point of making each trade useful and relevant instead of just randomly adding new positions based on distance.

-Each "averaging" trade would give us the legitimate chance to ride a pullback to profitability based on a high quality pullback signal.

Is this basically correct?

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Yes, you get it right Umberleigh.

Changing the second trade position not based on grid size may be too complicated for me. But I will see what I can do. This means we are touching the main algorithm and this one may be no longer a grid EA .

Here I have made an upgrade version for EMA trend. I added Option Mode to it.

Mode - Following: Only open trade with the trend, and the current trend is stronger than the trend filter level.

Mode - Avoid Counter: Allow both directions to trade if the current trend is weaker than the trend filter level. If the current trend becomes stronger than the filter level, the opposite trade won't open.

I also add comments about trend settings to make backtest easier.

While I am forcusing on coding new algorithm changes. you guys can test this version first. Don't forget me if you find something good.

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
Excellent thinking! You're right...Mapi might get you for what could be a "non-grid" suggestion However, even though the grid distance is affected under your plan, the grid based lot size might not be. You may need to keep the grid based lot sizing in order to have the fire power to ride the pullback all the way back to profitability.

We'll see.

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
I don't understand why my EA don't work on sp500... there's a special setting?? It doesnt open a single operation...

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
Hi Thang, can you please provide what changes you made, because you didnt publish the mq4 file.

Probably depends on your brokers lot size - try 1.0 lot (in demo plz)

PS: Stats from Icarus NQ Breakout strategy

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
Hi thangnguyen.

What indicator you use to detect pullback when you open the second trade.

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
First half day of live demo trading with your EMA Trend Filter leading the way. This is based on the EURUSD H1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
Hi Everyone,
Thanks to all the contributors to this thread. I have been testing the different versions with some success but am still not clear on how the "Take Profit" and "Profit Lock" settings work.
From the original post:
take_profit: Setting for securing profit of the cycle with a trailing stop.
profit_lock: Percentage of profit secured by trailing stop.
I had assumed that "take profit" was the aggregate profit in account currency at which the trailing stop was triggered and "profit lock" was the percentage of that profit that was then locked once triggered.
So, for example, if the settings were 20 and 50% respectively, then when profit for all open orders for that pair hit say $20 and a trailing stop would be started at $10 ($20 x 50%).

However, I have not been able to replicate this in practice.

Also, I am unclear how the trailing stop actually trails the price i.e. trailing step.

Can someone please confirm how these settings work?

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
First full day of live demo trading with your EMA Trend Filter leading the way. EURUSD H1

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
Looks very promising Umberleigh,

Did you backtest it? How does it perform in long run?

I have sent you a private message. Please check

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
It seems to me that your EMA Trend Filter and also the Grid Partial Close is having a positive impact on Ikarus' performance. So far, market behavior has been favorable. We'll how these settings handle a more challenging market environment on the course of the week.

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
-Maybe use the EMA Trend filter to select the direction of the initial trade...and keep the first 3 or 4 trades based on grid progression...then bring in the EMA Trend Filter again to handle the 5th, 6th 7th trades...etc., as a featured option. The idea here is to make sure that we are entering these higher level trades at critical points that give us the best chance of exiting the cycle successfully.

-It would be cool to have an option that would allow us to initiate a "pyramiding with the trend" feature (as opposed to "averaging with the trend) to help deal with certain problematic market behavior. This would allow Ikarus to average and pyramid simultaneously.

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
Hi, I might be quite but I still am around and like the discussion you guys are having. If you change the logic of Icarus and it will help stabilizing I am open to it.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
Thats Drawdown amazing, how long you back test it bro ?

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
This is a live demo. Over time, more and more I have relied on live demo testing instead of back testing. I have developed many trading strategies in the past that do impossibly well on back test, but reveal their weakness only in live testing. So, I have not completed back testing for this.

This is only one day of live demo testing. Market behavior has been favorable so far. We haven't been challenged by a long, smooth trend yet.

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
That is exactly what I am about to do Umberleigh.

New version 4.79 is here with the custom grid feature.

Custom grid position = 0 : disable

if Custom grid position > 0: From that position, When the price hit the SL line, instead of opening a new average trade immediately, EA starts to consider opening a new average trade base on the same new trade criteria. it means including indicators and EMA trend.

I attached 2 images showing how it works in backtest.

- Without Custom grid, this death trade will blow the account after opening average buy trades on a strong down trend. this trend will keep going down for 1 month before reversing. Only one day, drawdown is 6.6k / 10k.

- With Custom grid set to 4. After opening 3 trades as normal, the EA stops opening new trades on a strong opposite trend. you can see the first death trade was closed in this image with a drawdown of only 2.6k. It takes 27 days to close this trade but it survives.

Something I can not do is change take profit line when using custom grid. because the math to calculate and draw TP and SL line are too complicated for me to touch. But after the backtest, I found it still work as expected. Just ignore the TP line, If you are using custom grid, the EA will close all trades before touching it.

Let's test this version, guys.

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
Hi, Toaster, My new code for working time:

if (Restricted_Working_Time) {

if(weekday >= StartDay && weekday <= StopDay && hour * 3600 + minute * 60 >= StartHour * 3600 + StartMin * 60 && hour * 3600 + minute * 60 <= StopHour * 3600 + StopMin * 60)

{

tradetime = true;

}

else tradetime = false;

}

return(tradetime);

Hope it help.

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
2nd full day of live demo trading Ikarus_4.77_EMA Trend. We had mostly favorable market behavior with the exception of a 1200 point spike on the 1 hour chart. We survived the spike and profited nicely but it was a challenge.

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
Thang,

This is great. You are doing great work, not only in your coding but also in your strategic thinking and surely in your excellent ability to communicate clearly. Thank you for your time and effort on this great project.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
Hi, i take this error: "Ikarus_4.79_Custom grid EURGBP,H1: zero divide in 'Ikarus_4.79_Custom grid.mq4' (954,35)", What can i do?, Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
Hello,

Thanks for your effort and interesting improvement into this expert.

Could be possible to add information on the indicator which is currently giving the signal?

rob

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
Rob, if you look back a few pages, I believe Thang wrote up a short, concise description of how the EMA Trend Filter operates.

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
I meant which indicator is giving a buy or sell signal at the current moment.

for example, if we have set that all indicators shall be applied to open trade then you do not know which indicator is giving the i.e buy signal and for which we must wait. so we can have BB signal buy but not WPR and so on.

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
Am I missing out on something?

I'm trying your4.79 version in backtest. But It just hangs, even if I don't use EMA filter.

The last version i tried was 4.75, and it works.

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
We finally got a move in EURUSD that was too long and smooth to handle. Should provide an excellent opportunity for study as we build and "anti-fragile" version of Icarus. This version of Icarus 4.77 did not have the new EMA Trend Filter functional yet (as I understand it right now).

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
Francis79,

Great to have you working on this with us. I am having trouble in my attempt to back test 4.79 also. Thang is working on it. However, I am running a live demo on 4.79. It survived the big, smooth (meaning no pullbacks strong enough to close out TP) last night, whereas the 4.77 version results that I have been posting blew up. Both had the same settings, except 4.79 had the EMA Trend Filter enabled.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
Thank You, i will wait for Thang's update.

I will send you a PM, once i get the hang of the EMA filter. Doing some strategy testing now.

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
My initial tests have drastically lowered drawdowns.

But, Can I ask A question? I have not been successful using the Hedge function... it almost always blows up when used together with EMA filter. Are you experiencing the same?

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
Yes, I have not had successful results using the hedge function thus far, although I haven't tested it much. I feel it is incomplete somehow. It may need to be governed by an indicator instead of being an absolute hedge. This is close to what Thang is trying to do with his EMA Trend Filter in his most recent work.

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
Since a move strong enough and smooth enough to cause Icarus problems should be detectable by any number of indicators, it seems we should be able to fire off a series of trades "with the trend" that could fortify Icarus as it waits on a successful pullback to occur. It wouldn't need to be perfect to help Icarus ride out the rough spots.

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
Hi Francis79,

I am using the same version 4.79 to backtest now without a problem. Can you check the backtest journal for any errors?

Do you mean you fail to run the strategy backtest but you still be able to run on the live demo account? what account you are login in MT4 while backtesting the EA. If it is a real account, please try login a demo account.

Your question about using the hedge function and custom grid at the same time: Please skip using the hedge function for now, I am experimenting something new on it because I think it does not do a good job saving the death trade like Umberleigh said. Otherwise, if you are using custom grid, the distance between average trade can spread a lot wider than normal, so the old hedge function no longer can balance and thin out the grid anymore while adding more big lot trades on both side. That is how it blows the account. That is why I plan to change the original hedge function to something else, like a follow trend recover group of trades, triggered by an extremely strong trend like Umberleigh recommended.

The original idea of cutom grid is to survive a medium-long strong smooth trend. The next step is to revive if it won't reverse. It won't be easy for a beginner coder like me (I am a CG artist and I have just learned MQL4 myself for a few months). So please be patient with me

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
Hi,

As I explained when releasing that version, It is based on the same Indicator signal that you set for opening a new first trade.

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
Rob,

Great question. I'm not 100% sure. I believe the signal to trade is determined purely by grid level price action (price movement in a particular direction), then, if you have all indicators set to "true" and any one of the indicators individually set to "true", then the indicator(s) function as a filter, but not technically as an initiator of trades.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
Rob,

Better go with what Thang just said. His mind is deep in the code and understands the coding nuances much better than I do.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
It is based on the option " All selected indicators will be applied together" . It is still there before I made new changes.

If it is set to true: open new trade only if all indicators allow.

if it is set to false: open new trade if one of the three allows.

Please note that for now, EMA trend does not work alone, It only works with at least 1 of the three indicators.

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
Can you say which indicator was triggering the buy signal on that example? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
I have been following this thread for a long time. And I wonder all the time. I ask with concern and honestly.

Why are you putting so much energy into nurturing bad entrances and recover them?

Wouldn't it be better to charge this energy into the invention

a) How to quickly discover and exit a bad entrance

b) how to nurture and accumulate good inputs

While you are trying to save a bad entry, your equity is blocked and you are losing many other good entries during "recovery" time.

IMHO

1. constantly monitoring and then reacting to whether our position is "close" to the market. If it is not, you have to run away

2. have a large free equity, so that there is enough space to be not "close" to the market.

In other words: optimizing exposure against expected ROI and known trading system performance (profit ratio, win/ratio, drawdowns, sharpe ratio)

3. have a diversified portfolio for risk mitigation

these are just my thoughts  the same intellectual energy can be devoted to this approach.

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
I think the answer lies with the idea that we cannot predict the future with any certainty. Bad entries or good inputs have no real meaning when a market can and will change direction on you in an instant...and apparently for no reason.

We do have access to hundreds of EA's that purport to do exactly as you suggest. Many of these EA's can do well when operating in a specifically favorable market environment. Unfortunately, these same EA's perform poorly in unfavorable conditions.

So, really we are just exploring a different approach to see what can be done. Personally, I am exploring many other areas of trading. Perhaps a combination of differing tools and methods will find a successful outcome.

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
Hello everyone! Is possible to convert the first version of EA Icarus_2.2 to .cfx? I need because I wish to load into my AI Strategy tester and Optimizer and try to get the best of it  If there is somebody, that can convert fo .cfx I can promisse that I will publish here If I get some beter hybrid EA. Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
ok,  but I am not talking about predicting the future, I am talking about reacting and detecting that a triggered position is ok or not. Forex is more of a game of the art of reacting, and mainly to manage exposure in relation to portfolio performance and expected profit

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
Yes, I agree that reacting properly must be the key. Icarus can print money... as long as the long, smooth trend stays away. So, we are looking for ways to deal with the destructive, long, smooth trend.

Maybe we could run a "pyramiding with the trend" EA along side of Icarus that can engage when a strong trend is detected. The TP of which would be synchronized to close out both EA's at the appropriate point.

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
It is maybe, i am using my live account credentials for backtesting. I have not yed done live demo as of now. CanI just please request that you activate live account on your next compilation. Thank you. For the mean time, I am testing 4.77

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
For Thang and Umberleigh,

What is the best timeframe for the EMA filter based on your tests?

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
So far, I am testing with the H1 (default). I'm not sure if the EMA Filter is initiating properly on version 4.79 yet. Thang is working on the issue. My primary observation on 4.79 is that it did survive the big move last night, whereas my 4.77 almost crashed. So, it's a little early for me to give a good report on 4.79.

Francis, have you been pleased with the ATR grid progression in your testing? Does it expand fast enough when you get hit with a fast moving trend?

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
Let's wait for Thang's latest version.

Francis, have you been pleased with the ATR grid progression in your testing? Does it expand fast enough when you get hit with a fast moving trend? - I use GS_Progression 0 (fixed), and use a low period in my ATR so that the grid contracts and expands quickly. I would love that the martingale factor of Ksen be integrated with Thangs version. i can play martingale with a mild factor to further improve grid sizing. But for Thangs version, fixed grid with small period ATR does the job.

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
I like to backtest for long term sustainability of an EA. Upon initial study of Thangs version and with strategic help of Umberleigh.

Here is my sample 2 year backtest.

2,000usd initial funding, created 4,000 usd of profit in over 2 years.

With biggest drawdown of 1,119.

My goal is to cut down the drawdown to around 500usd only for a 2,000 fund.

If we perfect the right settings for the EMA filter, there is no need for hedging. The 2 years test that i did, need not hedge.

Hoping to improve as i study this version of Ikarus.

After a viable version settings, next step is fine tune in live demo.

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
Optimizing on V4.79 - get a lot of these:

2022.05.13 13:18:13.524 Ikarus_4.79_Custom grid EURUSD,M5: array out of range in 'Ikarus_4.79_Custom grid.mq4' (1315,47)

2022.05.13 13:19:19.109 Ikarus_4.79_Custom grid EURUSD,M5: array out of range in 'Ikarus_4.79_Custom grid.mq4' (1343,44)

always the same two lines in the mq4, have to be a small bug there...

And kudos to Thang, Umberleigh and francis - awesome work

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
The error points out the hedge function. Did you enable the hedge function while set max position < 3?

You can also try the older version before me to see if there is the same problem because I believe so.

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
This is a live demo test (almost 3 weeks of trading). This is a combo of 3 EA's designed to run in tandem and support each other. One "averaging grid" which is Icarus...one "pyramiding grid" and one "indicator based pyramiding grid". So far, this Grid Combo has survived all of the shocks over the last 3 weeks. This is EURUSD H1.

--- 帖子 #2046 ---
Guess that you are right - the strategy tester had the hedging option enabled. The hedging option seems not to be working right, so I will disable it for now

--- 帖子 #2047 ---
incredible ROI

blam

--- 帖子 #2048 ---
You are on the right track. You have to combine EA's. Will you tell us more about your EA-journey?

--- 帖子 #2049 ---
Francis, can you expound on your idea regarding the "martingale factor of Ksen"? Since Icarus' Grid Progression options include the conventional "martingale" setting (setting #2), I presume you are referring to a more flexible model that allows you to either set the multiplier by decimals or actually let you input each progression level separated by commas. Is this what you mean?

--- 帖子 #2050 ---
Thank you Kofix11. I agree that a properly selected combination of EA's can be set and synchronized well enough to perform well.

Way back when you joined Forex Factory, there were some giants here. Over the last 6 months, I have enjoyed studying the threads created by Nanningbob, Hanover, 7bit, Old Dog and others. These guys were very thorough and had an intellectual, theoretical approach that was very appealing and thought provoking. I think I kept going because these guys inspired my interest. Regarding Icarus, I would say that something 7bit said regarding grids/averaging/pyramiding really stuck with me:

"A combination of grid and anti-grid where the break-even parabola of the anti-grid always lies inside the break-even parabola of the grid and then simply make the ratio of the lot sizes equal to the ratio of the grid widths then this would be the holy grail."

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #2051 ---
Sorry, as i am not too technical to explain. But yes you are correct. Ksen added a multiplier factor to the martingale setting.

--- 帖子 #2052 ---
Great job.

--- 帖子 #2053 ---
When using martingale with a low multiplier, you can soften the GS_progression, softer than fibonaccis GS_progression, I just want Gridsize to gradually increase, rather than double up(on martingale) while fibonacci grid size can sometimes over do the later sizing of grid.

Maybe depends on how you strategize using the settings available. But standard fib or matingale lot progression does not work for me. My main strategy is keep the TP close as possible to the latest trades, so that a little pullback will always hit the TP. That's why i use fixed grid size, and let atr expand or contract the grid freely.

--- 帖子 #2054 ---
Yes, I understand. I use "progression" setting #1 (d'Alembert) which progresses 1,2,3,4...etc. I plan on experimenting with the different "grid progressions" now.

Thanks for clearing that up for me.

--- 帖子 #2055 ---
104 dwld and Only 1 Thank You to RSun for sharin his indi here = Im Live with profits ,usin d first 4 pairs , 0.02 lots , TP abt 20 bucks and start all over Again - - - No SL

ps; small startin bal. of 400 CAD , I use this EA for my TP - - - so I must NOT stay glued  @  my puter

--- 帖子 #2056 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

hi guys. i refer to xxl205 thread no. 1826 regarding to CO_NL_END_OF_TREND.ex4 that have email notify in it ...but please can someone make push mobile notify in it...i hope someone or xxl205 or Comar.fx can response for my request....thanks again guy..

--- 帖子 #2057 ---
Tomorrow will be a year forward test:

From 17.5.2021 to 16.5.2022

Initial pair: AUD USD, (USD/CAD and EUR/GBP pairs added during test).

EA Robin 1.1

Profit 5260 USD

Trades loss 1522

Trades win 2072

DD max 1300 USD.

If someone wants to look at MT4 (but there are other tests too), the details are:

Server:Global Prime - Demo

Login: 2201949

Investor: y0uoipl

--- 帖子 #2058 ---
https://www.mql5.com/en/articles/8390

--- 帖子 #2059 ---
Hi Omar,

I can't. I am neither a skilled programmer nor do I have the source of the indicator available. Dunno if decompile and modify is a thingy, but sure not mine ;-)

btw GBP was a bit scary again, saw that move about 5 times since january now, but it didn't fool me ;-)

--- 帖子 #2060 ---
Hi profits7, thanks for the update - i'm guessing you are using Robin EA ? (not Icarus) .. because you are trading with the trend.. ?

--- 帖子 #2061 ---
=======================================

No , Im usin this with profits$ =  https://assets.faireconomy.media/images/attach/ex4.gif ### Basket 2 ### 1701.ex4   60 KB | 112 downloads

--- 帖子 #2062 ---
Sorry, didn't get you - are you use Ikarus EA ?

--- 帖子 #2063 ---
No, non uso più gli EA forex! Uso il trading Basket, il fattore di rischio è Più spread = mantieni TP piccolo e ripeti! Ecco questo indicatore

ps;  Impostalo per la settimana e il livello 3.0

--- 帖子 #2064 ---
Ok ho capito, grazie mille )  I'll pm you, so not to intrude this thread thanks so much

--- 帖子 #2065 ---
You can use many EAs, to trade, of course you shouldn't use them as they are posted. for example you yourself posted an indicator that could be used in various ways to take advantage. Icarus can also be used in different ways: for entries, to manage exits or to accumulate long and short in the various movements and then close positively. Any robot, even the ones that seem the most useless can have their usefulness.

--- 帖子 #2066 ---
Thang,

I have been forward testing v4.79 since you released it and so far the results have been very good.

However, I have been unable to get the Working Time parameter to work if the Start Time is greater than the End Time.  For example, I would like to trade when the London and New York exchanges are closed, so a late evening GMT start (22:00) to an early morning GMT finish (05:00).

Also, I would like to adjust the data displayed on the screen.  Can you please make the graphics settings (font size, color, position) part of the input settings or release the mq4 file and I will have a go myself.

Many thanks,

Len

--- 帖子 #2067 ---
Anything can be useful, but not necessary. Any version of Icarus, if properly calibrated and using more than one in collaboration, can solve the great problem of drowdown.

--- 帖子 #2068 ---
Hi GCA,

Using two or more instances of Icarus (properly calibrated), how would you go about managing the great problem of drawdown?

Umberleigh

--- 帖子 #2069 ---
Difficult to explain it well here. It would be a matter of taking advantage of the movements to position yourself several times in the two directions with the same value and when you are in profit close. it can also be done with other robots, but Icarus is excellent as requirements.

--- 帖子 #2070 ---
Hi there.

I finally solved the problem with martingale multiplier less than 1.5

Now you can set martingale lot multiplier 1.1 for min lot = 0.01 (the lot will start to increase from about position 6)

--- 帖子 #2071 ---
Noted with thanks ksen sir.

I can see that, Thang sir contributing to the EA coding. But due to 4.75 / 4.77 / or 4.79 has no MQL file provided by Thang sir.

The EA icarus 4.x enhancement (Eg. 4.3 with 4.7x) is getting scattered around from the versions , i supposed the EA source code allowing anyone could openly / freely to continuing enhance it.

Wish that, before it is getting messier with different versions separately to improve on the EA. we can apply the source code improvement for x-1 version.

Suggestion maybe, Thang sir attach the new MQL file here, after merged with ksen sir's latest 4.3 version.

--- 帖子 #2072 ---
i took the liberty to translate the "unreadable language"..... but some of it unable to translate / properly.

--- 帖子 #2073 ---
Great, thanks Ksen!

--- 帖子 #2074 ---
Has anyone manage to do settings for GOLD using this EA ??

--- 帖子 #2075 ---
I fully support you in putting together all the improvements.

ps

delimiter 03 - total breakeven level

delimiter 04 - breakeven level (separately)

--- 帖子 #2076 ---
Hi, this EA can be used in a real account??, Thanks!!

--- 帖子 #2077 ---
It works only in demo accounts?

--- 帖子 #2078 ---
Finaly.. Thankyouuuu!

--- 帖子 #2079 ---
First at all, thanks for contribution, I was follow this thread since months ago and backtest it with multi combination set and result was not really sweet.

Found added EMA in icarus was amazing ideas! I trying backtest with it, but little confuse about yours set input, backtest EMA with or without others indi (BB Stoch RSI) together?

Once again, Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2080 ---
Hi Romiek, saw you program, was wondering if you are taking on any projects right now?

--- 帖子 #2081 ---
even i wanted to know that if someone setup this EA for GOLD and working.

--- 帖子 #2082 ---
Can you point to where to change the codes to make this work with indices? The problem is the grid isn't correct when using it for indices.

Would it be in the double CalculateSL() function?

--- 帖子 #2083 ---
I am working on a couple of projects right now.. That is why i am less active here. But i am always open to new idea's. I am working now with some of the best traders i have ever seen. You can always contact me in direct messages.

--- 帖子 #2084 ---
Nice to have such an inspirational thread with a lot of valuable input - I like

I have added the CCI indicator to the EA and made some code cleanup, typo corrections, etc. - using Github for version control, feel free to fork, download, etc.

https://github.com/fraggli/Icarus/tr...leanup-and-CCI

--- 帖子 #2085 ---
Hello guys, I'm "playing" with Romiek version, but I can't understand how lot progression works with grid partial close.

I'm using D'Alambert progression, but as soon as the EA starts making partial closes the lots start to increase faster than they should

Does grid partial close has its own lot progression? would it be posible to make it keep the selected progression? I mean if it has to re-open an order after a partial close this order should be same lot that the one closed. I have noticed some parameters make the sistem survive 2 years with decent DD, but fails with grid partial close, when it should works better.

Anyways I want to thank Romiek for a great version.

--- 帖子 #2086 ---
I just ring a bell that, the EA Bagaceira settings has some common areas.

Eg.

Enable manual order.
multiple built-in indicators.

hedge

--- 帖子 #2087 ---
1. source code #047: panel combined with buy/sell status, on the right hand side.

Request =

1.1 can split (similar to version 4.72) buy/sell to left side on the chart?

1.2 I prefer colFontWhite for the buy/sell context. easier to read in white color.

2. Elaborate of EA inputs (With sample / dummy proof remarks).

Note: Maybe someone, can help outline / summarize the EA's user manual (sort of)

extern double grid_size       = 20;       // Grid_Size (orders' distance)

extern int gs_progression     = 3;        // Grid_Step Mode (0=fixed. 1=sum. 2=martingale. 3=fibonacci)

extern double gs_multiplicator  =3;       // Martingale coefficient for grid step

extern double take_profit     = 20;       // Take_Profit.

extern double profit_lock     = 0.80;     // Profit_Lock

extern double min_lots        = 0.01;     // Min_lots

extern double equity_warning  = 0.20;     // Equity_Warning (0.2=20%)

extern double account_risk    = 1.00;     // Account_Risk (1=1%)

extern bool useTradeCycleRisk = false;    // Use Buy OR Sell Cycle Risk

extern double cycleEquityRisk = 0.10;     // Buy OR Sell Cycle Equity Risk Percentage (0.1=10%)

extern int progression        = 3;        // Lot size Mode (0=fixed. 1=sum. 2=martingale. 3=fibonacci)

extern double lot_multiplicator =1.0;     // Martingale coefficient for lot

extern int max_positions      = 6;        // Max_Position

extern int max_spread         = 100;      // Max_Spread

extern int show_forecast      = 1;        // Show_Forecast

extern int profit_chasing     = 0;        // number of min_lots for chasing profit

extern bool both_cycle        = true;     // Initiate Both Cycle when indicators is used

extern bool hedging_active    = false;    // Hedging Order to balance is used

extern int grid_partially_close = 4;      // Grid partial close ( >4 trades close last & 1st trade in profit)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

May I ask question for below outline items.

2.1 take profit. Meaning by Pip / point?

2.2 profit lock. Meaning by %?

2.3 "int progression        = 3;" Referring to Lot size?

2.4 show_forecast. Meaning by?

2.5 profit_chasing. Example to elaborate?

--- 帖子 #2088 ---
Answer 2.2: Yes, it's by %, 0.8 = 80%.

well, others I not sure bus I'm not coder. I'm very interesting to this thread and do a lot backtesting on each version, but I never get best set files in result. I hope anyone can share your's backtest result with me, Thanks a lot .

Stay profit !

--- 帖子 #2089 ---
Dear Thang sir... one of my demo mt4 doesn't work using the Demo 4.79 EA. (Screenshot)

just let you know..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2090 ---
@TeChaoLiang

I am running your EA Robin 2.7 on a demo account to check the correct operation however I have doubts .

I set as profit 15 pips but when I open an order I see that the TP (red line) is at 40 pips. what is this due to?

--- 帖子 #2091 ---
minor preset apply. ATR period = 9. (from 5)

preset = default ea inputs.

use M15.

thru back test showed. EA with balance 200 still blow during major news (EG. 2021 aug 06-08th. 2022 feb 16th) w or w/h hedge apply.

Attached File(s)   Ikarus_4.73___flexATR 2022june22.mq4

167 KB
|
820 downloads

Attached File(s)   icarus 4.73 m15 r1 fibo.set.zip

< 1 KB
|
772 downloads

--- 帖子 #2092 ---
With a 200 balance, what lot size are you using?

For a standard account, 200 is such a low fund to start on a grid trading bot. Grid trading needs a lot of capital to survive averaged trades.

--- 帖子 #2093 ---
This thread has gone silent for a long time. How are you guys doing with your own little projects?

--- 帖子 #2094 ---
Hey Francis and all others,

still doing pretty well. But as I do mostly absolute manual trading, I can't contribute much here. Still following though.

Only thing I want to stress again : WEELKY LVL 3, anything else is just entries and take profits ^^

--- 帖子 #2095 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

this was TP multiplier = 1.

maybe, i try next 1.6 multiplier.... (higher figure might lead to higher dd)

--- 帖子 #2096 ---
Any chance (is that complicated to code?), if EA can attach to only 1 chart, & allowed to trade multiple specified fx pairs?

Thank you...all

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2097 ---
not that hard to code as I know but I would not recommend it because of you would use the same settings for every pair.

--- 帖子 #2098 ---
Another tp buy gold done with (1.6 multiplier).

1818.41  open.  1825.28  close.

--- 帖子 #2099 ---
Opening position.

Dark mimas vs Icarus.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2100 ---
It seems you predict trend quite well

--- 帖子 #2101 ---
Both EA. Done with profit.  ( 0.01 lot )

Mimas sell. 4.93 made.

Icarus buy.  4.62 made.

--- 帖子 #2102 ---
Hello all, I know this thread is kind of old, but hopefully someone can help.

1. I am using Icarus 4.6.  Is this the most current or if not could you point me to the current version.

2. Please point me to a post describing all the settings, im not sure what some are for.  I read post #1 but thats for an old version.

Thank you!

Tom

--- 帖子 #2103 ---
It’s running for multiple order with grip or no?

--- 帖子 #2104 ---
What is Mimas? is it a part of this thread?

--- 帖子 #2105 ---
There is no other way, but to study this whole thread. Nobody pays us to develop this Bot, so all the versions and changelogs are shared through this thread. By reading the details, you will be able to understand further how this Bot works.

--- 帖子 #2106 ---
Agreed you, no doubt this thread EA ideas is great, and a lot contribution too! Well, some they optimise this EA and only self use or selling it. Person like me new to forex and aren't coder, feel help less sometimes.

--- 帖子 #2107 ---
HI xxl205,

good to here from you, CHF almost wiped me out (50% SL). Still dont know how to handle this in future.

--- 帖子 #2108 ---
Hi toaster---when  (on what date) and on what pairs did this happen?and what signal gave Weekly LVL 3?

--- 帖子 #2109 ---
Good morning,  I am using icarus 4.6 and it seems to work pretty well.  Im in the US so I cant use hedging.  Can someone tell me which setting to make sure it only takes buy OR sells.  Also, I need it to be FIFO compliant meaning I need each order to be a different amount like .10 .11 .20 .21, etc.  Is there a way to do this?

Thank you!!

Tom

--- 帖子 #2110 ---
Hi, well mainly shorting cable down from 1.40 has been a nobrainer ^^ brexit and war drives money out of GBP and into our all beloved one and only currency USD. And if you know two weights of a pair ... go for it

Cheers George

--- 帖子 #2111 ---
Hey Toaster ... wtf ... well can't say anything about CHF besides it has been VERY b*tchy to me some years ago and I usually won't trade it.

Very sorry to hear this, man ...

I have diverted off the path of pairs in the last weeks, doing only GBP shorts if available. Due to a lot of long weekends and family holidays there was not so much time to monitor the market as I like it to do.

I've added an additional screenshot of my Top10 pairs I traded this year. Half a year gone, little more than 50% profit, goals are safe at the moment

Cheers George

--- 帖子 #2112 ---
I quickly wanted to describe my GBPUSD insights a little bit, it might be useful for somebody  because you'll get the connection why I use Icarus for it.

All statements are just my personal opinion and there is never any warranty whatsoever. Market is unpredictable, at times.

GBPUSD has levels. I call them my "quarters". For example (1.22 can be replaced with ANY leading number)

1.22 00 with mostly 10p overshoot e.g. 1.2190 / 1.2210

1.21 75 with a lingering range of 1.2170 / 1.2180 (so this is +- 5p as an in between level)

1.21 50 half a 100p run level - 1.2140 / 1.2160 (10p again here)

1.21 25 in between quarter - levels around 1.2120 / 1.2130

1.21 00 "big zero" number - rinse and repeat like 1.2200 here +-10p

These are my personal observations. So, IF it decides to move, it is very rarely that it moves LESS than a quarter.

So, grab a demo, look at it, go for it.

I use Icarus for adding trades at those levels if needed. Yes I use martingale style - hey this is the Icarus thread ^^ I use a 100p SL each level of a trade.

It would be utterly GREAT if we'd have a SL for each level in Icarus ...

Happy trading to all of you. I hope this might help somebody in the way one can see the market.

Gonna be on a motorbike tour next week and will be back 11th July+.

CU around ! George

--- 帖子 #2113 ---
The goal is to be able to optimize the open source bot to your personal liking. You can ask questions about settings and all, most people here try to answer the best that they can.

I am also not a coder, so I rely on the contributors who code, and use what is available here to be able to create a useable bot for my own trading.

--- 帖子 #2114 ---
same 4.73 version.

changed = info panel from right to left.

use at your own risk

Attached File(s)   Ikarus_4.73 2022july02.mq4

167 KB
|
1,007 downloads

--- 帖子 #2115 ---
Good evening guys. i am using EA Robin 2.7 on a demo account to try to understand the logic of how the trading works. i have a question that i hope some of you can answer. i would like to to set after how many pips the hedging function will open the position, this parameter can be set somewhere in the following screen. i noticed that on some pairs it will open a hedge too early, while if other pairs too late. thanks for the help

--- 帖子 #2116 ---
Universal managers will add SL to every order. Also according to the size of the ATR.

--- 帖子 #2117 ---
Can someone please explain Grid Size vs Grid Step Mode and how the ATR fits in with Martingale or Fib??

--- 帖子 #2118 ---
Best that can answer this is TeChaoLiang, he is the creator of Robin. i have tried to understand it, but i shelfed that project at the moment to concentrate on Icarus and other ideas. But i like his idea. It just needs more polishing. If I am done with Icarus, i may be back for Robin.

--- 帖子 #2119 ---
I read your posts carefully and some things are unclear to me:

1. Where can I find the version of Icarus that you changed the CCI settings for?

2. What account size is required for your trading? INCLUDING LEVERAGE!

3. How many pairs do you trade with this account at the same time?

--- 帖子 #2120 ---
Hello Dokopy, sorry for not answering due to holidays.

1. Nowhere at the moment, I am evaluating the behavior.

2. Accountsize : well well well ... my account size is in the 6-figures, with a 1:200 leverage. Broker is GlobalPrime.

I would never recommend trading martingale under 10k per pair, starting with 0.01 lots.

3. see answer 2, but these are estimated figures. A big move comes and BOOM ;-(

As stated before, I mostly do manual trading and use Icarus to finish it. And I monitor closely and add trades to my liking when market tells me so.

I've burnt a LOT of money learning to not trust automatic trading completly, sorry to say.

Currently I am testing another combination of EAs which give better positioned additional trades ... if there are any results worth posting, I will.

Just a teaser : a 50k demo has made 3.5k on full auto while I was on holiday last week. Starting with 0.01 lots, trading GU only.

Cheers, George

ps. I know that universal trade managers do this. But I don't want to fire up 2 charts. But I have not tried the ATR thingy there, thanks for the hint.

--- 帖子 #2121 ---
i think he is very busy and will not have much time to respond. i will wait with asia for his response or anyone who can help me. thank you very much

--- 帖子 #2122 ---
0.01 lot/10k 1:200 one pair. You have 0.1 lot in the template. So 0.1 lot/100k 1:200 one pair. With a weekly selection of 5 pairs, it is 500k.

At a European leverage of 1:40, that's a €2.5 million bill.

--- 帖子 #2123 ---
Mostly correct  but I don't trade 5 pairs. Atm it is GU shorts mostly cause thats easy and quite obvious.

I should have set the lots in the template to 0.01, yes. But it also depends on which ATR setting you finally use what can make it dangerous.

Trading is never to be seen abstract, with fixed things as is ... and so on. One always has to improvise with settings and market conditions.

What remains a fixum is weekly level 3 for the main trend, nothing below.

Yes, this week GU isn't in it. I trade it anyways ^^ and with the EU trading close to parity, I will leave hands off. Don't like to trade the Euro anyways.

Cheers George

--- 帖子 #2124 ---
I continue with a small demo account. I have added one chart with universal manager to add SL 0.3 ATR to all positions. So far so good.

--- 帖子 #2125 ---
Can share that SL  tool?

--- 帖子 #2126 ---
It's EA. It has a small error in the code. I can't share it on public forums.

--- 帖子 #2127 ---
Someone definitely needs to put all the versions together. This is getting confusing! : )

I see thang has a 4.79 but it doesnt have the custom martingale multiplier that 4.73 has nor does it have the cci.  And Im sure there are other differences.  Ive been using the 4.73 July 22 version but I like the idea of the trend filter.

Any idea what the current profitable version is, if there is one?

--- 帖子 #2128 ---
Thang didn't publish any mq4 code, so unable to do any reference to this version for the time being.

My suggestion would be to have a single master git repo - I made all my changes from the ksen 4.73 version, using git it is possible to follow all forks etc.

--- 帖子 #2129 ---
My wish list continues.....
allowed free text input for = EA comment (each orders entry). user can modify EA order comment. EG. [ icarus %magic% ] optional enabling profit trailing stop. all-in-chart EA. (multiple symbol handled by 1 chart) Yes, will be obligated to the same settings. _______________________________________

Sample ( EA mql file = Generic atlp ). Note / Disclaimer = this EA not profitable to me. in my opinion.
Reason sharing = the EA order comment. sample code. ( Hope someone help to code into Icarus )

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   Generic_A-TLP_v.12.39.23_eng.mq4

194 KB
|
418 downloads

_______________________________________

by the way. I was doing icarus 4.73 back test. is the auto lot size setting = Account_Risk % ? (I couldn't see it works / increasing the % for bigger lot size during back test)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2130 ---
Account_Risk (1=1%) dosen't control lot sizing.

When 100 - (100 * account_risk)) / 100) * AccountBalance() > AccountEquity() - it "pushes" the StopAll button (function).

Fx. set to 1 : 100 - (100 * 1) / 100 * AccountBalance() = 0, meaning dosen't ever trigger any stopall.

--- 帖子 #2131 ---
have u ready set file for same. If then pl do share

--- 帖子 #2132 ---
If someone wants to fix a minor bug, I'll send them the source code.

--- 帖子 #2133 ---
// Account_Risk (1=1%). Stop Loss on account base, when reached all orders will be closed an EA will stop trading.

My bad. The Trailing Stop has already built-in. ( Profit_Lock ).

// Profit_Lock. Percentage of profit secured by trailing stop.

Other functions uncleared to me ,

hedging. // Hedging Order to balance is used (When or how algorithm)

// Account_Risk. Stop Loss on account base, when reached all orders will be closed an EA will stop trading. (So far not yet happen)

//profit_chasing     = 0;        // number of min_lots for chasing profit

--- 帖子 #2134 ---
All versions of Ikarus lead to disaster. ThangNguyenM's version holds up best. But the backtest on XAUUSD also leads to disaster. It is possible that the EURUSD will behave in the same way.

--- 帖子 #2135 ---
I would like to stretch what XXL205 has posted here...if you use Ikarus with manual intervention and without hedging, you can get good results.I started using it this way 4 months ago with good and stable results until now

--- 帖子 #2136 ---
Fixed, or Fibo lot size mode?

--- 帖子 #2137 ---
Fixed lot size with progression 1

--- 帖子 #2138 ---
Yes, lots of small gains followed by disaster. This is a typical symptom of such systems. Elimination of disasters is always only declared. There is no specific solution described anywhere.

--- 帖子 #2139 ---
Hi all, hope you are all doing well.

I am sorry that I can't really contribute with settings at the moment, because I have not been using the system how I have originally set it up.

GBPUSD simply was the only pair I have been trading the last months, mostly short. Yes, scary countertrades included ^^ but it played out very well.

I've had a very nice contact with one of the members here regarding the developement and ideas for the EA. And I have promised to set up a demo with my actual settings again.

Until now I've been using Icarus with GBPUSD mainly as a trading tool. Did all entries myself and used it just for closing up or adding lots.

One of the features I like most is that you can tell it to stop after the active set of trades. I don't want it to be always in the market.

If there is a demo slot available on my trading server, I will go on with testing Icarus hopefully

I am yet to decide if I want to go "more public". Until now, I won't share myfxbook live. But I think about putting up a signal. Or even a YT-Livechannel.

But these are far far away thoughts because my trading style is weird even to me and I am not sure if I want to show it to anybody yet ;-)

Cheers, George

p.s. cable rise up to 1.2060 yesterday was such an open invitation to grab it by the b*lls and short it til 1.1975 ;-) yeeeeeeehaa ^^

--- 帖子 #2140 ---
I have a drawdown stop out of 5%...so far it has been hit one time-the other weeks have been successful-beside ccfp weekl, level three i use the mataf website currency strength to filter out more pairs.As i said so far so good-as always time will tell the truth.Have a good weekend all

--- 帖子 #2141 ---
Do you have a recommended account size of €2.5 million?

--- 帖子 #2142 ---
I don´t know, what recommendation you are referring to but: no

--- 帖子 #2143 ---
Dokopy, there never has been such a recommendation. You did that calculation for yourself. But one would sleep better, definetly.

10-20% tops hard SL on the account, basta. 5% is even better.

Catching the small waves in the big weekly level 3's is the way to go, no need for a mega account.

And yes, at times Icarus will absolutely lead to desaster. Black Swan event is crucial. All others should be avoidable by good MM.

Please don't envy the people having success with a system you don't believe in.

"Everybody tells you, it can't be done. It's human nature. Then somebody comes along who doesn't now that, and simply does it."

It's like bumblebees. They should not be able to fly. Yet they just don't care and do it

Cheers, George

--- 帖子 #2144 ---
Hi everyone, programmers and the owner of the post alike!

Beautiful thread I must say. - However I have one and an only request to make, to any good samaritan programmer to help include these three (3) option to the EA.

• ------------ USE TRAILING STOP option (False/True) -------

• Trailing Start

• Trailing Stop

• Trailing Step

I know already there's "Profit Lock %" option already but for some of us, it ain't doing much of what we really require when concerning securing profits. - I like it the old way . Anybody can help? And if that's added I'll have an option to set the "Profit Lock" option to Zero (0) as I'll not be using it anymore.

Thank you in advance.  _Zohman

--- 帖子 #2145 ---
Read your posts and don't accuse me of nonsense.

--- 帖子 #2146 ---
In the referenced ea only the parameters

%MagicNumber%, %Auto_Risk%, %MM_Depo%, %Lots%, %SetName%, %TimeFrame%

can be used for the custom comment function. OK ?

--- 帖子 #2147 ---
What is the bug ?

--- 帖子 #2148 ---
Hi,

tried to implement a TrendFilter like the one made by Thang in the closed source - feel free to test and use at your own risk

https://github.com/fraggli/Icarus/tree/4.73-Trend

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2149 ---
EA assigns SL, TP to pending orders and market orders. The bug is that it assigns a meaningless PT value to pending commands. When the market changes the pending order to a market order, the EA continues correctly.

--- 帖子 #2150 ---
Thank you fraggli.

i did my own edits on the chart display parameters from your version.

may i ask, if those settings (Below snippet) is necessary to code in? ( for the EMA indicator )

______________________________________

// #019: new button: Stop Next Cyle, which trades normally, until cycle is closed

if(Use_BB  Use_Stoch  Use_RSI || Use_CCI)

______________________________________

bool Indicators_Buy()

{

bool BB_ret, STO_ret, RSI_ret, CCI_ret;

______________________________________

bool Indicators_Sell()

{

bool BB_ret, STO_ret, RSI_ret;

--- 帖子 #2151 ---
No, is not referenced in the quoted snippet.

--- 帖子 #2152 ---
i couldn't find the code line, about output for [order_comment].

I wished to insert the order_comment, with [%MagicNumber%].

For myself to compare running 2 charts but using different Magic of Icarus, to observe the performance.

_______________________________

best is that, let user input the order_comment via EA GUI via [%MagicNumber%].  sorry for making troubles.

_______________________________

Edited (another idea) = Able to display that, which indicator type was the order signal triggered from.

Eg. EA order's comment = icarus. 11235. RSI.

--- 帖子 #2153 ---
Hello folks,

I have decided to share my work with everyone here as a token of appreciation to everything these threads have been teaching me. I took on the challenge of converting Ikarus_4.73 to an mq5 version. Reason being, I believe its easier to optimize, and test with more reliable data, using the MT5 database. Nevertheless, I probably will not update further as I am working on other projects, and this was simply a learning opportunity I wanted to challenge myself with. I used the version found through fraggli's github link. I didn't test on demo or live, but ran it a few times on tester and seems to work as intended. Hope this helps someone out there. Again, all credit goes to everyone who helped develop this EA up to this point, I simply converted it.

Good luck to everyone!

--- 帖子 #2154 ---
Great job - is the source available too for further development ?

--- 帖子 #2155 ---
[quote=DavidRol2o;14081778]Hola amigos, he decidido compartir mi trabajo con todos aquí como muestra de agradecimiento por todo lo que estos hilos me han estado enseñando. Asumí el desafío de convertir Ikarus_4.73a una versión mq5. La razón es que creo que es más fácil de optimizar y probar con datos más confiables usando la base de datos MT5. Sin embargo, probablemente no actualizaré más ya que estoy trabajando en otros proyectos, y esta fue simplemente una oportunidad de aprendizaje con la que quería desafiarme. Usé la versión que encontré a través del enlace github de fraggli. No probé en la demostración o en vivo, pero lo ejecuté varias veces en el probador y parece funcionar según lo previsto. Espero que esto ayude a alguien por ahí. Nuevamente, todo el crédito va para todos los que ayudaron a desarrollar este EA hasta este punto, simplemente lo convertí. Buena suerte a todos! {archivo}[/cita]

I can't get the TS to follow the orders with good profits... will it be a mistake or is it something special in the blocking of profits

--- 帖子 #2156 ---
Use the profit_lock setting from 0-100%

I normally use 0.35 for trend trading

--- 帖子 #2157 ---
I saw (just happened) the open order, was in profit trends.

Lot 0.01, $10 bucks profits. But then turned into negative. Thus, icarus didn't consist of the regular profit trailing coding. Wish that, we can develop that as an option setting (For reference. Attached the Trailing stop EA mql4, created by Kenny). It has extra feature, such as "Decay rate reduces Trail_Percent per bar". Maybe. coder could help us, to merge into icarus EA.

Attached File(s)   Kenny Hubbard Trail v1.9.mq4

55 KB
|
570 downloads

--- 帖子 #2158 ---
Yeah, bug in the original code, already posted by ksen at the end of March 22 #1961

--- 帖子 #2159 ---
Hello fraggli...thanks for sharing icarus

I have a problem with EA

HOW can i backtest it in mt4?it does not take any buy or sell for me?

help me plz...thanks

version ... Ikarus_4.73___flexATR

--- 帖子 #2160 ---
Hey guys, sry,for beeing silent for a while, I love to see how you are making this thread flying high, but unfortunately my time does not allow me atm to be around here as much as I would like.

As you see from my linked real account I was able to recover and currently trading on Equity ATH in the 23k area. Mainly I focused on trading swap friendly and started a cycle manually depending on currency strenght stuff, indicators and my opinion on market.

Will try to make an update for you on Youtube begin of September, but first I am preparing my first Live Event since 3 years. By the way, I also will be speaker on the "World of Trading" in Frsnkfurt beginn of October (topic is not related to Icarus, it's regular trading stuff), so if you are around let me know, maybe we can meet.

I often get request from you if I could code things into the EA. Sry, NO, I am still a trader without any coding skills.

Happy trading and green pips to all of us,

Cheeeeers!

--- 帖子 #2161 ---
Thank you very much MaPi. I have been practicing your EA for 6 months now. A lot of benefits for me. Thank you very much for this too. I pray for you to be healthy, prosperous and successful.

--- 帖子 #2162 ---
Also thanks to Mapi. I have been working with ikarus for some time. For me, the best versions are the ikarus 4.73 flex ATR. And 4.73 flexART 2022 june 22

Ikarus 4.73 flexATR after 2 months of work
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ikarus 4.73 flexATR 2022june22 after a month of work

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2163 ---
Hi guys,

may anyone explain me this situation ?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. Sell position did not close faster

2. Buy position same situation

No clue, why? Any ideas ?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2164 ---
looks great. Can you give any information about pairs / timeframes / settings?

blam

--- 帖子 #2165 ---
You have very good control of drawdown.

Is this back testing by the Strategy Tester?

What are the inclusive dates of data and what currency pair did you test it on?

--- 帖子 #2166 ---
it is in a live market

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2167 ---
[quote=blamshakk;14116107]wygląda świetnie. Czy możesz podać jakieś informacje o parach / ramach czasowych / ustawieniach? blam {cytat}[/cytat]

.

I started checking the latest version 4.79, so at the moment it's hard to say which pairs and what interval is the best. for sure ikarus needs a  reset. otherwise it is not efficient

--- 帖子 #2168 ---
2022 year:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still not happy with results, but finally has not crashed

2021 in progress

--- 帖子 #2169 ---
Hi, it seems to me you are using a small input in ProfitLock, you can see the blue dashed line in the chart showing indication of the current trailing stop. Cheers

--- 帖子 #2170 ---
Hey David can you share mql5 source code?

--- 帖子 #2171 ---
Hey Mapi...thanks for your time...i have a question...iseee some resault people has been sent to this discussion.how can i found the best setting for icarus for defferent pairs?

--- 帖子 #2172 ---
hi what is your pair and TF an setting?would you share pls?thanks

--- 帖子 #2173 ---
Hello guys, i am new memberfrom brussels, hope you all good.. i looked into all the post of this topic, could someone say me wich version of icarus is the final one at the moent ? and particular settings ? thanks a lot

Mapi : dis you guys have a discord for Icarus ? it will be a must to have it , it's live , fast, can catégorised all the stuff between imputscoders space, results ect..

--- 帖子 #2174 ---
EA working on all currents forex , also on ftmo demo for indicis US30 , but when i want to launch the ea on mmf on US30 the expert just open de buy enn sell , but not the pendings and the take profits and see the msg :

==>   2022.09.19 10:16:26.802 Icarus_2.2 US30,M1: zero divide in 'Icarus_2.2.mq4' (532,34)

Someone know how to fix that ? thanks..

--- 帖子 #2175 ---
Hi Will anybody convert it to mql5

--- 帖子 #2176 ---
Hi,

It was converted already.

Check the post 2164

--- 帖子 #2177 ---
I know people using the EA in US 30 (I personaly trade SPX500 cash and future with it). So my only guess is A) Settings wich are not matching the instrument / B: A broker who set up the market in a astrange way...Cheers

--- 帖子 #2178 ---
No, I don´t...I can not handle it to visit this forum to often, so there are no resources for that atm, Cheers

--- 帖子 #2179 ---
Hi, I run the EA via manual entry (hot buttons) and have than a logic that suits the market and what I want to achieve in the situation. If you want to find autmatic settings there is only one way: Backtesting ( a lot, realy a lot) and then frontesting for a while on a demo account...Cheers

--- 帖子 #2180 ---
Hello

I discovered this thread right now. Haven't read anything yet, but I see that you from first post and until today are talking about magic numbers. That is a shame. It really complicate things. Magic numbers are not necessary.

All of my robots can run on any number of instruments. Normally they run on all Forex pairs at the same time. And I never once have used magic numbers in my coding.

--- 帖子 #2181 ---
Sorry if this has been asked before but I can't get the EA to auto trade.

Options set and aut trade set. I must have missed something.

I have been using and programming Mt4 for years so I'm not sure why.

--- 帖子 #2182 ---
hello everyone, the results looks astonishing even for those who are being discretionary traders.

probably like to know how's the progress of 'hedging' functionality and the closure to the hedges.

swap may eat into cost especially growing inflation!

--- 帖子 #2183 ---
Pretty sure this will be caused by the Indicator settings, pls check them, cheers

--- 帖子 #2184 ---
Hey PDX, welcome on board! One of the reasons I switched some months ago is swap. Check my real account wich is attached to this forum, you will find I gained positive swap overall. So I searched short entry points for EURUSD and long entries on XXXJPY (just shying away here currently due to a possible invetion of BoJ). Also I stoped trading US500cash and trade now CFD on SPX500 Future (my broker is offering this swap free).

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2185 ---
Hello fellow Traders!

interesting Thread!

one question, why are the "Hedges" not trailing down with bigger Profits (picture 1 + 2)

instead trailing up, with smaller gains or even loss?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2186 ---
hey MaPi, thanks for the welcome!

good to see that brokers do offer both +/-ve swaptions - typically seen some FF members expressing concerns regarding swap rates + financing markups (on top of spreads).

avoid the cash side, futures yield higher vols hehe

how about looking into ES index for even more vols than traditional SPX fut?

happy trading,

P.

--- 帖子 #2187 ---
I must share, so far with default settings on GBPUSD 1 min chart, it is very positive.

Green pips to all fellow traders.

--- 帖子 #2188 ---
Hi,

First of all, thanks to everybody doing the coding and providing this tool and its steady improvements to all the fellow traders for free, really appreciate that!

I started fiddling with this last week and can already tell that there's some great pontential for me in this ea, the only thing I noticed are the account-meltdowns when in backtesting-mode, because the account-protection measures don't seem to apply when running historical data.

Would it be somehow possible to  add a "hard stop loss" that is dependent on the total sum of all open positions ("P/L Sym." in the tool) and automatically closes all positions when a certain negative amount is reached?

Sometimes a very profitable setting shredds the account due to a single big move blowing the chart out of the grid (I'm experimenting with a scalping setup on low timeframes, so the grid and take profit are rather tight), and such a set stop would mean just a little dent in the backtesting-graph instead of a full blown account, thus making backtesting for us easier.

I added the version I'm currently using in the attachement just for reference, thanks!

--- 帖子 #2189 ---
hi, I am new to this thread, when I tried the EA, it doesn't open any trades as it suppose to in the 1st thread, I just use the default setting. but when I manually clicked and opened buy and sell order, it seems running okay.  can you help me is there any other thing I need to config for this EA ?  thank you.

--- 帖子 #2190 ---
Um, is there any version of this EA that opens orders past the 2nd level in grid? I have tried 4.73, 4.79 and 4.31 and none of them open more than 2 orders in a grid in one direction using atr... I would think for all of this development someone besides me would have encountered this issue...

--- 帖子 #2191 ---
Hi

3 weeks and 135% profit in the live market

The robot has great potential.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2192 ---
**************************

the second month and a total of 175% of the profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2193 ---
send me set file of that please

--- 帖子 #2194 ---
Wow Nice setup! May i try it?

--- 帖子 #2195 ---
What versión use you?

--- 帖子 #2196 ---
What is the " Equal lock level " stand for?  please explain thanks  you

--- 帖子 #2197 ---
New guy here, how come I can backtest the original Icarus_2.2.mq4 and it will execute trade but when I try a backtest on Ikarus4.73, no trades are executed?

Can I just make sure I'm setting up ok. So when I set up, I select these options?

Expert Advisor > OnChartEvent > OnTester

--- 帖子 #2198 ---
***********************

Hi

Ikarus  4.73 June and July.

--- 帖子 #2199 ---
Will you share these settings or guide us a little? Seems pointless if you are not intending to.

--- 帖子 #2200 ---
I am particularly interested in the long term testing of this set file. It is easy to have low drawdown and high profit for a couple of months, but it is extremely hard to make this sustainable for more than 1 year. Can Jarass1080 post long term test?

--- 帖子 #2201 ---
************

everyone knows that he blows up accounts in the long term.  works are profitable at the beginning and lose later.  as I mentioned before, you need to reset it at the right moment.  it cannot be left unattended for 1 year

--- 帖子 #2202 ---
Hello Jarass1080,

I have missed the pair/s and time period for your results.

Could refresh that info?

--- 帖子 #2203 ---
*****************

look photo #2177

--- 帖子 #2204 ---
I did not see your statement that you do not run it 24/5.

So thats a bit of mixing your own personal strategy and the triggering of Ikarus. Now I understand.

My own goal for Ikarus to be able to survive long term in multi currency without any intervention. It is possible, but not with outlandish profits. You just have to understand each settting and manage your risk.

--- 帖子 #2205 ---
**********************

There is nothing strange here.  you just need to turn it off and on.

--- 帖子 #2206 ---
I did not say anything about being strange.

--- 帖子 #2207 ---
Hello Jarass! im glad you sharing your result. Im testing this EA many times. Can you share your settings if posible? And what pair you use?  Regards.

--- 帖子 #2208 ---
WOW! Looking forward for more info share from yours result, Thank you. I has been long time didn't come back.

--- 帖子 #2209 ---
I have to admit it does appear to have a lot of promise but the tester takes ages to optimise. The settings really stack up to be big numbers over time.

--- 帖子 #2210 ---
Guys,

Be very, very careful with Ikarus. It is true that it can generate massive profits in favorable market conditions. However, the same power that creates can and will take away.

At the end of the day, it all comes down to one measurement...how many pips can the market move in one direction without a pullback of (X) pips, before your account blows up?

I think Ikarus is only half of the puzzle. The other half is most probably some form of pyramiding operation (with the trend) that synchronizes with and contributes to Ikarus' TP calculation. It doesn't have to be perfect or precise, but it needs to be there...adding positions with the trend when Ikarus is averaging in deep and possibly getting into existential trouble.

--- 帖子 #2211 ---
Hi, im a long time lurker here but i have never posted anything (because i feel i dont bring value to the community: most of the people here either are profitable, have a long career or a master coders) and i admire the work that you all have been doing on Ikarus (i cannot code in MQL but i do hire coders every now and them to test theories). I strongly agree with this view Umberleigh, what i have found while exploring it is that both things needs to happen within the same EA or at least controlled by another EA that can sync them and im not sure how to deal with the fact that the pyramid one will eventually get either too big on trade size or have the levels too spaced out to get proper gains while trending (without even take into consideration the amount of trades that will be stopped out despite being in the correct direction  due to SL being hit). I have tried only pyramiding alone but i haven't been able to couple those two concepts of the pyramid and Ikarus working together.. Any clue on that?

Regards,

S

--- 帖子 #2212 ---
Inserted Video

The cartoon is called "Icarus and the Wise Men" (1976).

Text:

Once upon a time there lived an eccentric named Icarus. All his neighbors, smart people, have already found their calling in life.

And, now, they devoted their leisure time to philosophical conversations about the meaning of being, and so on ...

And this one... was a eccentric.

Seeing Icarus falling, smart people thought, and one of them, the smartest, said: "Quod licet Jovi, non licet bovi" (What is allowed to Jupiter is not allowed to the bull). Thus was born the first indisputable truth.

Pes sic tendatur ne lodix protereatur (Stretch your legs along the clothes). Thus was born the second truth!

Festina lente - You go quieter - you will continue.

Est avis in dextra (melior quam quattuor extra) - Better a titmouse in the hand than a distant crane.

Ne sutor supra crepidam (judicet) - Every cricket know your hearth.

Via trita via tuta - The beaten path is safe (You can’t jump above your head).

Quo altior grapus tanto profundior casus - The higher you climb, the deeper you fall.

Bene qui stat non moveatur - Whoever stands well does not need to move (inscription on the monument to Icarus)

And, nevertheless, Icarus will fly!!!

--- 帖子 #2213 ---
gpsamj,

Ikarus does a very good job of executing its core task (averaging grid). Perhaps the obstacle lies not with Ikarus but with the instrument(s) we are trading. We have established that Ikarus will blow up if it encounters a long, smooth trend without a reasonable pullback.

Why not use Ikarus to trade an instrument(s) that does not trend? In other words, trade an instrument that "ranges only".

This theoretically can be done by trading the "cointegrated spread" of two or more currency pairs.

I believe this idea would be complicated to code... so a master coder would be needed. The "hedge ratio" of each pair would need to be locked so that the integrity of the cointegrated relationship is maintained.

--- 帖子 #2214 ---
At the end of the cartoon, the little boy took the feathers of Icarus (https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post14182195).

In 2012, at a Russian forum, the fourteen-year-old genius Connect495 took on the challenge of safely trading a grid of stop and limit orders.

And he promised to share the result of his work. But a large number of "wise men" poured a lot of verbal crap on him.

Connect solved the problem and showed how the Expert Advisor works. Partially told how he solved the problem.

And then he disappeared from the forum forever.

On the screen, the work of EA for 5 days from a deposit of $ 10,000.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For years, his fans have been trying to solve this problem again. This year, one trader said that he succeeded and showed several videos of work using the Connect method.
Inserted Video

EA trades a mixed grid of limit and stop orders.

--- 帖子 #2215 ---
Genry_05,

Would you be the now grown man...Connect495 ? Can you communicate with Evgeny?

--- 帖子 #2216 ---
Can I ask for your setup here and which timeframe you are using?

--- 帖子 #2217 ---
Hi guys!

Ive been playing around with the 2.2, also checked the 4.6 version.

There is something that I really miss here, (a equity take profit function). (When EQ hit a (daily/cycle target goal, say 100USD, it stops the cycle/EA and realize that profit.)

I have zero skills of coding it myself.

Ive tried seraching, but no luck, dont know if it might exist in a previous version? (super grateful if someone cant point me in the right direction)

Thank you so much!

--- 帖子 #2218 ---
Attached is EA you could attach on another chart to take profit as you define. It would be great if anyone to include merge these two EA into One EA

--- 帖子 #2219 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post14201666

Got some help here, see if its something that will work for you as well! Thanks a lot guys!

--- 帖子 #2220 ---
Hi folks,

after a long time I am visiting my own thread  Thank you all for your ideas, works and thoughts on Icarus. As you might have seen from my linked live account I am on an all time high, also I have hit the Top20 of real accounts here in ForexFactory. Atm I am trading mainly EURUSD short (in direction of trend and swap) and US500 on future base (so it is swap free for me), I stoped trading USDJPY and all JPY crosses due to the intervention of BoJ.

Sometime I received mails here asking wich settings I am using. Since more than 6 months (where my account was liquidated twice within one wekk in the same market) I stoped starting cycles by settings, but do this manual via hot buttons. I use my knowledge, the chart, also CurrencyStrengthMeters when it comes to forexpairs, I am super aware of swap when choosing a market (check the stats of my real account, after all lots traded I still have earned some money from swaps).

After I have opend a cycle manualy I allow the EA to handel the cycle, sometimes I change settings for TP in favour on my analysis of the market. For EURUSD I am running the system with Grid_Size=50,GS=3,TP=150, PL:0,89,MinLot 0,1 and Progression= 3, allowing 5 Positions to be opend, latest than I take over by myself via hot buttons.

It might be I need to stop trading for this year soon, due to the fact I have a stupid tax law in my country, allowing me only to make 20K losses a year, so when there are bigger losses I do have to pay taxes on the wins but I cannot use losses above that boarder for summing them up against the wins. Currently I can make another 684,- € loss this year, lol...

I wish you all green pips,

Cheeeeers, MaPi

--- 帖子 #2221 ---
Trading with grid strategy is always risky.

--- 帖子 #2222 ---
How do i open a cycle manualy?

Thx for help :-)

--- 帖子 #2223 ---
You press the buy or sell button by yourself and a cycle opens

--- 帖子 #2224 ---
Hi

how do you setup if you want to trade a breakout with icarus, but only for one cycle?

Is there a parameter to use to put in the number of cycles? I dont want to press the stop next cycle button, but maybe there i will add some additional code.

--- 帖子 #2225 ---
For USA brokers, what settings should I use to make Icarus EA FIFO compliant? Thanks

--- 帖子 #2226 ---
Would be a good idea to add it if its useful for you,what I would like to have is an option where the cycle could open at a cross of a moving average at an A) timeframe and a dont open new cycle at a cross of another moving average at another B) timeframe. Our coders here maybe can add it?

Thnx

--- 帖子 #2227 ---
Hello, thank you for the hard work everyone. I am a junior fx trader. Could someone send me the most recent version of Icarus? Thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #2228 ---
@fmuleeto

Go to page 110 at the bottom, there you will find it

--- 帖子 #2229 ---
Thank you, @Flabby

--- 帖子 #2230 ---
Hi, I'm a dinosaur and in love with the version of Ikarus 2.2 (the initial one).

I would like to ask if any programmer can insert a condition on this version which is as follows.

Opens BUY cycles when two consecutive candles close above the M200, and vice versa opens SELL cycles with two candles below the M200.

Obviously a cycle that starts BUY, even if the two successive candles close below M200, the cycle must go on until the closure without restarting.

If possible, enter the Media you want to use and the TimeFrame as a variable....

Otherwise I use the M200 on the Day candle.

Obviously today I'm forced to work in semi-automatic mode.

Hoping I haven't stolen time or perhaps repeated speeches already made, I thank you regardless of the solution.

--- 帖子 #2231 ---
Try it on cent account  EURUSD,USDJPY,GBPJPY.

--- 帖子 #2232 ---
May I ask , why I can not attach the EA to any chart , it is run with strategy tester buy can not attach to the chart , please  advice.

--- 帖子 #2233 ---
hi , everyone , first of all i have to Thank you to everyone who contributed.

This is the best ea i have ever seen

i need help about cycles , i tried it all versions but i couldent find the answer.

when one sell cycle begins, its opening 1. position, 2.positions and after that, its returnig to buy cycle first buy position, adding 2. buy posiion adding 3. sell position... and the situation is like that.

What I want is for one cycle to end and the second cycle to begin...

I don't want them to continue together at the same time.

--- 帖子 #2234 ---
please somebody help mee !!!

--- 帖子 #2235 ---
Hi, you can do this in manunaly starting your cycles via the buttons (choose criterias like W1 BB StDe 4.0, it will not be reached)...Cheers

--- 帖子 #2236 ---
Thanks, i know that, buti wonder that there is any set for one direction cycle settings ?

--- 帖子 #2237 ---
Inserted Video

After one year it´s time for a new YT video-update! Cheers

--- 帖子 #2238 ---
dear mapi,

thank you for your response, here i explained more,

sorry about my English

Here are several point that i mentioned before about adding option to icarus/ikarus:

- turn off the grid logic, as a main trigger (un-grid).

so it would be more flexible and could choose which will be the main trigger plus one or two indicators as confirmation trigger. to more secure the set of entries.

i've already tried backtesting icarus the latest version 4.7x, 5 years backward from 2023 using 15M and 1H.

the problem always persist even other trigger indicator already set off. when the market anomali happened it always blown the account.

- daily start/off trade hour,

icarus version that i used parameter is when i choose Monday at 1.00 to start trade and end trade 16.00 on Thursday. it mean ikarus will be start from 1.00 Monday until 16.00 thursday.

some of us like to trade in less volatile market such asia market time only and not the whole hours.

for example :

I used momentum based logic that run automatically on asian market. i usually use 0-12 GMT. The rest hour until 24 for completing the set of floating trade.

i choose this set and configuration with ease in mind (and also already backtest it backward 5 or more years).so I'm not felt the urge of always need to look on VPS or the auto trade logic in real account, just to see, how it is perform, or it already blown out.

Just when i spare, check the news and monitored market with high volatility like london & newyork.

and sometimes i tried to manually enter.

- Manual Support Handle Setting,

i know icarus could handle manual entry by clicking the button buy/sell. but i don't know if it could handle manual pending order that entered manually without

using buy/sell button. i haven't tried this. but maybe if possible to add : manual trade handle/support manual trade.

- add another indicator trigger, such a leading indicator :

> divergence (I used macd divergence, but as I knew, oscillator divergence like stoch, rsi, cci and others could do also), there is a potential of reversal with leading indicator.

> td sequential, this sequential is also a leading indicator for a potential reverse.

> Volume indicator is good indicator for predict a reversal or continuity. i learn this in Volume Spread Analysis, using H4 TF. is there a reversal or continuation.

FYI:

I used momentum indicator I used this indicator as a main for catch reversal of trend, combine with macd and S/R Lines, Tick Volume and TD Seq.

- add hard stop loss according to DD%. and stop trade, until it manually turn on.

with assumption harmoni of logic is not good with market condition today.

and maybe for the option of un-grid based I wonder if it could discussed on the forum? thank you in advance for the great idea of the logic.

I know theres is setting for hardstop based on equity draw down. but i could make it work, always blown on backtest. maybe i miss something here.

Rgds,

P.S :

some people said:

it's not about how big profit that we could make,

but it is all about how long we could survive in the market.

--- 帖子 #2239 ---
I finally got this.

--- 帖子 #2240 ---
cheers, thank you for sharing ikarus with us, greetings from frankfurt, mapi is a hamburger?

i converted Ikarus_4.73___flexATR 2022june22.mq4 to mq5 to test it in backtesting after it did a very good job in the demo. it took me half a day... i have no clue about mql. performance in backtesting is poor because it is only converted, but you can access the tick/bar data from mt5. (that was my goal)

i also use it parallel in demo account as a trade manager for manual trades i get via a signal service... (stop next cycle is always active / no auto trading ) i ignore the SL of the signals and let ikarus "win" the losing trades.

in backtesting, unfortunately, ikarus is not successful in auto trading in the long run, it comes to "big bang".

is there a way to find out what happened on a day 10 years ago? if news was responsible for it?

then we would only have to give ikarus a function that disables trading in the case of news.

in Ikarus_4.73___flexATR 2022june22.mq4 grid trading is deactivated, in the mq5 version it is activated again, because i had no idea... i only fixed the compilererrors and then saw... grid is active again. no idea if it was deactivated on purpose.

trading in both directions must be disabled, leads to big bang in bars where fed babbles. (interesting to watch)

I have never seen the hedge option as functional. (was this only started and not completed?)

so, how can we prevent the account big bang?

--- 帖子 #2241 ---
Hi,

Thanks for the trend filter version. Can you implement or adding news filter?

Here is the mq4 from other thread.

--- 帖子 #2242 ---
Hi, I have spend some time with a coder ans another trader to implement a new hedging mode. We did not finish and stopped the project.

Out of practice I have some new ideas here, but so far I just use them manually (I am not a coder). Hedging with Icarus is for my understanding not aiming on maximal protection, but on getting the possibility to survive more pips against us!

--- 帖子 #2243 ---
As I had mentioned before, I don't think it is a right approach to implement a hedging function into Icarus, because hedging function violate the against trend grid trading logic.  However, it is not to say we cannot code another EA that serve as a watch guard of Icarus.  When necessary, the EA can do hedging to protect the account, and handles the hedging pairs separtely.

--- 帖子 #2244 ---
can you share your settings and currency?  Thank you

--- 帖子 #2245 ---
Hi, hope you are doing fine. To prevent missunderstanding, I am not talking about heding in a classic way. The logic I am using is to close the last order of the loosing cycle, when there is a profit on, and using part of this profit to close the first orders or to reduce their volume, so market can go more agains us without causing a liquidation. If you are interested in this approach I can go into details, cheers!

--- 帖子 #2246 ---
Hi all, hope you all are doing well.
Beautiful thread, congratulations to MaPi for starting it.
I kindly ask to any coder to include a “Trailing Step” to the version 4.73___flexATR 2022june22 and version 4.31_ATRGridUpdate.
The “profit lock” trails any single tick, and this is not accepted by all brokers.
Thanks in advance for your help.
Mario

--- 帖子 #2247 ---
Hi, Trailing happens in the EA, not at the broker, so it should not be a problem. May I give you with 20 years of professionelle experience in the CFD&FX industry one advise? Even if the trailing SL is handeld on the EA side, for the case your broker is not allowing you to trail on every single tick (e.g. in setting a minimum distance for a SL) find a better broker who does not do so, cheeeeeeerrrsss

--- 帖子 #2248 ---
I thank you so much MaPi for your advice. I wish you many green pips

--- 帖子 #2249 ---
Hi SciFiLoveBud,

Very NICE. i just was thinking about converting Icarus to MQL5.

I 'll be thankful if you share your MQL5 code !

--- 帖子 #2250 ---
I wonder if someone would be kind enough to add some code to limit the trade size that ikarus/icarus can trade.

I would like to have trades increase till maybe 0.2 and then all further trades that are placed are no larger than 0.2

and also be able to change the limit for each pair being traded, so mql4 would be preferred over ex4.

I know how Martingale style works and limiting trade size is not normal but for me it would give peace of mind

when I am unable to monitor the charts, for instance when asleep "zzzz".

All coders have done a terrific job! and the coding has been very complex.

I wish to use icarus but just want this extra safe guard written in the mql4 code.

Thanks so much in advance. I will post here my results after I start using on real account.

--- 帖子 #2251 ---
After lots of editing and testing, I have changed my plan and no longer need the above request.

I would delete the post # 2263 above but I cant see how to delete. thanks!

--- 帖子 #2252 ---
Any update or account statement to see if grid system Still surviving in an uncertain market?

--- 帖子 #2253 ---
I'm fine, thank you.

As you mentioned, a classic way of hedging is not suitable for a grid trading EA. I think your logic dealing with hedging could be a good approach.

Hedging must has its purpose. Eventually, the hedged pairs have to be nicely released and turning loss to be profit. To hedge is simple, however, to release hedged pair nicely is sophistic. We have to find a right timing to release the hedged pair, not too early and not too late.

--- 帖子 #2254 ---
Is there some one can? order to make some ea, which includes time-based order closing function? this is posible?

--- 帖子 #2255 ---
use this for mql5, posTime is your time to close:

PositionSelectByTicket(ticket);

if ( (long)TimeCurrent() - PositionGetInteger(POSITION_TIME) > posTime) {

trade.PositionClose(ticket,);

}

--- 帖子 #2256 ---
Hi Guys,

what is the latest version to use?

there seem to be many version.

please suggest.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #2257 ---
Do you mind share your mql5 file?

--- 帖子 #2258 ---
Hello,

Which EA is this? To add layer only in profit

--- 帖子 #2259 ---
Any progress with adding the calendar to this awsome ea?

--- 帖子 #2260 ---
hello, which version are you using?

--- 帖子 #2261 ---
Thank you for putting big effort convert the MT4 to MT5.

I have a question. The EA does not take profit even it has, what are the parameter I should look for? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2262 ---
Backtest using AUDCAD

--- 帖子 #2263 ---
no help manual for this expert?

--- 帖子 #2264 ---
lot_multipicator * start position or * last position?

lot_multipicator only work in martingle mode?

--- 帖子 #2265 ---
Hi to all, updated EA adding a function to calculate magic number in automatic, so you can simple attach the EA on a pair. The magic n. calculated is displayed on the screen. Attached File(s)   Ikarus_4.74___flexATR_May_2023.mq4

170 KB
|
583 downloads

--- 帖子 #2266 ---
this guy is using a  grid strategy very similar with Ikarus grid strategy , and you can see this just seeing his open orders and history , however this another strategy uses martingale and  i dont know how he turned 500 k in more than 5M in just 3 years ,  i dont know if is possible to do reverse engineering of his strategy , but a Ea of this in strategy in Gold or gbpjpy  could be interesting

https://www.myfxbook.com/members/ron...e-sept/6931363

--- 帖子 #2267 ---
Can you share your Set files please ?

--- 帖子 #2268 ---
It didn't work. Which social network can we chat with you?

--- 帖子 #2269 ---
Hi

Thanks to all the people who put this together.  I am new to this forum, I was recommended Icarus 2.2 which I tested with interest but clearly a lot has been added since then.  I am currently running Optimisation tests using Tick Data Suite on Ikarus_4.74___flexATR_May_2023 which is the last one with source code.

Slow process but again some promising early results.

There appear to have been a few recent newbies who have asked for sample .set files but sadly nothing offered.

I will happily post anything that looks good

--- 帖子 #2270 ---
Why status is stopped here? The EA is working for 2 days but still no trade?

--- 帖子 #2271 ---
Super Money Grid. Some years ago I played with and added a take profit so that it wasn't the EA the one to close the orders.

I haven't had the time to read all this thread but what I would add is a entry delay so that it doesn't open too many orders in moments of volatility.

--- 帖子 #2272 ---
Hi guys,

i want contribute to this thread. Actually i m running the ea in ftmo account with a lot of succes.

I m not able to do one thing; i m an analist, and i like backtest, my goal is to stop the ea at a % of equity as already do but after let the ea start again.

Right now the ea stop when it s encounter the account_risk.

I try everything but i m not able to do it, any suggestion?

--- 帖子 #2273 ---
Hi guys...the unit of measurement of the grid size is directly 100 pips how do you write it on the window?

--- 帖子 #2274 ---
Hi Zafar, try this. You can see the Magic Numer displayed in yellow

--- 帖子 #2275 ---
Hello there

this only works on EURUSD, not gold

which other para works fine thanks

--- 帖子 #2276 ---
waht is the setting?

--- 帖子 #2277 ---
this EA is a martingale right?

--- 帖子 #2278 ---
i am using it live on gold

--- 帖子 #2279 ---
WELL THIS EA WORKS ON BACKTESTER BUT WHEN DOING IT ON LIVE TRADING. ITS SHOWS ERROR

2023.07.04 17:46:47.042    mq4_Ikarus_4.73___flexATR 2022june22 (EURUSDm,M1)    OrderSendReliable V1_1_1:error: no operation possible because MQLInfoInteger(MQL_TRADE_ALLOWED)==false, even after retries.

--- 帖子 #2280 ---
You can try version 4.75, see above.

--- 帖子 #2281 ---
Hi all, i wonder whats the meanging of "Invert trigger" whats invert??

--- 帖子 #2282 ---
No Even 4.75 isn't working on live. its taking trades on backtest but not on live

--- 帖子 #2283 ---
hi, check the spread

--- 帖子 #2284 ---
Hi. Please. Can you upload sets that are already tested for the icarus versions? Thanks

--- 帖子 #2285 ---
Hi wonder if any one could ajust the ea to:

Hedge or close order when make some profit and does not let it go back under some profit set before

I know there is the profit lock to prevent this to happen but it didnt work

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2286 ---
How is it going here.

Somebody sent me a PM in another site tracing me from here.

I hope you guys have developed this further.

We need a good recovery system for this.

If anybody can help pls chime in. I'll be visiting once in a while.

--- 帖子 #2287 ---
what is a martingale?

do you consider these ... martingale?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...

--- 帖子 #2288 ---
i dont prefer martingale,these days im adding to profitable trades until the full quarter and then close all the profitable trades.

i find it is painful to go through emotional trauma everytime trades go into loss.so i am controlling my excitement and fear and keeping the trades going.

--- 帖子 #2289 ---
Good interested job!

Check my Grid mode and mq4 code variant.

Default for GOLD trading (H1 timeFrame)

--- 帖子 #2290 ---
hi guys ,

i tried to use ikarus_2.2 in u30 future ,i noticed it only open the position but did not continue , same for #ndx, i think the problem is the " mode_digits" it is 0 for us30 and 1 for #ndx.

any help to make it running. i prefer IKarus_2.2 , because of simplicity.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #2291 ---
max spread is already set on 100 and i have checked the spread its not taking trades on live.

--- 帖子 #2292 ---
still no trade for 13 days on vps. all settings are okay speard is also okay but no trade at all. i have i tried almost every version 4.72, 4.73, 4.75, etc etc no trade open

--- 帖子 #2293 ---
It seems not work. Any setfile to be provided ?

--- 帖子 #2294 ---
Any indicator attached to the EA ?

--- 帖子 #2295 ---
Hmmmm :| I changed something in Ikarus_4.75___flexATR_May_2023.mq4

and ...its run ....

--- 帖子 #2296 ---
Hi folks,

after few month of testing finally i got some good results. thank you very much those who put full efforts to modifiy the ikraus and i need help to modify some features . it will run in my real acccount for more than three months i am getting good results again thanks all

--- 帖子 #2297 ---
hey guy, can you share your preset?

thank you so much

--- 帖子 #2298 ---
thank, but can you share the manual of this EA?

--- 帖子 #2299 ---
Big Emm,please explain how to use martingale to our advantage? thanks

when should be the enty?

--- 帖子 #2300 ---
Hello everyone, greetings from Brazil. After a few days of reading all the topics on this rich forum, I reached the end! I am testing EA IKARUS (first version, without indicators) on 2 demo accounts. My main objective is to control the DD of this EA in order to use it in some prop firm. So, in a demo account I used the same settings as the prop firm, such as initial balance and leverage (1:100). I use the original set and trade only GBPUSD.

PS: the English was translated by Google, could you write in Brazilian Portuguese here?

https://www.mql5.com/pt/signals/2072587

--- 帖子 #2301 ---
Hello everybody! Today I finished my phase 1 test of Icarus. The profit target of most prop firms is around 8% to 10% profit (phase 1), a balance that was reached today after the FED Funds Rate. The maximum DD was 3.7% at the time of greatest market stress.

Now, I will start phase 2 of the test on another demo account, with the same characteristics as the prop firm, where I will pursue a profit of 5% observing the maximum DD of 5% daily.

Attached are the images of the MQL5 account, as well as the trading report and the set I am using in GBPUSD.

Hugs!

--- 帖子 #2302 ---
if u can share the set file ... Which u r using

--- 帖子 #2303 ---
Hello everybody! I started testing Ikarus - phase 2, towards the prop firm challenge. Here is the MQL5 link:
https://www.mql5.com/pt/signals/2077679
Edited on 09/26/2023:

Icarus flew so high that the Sun melted the wax on his wings... DD exploded, test failed.

--- 帖子 #2304 ---
Hey guys,

Yesterday I realized all open positions on my real account, so in total I was able to grow 5k to 20k, starting in 2021. Will pause for the rest of the year and have a new run in 2024.

Last 15 months I was more or less handling DD, but this is something which you should be prepared when using a grid EA.

Thanks for keeping this thread alive,

Cheeeeerrrrssss!

--- 帖子 #2305 ---
Hi all, anyone know what is causing the EA not closing trade to take profit?

I'm backtest with version 2.2 on the 1st post.

Adding basket profit to the trades with same magic number may solve the issue? Or may i set a fix TP with no trailing?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2306 ---
Good trading ...

maybe skip those non-currency pairs and keep account this running until a full 36 months to complete one cycle.

--- 帖子 #2307 ---
Hi folks,

Can this EA trade XAUUSD, if yes would you please share the set file!?

Much thanks

--- 帖子 #2308 ---
I am trading Gold using the last version - Ikarus_4.75___flexATR_May_2023. My setting is the same as was posted except the risk and lot size values. So far it is doing fine on profit with a very tiny DD as compared to profit.

--- 帖子 #2309 ---
Did you refer to this latest version here ?

How did you custom the setting?

--- 帖子 #2310 ---
Yes that is the version and I did not customize any setting except, as I have said previous, to alter risk and lot size value. This will obviously be according to your purse.

--- 帖子 #2311 ---
Hello, I came across this thread in my search for a grid EA and was hoping someone could point me in the right direction.

Is there a setting in ikarus or supermoney that will make the EA close each trade one by one rather than as a grid?

All of the EA I have found so far try to close multiple trades on reversal, I am looking for an EA that will not close the entire "basket" or virtual take profit.  Each order would have its own TP and the losing trades just languish about to be cleaned up later.

So basically this similar strategy, no multiplier, but do not close multiple trades all together?  Preferably with trailing stops?

Thanks in advance, I apologize if asking about a different feature is in breach of the rules of the forum.

--- 帖子 #2312 ---
Hello

I have been posting in this thread for some time now.

So, my suggestion is to add the external indicator Center_of_Gravity to the entry criteria for Ikarus4.75Ver.

If anyone can provide the source code, please do so.

--- 帖子 #2313 ---
Hi,

I would like to ask to all contributors here, if possible to add additional set of grid size if fixed was chosen for grid step mode option.

For the first ten grid, the grid size will be 20 pips and for the 11 to 20 grid the size will be 40 pips, by doing this the DD will be less. I'm doing this already but manually. So it will be great if it's already in the EA.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2314 ---
Can a coder add a option  on Icarus 2.22 to take profit when equity reaches a certain percentage

--- 帖子 #2315 ---
Really interested in your settings, this is a very good outcome for a large account.

Kindest regards.

--- 帖子 #2316 ---
There's an additional EA on here called Close Profit, works well alongside 2.22. Just remember you need two charts open on the same Pair, each EA loaded independently.

--- 帖子 #2317 ---
Would you share the source code for us ?

--- 帖子 #2318 ---
Thanks for replying . not what i want . Looking at when EQUITY is a certain % all trades are closed in profit or loss

--- 帖子 #2319 ---
Ah ok, no worries.

--- 帖子 #2320 ---
If i may ask, what is the magic number that you are using? Mine aint loading like Icarus 2.2

--- 帖子 #2321 ---
Hey MaPi congrats, with the settings of page 1?

--- 帖子 #2322 ---
Hello to all you "gridders" out there...

I have tried Ikarus_4.75___flexATR_May_2023 and found out that the CCI indicator didn't work at all. So I've fixed it with the help of AI coding... and now it works.

Also I have made a bunch of visual changes to make the entire chart more user friendly and easier to read. I've tried to display closed profits as text labels in $/pips on the chart above the candles like in the "AW Recovery / AW Trend Predictor" or "EA Black Dragon" but I have failed to do so. Maybe a very good coder can do it?

This version uses the Stochastic, RSI and CCI by default together with the flexible ATR grid size, calculating the last 120 bars (on H1 charts that would be 1 week), so the grid size and grid profit should adapt to almost all currency pairs automatically, without need to change the pips each time.

The overbought/oversold levels are quite strict, so Ikarus will make less trades. But hey, less is often more, right? Give it a go...

Update 07/11/2023: I've found 3 minor bugs and corrected them + some visual improvements. Please download again.

--- 帖子 #2323 ---
Thanks for your update !

--- 帖子 #2324 ---
Nice work I will give this a good check out this week and let you know how I fair with it! Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2325 ---
The CCI indicator seems still not work.

--- 帖子 #2326 ---
2023.11.22 01:00:21.354    cannot open file 'C:\Users\User\AppData\Roaming\MetaQuotes\Terminal\65C7B905D6DE76C5DFE0BCFE4D430CDC\MQL4\Experts\Ikarus_4.76_Nov_2023.ex4' [2]

mt4 build 1370

--- 帖子 #2327 ---
Hi

Im trying this wonderfull EA for sometimes and i notice that if anyone could make it stop opening orders like on fibo from 0.01 to 0.13 and then dont open any order because it opens ordrr 0.21 and so on

--- 帖子 #2328 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2329 ---
I got this error, how to fix it ?

and one bug when I tried to compile a new file please adivsor

--- 帖子 #2330 ---
please share this report "Financial report ytd" thanks

--- 帖子 #2331 ---
i know im new to this EA life but i cannot get it to work for me. i used the settings but its not placing trades

--- 帖子 #2332 ---
Hallo,

Can someone modify the EA that the EA should start when the price reaches the specified price level? For example, I specify that if the price reaches the price level of 1.6400 by EUR/AUD, then the EA trades in the buy direction, if the price reaches the price level of 1.6300, then the EA trades in the sell direction.

It would help me a lot in my trading.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2333 ---
@Rozsaaa

You do not need the price level to activate the trading.  You can simply load and run the EA when price reaches the level you want to.

I run the version in post #1 and it works just fine when you fully understand how Icarus concept works.
There are many features which you can tweek with and use the EA to trade your strategy the way you like it.
There will be some situations where you will have to make hard decision and cut-losses.

...

--- 帖子 #2334 ---
Hallo,

Thanks for the reply!

I know the Icarus EA, I've been using it for a few years with other trading strategies. Until now, I started it manually when the price reached the expected level, but I'm not always at home and near the internet, for that reason  as a result, I often miss the trade or open it later, which reduces my profit and increases my risk.

--- 帖子 #2335 ---
ok. I understand what you want to do.

but I dont think the OP will make this change request.

perhaps you contact member @TeChaoLiang who made many newer versions here and see if he will help you.

--- 帖子 #2336 ---
Thanks for the EA. It's rare that anyone posts source code these days.

--- 帖子 #2337 ---
Why is this not showing

--- 帖子 #2338 ---
Any idea why it take so long to backtest compared to other EA?

--- 帖子 #2339 ---
The best way to learn is by forward testing in live market conditions.

You can either use a small Live account US$1,000  1:400 leverage and trade one currency pair EurUsd.

or a Demo account....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...

--- 帖子 #2340 ---
I was trying EA last 3 day and it is really good but i have a question for who knows more about this EA, like this situations what should do? if price keep going up or down with a strong move EA will open new positions at some key levels i know but what if price still go against how to handle with that situation ?

--- 帖子 #2341 ---
I am using this EA more than a year. You are do manually close some orders when the Market goes too away from entry use higher time frame that's my kind advice

--- 帖子 #2342 ---
Thanks for reply, other day i closed one order but EA opened new order so i was not sure about closing orders so when i away from computer i just do rest & realize then close that way

--- 帖子 #2343 ---
You have 3 options with the hot buttons.

Post#1

The EA has some hot buttons so you can manage the action with one click:
Stop Next Cycle: After a cycle is closed in profit the new cycle will not be started. Rest & Realize: The EA will not add any new positions, when the take profit is reached it will use the trailing stop to secure and realize the cycle profit Stop & Close: All positions will be closed immediately, and the EA will not open new cycles

When a cycle has reached the number of positions you set in max_possition the manual mode hot buttons will be activated (Buttons will show yellow colour, Yellow Alert). The modus is also activated when equity drawdown is higher than the setting under equity_warning (Buttons will show red colour, Red Alert).

--- 帖子 #2344 ---
Thanks for the reply, yeah i mostly use rest&realize when i away from screen, my question was mostly about the orders which they stay far away from the price in that situation rest&realize works and tries to close all with profit, but when EA  open and price go against what to do close the orders or just wait for EA do the job ?

--- 帖子 #2345 ---
Just wait EA will do 80% of work but risk management is very important

--- 帖子 #2346 ---
I just made Stop Next Cycle and wait for EA do the job, what would you do in that situation ?

--- 帖子 #2347 ---
Bro,

Close all orders at minimum loss my best advice don't use ikraus in lower time frame and high voltality pairs use only in higher time frame

--- 帖子 #2348 ---
Power of Icarus ?

--- 帖子 #2349 ---
Dear DanielChain!

I can not change lot size.0.1 lot fix?

I will low

THX

--- 帖子 #2350 ---
is there an mt5m version?

--- 帖子 #2351 ---
Hello, can you help me edit the order entry when closing the candle? Check the value when closing the candle, if it is greater than grid_size then enter the order, if it is smaller then do not enter

--- 帖子 #2352 ---
Hi All

Nobody that can shed some light on above situation

Help will be greatly apprecited

Thank you

--- 帖子 #2353 ---
My settings

--- 帖子 #2354 ---
you have not reached your Max_Position = 20 ...

Max-Positions = 5

I use maximum 5 positions per basket, TMS MEME strategy.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...

--- 帖子 #2355 ---
Hi,

Thanks for sharing. Downloaded now. will post result

--- 帖子 #2356 ---
Would you mind to share the setfile ?

--- 帖子 #2357 ---
Hello dear gridders!

I'm very excited to share with you the new, completely re-written 2024 version of Ikarus, which changed so much, so that I have renamed it to "FLEXY THE DRAGON" if you don't mind, as I didn't like the name so much...  Before you throw eggs on me... hold your horses, as this version is able to... are you ready for this?

Yes, it's able to trade almost EVERY INDICATOR (with buffers). And not just one, up to 3 additional indicators, also in combination with the Bollinger, RSI, Stoch, CCI. And that's not all. You can also use now the option "strict signals" to open new grids only, if there is a valid signal. And if that's not enough, it's also able to use any indicator as exit trigger, which will close the entire grid.

It also displays now the profits directly on the chart, in green color for positive winners and red color for negative loosers. If there is more than one trade closed, it also displays how many orders where closed at the same time (in brackets). This was one of the hardest part to figure out how to code...

I have also completely re-ordered and described the settings to make it more userfriendly and understandable. At the same time I've tried to keep the names of the old settings, so we know what we are talking about. There is also a mini-guide under the custom indicator settings, which explains how to set up the indicators (as there are different types of indicators out there).

Yes, I know this should be actually not for free... This could cost easy $499... but hey, I've just modified it and I could never code the entire EA, as I don't really know how to code. It took quite a few weeks to do this with the help of different AI tools. If you like to support me, feel free to do so, but of course only if you have earned some money with it!

ATTENTION: There is just one minor bug, which I couldn't fix on my own and that's the auto lot size. If you use auto lot size (true), then as soon as you use any kind of stop loss and it gets triggered, there will be an error in the journal and it will not open any more trades. If someone could have a look into it, that would be awesome. I think it has something to do with the calculation based on the last balance/equity. For now leave it to "false" and adjust the lot size manually.

And one more tipp: If you want to backtest faster, turn off all three "show..." options in the beginning (on top) of the settings.

Anyhow I wish everyone lots of fun with this new tool and feel free to share any of your favourite set files and indicator setups for Flexy The Dragon v2...

Greetings, Daniel

--- 帖子 #2358 ---
WOW :O

Thank you man, that's amazing what you did there!

Did you already find good set-files? How do you use it?

--- 帖子 #2359 ---
Hello Daniel, thank you very much for sharing, I am going to try it and review the sets, I am currently unemployed and have not managed to be profitable, if your EA helps me I will gladly support you with a payment in the link you shared. Hugs from Spain.

--- 帖子 #2360 ---
Hi,

Don’t throw money away without first testing.

Ron

--- 帖子 #2361 ---
I've just come across this, and wow what an amazing effort!!!

I'm interested in using the EA to control manual trades I place  (not using any buttons on this EA) but just from my phone etc.

Do I need to make sure all inputs to use indicator signals are set to off, and just use magic number 0?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2362 ---
Hi Gridders,

I'm still experimenting with the PTL "Perfect Trend Line" indicator by Mladen / Mrtools, as this is almost the same like the "Point Zero Day Trading" or the "Donchian Breakout" indicator, but it's for free and is very lightweight:
https://forex-station.com/attach/file/3425793

This is also a good example for the "Empty" and "Price" type indicator settings with its buffers:

For your base/main trend line you can try a PTL-120/240/480 (=1/2/4 weeks) as "Price" type indicator with buffers "0" for buy/sell, as this is just using the line of the PTL indicator. This will represent the weekly/monthly trend. And for the entry you can use the arrows of the same indicator, but as a PTL-3 (period 3) as "Empty" type indicator with buffer "5" for buy and "4" for sell. That's working like a breakout following the high/lows of the last 3 candles on the H1 chart.

In this way it will place new orders each time the price starts to trend again in the main direction. So it's not always trading, it leaves room for the price to retrace and then enters on those short 3 candle breakouts.

For the grid spacing you can try 20-40 pips with max. 10 orders and take profit of 10-20 pips with partical closing 2 (close the grid as soon as possible using the last order's profit to close the oldest orders) and with a lot multiplier 1.5.

That's right. Always make backtests in the strategy tester (control points and every tick) and also on a demo account to make sure everything works 100% before you touch any of your real money to trade with!

If you turn all indicators off, then the EA will place trades without any indicators all the time. So you might use for example the Bollinger Bands indicator and set the deviaton to 99 or sth similar, so the EA won't place any trades automatically. Just try it on demo and see if that works.

Greetings,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2363 ---
Please can you upload the PTL indicator?

I dont get where to put in this nummbers (For your base/main trend line you can try a PTL-120/240/480 (=1/2/4 weeks) as "Price" type indicator with buffers "0" for buy/sell, as this is just using the line of the PTL indicator. ) into the EA. Can you upload a picture?  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2364 ---
{quote} If you turn all indicators off, then the EA will place trades without any indicators all the time. So you might use for example the Bollinger Bands indicator and set the deviaton to 99 or sth similar, so the EA won't place any trades automatically. Just try it on demo and see if that works.  Greetings, Daniel[/quote]

Hi thanks for that, basically choose an indicator with a variable it will never reach, good idea!

For a future release I'd suggest something like a "manual mode" where it will only control trades not placed by the EA, just being controlled by the magic number 0.

--- 帖子 #2365 ---
Here you go. Just change the 240 number to whatever you like, put it in your indicator folder and then write "PTL-240" in your custom indicator. If it's in a folder, for example "Trends", you need to write "Trends/PTL-240" into the indicator name. Choose the indicator type "Empty" (for using only the arrows) or "Price" (for using the trend line) and then keep the buffers at 0/0 for the Price or change to 5/4 for Empty. Change the "Exit" to false otherwise it will close the entire grid, even if it's not in profit.

Did you read the mini guide under the custom indicator settings? Empty is for arrow type of indicators, Value is for oscillators, Price is for trend lines (like moving averages) and Cross is the same, but it triggers only once, if price crosses the line.

Wow, this should be really not for free... lol, now I'm even doing here customer support...

Greetings,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2366 ---
Wow. Thank you very, very much. You have done me a huge favor with this explanation. I'm sure someone else can use this information too.

--- 帖子 #2367 ---
Good Job !

--- 帖子 #2368 ---
Is it possible to convert to MQL5?

--- 帖子 #2369 ---
Sorry, I don't know how to code. Maybe you try to ask some AI tool or a coder who can do this for you?

--- 帖子 #2370 ---
Hello Gridders,

I have built yet another new exciting feature into Flexy v2.1: It's called "Profit Reducing" which will reduce the take profit per X pips for each opened grid order.

So if let's say your take profit is set to 20.0 pips and your profit reducing is set to 2.0 pips, then after 5 orders your take profit will be just 10.0 pips... and after 10 orders (or more) it will be set to the minimum value of 1.0 pip.

This will close (loosing) grids in strong trends against the grid much faster, as only a short retracement is needed to close all orders. I've found this feature in the CAP Strategy Builder as well as in the AW Scalping Dynamics, which worked quite well with gridding.

So instead of increasing your lot multiplier to 2.0 with very high risk, now you can try the "Profit Reducing" feature to close grids faster, with significantly less risk.

--- 帖子 #2371 ---
非常好

--- 帖子 #2372 ---
This EA is very amazing!

I have one question, is it possible to use indicators that are already in MT4 as additional indicators?

For example, is it possible to set things like MACD?

--- 帖子 #2373 ---
Hi sanatan, I'm afraid that's not possible. But should be no problem. Just head over to the thread linked below on forex-station to pick your indicator. I think you will find everything you need over there.

MT4 Indicators Threads List
https://forex-station.com/mt4-indica...-t8430755.html

Greetings,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2374 ---
thank you!

I will try to find it

--- 帖子 #2375 ---
Hi all. Help please - the Ikarus  (attached, version: Ikarus_4.76_Nov_2023 ) works in the tester, but does not trade on the account in the terminal, does not open orders. Maybe someone knows what the problem is and how to fix it?

--- 帖子 #2376 ---
Use default setting ?

--- 帖子 #2377 ---
Looks O.K but too many trades and the Broker would not be Happy...I know nothing about these EA,s and could not find the Take Profit and profit reducing settings
Cheers,
R

--- 帖子 #2378 ---
Dear Ced74, please read the first post and research grid trading. If you don't know what's an EA then you might consider to study about it first. I would not post comments in this thread or forum, if they don't help anybody, except it's just off-topic. Thanks!

Try to enable live trading and reset your EAs settings. If it still doesn't work, try the latest "Flexy The Dragon v2.1". I'm sure the default settings should work.

Greetings,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2379 ---
Thanks Daniel for your reply.

Poor wording with my post as I have been trading for 30+ years and never found a EA like these that work.....I was referring to the Dragon v2.1.

Thanks again ...I will fade away.

The Brokers most certainly would not like this

Best wishes

Ron

--- 帖子 #2380 ---
Hi Ron,

I'm not sure what do you mean by "the broker won't like this". Could you explain further why the brokers would not allow grid trading?

Of course, if you have trades every minute or a trailing stop with a 1 point step... I understand. But if you trade for example on H1 charts and add max. every hour one more trade to your maximum 12 trades limited grid, I'm sure this would be no problem for the broker.

If you're going crazy with grid trading on M5 charts without any strategy/indicators and make your grid spacing 2pips tiny, I'm sure the broker would contact you sooner or later...

I think the main problem is to handle the big drawdowns caused by the grids, that's why we have to find ways to limit our risk by closing the grids asap. This could be done with "Partial Closing" where a retracement will be taken advantage of by closing the 1st and last grid orders. Now there is also the option of "Profit Reducing", which will also close the grid earlier by decreasing your initial take profit if more orders are opened.

I highly recommend to trade always with the main trend (200MA). To do so, you can use the Bollinger Bands with a 200 period (SMA) and 0.1 deviation. Then choose your favourite entry/trigger indicator... Maybe the inbuild RSI with a period of 3 and 90/10 ob/os levels? Or a donchian breakout (PTL) with a period of 3, 6, or 12? Just some ideas...

Happy trading,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2381 ---
Thanks Daniel.

I have it on a 1 hour chart and will look at it in more depth later when I have more time.

Gold is a wild animal and may not be the best pair to trade.

I will leave on default during the Asian session and turn off When NY arrives due to Red Flag news and high volatility..

I watch this thread from the Shadows

Cheers,

Ron

--- 帖子 #2382 ---
Alright, enjoy. Here is another indicator, which might be useful for someone. It's called "Bollinger Backs 2.0" and draws arrows if the price breaks out of the bands and goes back again, so it will wait until price goes inside the bands. Simply change the deviation inside the mq4 file. The buffers for the arrows are 3 and 4.

Try a combination with the inbuild Bollinger Bands, 200 period + 0.1 deviation. This will keep you always going WITH the trend. So a buy signal would be triggered, if price is below the BB200(0.1) and breaks out of the upper band of the smaller Bollinger Backs 2.0 and goes back again - if that makes sense?

You can also try "Exit other open orders" on opposite signal of the Bollinger Backs (as a stop loss). But always remember to turn off auto lot size, because after the exit it won't open anymore trades. So set your base lot size manually.

Greetings,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2383 ---
Here is a good example of exiting on the opposite of the Bollinger Backs signal.

1) The price was still below the BB200(0.1) and broke out of the BB20(2.0) and went back, so it opened the inital trade.

2-7) More grid orders were opened...

8) Price retraced only a bit, so the 7th order was closed, together with the 1st order ("Partial Closing" to reduce the amount of grid orders).

9) It opened the same 7th order with same lot size again, waiting to close the 2nd order or hitting take profit line...

10) But it couldn't either, so the opposite blue arrow of the BB20(2.0) triggered an exit of the entire sell grid

Greetings,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2384 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2385 ---
Dear Daniel,

Would you please share your best setting to us ?

--- 帖子 #2386 ---
I haven't found any best settings yet and there are 28 pairs to test it on. So please share your settings and ideas if you find any profitable sets.

--- 帖子 #2387 ---
Hi Mr. Mapi and fellow traders.

I just registered this account to share my experience with ikarus2.2. I had tremendous success since Oct 2023. I have been to double the account in a month on average. I always start with an 10000$ demo account and turn it to 20000$ in about a month and i would get a new demo account with 10000. I trade most of the pairs. With some pairs like EURAUD, EURNZD, GBPAUD GBPNZD GBPCAD I use larger grid size than others. I don't blindly turn on ikarus and let it trade. I use extreme TMA system to decide whether i should go short, long or both. This way i don't get caught by a big move against me.  Especially if the price is in the middle of the band, I double the regular grid size i usually use for that pair.

I recently set up a live account and started trading. With the demo account when the EA opens both long and short at the same time, it's market natural so there is no risk, but it does come with the cost of spread and overnight fees. So I would like to start the EA with a small size let's say 0.01lot to start, and once it starts I would like to change the trading size to something bigger let's say 0.1 hoping that when the market goes against me ikarus would add 0.1lot instead of 0.01. But it seems not working. Even though i changed the setting min_lot to 0.1 lot after it opened 0.01lot, when the time comes it still adds 0.01. Do someone know how to solve this problem? Basically i wanted to initiate small like a bait and change the size bigger which is the real size i want to use. If the current EA doesn't have the functionality, can someone help to add it? I highly appreciate it. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2388 ---
Sir, please share your set file to us for reference. Thank You !

--- 帖子 #2389 ---
there is no fixed settings for grid step. For less volatile pairs i usually 60 to start and can go up to 100 if it's in the middle of the band. For more volatile ones i start with 100 and can go up to 200. If you are hoping to make money with a fixed setting, most likely you will lose. The market is moving, hence the settings need to change.

--- 帖子 #2390 ---
ikarus2.2 manages trades with the magic number.

when you want to trade a bigger lot size like 0.1 lot you can so use market order manually with a different magic number ....

or you can load ikarus2.2 on another chart with a different magic number from that using 0.01lot.

it will come a time when you have to close all the positions with 0.01lot and maybe take some small  losses and let those with 0.1lot run.

...

--- 帖子 #2391 ---
to use dynamic settings according to the prevailing market type conditions is always better

ikarus2.2 work best when the market is sideways choppy and is range bound.

when the market starts to trend, then the traders must decide to trade only in one direction.

--- 帖子 #2392 ---
@euyhk

If you post a few currency pair charts and I will share with you the setting for next week Feb 12 to 16.

this is the better way to learn how to trade a particular strategy and using ikarus2.2 as your trading system expert advisor.

--- 帖子 #2393 ---
The problem is to decide or know, when the market is going sideways and when is it about to start trending... Is there any indicator for that? Maybe a TMA or HMA slope? Or if 480 + 120 + 24 PTL is all blue, then it's in an uptrend and if 24 PTL is not blue, it goes sideways? How do you determine if it's a sideways or trending market and on which time frame...?

It's all possible to put it into this EA, but we need first a strategy... If you need more than 3 indicators, I can also add more. But as I said, we need to have a profitable and mechanical strategy first. How about the TMS method you have mentioned? I think there is also a TMS indicator which we could use for that, right? Heiken Ashi + 2x Stochastics + TDI + EMA shifted, on H4 charts, right?

Greetings,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2394 ---
double equityDifference = max_equity - AccountEquity();

if (max_equity != 0) {

double equityPercentage = equityDifference / max_equity * 100;

string panelText1 = "DD: -" + DoubleToString(equityDifference, 2) + " " + ter_currencySymbol + " (-" + DoubleToString(equityPercentage, 2) + " %)";

Write("panel_1_10", panelText1, 5, 190, "Roboto Condensed", 14, clrGold);

string panelText2 = "Max: " + DoubleToString(max_float, 2) + " " + ter_currencySymbol + " (" + DoubleToString(max_float / max_equity * 100, 2) + " %)";

Write("panel_1_11", panelText2, 5, 213, "Roboto Condensed", 11, clrDarkGoldenrod);

} else {

string panelText1 = "DD: -" + DoubleToString(equityDifference, 2) + " " + ter_currencySymbol + " (-100.00 %)";

Write("panel_1_10", panelText1, 5, 190, "Roboto Condensed", 14, clrGold);

string panelText2 = "Max: " + DoubleToString(max_float, 2) + " " + ter_currencySymbol + " (100.00 %)";

Write("panel_1_11", panelText2, 5, 213, "Roboto Condensed", 11, clrDarkGoldenrod);

}

fix zero Divice

--- 帖子 #2395 ---
Hi Thank you for your response. What I am looking for is the using the same magic number(same basket of trades) to trade different sizes. for example, based on TMA system, I need to take short trades. But it's not the best time to start shorting at my regular size 0.1lot yet, but i won't have time to watch the market later to do a short either by starting ikrus or manully. So i set up ikrus and let it short for 0.01, and right way i change the lot setting to 0.1 hoping that later on ikrus can add 0.1 short for me. So in this case i don't need to risk much with my very first short because it's only 0.01, instead it's being used like a bait for ikrus to start. and if the market doesn't go higher to fill my 0.1lot order, i don't need to pay the broker storage fee.

I tested ikrus, and even though i changed the setting to 0.1lot, it still placed 0.01 . Does anyone know how to do this? Or is it possible to change the code of ikrus? Thank ou very much!

--- 帖子 #2396 ---
The main question is how offen you can interfere with Icarus. If you put Lot multiplicator ot 10 next position will be 0.1 as you wish but the next one is 1 lot.

In case that you can access Icarus between opening possitions of 0.1 and 1 lot you will have to return Lot multiplicator to 1 and to close possitions of 0.01 lot (Icarus based on number of opened possitions and the smallest one choose next lot size).

Or to define new lot progression algorithm...

--- 帖子 #2397 ---
Hi Thank you for the clarification! I don't use it on a regular basis. I only use it when the price is close to extreme but not mature enough. So i want to put an small order like 0.01 in so that ikrus can add when the price is better. How do you do  multiplicator o 10? I don't see it in my settings. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2398 ---
Newer versions of EA have that parameter.

But why you don't use simple limit order and set magic number to 0. You will miss the profit from 0.01 but, as I understood, it is not important to you.

--- 帖子 #2399 ---
hi Mpele. I would love set limit orders. do you mean if magic number is 0, ikrus will not open trades right away? and how does ikrus recognize my limit order if i put it manually? Or is there a way to put limit order through ikrus? What's version has this functionality? Thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #2400 ---
Icarus take in consideration for its math all opened positions of current symbol and defined magic number. When you set limit order, from the moment it has been triggered, if it has right magic number Icarus will treat it as it's own.

So, as the magic number of manually orders is 0 you need to set Icarus to work with 0 and you can manually add orders (first or later) and it will do the rest.

If you have orders outside of Icarus you need very simple script to just set limit order with right magic number.

--- 帖子 #2401 ---
hi Mpele! Using magic number as 0 works great with limit orders. I didn't know we can do it. Thank you very much. Do you see any downside that i may not be aware of ? Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #2402 ---
There is no downside if you do not have other independent manually opened position.

--- 帖子 #2403 ---
I like Ikarus and your modified version so much. I'm trying to combine Bollinger Backs 2.0 but I am not sure setting for custom indi is correct, I attacted screen short here please help me check if it is correct.

Thanks @DanielChan

--- 帖子 #2404 ---
May be "...

The buffers for the arrows are 3 and 4." is mistake value correct are 4 & 5 right?

--- 帖子 #2405 ---
Inserted Code void InitVars() {
// Reset number of buy/sell orders
buys = 0;
sells = 0;
hedge_buys = 0;
hedge_buys = sells; // ??? should be:  hedge_sells = 0;
There is an error

--- 帖子 #2406 ---
Good morning dear friends, I would like to request help with Dragon V2.1, how can I prevent it from opening several operations in the same minute, it has happened to me several times, and I have not been able to avoid it.

Grateful

--- 帖子 #2407 ---
Hey, I can help

--- 帖子 #2408 ---
The Time Working functionality is not operational, I have set a time range so that it does not carry out operations and even if it does. Grateful for your contributions.

Excuse my English, I'm using Google Translate.

--- 帖子 #2409 ---
So, did you start a new run?

Thanks and greetings from Wandsbek

--- 帖子 #2410 ---
Thanks for the continued support with the EA, I'm about the play around with it, and I'm looking at the grid settings...

For option 2 (sum) - I assume it means I can choose a custom martingale multiplier? All I want to do is have 2 trades of an equal lot, then it multiplies 1.5x, so approx 0.33, 0.33, 0.5,0.5, 0.75,0.75 etc etc

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2411 ---
Hello, the indi Bollinger Backs uses arrows, so the buffers are empty as long as there is no arrows plotted on the chart. Therefore select empty type and buffers for arrows will be 3 for buy, 4 for sell. Value is only for oscillators with values like RSI2 with value of 80 or 20 etc. Greetings, Daniel

Hi Severus, what is this fix for? What do you mean by "zero Divice"?

Hello, just try it out. Option 2 means it will use the multiplier. There is no input option to use custom lot sizes. It will simply multiply it by 1.1, 1.3, 1.45, 1.7 or whatever you like...

Yes, it would be nice if we could limit orders in minutes, so we could choose for example "60" for preventing it to enter new orders on H1 charts, if the entry signal on that candle is still valid. If somebody knows how to implement this, would be great. Otherwise I have to ask the AI and try to code it... but this will take a while...

Wow, nice found! I've fixed the error for the hedging orders. Here is the new version v2.2. Unfortunately the error for the auto lot size in combination with any kinds of stop losses still doesn't work. If somebody knows how to fix this error, that would be great. Until then use only fixed lot size. Thank you

--- 帖子 #2412 ---
Thank you very much @DanielChan but please make clear this situations I don't know where value 3 because I CTRL + D for buffer and I found that value 4 for arrow BUY and value 5 for SELL, value 3 alway appeared in buffer panel

--- 帖子 #2413 ---
When max_equity equals 0, a fatal error occurs. But it doesn’t matter, because when max_equity equals 0, it means that the account has exploded。This EA is complicated. When I have time, I will check the issue of automatic lot counting.

--- 帖子 #2414 ---
It always starts from buffer 0. So value 1 is 0, 2 is 1 and so on... Just try it out and see what the EA is doing. Try 3, 4 and 5 for buy and you will know...

--- 帖子 #2415 ---
Inserted Code   if (strict_signals) {
if (orderType == OP_BUY && !Indicators_Buy()) {
return;  // No valid buy signal, do not open new buy order
}
if (orderType == OP_SELL && !Indicators_Sell()) {
return;  // No valid sell signal, do not open new sell order
}
}
can be changed to ？
Inserted Code   if (strict_signals) {
if (!Indicators_Buy() || !Indicators_Sell()) {
return;
}
}

--- 帖子 #2416 ---
profit_lock doesn't seem to work

--- 帖子 #2417 ---
the version in post #1 is working.

profit_lock work when breakout into strong trending move ... it is trailing after present% profit locked.

pay close attention to usd for strong bulls or strong bears,

then if your are in open positions AU, EU, GU, UCad, UChf .... you will see how profit_lock work.

--- 帖子 #2418 ---
Thank you for your explanation. profit_lock does work. It was because I filled in the wrong value before that it didn’t work.

--- 帖子 #2419 ---
Default is 1.0, but it says 0.01 = 1%, I assume this is based on you setting your grid position size to 0.01? so if you had 0.5 position size that would = 1%

So 1.0 is always 1% right?

--- 帖子 #2420 ---
1.0=100%，That is, no profit lock-in.    0.5 is to lock in half of the profit, and 100pips to lock in 50pips profit. Close the position when the floating profit is less than 50pips

--- 帖子 #2421 ---
Ahhhh! That's helpful, Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2422 ---
Hi all...

just came across this thread....

i'm testing the EA in first page (v 2.2) with the default settings on EU...anyone is using it on other pairs, i tryed it on GU but it was not giving good results, i will test it more...

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2423 ---
I fix error ver 2.0

--- 帖子 #2424 ---
Here is yet another updated version v2.4 as I've fixed the bug and added two new features.

Now it displays the ADR10 in the top right corner, just under the currency symbol, as I'm using the ADR a lot.

I have also re-arranged the buttons into a simple one line panel, added a bit of spacing in between to create 3 groups and gave the buys a blue-ish and sells a red-ish color instead of the weird green-ish color. The other 3 stop and realize buttons are now in a gray-ish color.

This makes it hopefully easier to spot and will avoid human errors. In case of a yellow or red alert, the buttons still become all yellow and red.

Greetings,

Daniel

edit: fixed error by Severus and uploaded again

edit2: fixed another error calculating ADR for XAU/JPY pairs

(double "if" and "if" instead of "if" and "if else")

--- 帖子 #2425 ---
Hello Severus,

please specify exactly where to place this code and/or what code must be replaced.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2426 ---
Here bro

--- 帖子 #2427 ---
fix by code :

double equityDifference = max_equity - AccountEquity();

if (max_equity != 0) {

double equityPercentage = equityDifference / max_equity * 100;

string panelText1 = "DD: -" + DoubleToString(equityDifference, 2) + " " + ter_currencySymbol + " (-" + DoubleToString(equityPercentage, 2) + " %)";

Write("panel_1_10", panelText1, 5, 190, "Roboto Condensed", 14, clrGold);

string panelText2 = "Max: " + DoubleToString(max_float, 2) + " " + ter_currencySymbol + " (" + DoubleToString(max_float / max_equity * 100, 2) + " %)";

Write("panel_1_11", panelText2, 5, 213, "Roboto Condensed", 11, clrDarkGoldenrod);

} else {

string panelText1 = "DD: -" + DoubleToString(equityDifference, 2) + " " + ter_currencySymbol + " (-100.00 %)";

Write("panel_1_10", panelText1, 5, 190, "Roboto Condensed", 14, clrGold);

string panelText2 = "Max: " + DoubleToString(max_float, 2) + " " + ter_currencySymbol + " (100.00 %)";

Write("panel_1_11", panelText2, 5, 213, "Roboto Condensed", 11, clrDarkGoldenrod);

}

--- 帖子 #2428 ---
I've found it, replaced the code and uploaded the version v2.4 again in my last post. Thank you Severus!

--- 帖子 #2429 ---
pls check your messenger

--- 帖子 #2430 ---
I've just fixed another minor error, which was not correctly calculating the ADR for XAU/JPY pairs. I've reuploaded the v2.4 version in my last post.

There are still 6 big features on the wish list I would love to have:

1) manual trading panel to open orders with input field for lot size and arrows which adjust the volume by 0.01 lots (+ all buttons working in the backtester)
2) buy/sell pause buttons to quickly turn on or off the trade direction, which will also smoothly finish all currently open grid cycles
3) hedged partial closing of orders for opposite trades, if there are trades opened in other direction, it will use the profits to close the other grids
4) partial closing by pips which finds the largest loosing position and closes it partially in small parts, if another position goes into profit by XX pips (similar to "AW Recovery EA", "AW Close By Profitables" or "Open Lock EA")
5) multi currency trading especially for global partial closing, which finds the largest loosers and close it using profits from other profitable grids and pairs
6) send settings to custom indicators from an EAs input field line by line, so you don't need to modify the mq4 file, or if you have only the ex4 file

not easy to do, but maybe there is a passionate coder to implement these dreams into our EA?

--- 帖子 #2431 ---
thank you for your contributions for our community, you help us alot. I've a indi but I don't know value for put into settings of custom indi, could I have your email or @telegram for send indi for you help me find solutions

--- 帖子 #2432 ---
Sorry, I can not help everybody to find the buffers for the indicators. You have to put the effort in and find them yourself, study how buffers work. There is already a quick reference guide in the EAs settings. I've also spent lots of time to find out the correct buffers for various indicators.

Attach the indicator to your chart, press CTRL+D and find the buffers. Remember the first buffer has the number 0 and not 1. It starts always from 0. So if there is an arrow at the 4th buffer filled with 1.0000 value on the buy/sell candle signal, then go for the buffer 3 used as an empty indicator, as the value is usually empty and gets only triggered if it gets filled with a value (usually just 1.0000).

--- 帖子 #2433 ---
Hey @DanielChan,

Quick one, I've been testing this on live and demo accounts. it's working great, However I've just spoken to my broker who has told me the EA is sending ALOT of requests for new orders, even when the grid limit has been reached, It's still trying to "BUY/SELL" new positions when the grid is iset to 10 max and I've 10 positions open. The only reason it doesn't buy more is because the lot size is high and it says "insufficient funds". They've said i'm constantly messaging their servers every second ... Do you know of this bug?

Keep up the great work! I love this thing.

Cheers,

Dan

--- 帖子 #2434 ---
Log file for the above looks like this.

Inserted Code 54    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:06.663    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:07.210    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:07.320    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:12.585    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:12.726    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:14.195    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:14.304    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:15.523    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:15.617    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:16.163    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:16.273    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:18.163    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:18.257    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:21.367    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:21.445    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:21.695    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:21.788    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:22.226    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:22.320    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:22.820    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:22.960    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:23.789    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:23.898    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:25.304    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:25.413    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:27.398    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
1    00:19:27.523    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell 0.05 EURUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]
0    00:19:27.960    'xxxxxxxxxxx': order sell market 0.05 EURUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000

--- 帖子 #2435 ---
Yes, this happens also in the backtest, if you are already in deep drawdown, close to margin call, without money... So you should shut down the EA manually or set the account risk to 0.9 for max 90% drawdown, after that it will close all orders, shut down and not send new orders. Try to lower your lot sizes, increase your grid steps, limit your max. orders and/or make sure you have enough money for the entire grid.

Edit: I will set the yoga mode / equity warning to 0.7 (70%) and shut down / account risk to 0.9 (90%) as default for the next version.

ps. working on the "One Candle Limit" function to limit multiple entries on the same candle

Greetings,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2436 ---
Heyho Gridders,

I'm proud to present you yet another big update of Flexy The Dragon v2.5 with re-ordered risk / recovery settings and a new feature (or actually it's a fix) called "One Candle Limit" which - you guessed it - won't open more grid orders on the same candle anymore, but will wait for the next one. This took a while to code with the help of AI, because I found myself in a loop of repeating errors and complicated fixes by the AI... but after I gave the AI a hint, it finally worked out.

For the next part I want to add another feature "Partial Breaking", which will close the last orders in the grid like a stop loss, if they have reached a specific distance (pips/ATR) in loss and were not beeing able to close in profit by Partial Closing. So it will gradually close the first grid orders to reduce drawdown and get the average TP price closer to the current price to avoid a crash, because sometimes it simply goes down and down or up and up... without retracing enough to trigger the partial closing of the last and first order in the grid.

Greetings,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2437 ---
You are on fire - awesome job

--- 帖子 #2438 ---
Great work and thanks for the updated info prior.

I will test this new version for you in the coming week!

Top work!

--- 帖子 #2439 ---
Hello gridders,

I was working on the Partial Breaking feature and finally, after the AI drove me complete nuts, finally it worked...  So now you can choose to simply close your oldest/first orders in the grid as soon as X orders in the grid are opened.

You can also combine it with Partial Closing. So if there is a retrace of price, it will try to use the last order to close the first order in profit and if that doesn't work out and the price skyrockets up or stonefalls down then it will close the orders to keep the grid to a certain number of orders.

So here it is: Flexy The Dragon v2.6... Have fun and if you make money consider to by me some coffee... ;D

buymeacoffee.com/danielchan

--- 帖子 #2440 ---
hi,

i keep on testing this EA (original version v2.2)... i´m trying to win the lottery with the next question, anyone has a working mt5 version for the original EA? or any idea how to convert it? or where (cheap)?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #2441 ---
i have ideas confirm trend... will small risk

--- 帖子 #2442 ---
HERE IS BUG , WHEN I ACTIVE Partial Breaking.  after few trade - it open and close random Trade frequently.   Not every time but Some time

--- 帖子 #2443 ---
I think we need a small features, need limited quantity of target per candle, example: if I set maximum = 3 so it will close target 3 times, even still can enter more entry but it will not entry more

--- 帖子 #2444 ---
Viet Nam ???

--- 帖子 #2445 ---
yep bro. nice too meet you!

--- 帖子 #2446 ---
I confirm! I set Partial Breaking = 5. this Partial Breaking it'll close trade not right circle. I have 3 Sell pos negative then market moving UP it open more 2 BUY pos and it close 1st Sell pos, the correct circle is SELL not BUY circle

--- 帖子 #2447 ---
Nicely done!

I need to add, if you're adding this type of feature, you really need to add a automatic Stop Loss to all trades (Even if its 100+ pips away). Should the EA stop/break/crash and the market swings with news, you can literally wipe out an account without a SL.

Maybe a SL above the GRID top & bottom as a safety net would be a very valuable risk management precaution.

--- 帖子 #2448 ---
Hi Gridders,

I have tested the "Partial Breaking" function for 10 years in the backtest on two different H1 pairs and it works as intended. Actually the name "Partial Breaking" is very similar to the "Partial Closing" and might be confusing or easy to mix it up. So I've changed the name to "Grid Outscaling" which describes it quite well.

So let's call it now "Grid Outscaling" instead, which should start to close the 1st/oldest orders in the grid for a loss if it reaches X orders in the grid and keeps closing more orders in the grid until it hits TP.

The other "Partial Closing" uses the last order's profit to close the 1st/oldest order for a small profit and keeps the same lot size of the last order to close the next oldest order until it can hit TP.

Also I've added a little feature to add a custom text on the chart with a strategy name and description, so it's easy to create different strategies and save it as a template. You could for example name one strategy "Bollinger Bands Long" and in the description "trades buy orders with 20 grid step + 10 take profit" or whatever you like. Also you can change the color to "blue" to easy spot the BUY only expert/template.

So here is Flexy The Dragon v2.7 for download below.

So far, keep calm, play safe, get rich.

Greetings, Daniel

--- 帖子 #2449 ---
Hi

please i would like to know if it's possible to use ICARUS 4.31 with the same broker account with differents windows witch everyone have a devise and a magic number.

--- 帖子 #2450 ---
Woah quick work! Well done!

I've just thrown this onto a new test node for forward testing this week.

Quick one, Can we turn off order comments? Literally "Flexy The Dragon-0" is showing on all positions. This is great for the tool but once the brokers/exchanges know what strategy you're running, they DO code in algo's to offset your profits. I really hope you can turn this off otherwise this will get chopped up by the market before it works well.

--- 帖子 #2451 ---
Nitty gritty, but got tired of the compile warnings:

changed this:

//old

string nome_file = DoubleToString(versionBMI, 0) + "_" + Symbol() + "_" + IntegerToString(magic) + "_log.txt";

//new

string nome_file = versionBMI + "_" + Symbol() + "_" + IntegerToString(magic) + "_log.txt";

and

//old

string versionStr = DoubleToString(versionBMI, 2);

//new

string versionStr = versionBMI;

and like magic the two compile warning disappears, as versionBMI already is a string.

--- 帖子 #2452 ---
Quick and dirty way to do this would be like this:

Change

string key = "Flexy The Dragon";

into

string key = "";

and the order comment would have stripped the block "Flex The Dragon"

--- 帖子 #2453 ---
Hey fraggli,

that's awesome. Thanks for your fix! It's compiling now without warnings.

For the next version I have also changed the "key" for order comments to the "Strategy" input field, so the first "Name of Strategy" will be used for all comments, included the hedged trades. I will not upload this version for now, as this is only a very small change... As soon as there are other major fixes or new features I will upload v2.8.

Happy trading

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2454 ---
Both fraggli and DanielChan Thank you! Those updates are perfect. Look forward to testing out v2.8 when it comes!

--- 帖子 #2455 ---
Just done this now, works perfectly well. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #2456 ---
Pls add a that small features by limited quantity of target reached per candle

--- 帖子 #2457 ---
Please explain your idea a bit further ?

--- 帖子 #2458 ---
check it from here :
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post14768263

--- 帖子 #2459 ---
İs there a foult with 2-7version or am ı using wrong obtions wrong

--- 帖子 #2460 ---
What makes you say that ? Maybe error description would help ?

--- 帖子 #2461 ---
Hello,

I am testing the latest version right now, but I want yo confirm something

If we checked the parcial close it will close the first and last orders on the take profit you specify?! If so what do you think, shohld we close them on a Break even because we want to close them ASAP and the other orders will close normaly on the TP.

what do you think?

--- 帖子 #2462 ---
I have converted the source code into the MQL5 version and provided it for testing to interested individuals. I have been conducting real-time simulated testing since February 12th, starting with $5000 and increasing it to $7500 currently, with a maximum drawdown of 36%. It shows promising potential.

--- 帖子 #2463 ---
Can plz share your Set File

--- 帖子 #2464 ---
XAUUSD，Default parameters

--- 帖子 #2465 ---
What is the TF?

--- 帖子 #2466 ---
Hello, good afternoon, I wanted to ask if you can help me, Dragon v2.7, with the indicator parameters set to current, there will not be the operations where the next operation line indicates, is this the case or is it an error?

To open the operation I must change the timing from M15 to M1, otherwise it will not open.

--- 帖子 #2467 ---
Hello, I am also more a MT5 user. Would you also be so kind to share the .mql5 file for us?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #2468 ---
HI

Can I run it on the grid alone without indicators?

Where are the settings for the control panel. I cannot seem to find the indicators etc.

You only have the first part of the panel

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2469 ---
No problem. When I have time in the next two days, I will complete the conversion of the latest version of the source code and then upload it.

--- 帖子 #2470 ---
anyone could help with conversion to mt5/ctrader?

--- 帖子 #2471 ---
Currently about to finish the next version v2.8, which will come with a new built-in ADR indicator with ADR Levels and a Dynamic Percentage to trade those levels on a daily basis for mean reversion or trend strategies.

amrhamdy: That's a good point! I will try to add a separate TP field for the partial closing trades into the settings, as this is also a common input in other EAs, where you can set how many percentage overlap the last position should make, before closing the first position. I think a simple take profit in pips should be fine. Then you can simply put 1 or 2 pips into the field (for the spread) to close the oldest trades for a break even.

Jmge: If you don't have "Yoga Mode" or "Strict Signals" turned to true, it should normally open the next grid order at those lines.

mring16: Yes, of course. Just turn all indicators to false. That's it.  For the next version I will turn off all indicators and leave the ATR dynamic take profit and grid spacing on, for a more classical but still flexible grid trading by default.

quyennh: Do you mean to reduce the TP each time a new candle is formed, so based on time? I'm not sure if this would help much, but feel free to explain your strategy and we might consider it.

Greetings,

Daniel

--- 帖子 #2472 ---
I used Flexy The Dragon v2.7, set the Fixed Grid Step is 0.1 pips, One Candle Limit is True. In my Picture 1, the signal Sell is on 08:45, it means on the next candle 09:00 open the sell order. But on the Candle 09:00, having 2 sell orders open on 09:00 and 09:01. I already set One Candle Limit is True, it means on 09:00 candle open only one sell order. It open 2 sell orders is the bug right? I set the Fixed Grid Step is 0.1 pips because if having any sell signal higher than the last opened sell order, it will open the new sell order, I don't care about the distance between them.

--- 帖子 #2473 ---
Yes, there seems to be an issue during backtesting with opening and closing orders quickly on signals and re-open them. This also happens using the built-in indicators. Currently searching for the bug in the code. It happens randomly and not on the same orders. Doesn't matter if "One Candle Limit" is true/false. Would be interesting to see, if that happened before with previous versions... I'm working on it.

Edit: I've found out that the original "Partial Closing" function will make the trades sometimes open and close immediately and then reopen again during the backtest on all versions, but only if you use less than 3 orders for Partial Closing. So that's not really an issue if you use 3 or more orders for that.

--- 帖子 #2474 ---
hola querido pues tu trabajo es mas que todo excelente en forma grafica podria costar como dijiste unos 200 o 300 dolares sin embargo esto arruina cuentas en todos los backtest pierde mas de lo que genera pero en en el sp500 us300  uss400 es excelente en el oro es excelente tiene un flotante alto pero a beneficio creo que una cuenta de 5000 mil dolares soportaria muy bien

ahora la pregunta es hay esto para mt5?

en mq5?

la mayoria de los broker latinos trabajan en mt5 mas que todo para operar indices bursatiles alguien puede convertir esta maravilla andante en mq5?

Hello dear, your work is above all excellent in graphic form, it could cost, as you said, about 200 or 300 dollars, however this ruins accounts in all the backtests, it loses more than it generates but in the sp500 us300 uss400 it is excellent in the gold it is Excellent, it has a high float but in terms of profit, I think that an account of 5,000 thousand dollars would support it very well.

Now the question is is this for mt5?

in mq5?

Most Latin brokers work on mt5 mostly to operate stock indices. Can anyone convert this walking wonder into mq5?

--- 帖子 #2475 ---
İ had meant this disorder,there was no foult like that on previous versions

--- 帖子 #2476 ---
I set the Partial Closing is 5 and Grid Outscaling is 8. In my case, it is not close immediately and then reopen again. But the EA open 2 order in One Candle.

--- 帖子 #2477 ---
Hello, good afternoon, I comment on this in case it helps to improve the EA, I have Dragon v2.7 in M1, with the confirmation that there will be the operation in the next candle, but there will be 2 operations in the same candle of M1... I think which is a mistake... Very grateful for the Bot...

Hola, buenas tardes, comento esto por si ayuda a mejorar el EA, tengo Dragon v2.7 en M1, con la confirmación de que habrá la operación en la próxima vela, pero habrá 2 operaciones en la misma vela de M1... Creo que es un error... Muy agradecido por el Bot...

--- 帖子 #2478 ---
Hi alfredhieu,

I would not use Partial Closing together with Grid Outscaling as this might confuse the EA too much. Better choose one of them.

Greetings

--- 帖子 #2479 ---
I just try to turn off both. Set Partial Closing and Grid Outscaling is 0. But the EA still open 2 orders in One Candle.

--- 帖子 #2480 ---
I'm not sure why. How many times does it happen? Try testing by everytick, try another similar indicator, turn off auto lot size, also do a forward test on demo account and see if any double trades are beeing opened. Maybe the test is just too quick or some downloaded history price data is broken.

--- 帖子 #2481 ---
Hi Daniel Chan,

Not only me have that problem. Jmge he is running forward test, and there will be 2 operations in the same candle also. Maybe having the bug in the code, I'm not sure.

--- 帖子 #2482 ---
Thank you so much. I will try it

--- 帖子 #2483 ---
Hello, trying it, I place 2 entries on the same candle!

--- 帖子 #2484 ---
WoW, I mist a lot of content in my on thread, need to find time to check your new version, great work,

Cheeeeeerrrrssss

--- 帖子 #2485 ---
Could you please upload a set file for test ?

--- 帖子 #2486 ---
I am using version v2.7, these are the images of the configuration. (Forexfactory won't let me load the .set file).

Grateful for your responses.

--- 帖子 #2487 ---
the One Trade Per Candle option only handles new grid orders, not for hedging orders, haven't seen a double up on new grid orders in my test ?

--- 帖子 #2488 ---
Hello everyone, how to configure the advisor from signal to signal of the indicator so that it works

--- 帖子 #2489 ---
Using your set.

The same timeperiod as you screendumped earlier from my test

--- 帖子 #2490 ---
1.facing small problems the ea 2.7 when added to chart it immediately place two trades buy & sell at the same please i need help on this

2.the TP when adjusted below 15pips it does not work only the grid stepping is working correctly

--- 帖子 #2491 ---
Another problem with Fleksy The Dragon is time management, that doesn't working. Please, fix it.

--- 帖子 #2492 ---
Haven't tested it, but try change the function Time_To_Trade into:

Inserted Code bool Time_to_Trade()
{
datetime current_time = TimeCurrent();
int      weekday, hour, minute, second;
weekday = DayOfWeek();
hour = TimeHour(current_time);
minute = TimeMinute(current_time);
second = TimeSeconds(current_time);
if(Restricted_Working_Time)
{
if(weekday * 86400 + hour * 3600 + minute * 60 + second >= StartDay * 86400 + StartHour * 3600 + StartMin * 60 + StartSec
&& weekday * 86400 + hour * 3600 + minute * 60 + second <= StopDay * 86400 + StopHour * 3600 + StopMin * 60 + StopSec)
return(true);
else
return(false);
}
else
{
return(true);
}
}

and be aware that the time restriction of course only handles start of new series meaning count of current buy/sells = 0

--- 帖子 #2493 ---
Thank you. I copy/paste your code, but after compile, also have this errors. Sorry, I'm not coder, so have no idea how to fix this.

--- 帖子 #2494 ---
only warnings, you should be able to run it anyway.

Warning fixes have been posted some time ago.

--- 帖子 #2495 ---
I checked, the problem is the same, time management is not working.

--- 帖子 #2496 ---
SEnd screendump of test settings and which pair and time period and I will have a look when I am back again.

--- 帖子 #2497 ---
Seems to work without any problems ?

Just made a test using these params.

No trades before 08:00

And no new series after 16:00

--- 帖子 #2498 ---
Thanks. I will retest later.

--- 帖子 #2499 ---
My orders were not in a test, they were in real time on a Demo account!

Mis ordenes no fueron en una prueba, fueron en tiempo real en una cuenta Demo!

--- 帖子 #2500 ---
please upload your set for testing.

--- 帖子 #2501 ---
ok, fraggli, this is the set just to check that the time management is not working. please, send me your set, probably I do something wrong. thank you

--- 帖子 #2502 ---
Using your set on a version with the corrected time_trade function, looks OK, no trades before 08:00 as configured

--- 帖子 #2503 ---
And for the closing, I changed your sample set to Weekday Stop to MON and enabled BB indi; also works without any problems, didn't open any new series after MON 16:00

--- 帖子 #2504 ---
thanks 4 share

what tf?? Pairs ??

min equity to start ??

--- 帖子 #2505 ---
Please, send me your modified version. Probably I did something wrong. Thanks

--- 帖子 #2506 ---
Was only made for testing the time windows of start and stop, but was running on euraud, m1.

--- 帖子 #2507 ---
I hope DanielChan is going to name the next official release 2.8, so named this bugfix related to the time_to_trade function 2.71.

All changes have been posted earlier.

--- 帖子 #2508 ---
1. When you have no signalling indicators configured, a buy and a sell is automatically made at start.

--- 帖子 #2509 ---
1. Can you add news filter?

2. Can you write the code with "#ifdef ___MQL5___" for dual terminals compiling?

--- 帖子 #2510 ---
ok whats the good pair working with and tf

--- 帖子 #2511 ---
If you use Icarus 2.2 Post#1 it trades independent of the chart timeframe.

But it works great when the market is NOT trending and if the market is choppy,
for example when the Weekly is not trending and is range bound, you will make some money when you can trader both ways.

However, when the market starts to trend, you will have to "cut-losses short" and "let profits run".  This is the difficult thing for most traders to do ... i.e. knowing when to "cut losses" ...

Example GU Weekly range bound for weeks ...

> this is range bound trading strategy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...

--- 帖子 #2512 ---
hi daniel, kindly put MACD into your 2.8 before release , setup two options which allow

a. hybrid of GRID+MACD or

b.solely use MACD to open trades (value<signal=buy,signal <value=sell) put in MACD )

all other features remain unchanged.

thanks

--- 帖子 #2513 ---
Hello good day, here is the image of two new entries on the same M5 sail, I realize it in real centavos, I will inform you so that the information you need to correct it.

Greetings and much appreciated.

Hola buenos días, anexo imagen de dos entradas nuevas en la misma vela de M5, lo realiza en cuenta real de centavos, lo informo por si la informacion sirve para corregirlo.

Saludos y muy agradecido.

Add the preset used!

Anexe el preset utilizado!

--- 帖子 #2514 ---
Just tested using 2.71, your set, just adjusted the start time to 14:08 for repeating the sell orders - unfortunately unable to verify your results

--- 帖子 #2515 ---
Great Roadmap. you may also find some nice ideas in below thread https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...evelop?page=11

--- 帖子 #2516 ---
please I wish anti-anti martingale could  be part of the version 2.8  major updates....

--- 帖子 #2517 ---
Mr. Fraggi am using ver. 2.71 yet it still opens trade before and after the specified time pls I need ur help on this the .set i used is in the zip file Tf= m15 GBP/jpy

--- 帖子 #2518 ---
Dear Gridders,

today I've got something really exciting for you with unique features never seen before in an EA...  Flexy The Dragon v2.8 with a bunch of new capabilities, but to make it short and sweet, here is just a brief list:dynamic ATR lot size - v2.8

calculate the lot size based on current market volatility to reduce risk, using the percentage difference of two daily ATRs with a period X and 200, able to adjust the min. and max. lot size + sensitivity of the current ATR in days strict signals for indicators - v2.8

enable "strict signals" for individual custom indicators to separate and control initial and grid orders display all information - v2.8

optimized displaying indicator and all settings information on chart improved profit reducing - v2.8

now the take profit can be reduced per each new grid order by using a percentage instead of pips (minimum TP of 0.01$) advanced partial closing - v2.8

wait until the combined profit of the oldest + current order reaches an amount of positive/negative X pips before closing both orders fixed grid outscaling - v2.8

grid outscaling keept opening orders after closing it (with the last orders lot size) now it will not open endless orders anymore fixed all warnings - v2.8

and added custom comments for orders Please test each function thoroughly and report any major errors you may encounter.

Edit: Haha, that's what happens when you put things out too early. Then you find another mistake there and another one there... lol. So I'll have to look over it again first and then upload version v2.8.1 as soon as I've tested the new dynamic lot size extensively.

Greetings, Daniel

--- 帖子 #2519 ---
great. do yoiu mind share the code? thanks

--- 帖子 #2520 ---
Back test on GBPCAD(Maybe the craziest long trend pair) H1 on open price only model, it failed at the end!

--- 帖子 #2521 ---
it will not fail when you do not use grid,
maximum order =1
and set your Stop Loss -1R and Take Profit +5R.

GBPAUD 4Hr

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...

--- 帖子 #2522 ---
it doesnt work properly for the strict signal section ,kindly fix this , it repetitively opens buy sell orders ,i just want it to become easier for entries

--- 帖子 #2523 ---
Haha, that's what happens when you put things out too early. Then you find another mistake there and another one there... lol. So I'll have to look over it again first and then upload version v2.8.1 as soon as I've tested the new dynamic lot size extensively.

--- 帖子 #2524 ---
Thanks! Does it mean you trade only long or short?

--- 帖子 #2525 ---
Hmmm,

You can check my trade explorer.

Under rskdev..

i am in top 16.

GREEN DAY 1

GREEN DAY 2

Are you using your EA?

--- 帖子 #2526 ---
It works exactly like it has to. Of course if you turn on exit, then it will exit all the time on opposite signal...

--- 帖子 #2527 ---
it doesnt open buysell signal, as u can see, the buffer of MACD just 0 while the signal= 1, so how to get this thing solved ya?

--- 帖子 #2528 ---
i have tried a couple of times another indicator which generates consistent number of arrows,

and it merely opened orders for few of the signals appeared, 3 out of more than 10(randomly based on the section of my screenshot) although i have allowed sufficient maximum order.

kindly take a look, thanks.

--- 帖子 #2529 ---
how do you fill in your stop loss-1R as well as your +5R?

--- 帖子 #2530 ---
Hello Sir,

Do you have your latest version available?

I would like to give it a test run on my Coinexx or Cedarfx demo accounts.

You results look impressive.

Thank you for sharing.

RMK

--- 帖子 #2531 ---
Please, check the time management in the Flexy The Dragon, because is not working. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2532 ---
Hi Daneilchan can U do Us A favor with source code, I was able to fix the time management in the Ver 2.7 but I like some key features in the 2.8 as well so wanted implement my time management update to see how that one also goes thanks....

--- 帖子 #2533 ---
I renamed it ver 2.72 because it address a Bug

--- 帖子 #2534 ---
thanks men

--- 帖子 #2535 ---
Where can I find Ver.2.8?

--- 帖子 #2536 ---
mr daniel, are you ok? i just point out the downfall as u mention, it doesnt mean anything actually if u cant answer it, just get it solved if you dont mind.

--- 帖子 #2537 ---
mr emmanuel, may i knw how do you fill in your stop loss-1R and your take profit+5R ? can you point out under which part of the EA u fill in your -1 and +5?thanks

--- 帖子 #2538 ---
i need the high possibly few last pieces of puzzle for this EA, how you fill in -1 and 5 ?anyone?

--- 帖子 #2539 ---
hello

can u please make the enter position after exit the level for exemple RSI when define that overB 70 ... he dosnt take the trade when reach the level until

he came out again ... to reduce Maximum the DD.... i make a back and i find its important

--- 帖子 #2540 ---
wich version is this and Set file u Use??

--- 帖子 #2541 ---
hi miloncef, it is v2.7, if you notice the first time i commented my opinion on this EA , you will know what should be added , i told mr daniel to add MACD inds into his EA for making the gridding system a hybrid BEFORE the official release of his v2.8

grid +macd +rsi,  inds conbination is correct

--- 帖子 #2542 ---
Hello, can anyone share the PZDT/RMDT-3 indicator mentioned in the post? Thank you very much in advance.

--- 帖子 #2543 ---
Yes thanks for ur effort.

Can we add it ass external indic ??

Also i make à tests for rsi .  We hope will make à update changing the entry point of the order

--- 帖子 #2544 ---
yes, u have to customize it , then everything will be great

--- 帖子 #2545 ---
Thanks

Please could you share ur set

--- 帖子 #2546 ---
how i can do it ...help

please

--- 帖子 #2547 ---
Im also in need of it pls

thanks

--- 帖子 #2548 ---
hello guys , u all could download and  obtain a copy via online, it is available on page 127 of this topic , mr daniel chan has readied this EA for you guys for quite some time , please make use of it wisely

--- 帖子 #2549 ---
Hello, this version for mt5 works wonderfully. Could you please provide the mq5 to improve it in certain aspects.

--- 帖子 #2550 ---
can i get the more details pf pair you have selected, time frame & set file for review.

--- 帖子 #2551 ---
i asked him hundred times ..... without any result i think some people here dont want to share his knewledge

--- 帖子 #2552 ---
you may go to https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post14786265 to locate emm's upload.

Sharing is a very expensive gift. You wont find it in cheap people

--- 帖子 #2553 ---
Anyone plz Convert this MT4 EA to MT5

and add ANTI-GRID MOD(ANTI-MARTINGALE)

This EA   is a  Masterpies     Holygrill

--- 帖子 #2554 ---
Inserted Code [code][attach]AI RSI BB SCALPER EA EURUSD M1 TP590.png;4694047[/attach][attach]AI RSI BB SCALPER.mq5;4694048[/attach]
[/code]Hello guys, I'm new at coding esp. in mql5 language, I have developed this EA, Which uses a grid trading system Similar to Flexy the Dragon using a combination of RSI and Bollinger bands for the mt5 and its proven to be profitable with a very low DDOWN, back testing on the EURUSD AND USDJPY on M1 and M5 trading a fixed lot size using a grid system. Is there any coder who can Improve the code and make it better.

Im thinking of using the account balance instead of a fixed lot size or to add a martingale function to it.

--- 帖子 #2555 ---
Your RSI Grid 1 year(04-2023----04-2024) Backtesing Result with 100% Model quality.

Your EA Drawdown is Very High.

Martingle Grid always Dangerous wash out your account any time.

i test over lot of Martingle and Anti-Martingale EA last 5 Year

my option

Anti-Grid (Anti-Martingle) is the best.

Martingle just  Wast of time and Gamebiling

--- 帖子 #2556 ---
can you share version 2.8?

--- 帖子 #2557 ---
I Have combine this EA with this Slope Direction Line indicator. It look promising. I need someone that know about coding help help me to added/modify in the hedging part. I would like the hedging system open the lot size multiply from current running lotsize and close all position once the hedging trade is  hit BE for all trade included the hedging position and current running lots. Really need help on this. I have share set included the indicator here

--- 帖子 #2558 ---
I recalled one early version of ikcaus is Anti-Martingale but later someone fixed the bug then it become Martingale one.

To Be honest, it become so hard to digest so many existing versions that are coded without source control and remarks. People ask too many indicator insides now it looks like an commericial one. However, Trading based on any indicator will be failed eventually(e.g. no indicator can tell an breakout is real or fake)

--- 帖子 #2559 ---
Share your EA

--- 帖子 #2560 ---
3.3 by TechaoLiang

--- 帖子 #2561 ---
Here is the above files 3.3 from TeChaoLiang linked in this thread for those interested.

--- 帖子 #2562 ---
Hu

Could any coder gives the ability to ikarus (flexy the dragon) to limit the lot size développement

--- 帖子 #2563 ---
[quote=zhin;14776268]Convertí el código fuente a la versión MQL5 y se lo proporcioné a las personas interesadas para que lo probaran. He estado realizando pruebas simuladas en tiempo real desde el 12 de febrero, comenzando con $5000 y aumentándolo a $7500 actualmente, con una reducción máxima del 36%. Muestra un potencial prometedor. {archivo}[/cita]
zhin Hello dear friend, can you send me a private message? I need to correct the ex5 that you uploaded. It is very good but it needs readjustments. The schedule does not work correctly. Additionally, you could proportion the mq5 to make improvements such as adding schedules per day so there is less risk as well as closing cycles. how to also make partitions in microlots in cent accounts how to operate in a positive floating way I am sure that my collaboration will help many write to me please dear friend

--- 帖子 #2564 ---
Please send me too. Thanks !

--- 帖子 #2565 ---
Hello traders,

I'm working with Flexy EA v2.71 and utilizing its RSI indicator. If I set the RSI level to 50, what are the recommended corresponding upper and lower-level values? Thanks in advance for your guidance.

Regards Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2566 ---
Dear Gridders, sorry I didn't continue to work on version v2.8 as I'm working on Little Dragon EA, which is based on VR Smart Grid Lite and is 100x faster and lighter than Flexy. But anyhow. Here is the final version of Flexy The Dragon v2.8 for anyone interested.bi-directional trading - v2.8

add another signal to custom indicator which allows for bi-directional trading in a neutral zone in sideways market condition dynamic ATR lot size - v2.8

calculate the lot size based on current market volatility to reduce risk, using the percentage difference of two daily ATRs with a period X and 200, able to adjust the min. and max. lot size + sensitivity of the current ATR in days strict signals for indicators - v2.8

enable "strict signals" for individual custom indicators to separate and control initial and grid orders display all information - v2.8

optimized displaying indicator and all settings information on chart improved profit reducing - v2.8

now the take profit can be reduced per each new grid order by using a percentage instead of pips (minimum TP of 0.01$) advanced partial closing - v2.8

wait until the combined profit of the oldest + current order reaches an amount of positive/negative X pips before closing both orders fixed grid outscaling - v2.8

grid outscaling keept opening orders after closing it (with the last orders lot size) now it will not open endless orders anymore fixed all warnings - v2.8

and added custom comments for orders I will continue to work on Little Dragon in the future, so this is the last update on Flexy. Good luck and happy trading.

Greetings, Daniel

--- 帖子 #2567 ---
Would you please share the source code for us. Thanks !

--- 帖子 #2568 ---
I Test VR smart grid ea from last one year. the logic use in vr smart grid is very interesting. i am waing for your vr smart grid flexi version.

--- 帖子 #2569 ---
Hello daniel thank you for the hard work would you please share mq4 file ?

--- 帖子 #2570 ---
Can you share with us the new EA?

Thank so much!

--- 帖子 #2571 ---
I believe he's working on it from his last post, and not yet made it publically available. (I could be wrong though?)

--- 帖子 #2572 ---
Dragon EA exist before ..... perhaps there is a new updates

--- 帖子 #2573 ---
Good to know you are switching to VR Smart Grid.

FYI.

you may also consider grabbing the logic inside "OURO HEDGE SCALPING 3.0 EA"
Inserted Video

Waiting for your updates.

--- 帖子 #2574 ---
this ea takes trade at specified grid distance no matter if candle close or not.

I want to modify it so that it should open new trade after candle close only.

can you please do this for me?

Attached File(s)
https://assets.faireconomy.media/images/attach/mq4.gif Simple average EA.mq4   17 KB | 11 downloads

also need mql5 version

--- 帖子 #2575 ---
[quote=zhin;14776268]Convertí el código fuente a la versión MQL5 y se lo proporcioné a las personas interesadas para que lo probaran. He estado realizando pruebas simuladas en tiempo real desde el 12 de febrero, comenzando con $5000 y aumentándolo a $7500 actualmente, con una reducción máxima del 36%. Muestra un potencial prometedor. {archivo}[/cita]

-----------------------------------------------------

After many of us begged this man and he never even deigned to respond, I found myself with the task of doing it myself. I converted the mt4 version of the latest mq4 to mt5. Please, I want you to check if something is wrong so I can correct your errors after everything is correct I will upload the official mq5 version completely free for everyone.

This conversion only took me 3 hours so I share the latest version to mt5 and soon the mq5, please review and verify possible errors

--- 帖子 #2576 ---
Would you please share the source code for us ? Thanks !

--- 帖子 #2577 ---
Thanks for the conversion. it looks very much the same however I can not get to it work on a single back test. I hope someone else can also confirm this.

--- 帖子 #2578 ---
Hello everybody!

Im here because grid trading is fun. This is maybe the right place to share my grid system idea? is it okey to share it here?

Best regards

Henning

--- 帖子 #2579 ---
Welcome ! Please share and enjoy the grid trading here !

--- 帖子 #2580 ---
Thank you!

Im not a coder but maybe someone is willing to test this out, that would be awesome! My biggest concern is spread on this. Both trades must be executed at same level like the sheet.

The idea is to keep low dd before the trend is turning

--- 帖子 #2581 ---
[quote=Rivamann;14861753]{quote} Thank you! Im not a coder but maybe someone is willing to test this out, that would be awesome! My biggest concern is spread on this. Both trades must be executed at same level like the sheet. The idea is to keep low dd before the trend is turning {file}[/quo

Hello again. I have an robot called Mastermind which trades in both directions and you can decide to multiplie your trades and a profit taker robot that ends all trades if you are in profit. But if someone are willing to code an robot that follow Mastermind and go opposite directions from the 6 th trade (optional) that would be awesome!!

H.

--- 帖子 #2582 ---
Dead Forum

No update

--- 帖子 #2583 ---
Found this version !

--- 帖子 #2584 ---
Please post the mq4 file.

--- 帖子 #2585 ---
Do you tested this version ? I can't test it due to error.

--- 帖子 #2586 ---
What are best pairs & TF, pls.

--- 帖子 #2587 ---
the best pairs are those which are low volatility range bound ... in all timeframes

--- 帖子 #2588 ---
Hi, i think flexy dragon will be great if anyone can add features like below:

1. Trade Entry Offset Pips (Trade will be open with offset buy limit/stop or sell limit/stop)

2. Delay Order (Next order will be open after "XXX" Second/Minute/Hours)

3. Reduced Profit (Profit will be reduced by hours but not more than BEP Line)

4. Money Management (Example: Every $500 will increase lot size by 0.01 Lot) This allow to stress test the EA further. I see the available feature in flexy dragon, but during back test, it just doesn't work, maybe someone can help?

I use blessing EA for 3 years and those features is there and really helpful. I backrest flexy dragon and found it has a great potential and could be great if those features is available in the EA.

--- 帖子 #2589 ---
Hi there, you might look into the free "Community Power EA". It has everything what you will ever need in your life for grid trading...

--- 帖子 #2590 ---
Would you please post the source code for version 2.8 ?

--- 帖子 #2591 ---
hi

Please give more details about the grid multiplier and lot multiplier ...

--- 帖子 #2592 ---
I'd be interested to know what pairs and timeframes you use with the blessing EA please? Or a set file would be even more useful! :-)

--- 帖子 #2593 ---
i think add option to stop trading or change steps by BB indicator "if bb> 2.5 stop trading or change grid step"

--- 帖子 #2594 ---
All range bound pairs like EU below.
Run Blessing3 with FMC as your Control and independent of the chart timeframe.
Use the B3 delay setting 2400 which is 4Hr, B3 will place orders every 4hr using or you manually 'inject' market orders to the basket of trades. Keep the number of positions per basket to manageable size and use risk management of the basket to %risk of your account deposit allocated to each pair.
Trade a basket of currencies according to your account size for example start with one pair for every $500. Then add more pairs as your account balance grow. IF you have larger trading capital, you can trade $10,000 for every pair.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...

--- 帖子 #2595 ---
for Blessing3 EA

go to this thread:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...9#post14894399

...

--- 帖子 #2596 ---
Finally my Dream come true. After 6 year of trading journey.

After Failure sever time.

Finally i made a Successful Hedging Strategy EA

I ask many coder in this Forexfactory to Write an EA based on my Hedging Strategy logic. Many are remain Silent and Many are Denied. They are busy to programing Garbage EA. same like old Martingale logic every time with new Fancy Color indicator.

At the end i hire Freelancer Software Developer to Write my own Critical Hedging logic. Burn $500 Dollar from my pocket.

$500 Dollar is a Big amount for me. Because i am jobless over last 4 year.

I quit my Job end of 2020 for Research and study Forex Market. For Build Hybrid Hedging Strategy.

After Several time Failure. Finaly I Success end of 2023(Last Year )

my Several Version failed and People Critics me in here and other forum.

They say my Hedging Strategy is Garbage. They don't have time to spent for this Garbage

Now i will show you my Hater how My Garbage makeing Profit in Future.

I share my Demo Version EA default Setting. Default Setting maybe not profitable.

EA Has 4 Engine. 2 Normal and 2 Advance mode. With 2 Hedging Logic

--- 帖子 #2597 ---
Thanks for your sharing !

--- 帖子 #2598 ---
After Several time Failure. Finaly I Success end of 2023(Last Year )

You achieved success through your own beliefs and hardwork. That's important.

Enjoy your success.

...

--- 帖子 #2599 ---
Congratulations for your success

--- 帖子 #2600 ---
I have coded Grid system with many rules, and have following results, do you have any idea how the succes rate is ? (5 months data - Backtest) Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There is no martingale or similar system in the the code

--- 帖子 #2601 ---
You need to have a 'safety release valve' ...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...82#post9893382

and

a 'bulletproof exit' with capital protection

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

keeping your Equity close to and above your Balance is the 'secret'

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...43#post9909243

...

...

--- 帖子 #2602 ---
It's my backtest result (GbpUsd - 2 Jan 2023 to 25 May 2024, Chart TF M5) :

--- 帖子 #2603 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #2604 ---
May i have MQ4 file for this version. Thank bro so much

--- 帖子 #2605 ---
Is this version and just use Stochastic, RSI and MA and trend filter :

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post14872234

--- 帖子 #2606 ---
Test report : use other indicator :

--- 帖子 #2607 ---
Which system have these results ?

--- 帖子 #2608 ---
you means by added new indicator beside already in ea ?

--- 帖子 #2609 ---
Indicator already included in the EA. Please refer to the post 2597.

--- 帖子 #2610 ---
Hello Ced!

I can't quote you in your "main" thread  May I please contact you via private messages?

--- 帖子 #2611 ---
Dear Porki, Please share and upload the MT5 version source code. Thanks !

--- 帖子 #2612 ---
PlZ backtest this EA for long period like 2 year 5 year. I HAVE ONLY 1 YEAR DATA 99.99% model quality. EA no expire

EURUSD  M30   Default setting    (you can adjusts setting if needed for better result )

--- 帖子 #2613 ---
Plz post your testing Result. I want to see this EA work for long term or not

--- 帖子 #2614 ---
EU M30 Jan 2021 to May 2024,

VR Smart Grid works great in sideways range bound market condition.

You need to have a "safety release valve" to protect your account when the market breaks into a one direction strong trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

> what is the "safety release valve"
>>>

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post14894853

...

--- 帖子 #2615 ---
Bro what is safety release valve. can you help me to add this code . can i send you this EA mql4

--- 帖子 #2616 ---
My MGH mathematical Hedging EA   Real cent Account Testing start from today (Exness Broker . Google Cloud Server vps)

if I face any spread or slippage loss. bug loss. i improve it and Test it again

if everything is ok I will post investor password and myfxbook link.

4 Engine Run. most critical mathematical strategy discover by me. 6-7 year Research. no indicator. no prediction need.

--- 帖子 #2617 ---
Hello,

Thank you for your efforts. Considering the updates that have been made, is there a reference we can study to understand exactly what each item in the new expert settings does?

--- 帖子 #2618 ---
Hope best wishes

--- 帖子 #2619 ---
Hello,

Does anyone know why this is happening to me?

The expert doesn't open trades for me at lower levels and only keeps the two top trades at the peak.

I have also attached the settings file for you.

--- 帖子 #2620 ---
I noticed this, they look like they do the same thing?

--- 帖子 #2621 ---
I can't get this to work correctly, do you have the mq5 source for some to take a look at? Thanks

--- 帖子 #2622 ---
thank you!

--- 帖子 #2623 ---
Hello dear friend,

Sorry, do you have a file that explains each of the expert advisor's parameters?

--- 帖子 #2624 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...free-no-expiry
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...d-lite-develop
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...on-breakout-v2
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...-pivot-trading
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...a-and-setfiles

After merging codes from above threads into the lastest Ikcaus, I finally made it only to trade on S/R and then take profit on the closest pivot point.

Backtest result is amazing.

--- 帖子 #2625 ---
Hi Sanju!

I tried your EA, and it worked very good! Good work with your robot!  i Tried to put it on demo account, but i got this message "EA expired" Is this something you can fix  or do we buy it from you?

best regards

H.

--- 帖子 #2626 ---
Massage me Telegram @Forexsanju

--- 帖子 #2627 ---
could you please share the EA

--- 帖子 #2628 ---
Hello i have a question. I use the Icarus 2.2 Version for a longer time. But i have a problem with the "Profit Goal". For example when the first trade opens with 0.1, than the "Profit Goal" is 10€. But when later on the EA opens further trades, the "Profit Goal" stays the same everytime at 10€. When i do experience a drawdown with a grid for example of 5 trades, than i want the"Profit Goal" to be automatically adjusted to 5x times of the initial, means 50€. Or let´s say a grid of 10 trades, than it should be 10 times more, means €100. When i do experience a larger drawdown with more trades, than i also want to have a bigger profit in the end when it recovers ! Could someone change it for me please ??? I would be so thankful !!

--- 帖子 #2629 ---
back test video shared
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2630 ---
Another simply rebot only apply iRSI, iATR, iBands also good enough.
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2631 ---
Does anyone have a setup to use in EA?

--- 帖子 #2632 ---
Yes.
Range-bound market type condition.
Follow the yellow brick road.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2633 ---
I'm only here for EURJPY and EURUSD.

--- 帖子 #2634 ---
So long as the market remains range-bound, Icarus 2.2 will work well.

EURUSD has been performing for months. But be careful this month Sep in case it continue bullish but there is FOMC this month and FED will likely cut.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would skip EURJPY and instead chose one of these two - EURAUD, EURNZD .

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...

--- 帖子 #2635 ---
Can you share the ex4 or source code so that we can test this version? I mean the latest Icarus with your SR/pivot mod.

--- 帖子 #2636 ---
Hi

Can you please check the formula below?

for buy/sell stop

//| Expert initialization function                                   |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int OnInit()

{

Print("Enhanced Buy/Sell Stop EA with Support/Resistance initialized successfully.");

return(INIT_SUCCEEDED);

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| Expert tick function                                             |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

void OnTick()

{

// Input Parameters

input bool UseDynamicLot = true;           // Use dynamic risk-based lot sizing

input double FixedLotSize = 0.1;           // Fixed lot size (if UseDynamicLot is false)

input double RiskPercentage = 2.0;         // Percentage of account balance to risk

input int StopDistancePips = 20;           // Fixed stop distance in pips

input int TakeProfitPips = 50;             // Fixed take profit in pips

input int ATR_Period = 14;                 // ATR indicator period

input double ATR_Multiplier = 1.5;         // Multiplier for ATR-based stop loss

input bool UseATR = false;                 // Use ATR-based stop loss and take profit

input bool UseBreakEven = true;            // Move stop-loss to break-even

input int BreakEvenPips = 20;              // Profit in pips to trigger break-even

input bool UseTrailingStop = true;         // Enable trailing stop

input int TrailingStopPips = 15;           // Distance for trailing stop in pips

input int MaxOrders = 2;                   // Maximum number of active orders

input int StartHour = 8;                   // Start hour for trading

input int EndHour = 20;                    // End hour for trading

input int TradingDays = 62;                // Binary bitmask for trading days (e.g., 62 for Mon-Fri)

// Calculate support and resistance

double support, resistance;

CalculateSupportResistance(support, resistance);

// Get current market prices

double askPrice = NormalizeDouble(Ask, Digits);

double bidPrice = NormalizeDouble(Bid, Digits);

// Example logic: only place Buy Stop above resistance and Sell Stop below support

double buyStopPrice = resistance + (10 * Point);  // Add a small buffer above resistance

double sellStopPrice = support - (10 * Point);    // Subtract a small buffer below support

// Ensure time and trading day restrictions

int currentHour = TimeHour(TimeCurrent());

int currentDay = TimeDayOfWeek();

if (currentHour < StartHour || currentHour >= EndHour || !(TradingDays & (1 << currentDay)))

{

Print("Outside trading hours or days. No trades placed.");

return;

}

// Get account balance and risk amount

double accountBalance = AccountBalance();

double riskAmount = accountBalance * RiskPercentage / 100.0;

// Calculate ATR if enabled

double atrValue = 0;

if (UseATR)

atrValue = iATR(Symbol(), PERIOD_M5, ATR_Period, 0) * ATR_Multiplier;

// Calculate stop and take profit distances

double stopDistance = UseATR ? atrValue : StopDistancePips * Point;

double takeProfitDistance = UseATR ? atrValue * 2 : TakeProfitPips * Point;

// Calculate lot size

double lotSize;

if (UseDynamicLot)

{

double tickValue = MarketInfo(Symbol(), MODE_TICKVALUE);

lotSize = NormalizeDouble(riskAmount / (stopDistance / Point * tickValue), 2);

lotSize = MathMax(MarketInfo(Symbol(), MODE_MINLOT), MathMin(lotSize, MarketInfo(Symbol(), MODE_MAXLOT)));

}

else

lotSize = FixedLotSize;

// Ensure no more than MaxOrders are active

int totalOrders = OrdersTotal();

if (totalOrders >= MaxOrders)

return;

// Place Buy Stop order

if (!OrderExists(OP_BUYSTOP, buyStopPrice))

{

int buyTicket = OrderSend(Symbol(), OP_BUYSTOP, lotSize, buyStopPrice, 3,

buyStopPrice - stopDistance, buyStopPrice + takeProfitDistance,

"Buy Stop Order", 0, 0, Blue);

if (buyTicket > 0)

Print("Buy Stop order placed at: ", buyStopPrice, " with lot size: ", lotSize);

else

Print("Error placing Buy Stop: ", GetLastError());

}

// Place Sell Stop order

if (!OrderExists(OP_SELLSTOP, sellStopPrice))

{

int sellTicket = OrderSend(Symbol(), OP_SELLSTOP, lotSize, sellStopPrice, 3,

sellStopPrice + stopDistance, sellStopPrice - takeProfitDistance,

"Sell Stop Order", 0, 0, Red);

if (sellTicket > 0)

Print("Sell Stop order placed at: ", sellStopPrice, " with lot size: ", lotSize);

else

Print("Error placing Sell Stop: ", GetLastError());

}

// Apply trailing stop and break-even logic

for (int i = 0; i < OrdersTotal(); i++)

{

if (OrderSelect(i, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES) && OrderSymbol() == Symbol())

{

if (UseBreakEven && OrderProfit() >= BreakEvenPips * Point)

{

double newSL = OrderOpenPrice();

if (OrderType() == OP_BUY && OrderStopLoss() < newSL)

OrderModify(OrderTicket(), OrderOpenPrice(), newSL, OrderTakeProfit(), 0, Blue);

if (OrderType() == OP_SELL && OrderStopLoss() > newSL)

OrderModify(OrderTicket(), OrderOpenPrice(), newSL, OrderTakeProfit(), 0, Red);

}

if (UseTrailingStop)

{

double trailingSL;

if (OrderType() == OP_BUY)

trailingSL = Bid - TrailingStopPips * Point;

else if (OrderType() == OP_SELL)

trailingSL = Ask + TrailingStopPips * Point;

if ((OrderType() == OP_BUY && trailingSL > OrderStopLoss()) ||

(OrderType() == OP_SELL && trailingSL < OrderStopLoss()))

OrderModify(OrderTicket(), OrderOpenPrice(), trailingSL, OrderTakeProfit(), 0, Yellow);

}

}

}

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| Helper function to check if order exists at a specific price     |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

bool OrderExists(int orderType, double price)

{

for (int i = 0; i < OrdersTotal(); i++)

{

if (OrderSelect(i, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

if (OrderSymbol() == Symbol() && OrderType() == orderType && NormalizeDouble(OrderOpenPrice(), Digits) == NormalizeDouble(price, Digits))

return true;

}

}

return false;

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| Function to calculate support and resistance levels              |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

void CalculateSupportResistance(double &support, double &resistance)

{

double high = -DBL_MAX;   // Initialize high to minimum value

double low = DBL_MAX;     // Initialize low to maximum value

// Loop through the lookback period to find the high and low

for (int i = 0; i < LookbackPeriod; i++)

{

double barHigh = iHigh(Symbol(), Timeframe, i);

double barLow = iLow(Symbol(), Timeframe, i);

if (barHigh > high)

high = barHigh;

if (barLow < low)

low = barLow;

}

// Calculate ATR for adjustment if enabled

double atr = 0;

if (UseATRAdjustment)

atr = iATR(Symbol(), Timeframe, 14, 0) * ATR_Multiplier;

else

atr = 0;

// Set support and resistance levels

resistance = high + atr;   // Adjusted resistance level

support = low - atr;       // Adjusted support level

}

this formul have some error, and i cant resolve it

thank you

--- 帖子 #2637 ---
Hi, after long time I finaly found time to come back to my old playground. Due to a change in tax law I will let fly Icarus again in 2025, will also bring some content on youtube, mainly in German language, but if there is still enought interest I could also do sometimes an english video...

Merry Xmas and a happy new year 2025 with a lot of green pips to all of us,

Cheeeeeeeerrrrrsss!

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2638 ---
Hello! Do you have the latest version of EA Ikarus with a profitable SET? Can you share it?

--- 帖子 #2639 ---
Hi, I am a bit passiv here in the forum, so I do not know, what was the latest version which was published here. The one I use is based on the beginning versions, but has some additional stuff inside I was creating together with a small "task force" outside of this forum.

Let me give an advise: Do not use sets which are not back- and frontetsted by yourself. You will miss the insights you can gain from this routine...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2640 ---
Choose progresprogression and EA should adjust Profitgoal to the last traded order size...

--- 帖子 #2641 ---
New year, new challenge! Will start the EA in less then 24 hours!

Let's make some green pips in 2025, Cheeeeeers!

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2642 ---
I spent serveral hours adding some recovery functions into Ikarus, e.g Partial Closing, Cycle hedging, etc.

Please enjoy and backtest it and share the best setting you even found.

Happy 2025 ahead!!

--- 帖子 #2643 ---
Any chance you share the "Trade Explorer"?

--- 帖子 #2644 ---
Happy New Year!

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2645 ---
I will check but please provide some Infos on the functions!

Cheeeeers!

--- 帖子 #2646 ---
It is activated on my profil here at forexfactory.com!

--- 帖子 #2647 ---
hi mopi

Trade Explorer functionality is limited because there are no closed trades in this brokerage account.

It's hidden .

--- 帖子 #2648 ---
Hi MaPi,

Could you share the version of EA you plan to use in 2025?

I would be very grateful.

Regards

--- 帖子 #2649 ---
Could you share the source code for us ?

--- 帖子 #2650 ---
Hi, think I fixed it now...cheeeeeerrsss

--- 帖子 #2651 ---
Hi,

Due to the fact I found derivates from our EA on the MT4 store for sales (1.999 USD) I will not share my current version here. I hope you understand,

Cheeeers

--- 帖子 #2652 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2653 ---
First of all, thank you very much for your hard work.

Tested for some days in real account

That was not profitable on cent account.

--- 帖子 #2654 ---
Thanks for your testing. Time to give up grid trading and I will focus on “pullback + breakout"

--- 帖子 #2655 ---
is it something combined between martingle and grid system?

honestly; i am searching an ea to use martingle like this one:

trade on pivote and tren catcher and fibo

10 pips 0.01 lot loss

10 pips 0.02 lot loss

10 pips 0.04 lot close all

And etc....

If trend is in low price, buy

If trend in high then : sell

Grid:

Buy

1: 0.01 loss

2: 0.02 loss

3: 0.04 loss

4: 0.08 loss

5: 0.16 loss

6: 0.34 loss

7: 0.68 loss

8: 1.36 loss

Then: open sell

1: 1.36  after 10 pip open:

2: 0.68

And.....

You can try your positions keep in 300 pips no high DD

Is there any EA you know ? Or something like this?

--- 帖子 #2656 ---
Hi, thanks for sharing!

I tested your EA and found it difficult to work with GOLD (i know you trade fx pairs) that is my main asset but I found good value with:

-GU

-AUDCAD

-CHFJPY

-EURNZD

-NZDUSD

-NZDCAD

I will forward test it and maybe try triuvantumes strategies that hedge against each other for extra safety.

Very intersting strategy considering Im a full counter trend trader.

I was also thinking in how to hedge once trends starts so thanks for sharing sauce!

I covered a video with link to this post so they can download your shared version, i have no engagement lol but hope someone can find the video and learn more about your system.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #2657 ---
I love grids.   I let it run to a certain point and move money to a different account.  This way when it blows its ok.  I'll have to try this 2.8 over the weekend.

--- 帖子 #2658 ---
How do you decide when to move?

--- 帖子 #2659 ---
Its individual.  You could do percent gain on equity; you could do double the equity.

If I put 200 bucks in account that's my stop (Depending on the grid since some have an option to stop trading at X Draw down Percent)

So, in this case 200 becomes 400 I move 200 into trading the wallet (not all brokers have this) or move it to a dormant account.  (or to a safer trading account)

The idea is to take profit money and build another account.  Grids blow up, that's just the nature, but they can make an impressive amount of money.

Let's be honest any EA that makes money should have some withdrawals to build more accounts to make more money with dame EA in same broker or another.

If you have a very large account and used conservative settings, you could in theory take out money but there will always be floating DD (with most grids)

In theory let's say 10k account grows to 11k in a few days you remove the 1k every time to build another account.  Or move it to a safer trading account. OR just save it in dormant account until you have another 10k to do it again buttttt.....

Better to have different brokers for each grid because once you start pulling out more than 1k every few days into your bank account to live on they have a tendency to close your accounts.  (not all but many)

There is no hard rule 80808 just take advantage of the power of grid trading.  At the end they will always blow, but currency selection, gap size, multiplier size, etc will determine how safe and how reliable you can double the equity or maybe even pull out 20% equity until it crashes.

I'm still backtesting 2.8 and so far not looking good for me in TW broker.

--- 帖子 #2660 ---
I saw another idea need to find it

--- 帖子 #2661 ---
Good idea too

--- 帖子 #2662 ---
This 2.8 is full of settings.  Any definition of them?

I don't see an equity TP stop.  Or am I just not seeing it

Back test from 1/8 to today on EG blows up BUT that's not unexpected.  Thats why I like grids with a Withdrawl Equity Setting where the EA turns off so you can withdrawl and restart it.

--- 帖子 #2663 ---
Grids are the best way to make money but people like to play wizards with sniper entries and limit their profits with lazy risk management.

What good grids EAs have you tested? I find ikarus intersting due the counter trend logic, but I myself like to counter trend all time by hedging.

What about you?

--- 帖子 #2664 ---
Hi G, im curious what you trade now days?

I find a lot of good fellow traders in this post that understand how powerful and risky grid systems can be!

--- 帖子 #2665 ---
Привіт! Гарного вам дня.

Можете поділитись файлом mg?

--- 帖子 #2666 ---
There are a few good ones on MQL5 free and sale.

Look up no loss ea v2 and no loss ea  both free and run a lot of tests on different brokers to get Chart time and currency selection good.  Then forward test demo before going live. You have to understand the logic.

I use them to grow small accounts then put the money into a bigger account.  Eventually they blow up but if you can print money for a while then why not?  Choose sideways pairs.    Just do a lot of testing in tester and on demo to understand grids.  Most give up

I like one called Grid EA pro RSI MTR it's not expensive and its recovery is amazing.  I use it even in manual trading as well.

--- 帖子 #2667 ---
I can agree with you. When using a grid system the most important thing is risk management.

--- 帖子 #2668 ---
I dun think above simply grid system will works out.

Maybe you can try an martingale grid system with dynamic pip steps + lot multiplier, likely also combines with an anti-martingale system to hedge down the risk of blowing account.

--- 帖子 #2669 ---
thank u for your reply.

Finally I didn't find this idea anywhere with advisors so I am trying to trade manually yet.

Still working with some EAs in small real account.

--- 帖子 #2670 ---
If I get at least 10 likes on this post I will produce an englisch update on my Youtube end if this month...

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2671 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2672 ---
3 likes to go! Cheeers

--- 帖子 #2673 ---
I am running a little bit out of practise in English but many of you have sended me a private mesege so here you go. Please be advised I mainly have commited to German content in 2025, but if I see a lot of likes and subscribers coming in on this video I will give you at least a monthly update about my new challenge. My goal is to grow 100 € on a standard lot account big using our beloved EA  Cheeeeerrssss

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2674 ---
Hey Mapi. Thank you for this interesting video. Your English is excellent  I am pleased to see you sending an update video of what your plans are. I have used an Ikarus version for a few months in live trading with conservative settings and it is working ok. I find that EURUSD is the most reliable pair but will have a look at NZDCAD as well. I would be very happy to receive your updates monthly to see your initaitives.

thank you

--- 帖子 #2675 ---
Thanks for your feedback, Until this year I also was active in EURUSD, but for the small account I think NZDCAD is the better option, even if Trump is causing volatility on the CAD side  As said I will wait how the english video performce at youtube, but I think there are good chances to make at least a monthly update in English...Cheeerrrssss

--- 帖子 #2676 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2677 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2678 ---
I like to trend trade mostly

--- 帖子 #2679 ---
I find you should not leave money in a grid system you want to keep because it will blow up.

But I find they print money.  I'm very unconventional and a $200 SL doesn't bother me.  So, I'll put $200 in a grid and every time it hits $400, I take $200 out.  Basically, to quote gamers I'm farming for other accounts.   You could also say I have several "feeder" accounts where the profits made go into the safer accounts.  I like the gamer one better LOL

Eventually the account blows up.  Certain months price just runs and you can't do much about that.  EG seems to move sideways the most.  It's not for everyone I suppose.

Be advised I now fund $500 dollar grids.

--- 帖子 #2680 ---
----

I mean people thinking $500 usd is enough and wont get smoked in a trillion dollar markets are beyond my understanding but glad it works for you.

Theres this simple trick by using cent accounts... I havent blowed and account since 2021 using grid, multipliers, NO stop loss (is for newbies and people that cant trust their own strategies) and counter trending 100% of the time by using hedge triggers.

I guess is a matter of each trader skill set and market understanding.

If someone asks me, based in my real results, I can safely say you can leave money in grid systems anytime.

Sadly people throw a lot at grid system but they cant make SL work either so I just roll with what my eyes can see.

Not spending much time with others since I now understand the skill gap is what creates conflicts while discussing strategies and execution.

--- 帖子 #2681 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2682 ---
Hyy Thank you for the EA any specific set?

--- 帖子 #2683 ---
Hi, just published my english summary for this month

Also I am again in the leaderboard of our beloved forum  Cheers

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2684 ---
Hyy MaPi what version of Ikraus are you using, as i can see it's 4.72 if i am not wrong is it the updated one if yes could you please pass the file as many of the files in the forum are corrupted

--- 帖子 #2685 ---
It's the 4.72, you can download it here from the thread...

--- 帖子 #2686 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2687 ---
why it does not put any trades?

--- 帖子 #2688 ---
It doesn't work.  It will blow up that's why I stated you take the profits out.

Yes a large cent account would work if lot size is correct.

--- 帖子 #2689 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2690 ---
Well, yeah is not a very good EA hahaha I got bored.

Better sauce out there, so fair enough.

Solid risk management is always to keep money outside market.

--- 帖子 #2691 ---
Didn't understand a word but looks like 4.27 and default settings.  Will have to test it.

--- 帖子 #2692 ---
Not opening on back test either.  Been playing with everything in settings.

--- 帖子 #2693 ---
Hyy mapi could you please share the exact file you are using as many 4.72 version in this thread are modified, so can't really determine which one to use it's your Thread so hopefully excpeting you to take in charge

--- 帖子 #2694 ---
EURUSD burning accounts!  560 pips without correction....

--- 帖子 #2695 ---
What you think, Will it start dropping?

EURUSD - M5
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H1-Chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2696 ---
yes, but when!?

Now we will see how it reacts in 1.0925

--- 帖子 #2697 ---
YUP tore my cent account to shreds.  Damn grids always blow up the account.  Luckly, it made money so I can reinvest the profits.  MY ECN accounts i shut off in time

--- 帖子 #2698 ---
1.10 is next ristance.  I would not hold shorts or even short there now.

--- 帖子 #2699 ---
Stay alert when Donald Trump start his tariff on the European Union and the UK.

...

--- 帖子 #2700 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2701 ---
Inserted Video


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Icarus_2.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3910903?d=1617964256
Icarus_2.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3910904?d=1617964257
Ikarus_2.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3902629?d=1617111603
trade bothways forum.PDF: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3907896?d=1617700775
trade bothways forum_2.PDF: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3907897?d=1617700776
Ikarus_2.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3910501?d=1617925974
Icarus_2.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3910907?d=1617964440
Icarus_2.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3910908?d=1617964441
Center_Of_Gravity.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3911780?d=1618080750
Ikarus_2.2_atr.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3911781?d=1618080773
Ikarus_2.2_atr_BB.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3911816?d=1618086939
Icarus_2.2_COG.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3911823?d=1618088977
Icarus_2.2_COG.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3911824?d=1618089000
Center of Gravity.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3911825?d=1618089036
Center of Gravity.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3911826?d=1618089053
Icarus_2.2_COG_once.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3911872?d=1618100210
Icarus_2.2_COG_once.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3911873?d=1618100210
Ikarus_2.2_atr_BB_MPO.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3912002?d=1618131183
Center_Of_Gravity.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3912077?d=1618144483
Ikarus_2.2_atr_BB_rsi_sto_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3912079?d=1618144503
Ikarus_2.2_atr_BB_rsi_sto_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3912176?d=1618167673
Icarus_2.2_Time.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3913169?d=1618264805
Icarus_2.2_Time.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3913170?d=1618264806
Icarus_2.2_MaPi.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3919115?d=1618889815
Icarus_2.2_MaPi.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3919116?d=1618889840
Icarus_2.2.1_Modified.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3924892?d=1619540823
Icarus_2.2.1_Modified.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3924893?d=1619540840
Icarus_2.2.2_Modified.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3927168?d=1619745377
Icarus_2.2.2_Modified.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3927169?d=1619745378
Brainy Locker 1.39.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3927960?d=1619812533
Icarus_2.2.3_Modified.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3928323?d=1619909717
Icarus_2.2.3_Modified.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3928324?d=1619909718
Robin_1.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3929669?d=1620084266
Robin_1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3929670?d=1620084267
Center of Gravity.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3929453?d=1620062543
Center_Of_Gravity.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3929454?d=1620062561
Icarus_2.2.4_Modified.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3930738?d=1620178620
Icarus_2.2.4_Modified.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3930739?d=1620178622
MaPi Mutlti TF Set.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3931675?d=1620245431
Icarus_M_3.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3933882?d=1620470578
Icarus_M_3.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3933883?d=1620470580
Icarus_M_3.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3934029?d=1620498271
Icarus_M_3.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3934030?d=1620498273
Icarus_M_3.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3934022?d=1620497589
Icarus_M_3.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3934023?d=1620497590
Icarus_M_3.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3934231?d=1620560747
Icarus_M_3.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3934232?d=1620560749
Robin_1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3938671?d=1620959268
Robin_1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3938672?d=1620959268
Robin_1.1 Comments removed.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3939968?d=1621148313
Robin_1.1 Comments removed.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3939969?d=1621148317
CM_Strength_TF_V1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3941759?d=1621338648
Icarus_M_3.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3942001?d=1621352205
Icarus_M_3.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3942002?d=1621352207
Icarus M3.1 - Optimize Result 3 SET FILE.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3942030?d=1621353549
30000 0.2 .set.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3942875?d=1621432125
Icarus_M_3.1A.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3943578?d=1621485865
EURUSD1.csv: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3943666?d=1621497544
icarus no martin set.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3943792?d=1621506861
Icarus_2.2.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3945282?d=1621621706
Icarus_2.2.5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3945283?d=1621621707
Icarus_M_3.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3945284?d=1621621732
Icarus_M_3.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3945285?d=1621621734
Icarus_M.2.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3955953?d=1622763618
Icarus_M.2.5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3955954?d=1622763619
Icarus_M_3.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3955958?d=1622763662
Icarus_M_3.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3955959?d=1622763664
MarketInfo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3957692?d=1623006656
Robin_2.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3957900?d=1623036044
Robin_2.5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3957901?d=1623036046
Equity-Monitor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3959126?d=1623150019
Equity-Monitor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3959127?d=1623150019
Equity Sentry v1.4b.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3959157?d=1623151496
Icarus_M.2.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3960109?d=1623231291
Icarus_M.2.5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3960110?d=1623231293
Robin_2.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3960107?d=1623231233
Robin_2.5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3960108?d=1623231235
4 Level ZZ Semafor alerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3961058?d=1623302049
Average Daily Range - V4.01 (1).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3961076?d=1623303157
Robin_2.6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3963595?d=1623590986
Robin_2.6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3963596?d=1623590987
Robin_2.6_new.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3964586?d=1623691860
Robin_2.6_new.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3964587?d=1623691862
FXSafeProfit-v1.1-5XX-EDU.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3966544?d=1623857064
IndScalpWPR 1.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3966796?d=1623870144
IndScalpWPR 1.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3966797?d=1623870144
! 0000000 FX WPR.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3966798?d=1623870163
Robin_2.7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3967168?d=1623900911
Robin_2.7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3967169?d=1623900913
CCI Cross Grid~.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3967521?d=1623929043
Momentum Grid~.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3967528?d=1623929241
PSAR Grid~.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3967529?d=1623929242
RSI Grid~.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3967530?d=1623929243
Stochastic Grid~.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3967531?d=1623929244
Super Money Grid~.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3967532?d=1623929244
WPR Grid~.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3967533?d=1623929244
Center_Of_Gravity.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3970083?d=1624251641
MarketInfo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3975037?d=1624747261
shIk24.set.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3976090?d=1624893870
PairsPercentChange_mod_snowy_2021-06-08_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3981128?d=1625461197
visual MP count by hanover (iulli).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3981124?d=1625460589
Daylight Dashboard V1.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3981129?d=1625461467
snorm_script_display_account_info.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3981515?d=1625495577
4TF HMA arrows alerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3988058?d=1626191585
Robin_new_2.6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3988769?d=1626254895
Robin_new_2.6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3988770?d=1626254897
Filter.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3990341?d=1626383253
123.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3996444?d=1627034025
Robin_new_2.7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3997285?d=1627163527
Robin_new_2.7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3997286?d=1627163528
Icarus_M_3.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3997495?d=1627239218
Icarus_M_3.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3997496?d=1627239219
Icarus_M_3.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3997813?d=1627285286
Icarus_M_3.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3997814?d=1627285286
Equity-Monitor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3997822?d=1627286624
Equity-Monitor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3997823?d=1627286625
Center of Gravity.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4003136?d=1627877458
TMA+CG mladen NRP.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4018476?d=1629498504
RobinTMA+CG.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4019038?d=1629661399
RobinTMA+CG.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4019039?d=1629661399
DaVinci TrulyVolatility 1.9.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4019608?d=1629716993
Candle_Range_in_pips_edit.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4019611?d=1629717287
RobinTMA+CG.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4019942?d=1629741467
RobinTMA+CG.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4020113?d=1629768264
RobinTMA+CG.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4020114?d=1629768266
smLazyTMA HuskyBands_v2.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4025658?d=1630413895
RobinTMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4025661?d=1630413976
Icarus_4.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4026390?d=1630488641
Icarus_4.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4026391?d=1630488641
ICARUS 2.2 -EU-M5-4.6M-1K-EXCELLENT.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4031354?d=1631083037
icarus 3.3 M ATR RSI.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4034287?d=1631363220
Equity-Monitor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4041535?d=1632233399
Equity-Monitor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4041536?d=1632233400
iHistory v1.8.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4041537?d=1632233401
iHistory v1.8.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4041538?d=1632233401
Icarus Statement.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4044801?d=1632550217
EURGBP-FOR ICARUS GROUP 26092021.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4045002?d=1632623903
DetailedStatement.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4051344?d=1633353120
Icarus_4.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4056322?d=1633894403
Icarus_4.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4056323?d=1633894404
Icarus_4.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4062938?d=1634673889
Icarus_4.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4062939?d=1634673890
Icarus4.3_H4.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4063444?d=1634730147
Icarus_4.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4063935?d=1634761963
Icarus_4.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4063936?d=1634761964
Icarus_4.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4063994?d=1634773062
Icarus_4.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4063995?d=1634773064
Icarus_4.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4065221?d=1634886648
Icarus_4.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4065222?d=1634886649
Icarus_4.31.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4066320?d=1635017091
Icarus_4.31.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4066321?d=1635017092
HedgeFunction_Ikarus.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4071628?d=1635620230
Icarus_4.0.1_beta.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4073525?d=1635865460
Icarus_4.0.1_beta.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4074064?d=1635930814
Icarus_4.0.2_beta.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4074473?d=1635958199
Icarus_4.0.2_beta.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4074474?d=1635958203
Robin 1.1.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4074904?d=1636013047
Icarus_4.0.3_beta.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4075367?d=1636043394
Icarus_4.0.3_beta.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4075368?d=1636043398
Icarus_4.0.3_beta_EuR.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4076718?d=1636233523
BB_ATR.set.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4101219?d=1639340170
MarketInfo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4102096?d=1639424872
Icarus_4.31_ATRGridUpdate.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4102337?d=1639453440
Icarus_4.0.4_beta.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4106772?d=1639990780
Icarus_4.0.4_beta.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4106773?d=1639990791
MQLTA MT4 Currency Strength Matrix.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4108958?d=1640201636
Robin_new_2.7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4110180?d=1640429841
Robin_new_2.7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4110181?d=1640429842
4TF HMA arrows alerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4110273?d=1640486580
4TF HMA arrows alerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4110274?d=1640486581
Icarus_4.31_ATRGridUpdate.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4110396?d=1640552609
SuperTrend.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4110557?d=1640592605
Equity-Monitor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4115071?d=1641288607
iHistory v1.8.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4115072?d=1641288608
iHistory v1.8.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4115073?d=1641288609
i-Profittracker.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4115074?d=1641288609
i-Profittracker.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4115075?d=1641288610
Icarus_4.31_ATRGridUpdate_Mt5.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4116159?d=1641391373
Icarus_4.31_ATRGridUpdate_Mt5.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4116577?d=1641419136
Icarus_4.31_ATRGridUpdate_Mt5.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4117366?d=1641487731
Icarus_4.32.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4126265?d=1642622932
Ikarus_4.5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4127948?d=1642777730
Ikarus_4.5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4128359?d=1642862530
Icarus_4.6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4130169?d=1643104894
Icarus_4.7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4134160?d=1643623906
Ikarus_4.71.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4134474?d=1643645827
Ikarus_4.72.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4135358?d=1643736039
CCFp-Diff_[v2.0-MTF].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4140470?d=1644350137
channel-signal new.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4140471?d=1644350137
CO_NL_END_OF_TREND.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4140472?d=1644350138
Icarus_4.31_ATRGridUpdate.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4140473?d=1644350139
ikarus FRONTPAGE.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4140474?d=1644350139
ikarus weekly LONG.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4140475?d=1644350140
ikarus weekly SHORT.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4140476?d=1644350140
iExposure.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4140484?d=1644350892
ikarus FRONTPAGE.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4143202?d=1644602987
channel-signal new.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4155161?d=1646169472
super money grid.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4159380?d=1646725312
### Basket 2 ### 1701.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4174403?d=1648583541
Ikarus_4.72___flexATR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4185232?d=1649975617
Ikarus_4.72___flexATR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4185231?d=1649975580
Ikarus_4.73___flexATR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4185974?d=1650172267
Desktop.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4185976?d=1650172323
Ikarus_4.72.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4188032?d=1650451032
KLASPROFSignal-bbbtakt.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4196077?d=1651512178
Icarus_4.31_ATRGridUpdate.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4196079?d=1651512261
Ikarus_4.75_ThangNguyen.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4198158?d=1651739349
Ikarus_4.77_EMA trend.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4199331?d=1651857132
Ikarus_4.79_Custom grid.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4202215?d=1652286371
CloseAtProfit.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4204297?d=1652617359
### Basket 2 ### 1701.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4174403?d=1648583541
### Basket 2 ### 1701.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4207442?d=1652961928
Ikarus_4.73___flexATR (2).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4214705?d=1653990016
Ikarus_4.73___flexATR 2022june22.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4228889?d=1655839897
icarus 4.73 m15 r1 fibo.set.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4228891?d=1655840408
Ikarus_4.73 2022july02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4236341?d=1656742267
Generic_A-TLP_v.12.39.23_eng.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4244331?d=1657818775
Ikarus_4.73.ex5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4253526?d=1659015785
Kenny Hubbard Trail v1.9.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4257677?d=1659537263
Ikarus_4.73___flexATR 2022june22.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4295243?d=1664172835
Icarus_2.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3910904?d=1617964257
Close5Profit.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4320818?d=1667063447
mq4_Ikarus_4.73___flexATR 2022june22.ex5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4394713?d=1676146954
FFC_March_2021.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4395842?d=1676338321
Ikarus_4.74___flexATR_May_2023.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4462408?d=1684758309
SMGTP.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4471013?d=1685739022
Ikarus_4.75___flexATR_May_2023.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4479484?d=1686811417
A.I Gold Trader.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4507832?d=1690438009
statement.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4548373?d=1695234164
icarus.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4548375?d=1695234264
Center_of_Gravity_2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4569728?d=1697626234
Ikarus_4.76_Nov_2023.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4585223?d=1699359980
Flexy The Dragon v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4642338?d=1706716541
PTL-240.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4644957?d=1707072537
Flexy The Dragon v2.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4646695?d=1707245169
Ikarus_4.76_Nov_2023.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4647178?d=1707297572
Ikarus_4.76_Nov_2023.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4647179?d=1707297589
Bollinger Backs 2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4647869?d=1707364462
Flexy The Dragon v2.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4656194?d=1708412388
Flexy The Dragon v2.4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4658080?d=1708588941
Flexy The Dragon v2.5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4659144?d=1708677694
Flexy The Dragon v2.6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4659638?d=1708712395
Flexy The Dragon v2.7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4660107?d=1708854988
Flexy The Dragon v2.1.1.ex5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4664461?d=1709261327
Flexy The Dragon v2.7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4669252?d=1709800204
dragon 2_7 TM.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4671071?d=1710011431
Flexy The Dragon v2.71.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4671195?d=1710058649
GBPJPY.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4673455?d=1710330686
time set.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4674946?d=1710472971
MGH EA_v2.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4693865?d=1712893136
AI RSI BB SCALPER.mq5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4694048?d=1712911987
Flexy.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4694861?d=1713008395
Flexy The Dragon v2.8.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4703340?d=1714028894
Simple average EA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4706686?d=1714456207
Flexy_The_Dragon_MT5.ex5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4712873?d=1715188819
forex.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4713671?d=1715272944
Flexy V2.73.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4720176?d=1716112792
MGH Hedging EA v9.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4735081?d=1717847893
VR Smart Grid EA Mod.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4743717?d=1718950361
Ikarus_jw_2025.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4869762?d=1735625730
