===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
I am sad that the way FXPrime went, so lets forget about Canadian Dude and get on with what we had at the fxprime thread. And that is each other.
So all the fxprimers here is where we can take off where we left off, and be successful traders.....
I didn't want it to have FXPrimes name as a thread so I picked FX-50. So this thread is for all of us that were using fxprime, and to new users.

Attention: and welcome all new traders that have come to this thread. I haven't had a lot of time to work on this thread, but John Edwards has spent a lot of time improving this thread. His improvements are posted on page 100 and further.   On that page and next pages you will find all the templates and indicators. Read on how this system works. And many thanks to John for his patience and help he has done for all of us.

The strength of this new system:

In only one chart you can easely see what price is doing and why it is moving! You don't need to skip from one to another timeframe, because everything is in your M1 chart!

I have enclosed a PDF which contains the most important posts about the basics completed with charts and explanations.

Please find the latest template and indicators in the zipfile!

Attention: Priceseries.mqh should be placed in your metatrader\experts\include folder.

This system is still in development, so updates will be posted in the thread and in post#1.

Have a good time and good succes in trading to all of you!

EDIT:

LSs posted his full colour charts and template and we found them very clear to read. That's why the v3.12 template is updated right now.

All credits go to LSs; many thanks for your contributions to this thread!

Because the #Kino_close_above_ribbons indiactor is still in development, it is not in this template.

In the template the TickRibbon and TF30 Ribbon are taking part. If you don't need them, just delete them.

Newcomers: you need to download the complete zipfile first.

Enjoy!

--- 帖子 #2 ---
I am in...

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Good, and welcome glad to see ya here.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
I'll keep riding along with the hope this thread will pick up where v1 left off. I don't post a lot but really enjoyed and learned a lot there.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
I will see if I can get a chat room that we can go to and exchange ideas like the old one. Or if anybody has any ideas for one I am open to that too...

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Great FOREXE glad to see you here. And I do I really hope it takes off I am going to do all I can to help and keep positive.......

--- 帖子 #7 ---
HI FX24 .

thanks for starting the new thread. look forward to expanding my ongoing education

Bunny

--- 帖子 #8 ---
You are welcome forexbunny glad to have you here...

--- 帖子 #9 ---
I'm in.  Not so much for the system...but for the comradarie.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Great glad to see you here CanuctCT  we will get through this bunp in the road and just makie things even better.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Thanks for starting this thread.. Your all right, there have been mostly really wonderful people here and I hope they all come on over..  I really appreciate what your doing.. GREAT JOB continuing the ferver..

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Tomarrow I will post my templates along with  the labtrend, indicator so you all can give it a try. It works great with fxprime. Oh and free lol.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Ya thank youn I kinda felt we were all a family and helped each other out and of course flamenco, cannuck, f4, kino and many others spent alot of time helping other trades so all thumbs up to them......

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Glad to see this continuing.  I believe that if anyone has an idea for improving the system they should offer it to the thread for anyone to feel free to back test and demo.   Non of this "we are working on it and will let you know when we release it crap"  That should be cause for banning from the thread.   Just my opinion.

There have been lots of good contributors here who have been helpful to the newbies just for the sake of helping.   I hope to see that continue.

So off we go..........................    Many pips to all!

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Thanks for the new site.

Never post much but I'll be around.

I like to watch and lurk.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Thx for starting the new thread, I think its good to start fresh, much has been learn t since the start of prime

--- 帖子 #17 ---
nice to see this thread...

please. to improve trading this system... don't add any indicators or change parameters to the system... the only thing to improve it is to define exits better and then add good money management rules.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Glad to see you here airbeat lets make this one better than the other one.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Ya a new start kinda like starting a new job.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Welcome and keep hangin out.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
why the name FX-50 ?

why not FX-34 ?

anyway... doesn't matter

--- 帖子 #22 ---
hey whats up everyone as u remember i was the one who made CD's website and public chat room. I know that vyew looks very appealing but the problem with that is that there is like a 15 user limit. I am in the process of setting up a site just like the old fx prime site with the same style chat. This will be up and running in a very short time and i will keep you guys posted with the information.

Here is the link to the new chat system.
http://my4x.org/

--- 帖子 #23 ---
my template I did ...  use it in 1m timeframe

--- 帖子 #24 ---
lol well i guess that will keep me out. I like my settings lol. nothing wrong with cd's, I'm just very happy with mine.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
well..... I like your settings...

I mean... I have seen many threads that after they have a good system... they try to improve it adding more and more filters and indicators... and it is not needed... I would use your settings as a default for this thread...

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Hi f4mnect,

glad to see u here. i appreciate your way to trade this system using 3 EAs. I wanted to study your method however CD's thread got deleted and I lost all information. can you repost your enhancement again? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #27 ---
I'm impressed. Did not long take somebody, that has the ballz to continue what was started by others. Oops. Did I get philosophical? You have my full support on this one son. Let's start something new and hopefully long lasting.

D.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Well said.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Id advise anyone who doesnt want to be scammed to not give out their email addy and not to visit any chatrooms started by OP's. And remember its not hard to create multiple user-names guys.

Have fun, be safe, and hold on to your money with both hands.

Leon

--- 帖子 #30 ---
No one will EVER tell you to give out your email address or tell you to buy ANYTHING in any of my chat rooms so don't get it twisted. We have a tight policy about that and we will not BREAK it for ANYONE!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #31 ---
I like F4mnet's indicators  and some of the Kino bars.  I think they supplement fxprime.  If there are no improvements allowed I think the thread will die

just my 2 cents

--- 帖子 #32 ---
GREAT JOB, Thanks for starting this thread, very good, congratulations

guilhermealb

--- 帖子 #33 ---
any way someone can put these indicators and the bars here in this thread? ty

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Here's kino's all in one, simpler to watch.

By the way, hope to see kino around here!!

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Ok, this is a *test* i am doing using f4mnecs inital template with kino's all in one, this was the first trade done. The criteria was:

Trend CCI and Entry CCI cross up, Sotchs UP and green bar on Kinos AIO in 1 minute chart.

Also green bar on Kinos AIO on 5 minute chart.

Exit strategy on this case was change from green on Kino's AIO.

It was a strong signal that broke the resistance, so don't take these rules as golden, since i'm just beginnig to test it up, I know some other guys are using the same indis, so i thought we can exchange experiences.

I'm pretty sure the indicators are too many, but as I am just starting to test, i need to cross information just to see if i can find any room for improvement.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
This is a trade I would have taken if I was looking at the chart. I don't use all those indi's. Just the basic Cdud (lol) and F4's approach.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Hi All

But Kino All in one v2 indi is awesome it has RSI8 + CCI34 + CCI170 all together in 1 indi (rsi - cci's can be modified)

i will attach my favorite indis for fx50 v1 tomorrow with the modified guide i already made for the system

F4Mnects setup is really good to CCI21 + CCI89 with his guppys 34/55

Spantos you can take out the other CCI indi just keep the Kino ALL in ONE (you can change the settings for F4mnects if you want your choice  the bollinger stochs is also usefull your choice depending how you feel confortable with it

Gotta go to bed GN all

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Thanks guys, as I said, I just started to test with that setup, so it's demo and all, it's not the setup i use in live trading(I only trade live London/Ny).

I use all these to see if some of them can give an edge to help filter out bad signals... i'll be for sure removing indis in the process, i'm against so many indis

The idea was to help the research for better filtering of entry/exit signals.

But indeed this was an easy trade.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
What happened to CD?  Banned?

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Thank you for starting this new thread.  I am looking forward to the discussion on variations of v1.  I am not a frequent poster, but an avid listener/reader/lurker.  I felt the old thread ceased to useful as soon as the mention of v2 was made.

I do want to say thanks to fxtrading24, f4, flamenco, cannuck, kino and even CD, who started this journey and to all the others that shared their variations and contributed with informative posts.

I personally follow f4's adaptation.  To quote someone from the old thread "It speaks to me" and that and making pips is what matters.

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #41 ---
"I do want to say thanks to fxtrading24, f4, flamenco, cannuck, kino and even CD, who started this journey and to all the others that shared their variations and contributed with informative posts. "

thats what i wanna say..lol

learned alot about scalping from u guys!!thank u very much and keep the good work UP!

--- 帖子 #42 ---
It is sad, because I sell email adresses.... LOL
))))

I'm happy, u open this forum. Really bad, what CD done with this community.

Many pips for everyone (for free, and not $97 LOL)

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Hi everyone, thanks for open this Thread.

fxtrading24 are u spanish??

--- 帖子 #44 ---
I am in on this spike with 2 x1.0 USD/JPY SHORT.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking good but I decide to bail out one lot early for safe measure.

I bail out half then ride the rest down to the pivot as it is just hanging around looking like it could turn naughty so I bail completely and take 67,000 Yen total.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #45 ---
On the first look it seems like its producing less trades but the ones you get seem quite accurate!

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Good to see great guys, f4mnect and others......Hope Kinomen will be back here....We really need a inhouse programmer.

This setup works really well and if one can not make few pips with this, then no filter will help.

It is the strategy (we have already) and trading plan that makes pips not the filters.... my 2$

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Good to see the revival. Lets not forget that it was people like f4, kino, flamenco and others who breathed life into the thread with their hard work.

Hope they will all be here.

Pardy

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Just would like to say a few words people...CD v1 system is indeed powerful but as all other promising system, it is not perfect. SMA, EMA, RSI , CCI bla bla are ALL lagging indicators. So we should not DEPEND on it 100% I have to admit V1 indicators helps me a lot during intraday trading but i use my own system in collabration with v1 to make the most pips out of it. So to newbie traders (and i assume 95% reading this thread are newbies) stick to fibs and trendlines. Yes it is difficult but very rewarding. I am glad to teach you trendlines in my own thread if many peole request it. Don't worry, there won't be any indicators for sale, just teaching you plan basic trading with trendlines. We will start off with the Mouteki method....

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Just to clarify: the original thread hasn't been deleted. It's only in the Recycle bin. That means if there aren't new posts for 30 days, then the thread will be deleted. So, plenty time to go and save the relevant posts.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
I followed CD's thread like a hawk,though I did not post much, however in my opinion, f4's adaptation (cci 89,21) seems better to me in present trading volatile conditions particularly if you trade EJ and GU (the only currencies I trade intraday). I actually use  CCI 8 and 24 on the 5min (suited for EJ and GU) before CD came onboard so I believe  we should concentrate on F4 adaptation.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
So after 4 pages, not much talk about what this actually is?  Sorry  I wasnt here for the prior threads on this. Thanks

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hi Al-q-duh, where is your thread?

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Can we call the trades .....possible entries here?

--- 帖子 #54 ---
I think EU is ranging right now

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Thanks for 'carrying' the ff torch.  I'M more of the quiet learner type, but thought it important to convey appreciation for the opportunities presented by this group... so Thank You-all !!!

--- 帖子 #56 ---
GUYS IM IN ...great to see u all here and hope we really improve that system without the BS filter V2..LOL.  anyway thanks fxtrading24 for starting that thread and GLAAAAD that f4mnect is here he had put a great effort into that system and by the way i love his way in trading , also thanks to Rastaman , emda ,maxzeus,,Spsantos ,also KINON and Flamenco if they join us...GOODLUCK EVERYONE

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Is very nice to see you all here.

Welcome back FXPrimers.

I had very nice Signals lastnight.

I pissed off averything later with another systems signal, but anyway. That life. Tome to restart counting PIPs.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
I too have a problem following the rules. I make some good pips. only to loose them later on non prime trades..

--- 帖子 #59 ---
ok i'm here if i can help a little (for free lol)

kino

--- 帖子 #60 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=114258

--- 帖子 #61 ---
i'm here and will participate on both trades , but please no more PM !!

i'have no time to make eveyone's indicator (with others values, alerts,arrows ...)

i'm not with or against CD i'm just learning tradings methods !!

(want make an EA of version1 so i have no time)

thanks

kino

--- 帖子 #62 ---
ok today i am trying the kino plus f4's indi's I will post results..

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Yeah folks, stop pestering people for custom stuff.

If they stumble on a good indicator or tweak they will post it here, out of the goodness of their hearts and hatred of Brokers. LoL

--- 帖子 #64 ---
You know about not trading on Mondays, right?

I only make short trades on Mondays and only after an unusual high breakout.

I just wait for it to peak then ride it down.

They fall much faster than they rise, like traders!

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Thx a lot.

Just to understand,  Do you know Why that happends?

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Here is my contribution to FX-50....BTW, I like the name and had an M5 system I traded for a while called x50 and I still glance at regularly.

I have the faster CCI combination...21 and 89 along with the stochastic histogram. However, I use M1 and M5 gann to help me see what is happening for entry. And I've removed all the other junk from the chart...candles and gann only as I moving more and more toward trading the price action and candle formation on M5 and M15, with M1 for entry.

H1 and H4 are crutial for me to see if I might catch a runner for a 50+ pip move or more. M1 for entry and move to higher timeframes if the scalp turns into a trend.

I use 1-2-3 and fractals on M5 and M15 and I'm drawing trendlines on those timeframes and looking for breaks.

This trade was +10.

Cheers

CanuckCT

EDIT - opened another buy for +15.

Two trades...+25 total.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Here is the trend line break I'm playing and the recent candle formations on H1. Current bias is up.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Nice to see a crowd in here

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Great post Canuck. That's a good reminder to anyone scalping quickly moving markets. The 1H chart is an important regular check.

Seeing the 'wider picture', the S/R and trends in long-term play can give a lot of suggestions as to where price will go in the upcomming hours.

cheers, steve

--- 帖子 #70 ---
THAAAANKS  CanuckCT GREAT SETUP...I LOVE IT WHEN U ALL GUYS ARE SHARING FOR FREEEEE..LOL....i wish i would help really but im kind of newbie so im watching demo trading and learning..thanks all

--- 帖子 #71 ---
HI ALL!

I want to be part of this new family!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Currently is a little pullback on H4....could shoot higher....watching 50SMA to see what it does against that average on H4 candle close. In the meantime could play m1 scalp up and down....but need to and be ready for when H1 and H4 start to trend. Those are the big moves you want to catch.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #73 ---
The Man has returned!!!!!  Please keep an eye on us Flamenco.  I always look forward to your posts!

Thanks

Mombone

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Welcome and glad you are here,

--- 帖子 #75 ---
English

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Glad to see you here kinonen, hope you stay with us..

--- 帖子 #77 ---
good deal.

I have had 2 winning trades this morning using this system off of a 5m chart only trading part time. Once my 15m chart showed reversal. I trade this nice system a little different than most, but i am a working stiff who can not follow a 1m chart. This system keeps me trading while waiting for my higher time frame trades to signal me in.

I have learned much from F4 & Flamenco! Thanks guys for your nuggets.

Nice job on the new chat room! thanks dv84!

-low

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Thanks CanuctCT, glad you are here and nice setup I agree with the 89 21 settings I thing we can get more trades with it..

--- 帖子 #79 ---
ThinkFX can you pleasepoint me to the stochastic bar indi you have on your chart?  I like that

Thanks

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Up 137 on first 2 trades

using fx-50 set up and adding the kino cci3

I was just using the kino indi waited for it to turn green and jumped in

may some pips and exit possibly could have done better but I'm a pig not a hog

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Hi FX Trades

First of all...I want to say thanks to, FX24, F4mnect, DV84, Flamenco and others...Let´s make this thread alive and FREE.

Now F4mnect could you recapitulate your trade style...I mean indicators setup, entry criteria, TP and Stop...many of us wants to follow your rules.

Thanks

Suba

--- 帖子 #82 ---
newbie trader here.

If you start a thread on trend lines than i would be present. thanks.

-low

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Dryclean  very nice trade.

I had a question.  You're using Canuctct's CCI  settings in Woody's cci. And you're using the originalCCI settings in kino's indicator.  Is that by design to get a better entry?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Me too.   I've used them just a little

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Subscribe

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Good to see you here . Appreciate you giving your  time freely . Could you please explain the difference between your all in one indi and the Kino CCI RSI v2 ? Thanks

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Found where you guys moved to.

Just noticed the number of my post, if there are any radio hams amongst us, they will now what 88 means.

Am not using the strategy too much, seem to get safer entries using COG channels, but love the indicators.

Then a bit later found CanuckCT's setup. Learned something new again.

Thanks all for excellent contributions.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
I trade from the uk via spread betting and using commercial software. Found the original thread very interseting and was trying to get to grips with it when it was pulled. Very pleased this thread has started and would like to say thank you to all the guys providing info, indicators etc.  think its outstanding you're prepared to give your time and efforts to others!!

And now for my daft question.  I'm not overly used to metatrader. i can download all the relevent files from the thread BUT how do i apply them to the charts?

Any help gratefully received!

thanks Russ

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Have you put all the indicators in the indicator folder

If not

Save the indicators to experts/indicators and install all the indicators ending in ex4 and mq4

For the temolate install the tpl 1 min and 5 min in the templates folder of mt 4

To attach to charts, click on charts in the upper tool bar then a dropdown in the dropdown select templates and look for the fxprime template and add it to your chart

If you are still having problems pm me and I will talk you through it.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Also, after you copy the files over to the experts/indicators folder, you have to restart MT4 before they will show up in your list of indicators.  (alternatively, you can click on Tools and then Metaquotes Language Editor and push the "Compile" button, and then you don't have to re-start MT4)

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Thanks guys.

FX24, i'll pm you as soon as my validation is complete.  Although i've been reading the forum as a guest i'd not felt the need to post therefore didn't realise i had to wait b4 i could pm etc.

Once again, many thanks for your offer of help.

Russ

--- 帖子 #92 ---
I am having no luck today with prime.. keep missing the entries,  Im thinking i may use fxprime solely on eur/usd

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Today is a bit tough...London session has good move but last few hours a bit tricky. For me today, using price action and glancing at FX50

EJ +29 - 4 trades

GJ +40 - 1 trade

Use M5 and M15 to view consolidation area...need to be patient for a break and need to take pips quickly.

FXPrime is a moving average crossover system and by it's nature it lags badly. Price is always ahead of moving averages....so by the time the indicators fire, you are too late because the price has reach the top or bottom of the consolidation area. This is why the original entry waits for CCI to establish and gets you into the trade with CCI34 crossing back to joing CCI170....you are trading the pullback and return to the prevailing trend.  Assuming there is a trend.  You can also see that by looking at price and a 34 and 170 moving average on a chart. Have a look...that's all CCI represents...how far price is from a moving average.

This is why you need to look for trendlines, support and resistance and higher time frames to see what is happening because that is where price turns. You can trade the turn and when it doesn't turn you can trade the break.

Sometime FXPrime helps with this...sometimes it doesn't.

For example, if the H1 candle is bearish...hits a trendline and you begin to watch it recover fully to a bullish candle, that's when you can start to identify tradeable moves....use price action or FXPrime to enter...chances are it will at least go a few pips in your favor. Move stop to breakeven after 10 pips, maybe take the 10 pips and move on.

If you blindly follow FXPrime with no other reference point....that's a bit tricky.

I suggest you go to demo mode and take a blank chart with no indicators....or use trade simulator. See if you can buy when price goes up and sell when price goes down. Sounds easy. But you'll be wrong a lot. The point of the exercise is what to do when you are wrong. That's what you need to practice. Some of the FXPrime setups really cloud price movement with the HA candles. Especially when price going sideways....so you have to practice what to do when you are wrong.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Thanks so much for continuing this thread.

Peter

--- 帖子 #95 ---
I also use different fibs to get a fib overlapping not just use #spudfib.. to see price action on higher time frames, great refernce points to find s/r lines.. helps get me into more trades and exits..

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Hanover go to thread tools and you will see the dropdown for printable version, just below the pages on the top of the page

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Here is a shot of where I took the 40 pips on GJ. I've removed the indicators (except for gann) for clarity and to make a point. We should be using price action to confirm what the indicators are telling us...not the other way around. So we need to be looking at what price it doing.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Excellent post and worth reading again.  Price is the most important indicator we have and support and resistance rock.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
FXPrime vs Price Action - USDCAD

With FXPrime you are waiting to catch a mini trend. I've marked a couple of trades...the first long is good for a few and the second sell works out ok.

Using price action....there are lots of lines you could draw as the day progresses and play the breaks above and below various points of support and resistance. You might have played the break of S1 and been wrong....that trade should have been closed quickly and would have been a good time to sell.

If we begin to use price a bit more...you'll be able to tell when FXPrime signal is good or not.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Look at how price moved to R2...paused for a few candles and then broke above.  I added the line that I was looking to break.  Look at the CCI and how it moved above 100, both CCI21 and CCI89. And you resistance became support after the break.   You could have played the break or the bounce on the support line.  Either way...easy 10 to 30 pips here. Consolidating at the top again....what to do?

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Yes price action is sooo important this is where you can make the pips. Nice work here CanuctCT on all your examples

Thanks again for your support

Fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #102 ---
well done all you guys here, it is going to be a best revarce thread for CD and belong to nice ang honest people helping eatch other.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Just want to say  hello and good luck..

i hope i atleast i saved some from getting ripped off..

be aware ..cd and his crew  is still swimming round like scharks..

i know who they are..so ill keep an eye at them.

and want to say special thanks too.:

Pips Queak   Flamenco143    Mombone  revrobwimb   artov  Dazzer  f4mnect,

and a few more..

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Hi lillelise let me know and PM me if you see them on this thread,

Thanks

FXtrading24

--- 帖子 #105 ---
I reprint a post from tkpower8 that never got the attention it deserved....and it's free.

Cheers

CanuckCT

You guys are so on my page I had to make a post.

First off props to CD, this method is so close to mine and although I'm not 100% Canadian I did grow up in Vancouver, so similarities all round.

I have combined my method and CD's and have the template below. I attach a zip with my templates, indicators and scripts for anyone to use if they like.

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1227524330

Never underestimate the power of bull candle eating bear candle (or vice versa) as a confirmation to your trade and great place for your stop loss, this confirmation signal usually comes before the RSI. This pic is from this morning on the e/j, I also took a similar setup on the g/u.

Basically I have made the uselsss areas of RSI grey so we do ont see them and use the 13 period. My cci is 144 and 34 period. The magenta line is a triple stoch as close to the M15 stoch I could get without it being an mtf repainter. I use the 21SMA instead of the HA and the 55SMA to resemble M5 action. I also have news and other extras but they are not needed, just additional things that sometimes help with how long to stay in and/or if we should take a secondary entry.

If you want to stay safe and take less trades, only take the 1st instance of the 34 crossing zero while the 144 is already above. The magenta line should have crossed 50 in your direction and everything else is self-explanatory.

There is 1 template with alerts and 1 without and I usually take the 1st PROPER setup after 08 gmt and then the same again after 14 gmt. I trade e/j and g/u and it makes more then enough for this to be my only form of income.

Good trading to you all.

Oh yeah, my final notes would be about some of the negative crap I read on some of this threads pages.

1. This system works if you follow the rules

2. If you have nothing nice to say or anything to add then why waste your time typing it out.

3. If your bitter because you lost money (which may explain #2) then either work harder on your method or get a normal job and forget about forex, its not for everyone

Once again,

Good trading to you all.

FORGOT TO MENTION.

Anyone using my template please be aware that any indicator with time settings of any kind are for +2gmt so you will need to adjust accordingly. i.e SDX-Pivots and the breakout zones, both adjustable when you check the indi properties

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Wow looks interesting will have to give it a try. Thanks for posting. See all this is what it is all about people like CanuckCT doing all he can to help and better ideas to improve our trading.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
nothing wrong with the system..as good or bad as any other

i would suggest to pull up a 1m 2m and 5m chart like this..

it will help you seeing the trend..and enter/exit in the pullbacks..

take a look..you gotta watch it in real for some hours to see what i mean..

Btw.. there are a small difference between witch broker you use..

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Can someone post temp and indys unzipped.  I can't un zip, computer problems.

Thanks

Mombone

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Hello everyone, I've moved over from the FX Prime thread and am loooking forward to all your insightful posts.

F4mnect's system is the best for me, but like all lagging indis it WILL give out false signals and if MM is not set properly, you WILL blow up your account. I  have found success also with Mouteki's trend line support system. Its a completely different system (not a hybrid) and looks only at support and resistance lines. There is a lot to be said about price action and the indicator between the ears. There is actually a thread here on FF, but I've attached the the rules anyway.

I was wondering if someone smarter than me could combine the 2 systems to filter out these false signals, or if at all the guys on here have an opinion.

BTW I'm not trying to change the thread, I just value your opinion. Also I use the H4, H1 and M5 for this system, not just the 4H as the rules state.

Good luck people.

Dazzer

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Here they are

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Good advice for creating a clearer overall picture. However I'd rrespectfully say larger time frames also need to be checked and trendlines and channels drawn. 1H/5M/1M is my personal preference but generally whatever feels right for you is the right setup for sure.

Cheers lillelise, good work on the other thread, tho i did think you were an agrieved obsessed ex of CD for a while.

steve

--- 帖子 #112 ---
hi guys... i just found this thread... poor me

i'm newbie, rookie and i've been searching the best way to scalp. i use fx24 setting and already got some pips on UJ. i'll bookmark this thread for certain. thanks for sharing this system

--- 帖子 #113 ---
WARNING PEOPLE ESP THOSE WHO ARE USING THIS SYSTEM FOR LIVE A/C!!!....The Big Boys outhere are also hawking at this thread as it is the fastest thread in FF (half a million viewers in 3 mths!). Their own system is also evolving and with all this indicators exposed they could manipulate it and trigger ALL YOUR STOP LOSSES in seconds! Pls do not use indicators for entry an exit. Use them at higher time frame for spoting the direction of market. Always stick to simple rules such as pattern breakouts, trendlines, mouteki and fibs. Btw. i'm not selling anything here. Just helping you guys out not to burn your margin.

P.S. If you go short, the big boys will go long.......think as how they think...

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Thanks for advice...

--- 帖子 #115 ---
I am still messing around trying to get a few indicators off my charts and find the Khaos Assault2 Indicator to be very handy.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

http://www.forexfactory.com/Khaos%20...t2%20Indicator

--- 帖子 #116 ---
"P.S. If you go short, the big boys will go long.......think as how they think..."

Sounds like PARANOIA to me.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Ride on. You hit the nail on the head. I sometimes have to shake my head on what is happening in this economy here.

D.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
I know what you mean. It's a good indicator if there would be a better signal that would state clearly when to enter.

D.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
I've been following this thread(old fx prime now this one) for a few weeks and am overwhelemed by the support that you all are offering. Thanks very much.

I hope to get some feedback on my trades. Here are a few from today.

I realize i have a lot of muck on my screen, but i'm still trying to figure out what indicators will best assist my trading style. I too mostly follow price action/ candle reading and the more traditional technical analysis approaches.

I'm using an MM approach where i'll cover half my lots after getting 10 pips or cover my SL amount. Then i'll wait til a candle closes past 2:1, where i'll start manually adjusting my stop about 20 pips trailing - first to B/E after 2:1, then everytime it closes another 10 pips away i'll move the stop so its about 20 pips away. Hope this makes sense to everyone. I'm looking to lock in about 10 pips if i can, get to cover b/e and then let the rest ride if possible.

This worked pretty well today. I let some winners ride, and kept the losses small.

As i'm still trying to get the hang of this, i'm taking a lot of signals in demo even if they're not perfect. I think its a great way to learn. After i'm done each day i put these pictures together, print them out and write all over them so that i can see what i did right and wrong - then it all goes in my journal.

I've already gone through these, but I was hoping i could get feedback from people, because i'm SURE i overlooked some things.

EY and GU trades below:

--- 帖子 #120 ---
See you your first and 3rd charts were breakout trades and the one's in the middle were not. And there is a lot going on with your charts....3 different CCIs, how do you pull the trigger. Can you explain it in one sentence?

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #121 ---
I'm still mostly using basic technical analysis - channel line b/o, trendlines, triangles, PPs, S/R, etc, plus candle reading to get in on that first move, then using the rules as presented in this thread to get involved in the trend later on.

As i do this i'm looking to see how all those indicators line up - what they're telling me. Are they supporting my decisions or not?

Like i mentioned, i'm still trying to get a feel for what's going to work best for my trading style, as i solidify my rules and trading plan.

BTW- I really enjoy the amount of creativity that's presented in the thread. I think that each person's plan will be different, and will have to agree with their personality.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
This is my first time posting on FF.  I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who contributes to this thread.  It is a shame what happened with v2 but so far today I am +42 -15 +5 +18 with v1.  Lets keep this thread alive and keep making those pips.  See you in the chat room!

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Welcome and thanks for posting, Congrats on the nice trades you got today. Keep it up....

--- 帖子 #124 ---
If that is what you do....then you need to start to strip the indicators off your chart...one by one and see what you have left.  The things you mention are price action related which is good....post some more trades...is good!!

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Freddyfx

What are COG channels?

Please post the indicator.

Barry

--- 帖子 #126 ---
It is just the Center of Gravity indicator.

But, it doesn't work so well on 1 min time frame.

5Min TF
http://img129.imageshack.us/img129/1...gravityvk0.jpg

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Hi All

obviously anybody can open a thread as they please, but maybe its a good idea to consolidate two or more threads that handles the same issue/system asap. One will probably eventually die...

FX Primate (the evolution of fxprime)

&

FX-50 Great Scalping System

M&M

--- 帖子 #128 ---
It seems someone started the FX Primate thread after this one was already open.

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Could someone please direct me to the explanation of the Kino Bars

--- 帖子 #130 ---
hi

i will post the guide tomorrow night of this system with other setups included and kinos bars will be in it to so simple and so handy

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Hey, just seen all that mess on the old thread but found this one  glad to see that there are some people that just want to learn and improve without all the crap.

I noticed a template of mine reposted here and just wanted to let you know that I am around if there are any questions.

I would aslo like to add that I have an M1 with this template open along with an M2 template that contains nothing more than a 21SMA. The 1st entry to any move whatsoever is always entered by me on the M2, the M1 I use for additional entries.

For any one ineterested in checking this out you can use the indi I attach to create your M2 chart, then just add the 21SMA and check out bear candle eating bull candle at or near a just turned and declining 21SMA, entry is 2pips below the bull candle that is being eaten, SL is 2 pips above either the eaten bull candle or the hungry bear candle, whichever is higher. Reverse all of this for a long setup

Attached File(s)   Period_Converter_Opt.mq4

15 KB
|
679 downloads

I will post some images if any one expresses interest in this extra method, it is nearly always my 1st entry into any trade with very small SL and the possibility to add to your position as FX-50 shows you.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I started fx primate as i didn't realise this one was up! the threads been binned already so we're back to just 1 again

regards

Icarus

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Hi tkpower, I am studying your method as I'm writing this. Would you be able to post some additional images detailing your method with the M2 chart?

Also, if you can, please post your M2 template.

How successful has your system been for you?

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Thanks for reposting tkpower8's take on FxPrime CanuckCT! And of course big thanks to tkpower8 for sharing it!!

I remember it being posted on the FxPrime thread but at the time I just couldnt be bothered with just another setup to be honest

We had a nice entry on the EUR/JPY this morning. Unfortunately I missed it!

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Hi, how did you manage to get Heiken Ashi bars and Candlesticks on the same chart ?

--- 帖子 #136 ---
is there any indicator for the rsi break 45/55 with a Sound-Signal ? please guide me to this one

thx

sten

--- 帖子 #137 ---
You could use PALTALK for a chatroom. Theres lots of other FX related rooms there already

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is from this morning, I have recently added the CCI34 Filter bars but do not think it is needed, price action is enough for this method.

It usually gets you in earlier than the M1 and the M1 Fx-50 method can be used to re-enter. SL is always nice and small and precise.

Grab my original pack here - http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...0&d=1228779419

Here are the extras you need

Attached File(s)   atm-m2-alerts.tpl

137 KB
|
1,525 downloads

Attached File(s)   CCIFilter%20vX[1].mq4

6 KB
|
1,384 downloads

--- 帖子 #139 ---
F4 does this mean you already have a copy of CD's V2 filter, and are currently testing it?????

Dallas

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Hey tkpower8,

when you say the candle was eaten do you mean its an inside bar relative to the opposite candle prior??  I really want to understand the chart you posted.  Thanks.

FW

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Anybody can do an ea on mouteki?

it looks gooooooood and easy

just a parenthesis

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Hey CanuckCT,

I emailed you a few minutes ago. Could you check you email. It's kinda like important.

Thanks.

D.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The blue candle is formed and we are near a declining 21SMA, which tells us that the bulls are the winners of that 2 minutes but the general direction is down. This means that it is highly probable that we are just seeing a small retrace on the downward movement and just need to wait for the bears to take control again. (which is what I refer to as bear candle eating bull candle)

And so by 'eating', I mean the next candle was taken over by the bears and ate up all the gains that the bulls had made in the previous candle, and more.

We do not have to wait for the candle to close and form any pattern. We simply pull the trigger after the bulls gains are taken away by the bears + an extra 1-2 pips, your call and its all pretty fast anyway.

In the chart I show the 1st trade was triggered and then the bulls jumped in again, this made our entry candle close blue which may confuse some of you a bit, just be aware that at the time of entry it was a red candle and either way showed us that the bears had more power than the bulls because they were able to drive the price down further than the bulls could push it up in an equal space of time (2mins) . The declining 21SMA tells us that momentum is down so once we see the bears overpower the bulls its a good time to enter.

The next 2 entries on that chart are clearer to see since the entry candles close the correct color

Just keep firing the questions if you need more input, its a funny one to put into words

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Never got the e-mail...just pm me.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #145 ---
M2 chart....now that's worth a look.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Check your hotmail address.

D.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
I have a problem with that account....can't get into it.

Post a PM

--- 帖子 #148 ---
I send you the PM.

D.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Thanks for the advice CanuckCT.

D.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
FYI

I took the FXprime rules and programed( had someone program) them into a cmsfx platform. I applied the original rules with a 20 SL and 40 Profit. I also would exit if I get an opposite signal. I have been testing for over a 6 trading days ( forward testing) on a live demo account and the results are good. Started with a $50k and now I have $54k.The key is to know when turn off the system. So far I turn off auto trading between 12-4 Central US time, and off Sunday evening.

I have always been against auto trading, but I think I might have been wrong. A look at a EA with these rules might be worth while. Kinonen I hope you are reading.

I will keep posting my test results on regular bases.

I am glad you guys kept the forum alive.

Good trading

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Nice short break on USD/JPY.

rode it for 9,500 Yen in 5 mins. The trendfollower 5 min system seems to work well the Fx-50.

Hmmmm Just wondering if the LAG indicator could be used in this system?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #152 ---
especially appreciate the SDX_TzPivots ............ good-one! Reading & Learning Nice thread you all! IMO

--- 帖子 #153 ---
I'm glad you put this part in because I was very confused!!! That helps.

Ok, so question #2.  Does this sort of entry work on a M1 chart also?  I'm thinking of using it to fine tune my entries.  Thanks!

FW

--- 帖子 #154 ---
bigger picture... trend lines for 1min eur/usd looking for a short entry with good r/r 2862 small stop.

**just pointing this out incase anyone is long on the recent 34/170 cci cross on the fx50 system**

--- 帖子 #155 ---
It works well on the M1 also but you need to be strict about it being at or VERY near the 21SMA if you want a higher probablity of success.

The reason I use the M2 for this method is because the win ratio is higher than the M1, if you use it to fine tune your FX-50 entry then you will have a great win ratio too. I have my screen setup like this:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can see on this shot, as I do now, that we just had a nice buy setup on the M2, I actually missed this one because I am doing other things but I see as I am typing this that it has gone far enough for me to have had my SL at break even. Another good trade and the M1 will be my next focus of attention for an FX-50 entry.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Question... What is your definition of big boys? If your refering to the brokers, you may want to call them brokers. Your term big boys sounds too close to the term big traders use, big dogs.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #157 ---
tkpower8,

I've use the period converter before....had an 8 and 12 hour trend system I was looking at once upon a time (and now I trade M1 and M2)...that is funny!  But I cannot get this to work.  Can you provide detailed instructions for the technically challenged like me.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #158 ---
This is from the text in the indicator. It was written by talkforex

Readme:

I. Features:

This is an improved version of period converter for MT4 based on the

MT4's default period converter by metaquotes.

The default period converter script do not support real-time refreshing,

and consume lots of CPU (50%-9x%) making the whole system slow.

Also, the default one is a script which do not save when you exit MT4,

so you have to apply every converter script again after restarting, quite

annoying.

This one fixed all above problems:

1. Real-time updating or custom interval millisecond level updating.

2. Low CPU cost, average 5%-10% or less.

3. Works as an indicator, so can be saved and reloaded during restart.

4. There is no one converter per chart limitation as it is not script

any more, you can only use one window as source to generate as many

new timeframe chart as possible.

5. Auto updating if there is new history block loaded.

II. How to use:

Copy the mq4 file to your MT4 indicators folder (expertsindicators)

to install it as an indicator, NOT script. then in the custom indicator

list, attach period_converter_opt to the chart you want.

It support 4 parameters:

PeriodMultiplier: new period multiplier factor, default is 2

UpdateInterval: update interval in milliseconds,

zero means update real-time. default is zero.

Enabled: You can disable it without remove it with this option.

Other parameters are comments or for debugging, it is safe to ignore them.

Also Make sure you have Allow Dll imports option checked in common tab or

it won't work

After that, File->Open Offline to open the generated offline data. then

the offline data will be updated automatically.

As long as you keep the source chart open and the converter indicator

running, the generated chart including indicators inside will always

be updated. also you can close the generated chart and open again

later from File->Open Offline without problem.

If you want to quit MT4, you can leave those offline chart as other

normal online charts. when you start MT4 next time, those charts will

also be loaded and updated.

III. Notes:

1. Do NOT uncheck the "offline chart" option in offline chart common properties.

or after MT4 restart, it will treat that chart as online chart and request

the data from server, resulting empty chart window.

2. You can attach more than one converter to same window with different

PeriodMultiplier, e.g: you can attach 3 converter with

PeriodMultiplier = 2, 4, 10 to M1 to generate M2, M4, M10 at the same time.

It is even ok to use the M1 chart to generate Hourly chart like H2, which

only cost a few more CPU resource during initial conversion. but usually

most server don't have much data for those short period. resulting the

generated data isn't long enough for long period. so it is suggested

to use Hourly/Daily charts as source when needed.

3. The real-time updating mode updates quotes as fast as possible, but as

this is done via script, and MT will skip calling start() function when

your PC is busy and lots of quotes income. anyway, this seldom happen,

and you can at least get 10 updates each seconds which is much more

than enough.

4. The offline chart don't have a bid line showing in chart, but all data

in the chart including the indicators is still being updated,

so don't worry. you can show the bid line by unclick the "offline chart"

option in chart properties. but which don't helps much and if you forget

to check "offline chart" option before exit. it will cause errors and

become empty on next startup. you have to close the window and open

again from File->Open offline, which don't worth the trouble.

IV. History:

2005.12.24 1.4 faster to detect if data changed by removing float point

operations, added support to output CSV file in real time.

OutputCSVFile = 0 means no CSV.

OutputCSVFile = 1 means CSV + HST

OutputCSVFile = 2 CSV only, no HST .

(useful if you want to generate CSV for builtin periods)

CSV Filename will be the same as HST file except the extension.

added safe checking for PeriodMultiplier.

2005.12.04 1.3 Fixed missing data when there is large amount of data

loaded in several blocks, and support auto updating

when new history is loaded.

2005.11.29 1.2 Additional fix for missing data and server changing.

2005.11.29 1.1 Fixed missing partial data after restart.

Reinitialize after changing server or data corrupted.

2005.11.28 1.0 Initial release

--- 帖子 #159 ---
hi

i'm a little busy with another indy who seems to be the best i've made

but what it's so important RSI8 crossing OR CCI crossing zeroline

because of this depends all !

i'm still working on other indies to make them better

have a look at kinobuycount in the screen below (red =short and green=long)

(here it is on 15minTF)

i hope an indy like ,that for fx50 system !

kino

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Canuck,

Have a read at post No. 1800 on the Bagovinio thread it might help you with the period converter set up

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=7603&page=120

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Kino I love your indicators.  In kinobuycount is it the crossing of RSI8 and the CCI cross of 0 that triggers the red or green in your new indicator?  Or is it working off of new signals?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Thanks,

Just closed 30 pip trade. X marks the spot. Price moved below pivot....below both M1 and M5 gann....good on the X50 indicators and it brok below a little support area. I entered a bit earlier but that would have been the safer trade...wait for the pullback to the pivot. I entered at the break below the pivot.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Hi Kinonen,

I assume you did not take the shorts during the first redbars, because you have Blue HA and Blue candle respectively.

Can you fonfirm this?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
try this one  rember to click  allow dll import

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Looking good kino, thanks again for your work here, BTW sound alert CCI works great.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
yes i know there are 2 false signals just before , perhaps we can erase them i'm working just on that ...

it's an indy with more than 8 indicators conditions , but i' work on it to find the best conditions (cci , EMA, RSi , ADX ,SAR , Macd ....)

oh i will say also that i have only a demo account , and also that i haven't make a trade since almost 10 days lol !!

kino (who works hard)

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Thank you kino for your hard work.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Thanks kino, I appreiciate you helping out here and for your work on the indicators to imorove FX-50.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
no !

if i put the vertical lines here it's because i'm waiting for crossing of SMA50 !!! maroon in the screen below

kino

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Thanks Kino....

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Hi Kinonen

Could you tell me how you plot candlesticks and heiken Ashi bars on the same chart ? I've not seen that done in MT4 before.

thankyou

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Hi Kino,

I really like your buycount indi. Am currently testing it in combination with something I found, and will post a chart once I see results for next few days.

Thanks for all your clever work, much appreciated.

Kind regards

Pardy

--- 帖子 #173 ---
just drag your heiken Ashi bars to your chart and your game..

--- 帖子 #174 ---
thats what i play with

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Hey relix730,

That stealth buy sell indicator looks interesting. How accurate is it?

D.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
stealth buy sell indicator, is it repaint?

can you attach your template and indi, relix?

thx.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
i  just started to test it but i think it flickers diffrent colors befor the signal... so maybe it repaints i would post it but i think its copywrite...

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Hi. thanks for the reply but maybe I didn't phrase my question correctly.

The chart posted looks like it has 2 sets of price bars on one axis. The first is candlesticks and the other one is Heiken Ashi bars.

If I open a basic candlestick chart and then drag the Heiken Ashi indicator onto it then it I end up with the normal single set of price bars with HA bars overlayed on top of them.

What I am querying is how do you display a Heiken Ashi chart, and also display a candlestick price chart, all on the same single chart axis ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Hi Cheart....  you were kind enough to send me the HA Source code yesterday do you have the source code for the SideWinder?  I'll attach it for you to see...

69

--- 帖子 #180 ---
hi  guess you look for this  ..

--- 帖子 #181 ---
I would like to see us get back to the original system which did seem to have some sucess if we stuck strictly to the rules.   I got fewer trades that way but the sucess rate seemed much better when I was disiplined and not trying to be greedy.   It is simple and not loaded down with indicators.

Anyone else finding that to be true also?

--- 帖子 #182 ---
v2 indicator looks just like Kino's all-in-one. You get green bar when all v1 conditions are met for long trade and red bar when the conditions are met for short trade.. It also gives you alert (and places a dot) when the conditions to sell are made...

The indicator would be awesome if it actually worked, but because of the lag you actually miss all the good trades and it looks like you can barely break even..

In fact, it is in no way an improvement over the original V1 that CD posted in his first post.. Just easier to look at for n00bs or people that are stupid and easy to rip off

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Hi Folks ,

plonked on my charts 2 . the mind boggles , maybe this is part of the Da vinchi code.

Maybe there is a programmer who can shed some light on it ??? sure as hell i can't.

Good work on this thread , well done to all.

Now wheres my paintbrush to fill in the green parts .

Happy pips

Bunny

--- 帖子 #184 ---
I also find that the best trading times seem to be during the times 1:00AM EST to 11AM EST  and the best being when London and NY are both open at the same time.   Evening time (Asian and Sidney) are for the most part directionless and much more risky.    That can have an effect on the sucess rate for the scalping system.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Guys I hope FX Trading 24 can actually make good out of this filter. CD spent days with me testing it not knowing what he was doing. All he did was ti keep changing the setting to see what works best!! FX Trading 24 I believe a guy like you can make it work!! PS Here is the EA I paid for that combines the filter into it.

Cheers!!

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Hi all

Would someone be kind enough to post Kino's all in one please??

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #187 ---
here u go

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Thank you GasGas

--- 帖子 #189 ---
hi can someone post or PM me that The Stealth BUY/SELL Indi looks better than that fxprime v2 indi

i still like better kinos indis heres the favorites

Kino ALL IN ONE v2 ( this is awesome its a combo of 2xCCI & RSI )
Kino RSI Color (to combine with Kino 2CCi v5 or w/ DoubleWoodyCCI)
Kino 2CCI v5 (to combine with Kino RSI color)
Kinos BuyCount v3 (great filter but kino is working on v4)

or FxSnipers Sidewinder (also a filter good but lags a bit)

Attached File(s)   #kino_All_inOne_v2.mq4

4 KB
|
1,806 downloads

Attached File(s)   #KinoRSI-Color.ex4

3 KB
|
1,749 downloads

Attached File(s)   kino_2CCI_V5.mq4

6 KB
|
1,834 downloads

Attached File(s)   #kino_buycount_v3.ex4

7 KB
|
1,749 downloads

--- 帖子 #190 ---
ok but ,,, you haven't this version4 of kino_buycount ?

it's not so different of V3

tell me about results of tests

thanks

--- 帖子 #191 ---
forget the stealth indi   not worth anything    its  4 and 6 ema cross

it will give you lots of false signals

--- 帖子 #192 ---
FUK it im not that CD fag.. i have gotten so many indis from all u guys.... test them thay r urs free...

--- 帖子 #193 ---
[quote=maxzeus;2407474]hi can someone post or PM me that Non Free indicator The Stealth BUY SELL Indicator looks better than that fxprime v2 indi

i still like better kinos indis heres the favorites

Kino ALL IN ONE v2 ( this is awesome its a combo of 2xCCI & RSI )
Kino RSI Color (to combine with Kino 2CCi v5)
Kino 2CCI v5 (to combine with Kino RSI color)
Kinos BuyCount v3 (great filter but kino is working on v4)

or FxSnipers Sidewinder (also a filter good but lags a bit)

very confused and happy to read that

ouahh i was at a million kms to think i was so famous in the forex world

lol . i promise to do more next indicator

and so one.............................

the last one (version 15 ?) perhaps will be easyly turned to be a good EA

now it's 23:20 in paris i'm goinng to sleep

tomorrow is another day !

kino

--- 帖子 #194 ---
wasent anything against you..  the  stealth earlybird  cd used in the start and wouldent give out..was the one i talked about

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Hi all this is my first post, (have just been cleared).

I'd like to say a BIG thankyou to Fxtrading24 for starting this thread and to f4mnect, Flamenco, CanuckCT,Kino and all who have contributed to the FX thread.

I have been following FX Prime from day one, but only lurking. So with the start of this thread I have decided to come out of the shadows and participate as best I can, as I am only after two years of studying FX, a newbee.

I am posting some trades that I have taken today for you to look at and comment.

Good Luck to all. M

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Kino yeah your famous you do great work  i said version 4 because i saw in your picture hat you had v4, but v3 is ok to

Relix thanks so much

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Hi, its v3. beforeposting, i'll pm u the results first.

thanks

Pardy

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Client Case Study #4:

"Going To Double Or Triple

My Conversion Rate"

PROBLEM: Dogtrainingrevealed.com by Roger Dagenais is a website that sells a video showing dog owners how to train their dog. But the copy was not converting a high number of visitors into sales.

ACTION: I went through the copy and gave suggestions on what I would do to improve it, while recording my actions and voice on video. Next I sent the video over to Roger and he made changes as per my suggestions.

RESULT: Roger saw a dramatic increase in his response. In fact, at the rate his conversion is increasing, he expects it to double or triple in days.

Here's What Roger Said About My Copy ...

"I just finished watching the critique that was recorded for me (on video). I'm just blown away.

I was making so many mistakes on my copy. It wasn't converting as much as I wanted it to convert. So I hired Jesse, and he just blew me away. His suggestions are going to double or triple my conversion rate.

His secrets and tactics about the layout, and where things should go on the web page just really blew me away. Jesse is an amazing copywriter, and I'm going to keep using him. Thank you Jesse!"

Roger D.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
[quote=kinonen;2407501]
Kino I have the Stealth LCD V10 but it's an exe file.  I can send it to you if it will help.   Let me know.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
The reason I use the M2 for this method is because the win ratio is higher than the M1, if you use it to fine tune your FX-50 entry then you will have a great win ratio too. I have my screen setup like this...

Hello TK.  Thank you for your very interesting approach, which is somewhat similar to what I've been doing.  I'm attaching my chart with more immediate examples in the asian session (which I don't trade).  Could you please verify that these are OK, and that the stops would be very close at the bottom or top of each entry "swing"?

My first chance also to say thank you to all for continuing this thread and providing so richly to it.  I don't post often but am an intense observer.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
I forgot to say above to disregard the CCI for the purpose of the question.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Thanks again to gasgas for re-posting the indy. Can anyone point me in the right direction as to how to use the colours??

I know it was on the FX Prime thread somewhere, but to be honest, the thought of trawling all the way through that lot agan is giving me palpitations.

Apologies in advance for my laziness.

Daz

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Hello all!

I post the trading simulator here for you all,,,

Happy Trading all!!

anybody knows how to decompil files?

/Aktiespan

--- 帖子 #204 ---
just wanted to thank fxtrading24 for starting this new thread and its great to see some of the old faces back on here. hopefully, we can get this thread rocking again! Good work on the indi's kino, keep em coming. one thing I noticed about your buy count indi is that if you took only the trades in which the HA candles were indicating, that might help to filter some trades. So if the HA candles are showing bear, and the buycount is showing bear, that might constitute a trade.

another filter might be going to a higher time frame with that same setup, see which way the buycount is indicating, then take trades in the same direction on the smaller time frame. just some observations. thanks again for all the hard work guys. I will try and contribute myself here and there when I can and when I become more proficient.

Also, sorry to see f4mnect get banned. he was a truly big help to a lot of ppl here. hopefully, one day he can come back and contribute some more as I believe he wasn't part of the con and he was far more beneficial than detrimental.

take care guys and happy trading.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Hi Folks! Extracting the non-trading posts from this thread is becoming a full-time job for the Site Managers and we cannot keep it up. Unless you guys can keep this thread focused on trading, without mentioning whats-his-name and the surrounding controversy, this thread will have to be moved to the Recycle Bin. If you want to discuss the drama, please use the thread that is already in the Recycle Bin, anything goes in there. Please keep this thread entirely focused on trading so you all have a place to discuss the trading aspect of this method.

Cheers and trade well!

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Will do

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Sorry Twee will keep it trading discussions only!!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Sorry Twee, we will keep it to trading.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Here it is again FX PrimeV2 locked version!!

--- 帖子 #210 ---
For those of you who are fans of f4mnect and were following his system I am including his last indicators and template so you can continue using what he started on the other thread.

Please don't ask me questions about it because while I used something similar I am not that familiar with his system to know all the nuances of it, so I can't really help that much.

However I am sure there are quite a few fans of his here that can help answer any questions you may have far better than I can!

Let's keep this thread going about the V1, and not other systems. It's too confusing when you post your charts showing a completely different system that have nothing to do with working the Double CCI and original indicators and the good new ones that were added.  If you want to promote Mouteki or Wicker's 5Min Scalping Guppy Rainbow System then it's only appropriate to do that on their threads, and not here.  Come on people, use a little common sense!  It's not wrong to like other strategies and incorporate them into you trading arsenal, but it IS wrong to confuse newbees and others when you do so here.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Hey Flamenco, I thought you wanted to go on vacation?

What happened?

D.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
I know this was posted on the old thread, but to save me from wading through it does anyone have a pop up and sound alert when the cci's cross 0 or rsi crosses 55,45 or both.  I have some painting to do around the house and keep missing signals.

Thx in advance

--- 帖子 #213 ---
I am! Still somewhere in the middle of Texas. And I'll STILL probably be in the middle of Texas next week. Hope I live long enough to see New Mexico! Laptop, phone card and cell towers. Wife driving! I am a forex addict that's for sure.  I've got two choices.  I can either practice my flamenco guitar here in the car, and have my wife throw me out at the next rest area, or I can sit here quietly typing you guys.

And before someone starts chomping on my butt about my mentioning that other systems such as Mouteki don't belong here, I've traded his strategy on the higher time frames long before you probably even heard about him, and it is a strategy on longer time frames that I've used and admire. But I am a hardcore scalper! I don't do high time frames well at all! LOL

They just don't belong on this thread! That's all! I was saying. It's too confusing for new people trying to learn about V1!

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Here im adding other indis of Kino, i also added a Guide of his indicators t amke it easier for people to understand also the links to DL is included

Kino CCi RSI v2 (same as All in oNE but different view)
Kino ADXAbove_under25 (some might find this usefull)

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Subscribing...I joined FF for the original thread :lol

But I'm interested to see what can be done to fine tune this without CD

I have noticed some of the signals are quite tight in a ranging market. Are you guys following the HA candles more to make sure it's a good signal? How much of a confirmation on the M5?

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Hi tkpower8

I like your method and am giving it a trial. Could you please point me in the right direction where I can find out how the Ant-GUBreakout indicators work? Thanks

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Or this?

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Thanks guys I really appreciate the help.   Fxstman I will try those out.  I also found a kino one.  I will attach it.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Used M2 price action to enter...very interesting for sure....perfect FX-50 setup. Booked 25 pips with no heat on GJ.

What the M2 price action entry does is slow you down....a filter per se, but the filter is based on price action. Now that's the best kind of filter.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #220 ---
nice great.where can i find  indi...stealth lcd v10,  stealth buy sell v10 ,cci filter???

--- 帖子 #221 ---
can you please post only indi   zls down chart thanx

--- 帖子 #222 ---
It's here in the thread.  Have a read.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #223 ---
And just since when have you been the authority around here?

The wickers system is in my chart posted here because I was making a point about the Lag being useful. Now, just how is that confusing for newbies.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
CanuckCT hi,

I've just started looking at the use of M1, M2, amd M5 at the same time to have a better understanding of the system, what i'd like to know is which of the time frames id it better to use as a point of entry?

Thanks Pipsot

--- 帖子 #225 ---
[quote=thvi;2408266]
nice,thanx

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Most of those entries are OK but some seem to be off by a couple of candles. In your case you have white and red so I will use those colors to explain,

First you do not need to worry about the recent swing for stops. When a red candle closes at or very near a rising 21SMA, you buy if the very next candle is white passes it by 2 pips, you do not wait for the candle to close, as soon as it passes you hit the trigger, stop loss is 2 pips below the red candle we just passed unless the current candle that we are buying on has a lower low, in which case SL is 2 pips below that.

I use a script for all my entries with hard 25pip stop loss and 50pip take profit, this gets me into the trade safe and no internet or connection faliure can screw me too bad. Once in the position I alter both SL and TP accordingly. With the M2 method SL is nearly always between 8-25pips

Like I said before, M2 gets me my first entry on most moves and on many occassions backup the M1 X50 for 2nd and 3rd entries if they happen. Sometimes they do no happen and 2nd and 3rd entries are signalled only by the M1 which is fine too, it just usually means a bigger SL because with the M1 my SL is the latest swing like you mentioned.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Those breakout indicators work however you set them up. After plenty of trial and error I have determined that the 4 breakout zones on my chart are of the highest probability for success.

The 2 with stars are by far the best, the other 2 are secondary

ALL +2 GMT

00-02 - Asian session kicks off

*08-10 - London opens

*14-16 - London back from lunch an US opens

19-21 - US back from lunch

The way the indicator works for me is to create a grey zone with those times, then it makes me 2 purple lines that extend for the rest of the day after the grey zone ends. Its a simple breakout method I have been using for some time now. You can zoom out on your chart and see how effective they can be. Used in conjuction with the M1 and M2 methods we have discussed here, its the perfect package. At least for me, everyone will see things their own way though.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
TK...can you comment a bit more on M2 setups.   What I'm seesing is that they can almost be traded alone.  But when you do get one the M1 very often looks great.

Thanks

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #229 ---
just closed this trade...+46. Suffered thru the pullback....CCI in good downtrend so wasn't really very worried about it.

Also winners on EJ and AU. Total of +128...seven trades. I gotta get some sleep now. F4mnect's new setup is easy to read with these HA candles and stoch. Works great with a M2 floating on top. I like that M2 price action.

Come back soon bud!

I don't trade London much...well this is the second time and the first I woke up early and it was a disaster. Stayed up tonight. But now I know why you guys trade London...everything moves much faster.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Rather than try and comment I'll just post examples, please do ask questions though. I'm not the best at explaining becasue I never know what others see and what they do not. I think its pretty simple though, SL is always small and precise, entries are also precise, 80% success rate on average but the losses are always so small it hardly matters

Here are my 2 trades for this morning. Grabbed 50pips total and I'm happy with that for this session

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The way I filter out even further which ones to take is based on lookin for double tops, double bottoms, higher highs and higher lows, lower lows and lower highs, basic price action. There are no indicators that can ever beat what is visibly happening and none that will get you in to trades so early with confidence. At least thats my opinion

--- 帖子 #231 ---
look at this screen , few minutes ago on EURUSD UT1m

looking at the 3 indicators

trade only when SMA50 is crossed (tarde with the trend)

but you can see 2 shorts ans a long ....and a short just on the right beginning

i try to make a ALL of ALL of AllINONe lol

kino

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Nice work. I see it works very well for EJ. I am most impressed with these simple price action setups.

Cheers

CanuckCT

PS...also attaching your template....one trade for GJ....80 pip move....all other noise filtered. It did not fire on the short that I took. It works great.  I took a few pips on this move but was watching something else.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
TK looks beautiful......please post some of your trades, like this, We want to learn a lot from you

--- 帖子 #234 ---
For your setup to be valid, must it be on the next candle or can it be over so 2 or 3 candles.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #235 ---
sorry we don't see the left of my screen

her another image

kino

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Nicely done CanuckCT

Keep your eye on that triple stoch (magenta). You always see some great moves whenever it crosses or bouces off 50

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Hi Kono,

Your indicators are great making it easy for beginners to really understand when to take a trade and when not to.

Can you post the template of your new setup? Am really loving the buycount indicator. Thanks for your good work...

--- 帖子 #238 ---
I've been using your template this week.  I only trade a couple hours in the morning and a couple in the evening.  So far I've had 10 out of 10 winners.

I hope to hear more about your entries, but when to take profit is the hardest part.  Do you always, use a fixed take profit?

Thanks,

Dan

--- 帖子 #239 ---
if someone can send rsi help alert indicator , thanks

kino

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Well played Dan, I didn't want to say anything about win ratio because it may start some people off saying its BS but I too am 100% with picking winning entries for nearly 2 months now, except for 2 stupid trades which I only lost 17pips on . Like you though I only trade a couple of hours morn and eve.

I have found that the secret to these kind of results is taking the 1st 2 REAL setups after 8gmt and then the same again at 14gmt. This is basically in conjuction with the breakout zones on my template. I trade e/j and g/u and by real setups I mean as I described in my 1st ever post here when I also provided the template.

About taking profit, I apply a trailing 15 stop loss immediately, then when I see the SL get to break even I change it to a trailing 25. Then I watch as i arrives at any pivots and see how it reacts, if we are selling for example and we arrive at a pivot and then get a bull candle eating up a bear candle I will take my profit. I do not get greedy and 50-100pips/hr is not usually a problem. When trading full 1.0 lots that makes you pretty damn happy as you eat breakfast.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
I took some screenshots of some trades to teach some friends of mine how to trade. All of these shots are taken right after I exited so you can also see my exits.

Some of them I exited due to pivots, some due to bears overpowering bulls or the other way around, and some I just exited because my daily target was hit and I didn't want to sit there any longer.

Attached File(s)   M1-entries.zip

639 KB
|
1,778 downloads

Screenshot sizes vary due to some being on my laptop and some on my desktop. Thats the beauty about this job, you travel, stay in hotels with internet in the room and make money as you go.

* I'll start putting together M2 screenshots next

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Just made number 11 for 25 pips.  Had to close it, cause I'm off to work.  I too have been using the 15 pip trail stop.  What concerns me most about it is that it kicks in only after your 15 pips up.  Other than that, when I'm personally monitoring my trades, exits are totally discretionary.  I hope to get a bit more mechanical on my exits.

Thanks again for the great work!

Dan

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Hi, I have been able to load all indicators up till now. It seems I cant get the indicators fro jshear post 186 or maxzeus post 190 to load. Can any one assist me . Thanks

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi

That is meant to say (unable) to load

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Use the scripts in my zip file to enter, it puts you in with a 25pip SL and 50pip TP, adjust them after you are in, SL goes to the most recent swing high or low, and TP can be removed if you like and you can just use the trail and what you see

* this is for the M1 of course, SL on an M2 entry is much tighter

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Rastaman, I never claimed to have any authority on this or any other thread.  My sole motivation in posting was to help traders and posters avoid the same costly mistakes I and many others like me have made in the past in finding out what works and what doesn't.

I have seen countless threads go haywire exactly for the same reasons of my admonishment.  If you or anyone else choses to ignore that advise that is certainly your preraugative!

I make my living trading the forex,  something which didn't occur until I started paying attention to and copy what experienced, successful traders were doing.  In all sincerity I wish you well in your search here for something that will work for you in eventually trading a live account.

Apparently, since what I felt was important to share just riles you then by all means ignore me and continue your present endevours.  My time will be spent better elsewhere.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
There are so many templates, it is hard for one to decide which to use. At the end this can make newbie loosing his money.

It is hard to test them all, everyone of them seems like a new system with new parametrs.

Just my 2 cents...

--- 帖子 #248 ---
.1 - If you don't feel confortable with a setup, don't force yourselves to use it, understand the basics.

.2 - ALthough we see different templates here, in fact they have a lot in common, using CCIs and RSI's for example...

Since the intention is to keep improving, I'm glad to have all of these available to test with, so if you're a "newbie", don't take a step longer than your leg, learn the basics about forex, than about analysing charts.

We can't progress our "investigation" if we don't try other options within the premises set by the initial fxprime. If we try to "keep it simple" so that we'd make it easy for "newbies", we'd be certainly cutting ourselves room for improvement.

My 0.02€

--- 帖子 #249 ---
hi I put that thing'o into a chart because I had made a purchase but could not get my account number accepted  and thought That may be the way to go but as it is locked I get an alert... cannot use it on that program ...

( well its locked aint it ) duh!  so I  deleted every thing but am unable to get rid of the alert as  it keeps popping up on the desktop ...sheees   ...so just warning other..

ok now for the new thread  I must admit that I am totaly lost as to which new /best template to down load as I think there is over load of info so could some one please suggest witch template is the most suitable for this old fisherman to download  .

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Eventually trading a live account?

I have been trading a live account using either this system, or the wicker system but mainly a combination of the two.

Not 100% convinced that either is for me yet, with all the ranging that has been going on but between the two their is some consistency especially on short trades.

That is why I am using them both side by side.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Thank you for your kind words, well since trading live for 4 years now, I hardlly consider myself a newbie, lol, but I might be one as well.

The lines I wrote were just to let people know, there are a lot of new people reading this stuff, and with so many indicators and templates it is hard for one to know what to use.

I use f4cmnet setup, I find it great. Makes me 50 easy pips a day, everyday.

Good luck to you all!

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Hi Kino,

Was it a valid SELL signal for your template? Or was the valid signal lighted when the SMA50 was just crossed?

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Yes, you can use WA Explosion to confirm entry or show you the exit point:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Don't be a sheep would be my advice, discover and make your own rules based on your personality and risk appetite.

Pick a method you like, read everyones take on it, create your own rules that work for you, demo it for a bit and make sure it works for you. No need to jump in and lose money if you are not final with your method. By this I mean solid rules for TP, SL, Entries, Exits... the full package.

Like I think I said in a previous post, there are plenty of methods that will work out great for some and not for others, its not the method thats at fault but the executioner of the method due to confused and flimsy rules.

Consistancy in any of the 100's of methods out there wll all produce results, some more, some less, its your money, your choice.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
I used the f4cmnet setup this morning with good success.  While it requires patience I don't see how you can avoid picking up 50 pips within a few trades.   Here are the entry rules as I use them.  I'm going to add the 50 sma to see if that helps with any bad signals.   I was on the 1M chart

For exit I just picked a number of pips I was happy with.   I don't know what f4's exit rules are.  I hope he's back soon to continue sharing his contributions.

Cheers!

Sandy

Long

1.  89/21 cci over 0

2.  stochastic cross with green line above 50

3   heiken ashi turns white

4.  !!MA turns green

4.  QQE line above 50 (my addition)

Short

1.  89/21 cci under 0

2.  stochastic cross with green line under 50

3   heiken ashi turns red

4.  !!MA turns red

4.  QQE line below50 (my addition)

--- 帖子 #256 ---
??? YES it is written in my post

don't you see =

....and a short just on the right beginning...

here another screen where it seems that 89 & 21 settings are good

kino

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Kino i was using version 3 of buycount and it looked pretty accurate in terms of price movement.   Are you going to release version 4 soon or are you still testing?

Thanks!

Sandy

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Hi, Kino...

I've just searched thru all the attachments and cannot find your cci_rsi_v4 indi as shown in your last post... could only find v2.  Could you please post v4 (or point me to where it is), it looks great

thanks,

Deanna

--- 帖子 #259 ---
can you share your indi on the top right (with clocks)

thanks

kino

--- 帖子 #260 ---
i do my best , v4 is on progress but v3 whith these parameters =

sell= -3   &

buy= +7  is good too

bye ++

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Hi Kinonen

Can you post your indicators and templates in one zip file ? thanks

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Hi Kino....

Why is that after using your buycount v3.... my mt4 demo account was getting slower and slower and sometimes stuck in between.... When I check the "log" ... the file was getting bigger and bigger..... it slowed down my PC as well.

To test it again... I deleted the log file.... removed the indicator v3... and it's back to normal again..... but whenever I use the indicator, the log file will become bigger and bigger... instantly.... and slow down mt4 and my pc as well.

Why is that so ???

Appreciate your assistance.. TQ.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Yes, you are right. This problem was raised before.

Do not scalp when you use Kino's indiacator. I had to restart my computer before getting out of my trade.....

Thinking of using two computers, one for trade and another for indis

Kino, do something...

By the way what is the spec of your computer?

Anto

--- 帖子 #264 ---
all i have his this message :

Sorry, you have requested an invalid Attachment. If you believe you have reached this message in error, please contact us.

kino

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Staight forward setup...+40 closed

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Guys  in the filter play with EMA period and angle threshold if you put them at 28 and .1 you will see a big difference.  Also disable check RSI as this was something that CD was doing.Its all about the settings that makes a big difference how the filter bar paints. Let me know how your results are and if anyone can figure out better settings.By the way if you put the FX Prime on a 15min chart it works better this is something we tested!!Here is the chart proving that and template wtih pre sets for you all to test!!

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Here is the filter again to test please let me know your results!!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Yep, it's a news indicator that's helpful to know the market times and News without opening an explorer window...

here you are sir,

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Thanks tk for explaining your system . You have fine tuned the entry and that is gold , pure and simple . It appeals to me greatly as I have used long term s/r levels , pivots and simple candle charts for the past year . It seems that I am always taking things off my chart after trying them and getting back to price . Can you tell me which converter you use ? More than one is posted . Setting up some charts today . Have you tried using 5min tf as an entry for say 1 hr chart ?   Enjoy all your posts .  btw- I am half Canadian,lived in Vancouver for yrs .

--- 帖子 #270 ---
jshear, I'm already playing with various settings in an attempt to try and add something of value to this thread.

By the way, what do the grey dots represent? Can't work it out from the inputs.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
I believe grey dots represent CCI crossing and or RSI crossings!!!

--- 帖子 #272 ---
nothing special ; laptop FUJITSU 1.5GHz !

sorry

but nothing happens here

kino

--- 帖子 #273 ---
I appreciate your indicators ....... & wish I could also use buycount indy ... but it slows everything to a crawl. I put it up and it soon happens. I remove it and my Platform speeds up again like normal.

I wonder if others have had the same problem with

#kino_buycount_v3.ex4

I am hoping a new version will solve the problem as I really like what it does!

Thanks

ut2

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Greetings,

Remove some of your excess indicators(ones your not using) from the folder.  It happens to me when I have to many.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #275 ---
From what I saw so far its CCi 34 crossing 0 line up or down

--- 帖子 #276 ---
I check it out and it really does not change much. In some part (really just a few) it gives an earlier entry but it is not significant enough. You really have to know what you are doing in order and you get a good entry even befroe the indicator pops up. What I noticed is that you can change the 34 and 170 to 21 and 89. this changes the optic a little.

D.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
I took the converter from here - http://codebase.mql4.com/277

my M2 method today on the e/j if you follow the rules properly had ZERO losses, it was not as good on the g/u but the gbp tends to be choppy.

Glad you are enjoying it, be patient and take the correct entries and you will be very happy, combined with my take on the fxprime M1, it would be hard for anyone to lose.

I don't bother with anything other than my M1 and M2, nothing else is needed and they fit on my screen together so I do not need to flip through charts, I just use my hotkeys to buy and sell, simple as that. The reason I stick with the M1 and M2 is because you will nearly always get at least 1 trade per pair per hour. If you use big enough positions then 1 trade per day even is plenty.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
I think the more indicator you put on your template the slower it gets.

D.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Testing.... and testing....

Looks ok to me....

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Is there some way that you have an explanation for the template that your have. It looks nice and all but I have trouble figuring out what is what.

Thanks

D.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Thanks -sounds good and makes sense .

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Tested... using M5 and M30....

Works fine !!! Still testing.... so far so good !

RSI = 13

Stoc = 14,3,3

CCI = 55

--- 帖子 #283 ---
I noticed my laptop running more slowly too.  I checked and had log files for several days  that added up to 6 gig.   Now I have a number of indicators that I'm testing so I can't pinpoint which one is filling up logs like that.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Ha Ha.....Here it is .....Intel core duo, P8400, 2.26 GHz 3.00 GB....

Do not know why

--- 帖子 #285 ---
sounds like you use  windows vista  ??

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Yes, Was that a culprit....

--- 帖子 #287 ---
same shit happend to me....you gotta tweak vista...then i runs fine ill bet.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
It seems I have missed somewhere in that Cd mess, the rules about f4mnect last setup (with ZeroLagStock).

So for long, green and red line in stock need to cross above 50, and visa versa for short. Is that correct !??

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Please let me know what should i do (once you find it out)

--- 帖子 #290 ---
go to controlpanel..open information and tools for performance..

click on  user defined,,only check  show exsamples an filter in maps  .

then click advanced  an  change sidefile to 8000-10000  userdefined.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
i will change in a couple of weeks my PC

here is kino_buycountv4 where you can choose the numbers of Bars

i'm still working on it ; to change some conditions to avois whipshasw

kino

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Where are those logs located?

D.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
I would say so yes.

I attach the zip file again, since I was asked to.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Hey, could you tell me what settings you are using for your ZLS indicator?

thanks!

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Kino I think i found the problem. Does #kino_buycount_v3 use an indicator called DPO.exe? Because there's an error that puts an entry in the log each second or so: Cannot open file "Crogram FilesFXDD - Metatrader \4experts\indicators\DPO.ex4" on the EURJPY,M1

For every chart that you put buycount v3 on you get an entry like this. So it fills up logs very quickly.

If you delete buycount v3 the log utilization returns to normal

regards,

sandy

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Look in the Experts folder of your Metatrader folder.   In the Experts folder you'll see a Logs subdirectory.   Delete those files and it will probably help your performance.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Nothing changed...just use default settings from zip file.

Look on the chart, lines crossed above 50, so ZLS filtered a bad short trade nicely.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
I ve loaded DPO but that time it gives2008.12.10 21:48:24    #kino_buycount_v3 EURUSD,M15: 5 et -1
message and counting in logs.

i attached DPO indicators.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Kino buycount version 4 works great and doesn't fill the log file

--- 帖子 #300 ---
I think my copy is probably different from yours...I do not have the 50 line.

Perhaps if I ask you real nice, could you post yours when it is convenient for you?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #301 ---
debitel just did HERE.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
This is the best i could get today fooling around with the settings for 2 hrs...

Enjoy!

69

--- 帖子 #303 ---
I must have missed something?!!

Where did you guys get this indicator from? Arent you meant to pay for this?? I just came on and everyone is throwing it round here for free haha..

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Hi man!

You really confused me. You say setiing are EMA 28 and angle 0.1 and in this indi you put EMA 34 and angle 0.3, can someone make some sense into this filter and tell the right setiings plz?

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Dude, "Pip Whore" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.

I like it. You made me laugh.

D.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
So it's like we thought...a moving average system with a moving average filter...the angle of the moving averages come into play along with some other things...I really haven't given it that close a look.

The dots are entries with original FXPrime.

You know it's not a bad entry system....I would not use for exit.

It's a clean look...you can concentrate on price action a bit and should make some pips. I like some of the other stuff on the thread better.

Enjoy

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #307 ---
What settings did you change? So that I don't have do download the whole thing again?

D.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Hi Canuck, am i right in assuming there is just one entry on that chart, at the beginning where there appears a dot within the green boundry. This v2 thing was described as a filter so only crosses ie dots within the band are tradeable entries.

Or do you see something else? Ta

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Have no idea....if you wait for a dot that appears in the green or red....you'll be waiting a lot. Maybe someone who went to the seminar can help. :-)

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #310 ---
hi Canuck, would you please tell me about setting for fxprime V2?!!

my indi doesn't seems as yours,

thnx

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Hello,

I have a basic question.  I am using Tk's advise on price action.  I wanted to know how to merge two indicators into one window as CanuckCT did with the RSI and Stoch.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Per CD's website

1. Wait for a very specific cross of 3 Moving averages....(I presume it has something to do with moving average angles)

2. When the cross happens wait for FX PRIME Filter to Give you a GREEN BUY bar (See when the cross happens under the signal there is a green bar that will form, gray dots form when the cci's have crossed and have created an FX Prime V1 Setup) NO MORE NEED FOR TONS OF INDICATORS ALL IS BUILT INTO THE FX PRIME FILTER WHEN A GREEN OR RED BAR APPEARS ALL IS IN PLACE TO TAKE A TRADE!

3. Enter the trade when those two things happen (green-buy) (Red-Sell)
(do not blindly trade the green and red....wait for breaks of near support or resistance)

4. Exit the trade using my easy to use exit strategy for easy pips!!
(Not sure what he intends here....there are dozens of ways to exit....pick one that protects pips early in the trade.)

Apparently it's sold out...so the only place to get this now is here.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Drag one indicator to the chart...it will appear in a window.  Drag a second indicator to the chart...but this time place it in the same window as the first indicator and not on the main chart.  Voila!

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Thanks alot CanuckCT I thought it was something simple but I was pulling my hair out trying to figure it out and I do not have much to pull on....

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Hey tk, by "M2" do you mean a 2Minute chart?  If so, who do use as a broker to get 2min?  I have 2 brokers and neither have 2min charts -- that I know of at least!!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Just follow the yellow brick road (links)  #279

JTH

--- 帖子 #317 ---
I'm off this thread...

To everybody:

Please think this:

STOP trying to look for v2 indicator or v1 or v3 or v4.. I think v5 is better... no... there is no indicator for trading.  It is just a SCAM... don't keep it going. If the indicator would be so awesome... that dude would not need to seel any indicator or post anything on this forum.. he would just trade and make millions with it.

Also I think the system alone with both cci's is enough... more than 2 indicators in any system is not good. The only thing that this system has to have to be a system is money management. But there are better systems. Also be careful with systems for scalping. I would suggest you to find a daily system first... and then if you are bored... try to find a scalping system.

bye

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Hello... anyone can help me where to get indy,"SMA 50 crossing price with alert" thanks

--- 帖子 #319 ---
heres a good MA Indi w/alertes & send email function

--- 帖子 #320 ---
I did already warned them about using this indicators and the danger of scalping but seems nobody is listening. Anyway, i'll post you guys my own templates without any indicators at all (naked trading)..If interested i'll create my own thread. And yes its free. No scamming here and there...

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Yo guys, as promise, this are the templates i use for my trading..... its the basic version and YES i will post the advance version ONLY if you fully understand the basic first. and YES ITS FREE!...so don't worry about it.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Hey there AQD,

Why don't you start a thread to discuss your methods of trading.  If it's good...people will viisit.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Here attached is the advance version of the buaya puteh. yes it look messy but this is the only indicators i used. No more than that.SMA, Bollinger Bands and SAR.  You will also notice i use fractals but those fractals are meant to be apply with Mouteki.....Interested?...i'll start my own thread if there's a lot of request....

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Looking at post #325  That doesn't look like a naked chart at all.

THIS is my naked chart.

[edit]This is my Scantily Clad chart.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Ronald,

You have a pivot on that chart...so it's not naked either....

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Ok fine, it's "scantily clad"

--- 帖子 #327 ---
I have to agree, out with indicators.

I've been an intraday live trader using higher timeframes for a few years, and I decided to increase my forex income scalping lower TFs. I thought maybe i needed a "system"... Well, after 2 months testing, the best system is candles, channels, resistance and support lines!

Know the pair you're trading well, draw some fibs over last swings to watch where retraces will stop, and you're there. Anything with indicators just gives you late signals and because we're working with small profits, can cut your overall number of profits a lot.

Lower timeframes scalping can't be done effectivly with indicators, it's all in PA and knowing where key points are.

I may be wrong in some points, but this is what i've come in to conclusion after these two months testing. And don't get me wrong, i did have overall profit, but i felt and came to be sure of that with indicators i could never take full advantage of this trading technique.

I'll keep lurking around!

--- 帖子 #328 ---
It's a G String....or a thong...you know there something there but can barely see it.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Honestly, it *is* messy

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Hi Spsantos,

I started a thread called price action scalping...perhaps you could make a few posts there.  I think those are great points you make.  he best nugget for me this week id the M2 trading with one moving average.  That's a great little price action strategy.  Just took 10 pips on EJ trade using it..

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Many thanks!!

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Thanks for sharing your M2 system.  Seems like a good early entry signal for the FX-50 system.  I seem to ask this question a lot lately but here it goes again; when do you move your SL to break even with this M2 strategy?  Also, do you scale out of your trades or go full position size from open to close?  I've been having a little bit of success with the FX-50 strategy but I believe I can do a bit better with a solid MM strategy in place.  I have been going from positive pips to negative for a loss on more than one occasion lately.

Thanks again,

JMC

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Not naked but this is what I use for price action.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
ok fine....this is NAKED!!!! Huhuhuhu.......

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Yours has gridlines...

--- 帖子 #336 ---
ackkksss!!!

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Blind mice trading!  Blind mice trading trading! Blind mice trading naked.

I guess we do need a rat maze to trade.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Make sure you study every indicator before the next trigger pull

Will you pull it?

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Ahem, anyway, lets get back to biz..to those who download my templates and EA, those gridlines, if you noticed, identify ROUND NUMBERS...1.6000, 1.6050, 1.7000...and so on....Those gridlines are like pivot points. Market price tend to gravitate to the next or before round numbers. Th ADR refers to the average daily range for a particular currency pair. So if the ADR is 180, i may target a 60 pips profit for that pair. You will also notice 6 time frames on the upper left of the chart specially programmed for this system. If you see a green colour time frame, it shows a bull run for that particular time frame. If its red, then a bear is dominating the fall. If no color then the market is indecisive yet. Ofcos with this basic tools WILL NOT make you rich but i'm sure you will capture 20 pips or more just by following the basic rules of the buaya puteh (mighty gator).....

P.S...Should i start my own thread people?...So lazy man typing, pasting here and there....aiyaa.....

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Just download it again it's musch easier as i turned off the alerts inside the code...  + i changed the settings to 20 instead of 28 Enjoy!!!

69

CD Eat your heart out!!! LOL!!!

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Thank you for the detailed explanation of how to set up the M2 charts!! (in post #159)

OK>>>> I have the M2 set up, but it does not refresh. What am I missing ??

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Thanks Al-Q-DUH for the post and template, it looks interesting. Can you give us an idea of a typical trade using your system so we can get an idea of where you take entries and exits. Then we can give it a try.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Hi Al-Q,  Go start it who knows u might be helping someone out there. Good luck. Thanks.  Nerry.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Hi guys    there are already  a mighty gator system  thread...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...t=mighty+gator

--- 帖子 #345 ---
test? http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon10.gif

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Thx for the info man.

About the "specific cross of MA" doesnt it  taken care of in the indi? the angle treshold? so if the angle is right when the ma's crossing each other the filter will change colour and we can enter or we need another criteria we cant see in the template?

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Another thing i think we should look for , crosing and the filter changing colours almost in the same time, i believe those are the best trades. filter changing 20-30 pips after the cross will be too late most of the times.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Somebody posted the setting,

--- 帖子 #349 ---
f4mnect - great to see you back - I've learnt alot from your postings - a big thank you  and thank you to the admin team

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Thank You But please nobody else post any thing more about Thank You or welcome backs. This thread does not need the distraction and I'm here to trade

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Twee thanks...

F4mnect, I am using your template....Post your trades when you have time...

I learnt lot from you....will read your post....

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Good to see you back and thank you for the great posts. Cheers!!

--- 帖子 #353 ---
I'm trading, will try but all that matters really is the Trading for me.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
...Thanks

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Tkpower8, your template is the best one I've seen. I like it very much. Thank you very much for sharing.

The ant-GUBreakout is a very useful indicator, however its time must be set correctly. My broker uses GMT0 time. So I need to change the parameters. I tried, but could not get a satisfied result. The end time of the purple line cannot reach the time it should reach. Then I found the newer version of it and the end time of the purple line is adjustable. But, new problem comes. I can add four of the indicator to the chart, but only one of them can be displayed. Then I tried adding the old version to the chart one by one, the result was the same----- only one was displayed in the chart. How come? How did you realize to plot multiple of the indicator in the same chart?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
using Waddah Attar & KahoasAssult2 _together and the MACD 5 13 1 white line for Divergence. Sorta gives u an early warning what may happen next. IMO

--- 帖子 #357 ---
sorry , DPO lines will be deleted; not so important

i 'll post v5 in the afternoon*

perhaps v1078644 will be good ,LOL

kino

--- 帖子 #358 ---
yeah great mentor is back. welcome!!! and thanks to Twee for having a listening ear

--- 帖子 #359 ---
nubchai ;

? no DPO.mq4 mentioned in kinobuycount v4

perhaps you have another indic of mine attached on your chart

tell me the name so i can check

kino

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Hehehe..that's one of my student actually from Brunei and he got kicked out of FF for selling MY lesson...but fortunately i won't be charging you guys cause i know system only works 30% of it. 70% come from YOU!..Yes its YOU!...just give me some time to set everything up and i'll be ready to start the thread around next week. However, you can download some of his notes from the link given. Those are just the basis of the buaya puteh system.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
well i had a quick look at CD's V2 filter. of course, all lagging indicators and no real magic. we need to follow the expertise of F4mect, Canuckt Flamenco and others re avoiding whipsaws and entering after/before/on breakout of S/R, fibs & pivots.

here is a snap shot i took of the V2 Filter during a choppy 1 min period on EU. have a good look at the arrows if you can see them. its meant to keep you out of most of this. it doesnt !! altho it keeps you out of a small portion of choppy trading, it gets you in to a lot of false signals. have a look at the arrows. all trades marked, reversed and went the wrong way. CD was going to release this as his grand finale then just piss off quick big time, make his 10k from the webinar and disappear. b/c for sure even if the other thread kept going, people who paid, will test this and over time the complaints would have just poured in Even Cd admitted himself, he was going to do the seminar as his last hurrah, "before moving onto other things". yeah right.

well, maybe given my snapshot, we could perhaps, use the filter as a Contrarian Entry system. ie take a short when it says long and vice versa. LOL !!

oh to be fair - this period seems to be Asian session but just before London open. its alwasy a crap time to trade, pirce just jumps up and down. BUT.... the filter didnt do its job tho. ie filter out supposed 90% of whipsaws !! nope !

Attached Thumbnailshttp://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1228994687

--- 帖子 #362 ---
the whole FX prime V2 is on the original post #3812 with the webinar and all the indis and TPL... got get it b4 its gone but if it is i have it and ill repost it ... YEAH lol

--- 帖子 #363 ---
First V2 is CD:s orginal and the seconds V2 is f4mnect.

Orginalsize of CD:s (FXPrimeFilterV2.ex4 is 8.4 kb)

f4mnect version (!FXprime_V2.ex4 is 10.5 kb)

Some little different size but f4mnect version is realy good.

Thanks f4mnect, i use both version and WELCOME BACK to ff.

// tuttler

--- 帖子 #364 ---
I can confirm it is different, but I am testing 3 of them at the moment. F4mnect, original and one other found here. The problem is, if you check longer period of time, they all give diff signals. Sometimes f4mnect is first sometimes the CD's indy. It is hard to tell which one is best. I would recommend one of these 2 only for confirmation if allready beeing in position.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
here are the package in bits

--- 帖子 #366 ---
compare f4 settings to cd settings, f4 appears to catch the move better that cd's

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Cool!!!

69

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Yes, but when you check CD's in the long run, it appears better.

D.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
First when CD started the thread with his system i asked him why CCI 170 and CCI 34,why not 235 or 786...He never answer.I was sure then he is scammer and i just waited to see the price

This is not first time scammer are starting threads like that,they find some optimised indicator who will work some time then get craud exited and then WOW i got V2 ,BEST THING EVER PROGRAMMED FOR TRADING...but you have to pay for it...

Trust me,he had already prepared chat site and V2 and everything before starting to talk about V1.

Problem with those peaple is that they will not tell you in front they want to sell you something and that is why we dont give a fck about copyright.

Our only solution is to learn  something and take what ever is good from all of that.

Ask those who payd for V2 in a month or so how much they made trading this system....

--- 帖子 #370 ---
So, why exactly you went long at arrow up?? Just because green filter appears, I don't see all 3 lines cross anywhere there?

Tnx

--- 帖子 #371 ---
don't know why I cann't load all the indicators ?

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Isn't that what the green line is for?  To go long? Red to sell...  I am happy I have the settings/system and it was FREE!  I will now not post another word about this in this thread...  Thanks CD!  See what happens when you offer something for free then try and make money off of it?  In the end hundreds of traders get your thing for FREE!  Yuk fuey on you pal!

69

--- 帖子 #373 ---
maybe your connection speed. removed the one i loaded due to cright issue.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
well i tested the filter again in the London session and b/c the mkts are going up and down  more orderly the filter did quite well. but note even FXprime V1 did well, even better. in a rough choppy patch on EU the V2 filter did ok considering, but you had to have a 10pip TP. so..... how do you know that in advance, b/c i was looking at the charts in hindsight. i think those early trades would have lost  you money.

on the USD/CAD, it took some nice shorts, one for nearly 200 pips !! so its true it can be done. BUT... the big BUT.... on that trade, it got in before a news trade, about 40 mins before and the news trade supported it and went in the same direction. so maybe just lucky.

worth looking at more.!!  the choppy mkts will be the key, but as someone said, most systems fail in choppy mkts. its the hardest time.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Have you checked the box dll imports on the common tab? That may help.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
I'm curious about the exit strategies that people are using.  I'm using a variation of the system and my current approach on the 1 minute chart is to wait until 1.  I hit the pip count that I have in mind or 2.  the qqe starts to arc back down.

Any feedback would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Hi Kino.  Just saw this.   No at the time my logs were filling up I was testing buycount v3.   When I saw the logging message I removed buycount v3 and the error messages about DPO.exe stopped.   I put buycount v3 back on a chart and the error meesages started again.

BUT I'm happy to say when I loaded buyCount version 4 there were no errors at all.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
The "indi_number" variable of the indicator must be different on each one

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Im experimenting with tkpower8's bull eats bear/bear its bull approach.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Can someone plz tell me the correct values of smooded HA?

in  v1 template i have values of 2,6,3,2

and in v2 from the template CAN published it is 2,30,3,2.

so which one do you work with?

--- 帖子 #381 ---
I'm using 2,30,3,2 from the template that Canuck posted yesterday for V2.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Cool dudes!!!

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Thx debitel.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
I like it!!!  No sells in this rocky roday north of the border!!! LOL!!!

69

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Hey guys - I'm new to posting on FF and am looking to learn TKpower8's template/version posted originally on the old thread and now re-posted here. However, this thread keeps hopping to different templates and it's confusing for someone starting out. To be clear - here's the template I'm looking at (great moves on the EURJPY over the last couple of hours btw...)

http://teckmax.com/fxprime_screensho...8_template.jpg

To keep a focused discussion, should I create a thread called something like TKPower8's FX-50 Template Discussion? Or is that too granular?

Thanks in advance - I love this template. It just feels right!

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Tec it would be up to you.  But my feeling is that the great thing about FX-50 is that we have 2 or 3 different approaches to it.   I'd like to see the discussion here under the one big umbrella of FX-50.  So if you're talking about TK's approach all you have to do is say that.  Right now I'm using a variation of F4's template, others follow Canuck and Flamenco.   But the core is FX-50

--- 帖子 #387 ---
nubchai - that sounds logical.  So the entry rules still apply in all templates then, just some templates have a few more indicators for additional filters, etc?

--- 帖子 #388 ---
tkpower8 - Thank you very much for the M1 entry screenshots. I can't wait for the M2 ones - these are very helpful to imprint what it should look like in my brain...

For your M2 entry rules - it's just...

Long

Bear candle eaten by 2 pips

CCI 34 is blue (above 0)

21SMA is blue (rising)

Optional: If near a pivot, it should be breaking it or bouncing off it.

Short

Bull candle eaten by 2 pips

CCI 34 is red (below 0)

21SMA is red (declining)

Optional: If near a pivot, it should be breaking it or bouncing off it.

Is there anything else you are looking for to keep your accuracy high on the M2 entries?

Also - would it be beneficial for someone just start with this sytem to only trade certain hours. Like 2 AM EST - 6 AM EST?

Thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Tec yes that'smy understanding.   One difference is the CCI settings.  Some are using 89 and 21 after some experimenting.   And others are using other indicators for confirmation.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  yaaaaaaaaaaaa

69

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Hi there...

Care to share your template and indicators ?

TQ

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Go to Tools then options then charts and set Max Bars in chart to 500

--- 帖子 #393 ---
looking at your chart   you dont need the  cd indicator..lol

how ever you turn it...its still just  ma  crossings...simple as that

--- 帖子 #394 ---
I think CD is a lucky man. Whenever he releases some indicator, the market trends well....

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Hello TK

I have been live trading your price action setup for the last two days with some good results. Thank you for sharing.

I have some questions regarding my latest trades. The first one stopped out for a loss and the second stopped out at breakeven. My other trades have all been positive. Could you please let me know if the trades were a proper entry. Any other input is much appreciated.

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Soeasy69, could you please contact me...I have some questions for you, if you have a minute. Email me: autosurf@cogeco.ca

Thanks

--- 帖子 #397 ---
so glad to have this thread.. again  any chance we can get the chatline address added to the first post?

I had some good trades this am,  so far this week Im +300 pips.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
anyway   great intertainment

--- 帖子 #399 ---
When we have strong trend day, my friend used to say: "Today every indicator works"

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Do you mean 5000 ?

--- 帖子 #401 ---
funny how easy it seems to trade  when one look at  historical charts.

,,,when you find the next  so called Guru/honnest man/guy who only wanna help other  and so on..   and he start a chatroom.

aks him to call live trades...if the person cant,,whatever excuse he got,,

its a scam....

--- 帖子 #402 ---
I'm using the M2 chart setup from TK's template.  Yesterday it worked fine, but today it won't auto-update.  I have to keep refreshing it.

I've tried re-creating the M2 chart with no luck, each time it has to manually be updated.  Can anyone point me in the right direction?

--- 帖子 #403 ---
use this    open a 1m chart   drag the indi unto chart   make sure to click  allow dll import   ,,then minimize chart  go to file   open offline  find 2m   and open..

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Thanks - works fine now.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
what  heiken ashi you use ? try heiken ashi _dm!!!!!

--- 帖子 #406 ---
I had the same problem so closed the chart failing to update , started again and now its fine . You have to keep the original chart running , like if you started with a 1min converted to 2min , the 1min has to be kept running .

--- 帖子 #407 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Thanks for the tip.

D.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
I have the FXfish indicator, and want to change the style of the histogram bars. I want to just have vertical lines, without the slopes that are drawn. Below is the code for the original; how do I change the style to just achieve vertical bars from top to boddom of the window?

Thanks!

int init()

{

SetIndexStyle(0,DRAW_HISTOGRAM,STYLE_SOLID,2,Lime);

SetIndexBuffer(0,buffer1);

SetIndexStyle(1,DRAW_HISTOGRAM,STYLE_SOLID,2,Red);

SetIndexBuffer(1,buffer2);

return(0);

}

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Could not post attachments in PM so this is for him an answer to his questions.  Also playing around with fxprime v2 to see how well it lines up with price action.  so far looks like it missed a good trend down.

I have a modified version of Heinken ashi candles to make the candles thinner and it has my colors by default. So thats attached. The white fib lines are derived on the ema in levels tab.

It is fibonanci points from the 28 pink ema.

1 line 8 pips from the 28

2 line 13 pips from the 28

3 line 21 pips from the 28

4 line 34 pips from the 28

5 line 55 pips from the 28

6 line 89 pips from the 28.

7 line 144 pips from the 28.

Also using Heinken ashi candles I modified my version to make the candles thinner.

On the Eur/Usd in a sideways market price will bounce aroudn the 1st and 2nd line. The 28 is

the center of gravity price always reverts back to it.  I wait for it to hit the 3rd or 4th in a sideways market and put on two positions. stop goes above the 3rd or 4th line.  half comes off at the 28 ema. Move stop down on 2nd have and follow through the 28 ema if it breaks that until it reversus on the other side.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Hullo TK8

I am intrigued by your posts but I confess to not fully understanding your method. (As CanuckCT highlighted, your first post was swamped in the total chaos of the CD thread - apologies for not paying attention then - so I'm trying to catch up now.

This especially got my complete attention (is it still true??)

"...after 08 gmt and then the same again after 14 gmt. I trade e/j and g/u and it makes more then enough for this to be my only form of income."

My times perfectly -I live in UK - and two of my favourite pairs.

Also watch EU but maybe too slow for your method?

I have traded on and off but with mixed results so now I'm back on demo keen to return to real rading.

I hope you will help with some (many to come) questions.

"And so by 'eating', I mean the next candle was taken over by the bears and ate up all the gains that the bulls had made in the previous candle, and more."

Not sure what the 'eating' part looks like...

Need some more examples please?

"it's a funny one to put into words" I prefer charts anyway.

Does your signal come only from the M2, the M1 (FX-50) is only for re-entry?

rorieu

--- 帖子 #412 ---
The 1st trade you entered for a loss was kinda valid but if you want to take the safest ones it should be closer to the 21SMA than that, the 2nd one is not a valid entry. Also I do not trade a/u because its not as effective for me as e/j and g/u and I only have 2 monitors so 2 pairs will do.

I think I will have to start up a thread for the M2 as not to confuse it with this M1. I appologise to anyone that has been confused by this combo. if you are new to forex you should definately stick to 1 method, 1 pair and 1 timeframe to start with.

I only started posting on this systems threads because I had an M1 method which was very similar to the original fxprime, and then I threw in the M2 because I have been trading it for 6 months and it works for me. I just want to make it clear that my M1 and M2 methods to do not always associate with each other and I personally prefer the M2. The M2 for me is the ultimate manual trading method and the M1 is a project I am trying to automate.

I will name my thread TKPOWER8 M2 ATM .. or something obvious like that

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Oh well that's indicators for you....  I'll have to say that CD did do a good job on this....  Why he wanted to ruin it by charging is beyond me...  oh well that's the way the cookie crumbles....  Merry Christmas to all ...

Fron soeasy69   Ho ho ho!

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Nice, can't wait for the thread.  Love your template BTW, has everything and more on in it and looks great.

JMC

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Thanks for the input.

My understanding of the 2nd trade was that since the bull candle came alomst to the 21 line and then 2 bear candles 'ate' the pervious bull candle by 2 pips I should enter.  Do they need to be on bull candle and one bear candle side by side for the price action to be a valid entry?  Not spread over two candles?

Thanks again and I look forward to your new thread since the M2 format seems clearer to me.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Enjoy guys...  the moving averages I got from somewhere in these 2 threads...  I think this is very close to what CD sold to those lucky 100 people...  IMHO I like the new setup it's a lot easier on the eyes that V1...  It makes pips...  cool!

--- 帖子 #417 ---
I'll just give you a quick yes on that one, candle eating candle must be side by side. Its the psychology behind it that got me into this.

ie. In a 2 minute period lets say the bulls gained (x) pips but then in the very next 2 minute period (an equal amount of time is what I'm getting at here because this does work on the M5 also but with bigger SL's) the bears took it all back and more. This shows me that at this moment the bears have more power, and so we then use the 21SMA as a point price always returns to. I'm sure you could use any MA you like for this, the 21 is what I like though.

For those interested I will set-up the M2 thread on Sunday.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
so  what are you gonna use all the cash for..???

pretty nice of you taking time for posting...my self would have been out shopping..

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Hey, what about those, you take those signals to, or you filter them somehow ?? Because they are all losers.

Marry  Christmas to you to.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Thanks we just keep getting closer and closer to the grail lol anyway, this is what is so nice about this thread people helping people and I appreciate everyones hard work here.

Happy Trading

--- 帖子 #421 ---
TK -  I'm very interested in a M2 thread and will participate if you create one.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
nice pic!!!

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Here is the sidewinder indicator I use it and keeps me out of some choppy markets, the setting for the one minute is set the trh to 20.

Enjoy

--- 帖子 #424 ---
nice with dreams of the holygrail.......sooner or late im sure you find out  there are none....lol

i have never understanded the hard work thing    some are always   talking about......for me   hardwork  is something you are forced to do....

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Can you please explain you use sidewinder? I am assuming that green means Buy and red means sell (after confirming the other indicators).

It seems to be green when it should be red? See attached picture

--- 帖子 #426 ---
You are right Green Buy Red Sell Yellow Caution

--- 帖子 #427 ---
No....It is like traffic light

Green take the treade

Yellow caution

Red stay away

It repaints also...So, careful

--- 帖子 #428 ---
That makes more sense based on what I am seeing on the graph. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Thanks TK. Your simple words solved my complex problem.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
I'll be at you new thread....the M2 method in pure price action.....therefore no lag....I think it has great potential.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #431 ---
This is when the market opens in Dublin right?  2:00 AM EST which is a choppy time to trade...  you can have the best system in the world but if you trade at the wrong time then you'll be screwed!!!  Best time to trade?  UK session  3:15 AM EST to 6:30 AM EST  US session from 8:45 to 11:00 AM EST...  lol...  You picked a choppy spot ok...  a lot of traders lose because they chgoose to trade at any given time of the day....  be smart... trade whn you have some force behind it!!!  Volume is KEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  to your success!!!!!!!!!

69

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Correction....  I just watched the webinar and the ma's are 6 and 12 ema and 50 sma...

69

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Want to know a secret???  Most of these so called system involve a simple moving average...  and that's it!  Even the pros use them....  So buy or beware of any system for sale .... because in the end it's just a MA you can get for FREE!!!

69

Good luck and good trading!!!

Never let a winner turn into a loser!!!

If you don't take it the market will!

Take care traders...

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Hi guys...

The lastest file from f4mnect is so accurate that CD must be pissed!  I just compared the chart that CD showed in his webinar to my latest version settings from f4mnect and they are identical guys...  for days I have been looking at December 8, 2008 at the EURUSD and scratching my head saying I do not see this trade setup...then I watched CD's webinar and he shows the actual pair that he showed an example which was the GBPUSD...  he now trades the GBPUSD instead of the EURUSD which he traded mostly with FX Prime V1... we have the code... I now can put my thoughts of reverse enginering to rest.... ahhhhh....

Good luck guys...  !FxPrime V2  is the correct settings....  thank you f4mnect  you the man!!!!

--- 帖子 #435 ---
thanks for v2 guys and WELCOME BACK F4MNECT

here my setup using F4Mnects Settings and i made 20 pips in less than 5min could have made approx 70 pips in 10 min

I have 3 chart setups testing mode, i try to keep it simple dont like messy charts like some have, to much = losing time to trade, i like to have a global idea of the market and easy to view

Setup #1 you see i dont have any Heiken Ashi, i use the MTF HAS instead gives a quick glance of trend at other timeframes
Kino RSI Color RSI8 45-55 is awesome better than normal RSI
DoubleWoody RSI Alert original CCI 89 + CCI 21

i'll post my 2 other clean setups, all related to Fx50 setups

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Well i try to keep it simple without blinding myself with to many lines, it gives me a quick view of the market, thanks to kinos indicators it cleaner, this is still based upon fx50 just minor additions

Setup #2
Guppy34 + MA 55 + MA 200 (different colors ot make it easier to view) good for MA crossings
Kino ALl IN one (3in1 CCi21 + CCI89 + RSI8)
Kino BuyCount v4 makes it easy to view Buy/Sell Signal similar to Stealht Buy/Sell v2
MTF HAS well gives a quick glance of trend at other timeframes
i-Trend this is my new Favorite for viewing current trend signals and gives good exit points when both lines are completly opposite of each other

--- 帖子 #437 ---
i-Trend looks interesting...

Any more information?

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Hi guys..

If u guys dont mind sharing the indi for emas and sma crossover alarm..the one on FXPrime V2..i dont have that..

TQ

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Well this is NOT a FX50 Setup but im only testing it and it gives good signals,

Setup #3
MA7 +MA21 +MA55 + MA200 (different colors ot make it easier to view) good for MA crossings
2MA CrossOver Alerts of MA7 Crossing MA55 and shows arrows
Kino RSI Color RSI8 45-55
Stealth Buy/Sell v2 makes it easy to view Buy/Sell Signals but to small (i still like Kinos buycount better
MTF HAS well gives a quick glance of trend at other timeframes
i-Trend this is my new Favorite for viewing current trend signals and gives good exit points when both lines are completly opposite of each other

*** when red line crosses over green = BEARISH (SELL) TREND when Green crosses over RED = BULL (BUY) TREND but in addition as stated above when trend is changing both line goes opposite directions sometimes as if they would burst out of there indi box LOL !!! this is my interpretation of this indi after testing and analysing it, others may say different, i also used the version with numbers and % but i find it makes charts lag

--- 帖子 #440 ---
heres 4 indis for anyone interested

2MA Crossoser ALERT signal even sends email
i-Trend
MAColor (same as Guppy but green replaced with blue)
Auto Pivot 4.04 that auto refreshes, works better than the original in fxprime v1 template,, which you have to cahnge TF to makes it good (i dont use Fibos anymore to many lines Pivots are enough LOL !!!)

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Sunday, ok. i'll be there.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Geez F4 big  the settings are awesome

WIth the new fxprime template v2 (black) i just added the i-Trend in there to give me signal of trend change

if you check USD/JPY today TF1 theres a SELL signal from Fxprime v2 down from 91.35 to 88.35 thats 300 pips in 1 hour and i-Trend shows when trend changes so you dont lose or lose less on the uptrend starting

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Hi frends. I triyed put the Fx 50 of Canuck but I dont get draw the gann lines. I putted into expert/indicators all files.mq4 except template of course. What I did wrong? Thanks and I appologize for my english.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
close mt4 and reopen, should work then

--- 帖子 #445 ---
I did it but don't function.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
sorry, no idea, not a indicator I use

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Hi Canuck,

about your chart, I like the setup. Where exactly is your entry?

My suggestion is on the picture.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
here it is

--- 帖子 #449 ---
only 68 pips trade !! on EURUSD

but it is enough i think 68x400$=20,720  $$$$$$$$$$

helas !!!   i do it but ......in a Demo account

amazing , to think you can do that in 20/30 minutes !

have a good day and good real trades

kino

--- 帖子 #450 ---
I'm done for the week (off to my real job). I've been using tkpower8's 1 min template for entries this week. 17 out of 17 wins for 238 pips(Demo). I made a lot of missteps, but got lucky. I'm sure I could make more if I was more mechanical.

This has been a great thread! Thanks to all the contributors.

I'm also trying to automate this strategy, but it is very hard. I don't build EAs, I use C++ with MB's SDK. I recently have been testing using a Neural Net as a filter on this strategy for entries. In back testing, it cut the number of trades in half and doubled my profit factor. More if this actually works in live trading.

Thanks again for an inspiring week.

Dan

--- 帖子 #451 ---
if you can send this code in C++ for that strategy perhaps i can try to turn it on mq4 coding , i 'm sure Soeasy69 can do that too !

kino

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Forget the V2 folks, I was just using F4's system to ride the USD/JPY for 50 pips SHORT. The v2 reported a short entry after 60 pips had already passed and just as the retracement was taking place. If it can't get you into a short trade till 50 pips has slipped past you, you certainly don't need it.

F4's system got me 50 pips total in less than 10 mins on the same trade.

http://img254.imageshack.us/img254/1652/v2lv8.jpg

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Kino,

There is a dll for MetaTrader or something like it for the same Neural Network I use.  I'll see if it's the same version and try and sent the net and the DLL this weekend.  I also have been using one other indicator, Hilbert Trendline.  I haven't seen any of the Hilbert transforms in EA's yet, but we could train the network without it.

Dan

--- 帖子 #454 ---
the third indicator on your chart, can you send it please ?

seems interesting ;

are you prepared to another short soon ?

kino

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Nice ride Rasta, I think I will shut down V2 also. Somehow don't see it working for me...

--- 帖子 #456 ---
the third indicator on your chart, can you send it please ?

seems interesting ;

are you prepared to another short soon ?

kino

--- 帖子 #457 ---
You mean this one kino....ZLS

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Ratsman, change the CCI settings to match F4

you will get the signal

--- 帖子 #459 ---
I dont know why, but when i try to load tk8's template, metatrader crashing and closing itself...

Any ideas to fix it?

--- 帖子 #460 ---
what do you think about this template ?

works fine ? non ?

--- 帖子 #461 ---
yes thanks GasGas ! this one

kino

--- 帖子 #462 ---
the guppy bounce works pretty good..

and i use flamenco's big dog candles to get out a trade..

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Great news Dan, well done. You clearly understand the rules to a tee. My version of this system does not get you as many trades as some of the other versions but it rarely gets you into a losser and you really only need 1 or 2 good trades per day to be successful. Its all about consistancy and increasing your lot size gradually, not making a greater amount of pips, that part just happens naturally.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
I found the crash trouble and fix it.. It was due to default dll input settings.. This may help for the people whit same problem.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Sorry, I didn't realize you were asking me for it but someone posted it already the Zerloagstoch.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
The MA rainbow is much later to give you entry signal. When Ma's are messed up, you shouldn't trade.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
tkpower8,

I can't seem to find your template to your version anywhere, could you please post it again?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Kino, you were all fired up with the ZeroLagStoch, does this mean you are now into pulling it apart and rebuilding it to grind coffee beans, roast & serve them while trading 150 pips ahead?

You are going to burst into flames.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
no , when i see an interesting indy i want see how is the code

but i'm good also with mine , and rainbow on my chart it"s only

because it's beautiful , lol

kino

--- 帖子 #470 ---
CanuckCT put in on post 105 here -
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=105

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Hi tkpower8;

thanks for your very very nice system. do you think chart 1 or chart 2 wud have been a proper entry?

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hi , can you post these indis and tmp please

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Hi all,

I just loaded tk8's template... I also downloaded a zip file, which contains screenshots of tk8's example trades...

But on some of screenshots, when everything is in place, he did not take trades. With nearly same setups...

How to determine the correct entries??

I am attaching those examples, you can check it.

Tk8: Can you please list your rules one more time? And can you please mark charts (not your trades.. i am looking for when all indi's are in place, no enters)

Best,

--- 帖子 #474 ---
The M2 on chart 1 would have been something I would have considered but nothing on either is a 100% solid trade for me. I prefer to wait for what I know works more than 90% of the time.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Yes, some of those charts have great trades that I did not take. I am not in front of my computer all the time so I can't get them all. I just marked the ones that I did like and took at the time I was around.

Go back to the bottom of page 7 from this thread for the M1 rules, its CanuckCT's repost of my post.

Since I have been asked ALOT about this I will make a final rule sheet this weekend for both M1 and M2 and try and make it all as concise as possible. If I keep getting asked and PM'd as much as I have been lately I will prepare a FREE webinar for the near future to avoid all this typing and where you will be able to ask questions etc.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
tk8, thanks for prompt reply.

Please mark your "trades" and "no-trades" on charts with last ruleset, and it will make it easier... It will also reduce the PMs..

--- 帖子 #477 ---
here , attached , in Zip Files

kino

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Kino is this the latest version in your charts in this thread?

--- 帖子 #479 ---
yes latest !there are others versions with alerts but not so different and useful

these seem the best

kino

--- 帖子 #480 ---
please rasta, can you give the rules or what to look for to enter and exit trade with this setup?

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Maybe i missed it but which settings do match?

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Was just up on a sell of GB/US about 80 pips

I wanted to pull the trigger and close but didn't put in a T/S of 15 ended up getting 71 pips

I started to use the i-trends for entry and exit

man it's tough to see 80+ pips sitting there and watch it run back to 30 40 range

what are some of you doing I should have set the T/S sooner for piece of mind But I did luck out on the 71 pips

I attached my template

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Dann 55,  ranuhook your charts are far too wide you're blowing my Iexplorer apart.

Please edit or remove . FF used to be 800x600 pixels MAX for an 1 attachment, you can have loads of individual attachments EACH the right size!!

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Read this PLEASE   !!!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Hi fxtrading24,

Great to see we're back to discussing trading....my how this thread is growing.

You will notice how some of the threads in this forum continue to edit the first post to provide an index of the relevant content on the thread. Is that something that makes sense for this thread?

I won't be posting for a while....my focus will be trading. Lots of good stuff here for everyone. Just don't follow any of the approahces blindly....look at what price is doing....that is your best indicator.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #486 ---
My charts on post#474 are normal in both IE7 and firefox 3.0.4

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Whatever you have the time to do in this regard will be appreciated .

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Agreed

ranuhook's fault.

When you shared  pages with ranuhook's HUGE chart your two went side by side. Strange...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #489 ---
what do you mean by share, i quoted and post and the result is what you have, then i remove the image part of quote that is all.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Kino, can you post that template please?

Nevermind, I found it here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=480

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1229080512

--- 帖子 #491 ---
tkpower -

A webinar would be amazing and probably clear up many questions you have been asked over and over....

It continues to blow my mind how helpful people are here on FF, and the fact that they do it all (most of time at least  ) for FREE wanting nothing in return.

If you create a webinar, I will gladly host it in my Amazon S3 online storage for everyone to download for free as well.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
"Number of Posts to Show Per Page"

The whole block of 5, 10, 20 pages ....takes the width of the biggest post. (I guess)

Unfortuanately people included your big charts in their quotes eg #461 #483 are still huge!

Let's drop this now - I've had enough - all sorted , I want to trade.

Whew...

r

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Have you been able to use those Semaphores? They repaint many bars after close and I haven't found them to be reliable.

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1228915491

--- 帖子 #494 ---
TK8

I'm looking forward to the new thread and the rule sheets too.

Will this answer my Qs in #413?

r

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Hi Redpine,

Good to hear you had such a productive week from your other post.  17 for 17 eh with tk's template?  I did that too I think, just with the opposite results!   Anyhow, can you post the Hilbert Trendline indicator if you have a minute please?

Thanks and good luck with the coding,

JMC

--- 帖子 #496 ---
ya, unfortunately you're right & it repaints... but it's useful to warn me against trend reserval, and with RSI and WA i can choose the correct signal...

--- 帖子 #497 ---
OK, I see. So you're using more as a confirmation (speculative)?

--- 帖子 #498 ---
TKI'm really looking forward to the rules for your system.  thank you for taking the time to share your system with us.   This has been a great week!

--- 帖子 #499 ---
All the Hilbert stuff is DSP solutions.  Look for books by John Ehlers, he wrote a book titled, "Rocket Science for Traders: Digital Signal Processing Applications".

The indicator I use is part of a C++ package, but I did find this MQL implementation.

Dan

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Can you tell us what settings you are using for the guppy MAs ? Thanks

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Thanks a ton redpine!

--- 帖子 #502 ---
I have to say the old FX-P thread, and this thread have been a wealth of information, and great indicators!

Over the last year, I've tried out zillions of indicators (at least) and one conclusion I've come to is that most of them are telling you the same thing, just in different visual ways.  Some of them show you exactly the same thing.... for instance, a 50-period cci histogram looks exactly the same as a 5/35/5 macd histogram, which looks exactly the same as a Bollinger Squeeze histogram with the right settings..... and the i-Trend indicator is almost identical to the +DI/-DI lines in the ADX indicator, etc, etc. And we all know by now that the cci lines correspond to moving averages. The trick is to find a good combination that tells you what you need to know with a fairly quick look at the chart. And I'm sure different visual methods will work better for some people and worse for others.

So after lots of trial and error and learning a LOT from these FX-Prime and FX-50 threads, I've come up with a visual look that has really helped me, not only how to spot good upcoming trades but how to stay out of the bad ones.  (I wasn't really very impressed with the v2 filter)

I've also discovered I really like Laguerre a lot better than regular RSI. It seems to be much less choppy and easier to read (I use .85 setting, not the standard). I've also discovered that for me, personally (and this could just have to do with the way I interpret what I'm seeing), it doesn't help much to try to stay inside the larger trend (like the cci89 or cci170). I find it's kind of six-of-one, half-a-dozen of the other whether you try to stay with those trends or not, because they change frequently (particularly on 1-minute charts), and a lot of really good moves start on the other side of the trend that you would miss.

Anyway, have attached a chart with a visual method that has been working for me. The icing on the cake was the instant trendline indicator that was just posted (thanks!!).  I tried it out with my chart and it just brought it all together.

The rules are really simple...

Look for a very tight rainbow twist, which must be INSIDE the red and blue trendlines. At the same time, Laguerre must be crossing up .25 (for a buy) or crossing down .75 (for a sell), the 55cci must be crossing 0, and Kino's buycount must change to the right color. The tighter the twist, the better the signal (some of these on GBP/JPY end up being 300+ moves).

The key is the twist.... if the 3 lower indicators on the bottom are all saying "go" but it's a very loose twist or it's outside the lines of the red and blue trendlines, don't do it.  And if you do have a tight twist inside the lines, but laguerre is not in the right place or any of the other indicators don't match up, don't do it.

Exit when laguerre goes the other way (crossing down thru .75 or up through .25) and the trendlines have crossed.

If the trade goes against you, you'll know it because you'll get a reversal signal, either with the rainbow twist, or laguerre, etc.

Laguerre seems to be the strongest indicator for knowing when to get out.  Sometimes there are other exit signals, like cci crossing 0, trendlines crossing, etc, but if laguerre is still a flat line on the top or bottom, it's almost always better to stay in.

I don't really use ADX for entries or exits, but a) it's just an extra indication of trend and strength of trend (the red/green lines are almost identical to i-Trend) and b) if the yellow ADX line is below 23, then there is little momentum and if you are already in a trade and and it's not going the way you want and worried if you should exit, it's probaby better to hold and wait and see what happens if ADX is below 23.

In the attached chart, the first two yellow vertical lines show possible entries... in the first one, the trendlines have crossed and the 3 indicators are all saying "Sell" (laguerre, cci crossing 0 and buycount changed to red). But it was a loose twist and not inside the trendlines, so not a good signal.

The second yellow line also shows a pretty tight rainbow twist but a) it's not inside the trendlines and b) laguerre is not in the right place.  So it's not a good signal.

The green vertical shows a nice tight twist inside the red and blue trendlines and all systems are go down below, with laguerre crossing down through .85, cci crossing 0, kino buycount changed to red, and as an added bonus, the red/green lines in ADX have crossed and spread apart, and the yellow ADX line is moving up to show added momentum. Perfect exit when trendlines crossed, laguerre passed up thru .25, cci crossed 0 and buycount changed to green, total about 115 pips.  The exit signal was also a possible entry signal.... the twist wasn't really tight enough so I probably would have passed on it, but it turned out to be a +50 move.

Zip file with indi's and template attached, if anyone wants it....

All standard settings except laguerre is .85 and I use cci55.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
michaelb,  please don't post you charts side by side, instead post them vertically.

Thank You

fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Sorry, I missed this post.

This setup is f4mnect's setup and I have posted the complete zip here.

I am just using it right out of the box, the entry and exit is as F4 stated but I tend to watch the charts and jump in early on SHORT trades after a long bull trend.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Celticheart,

Firstly, thanks for sharing your setup. Looks very interesting. It seems that the Laguerre indicator needs a file gSpeak.mqh which is missing? How do we get that?

Thanks a bunch!

--- 帖子 #506 ---
hmm... I forgot about that, I only have it set to sound the alarm bell (not the voice).  But I do have the gSpeak.mqh file, which goes in the experts/include folder

And if anyone can figure out how to fine-tune or improve the visual system (maybe different lines/moving averages the twist can start in?), I'm all for it  I'm also playing around with removing Rainbow MMA_07 because sometimes the addition of that one makes the twist too wide and you miss a good move.  (But then, it probably keeps you out of other bad ones, too, I guess there's always a give and take)

--- 帖子 #507 ---
I added the gSpeak file to the zip file, also one additional template (and indicator) that uses different lines than the Instant Trend lines and removes one set of the rainbow mma's.

I think it might work slightly better that way.  Another tip is that when looking at the charts, the best signals come when the trend lines cross and create a 45 degree angle, and the twist is centered in it as much as possible.  If the trend lines create a very wide angle, it's not good. I know it's sometimes hard to tell when it's first forming, though.

Of the three possible entries in this chart... the first one is a really loose twist and totally off-center from the trendline cross.  The second one was a better twist but somewhat off-center, and the indicator signals didn't line up. They should really line up at the same time, and in this case, laguerre crossed up two or three bars before cci.  The next trendline cross and twist had laguerre in the middle so I wouldn't look at that one.  Once in a while you will see a good trade with laguerre in the wrong place, but overall it's a lot safer to wait for it to be right.  There will also be times where there are some really good moves that started with a very loose twist, too, but much better to avoid them the vast majority of the time.

So the third (green) entry in this one was pretty close to perfect.... super-tight twist, centered between the trend lines, which created pretty close to a 45 degree angle (even pointing 45 degrees down, toward the lower-left corner.... as you go back through the charts the best ones actually seem to point at 45 degrees, either toward the lower right for a sell, or the upper right for a buy, although sometimes it's hard to tell when it's first forming).  That one went on to be +143 pips (GBP/JPY).

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Thank you dan for the indi. Can you please explain how to properly use the Instant Trendline indi besides the angle on cross and which timeframes/pairs it works best?

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Hi there....

Why my mt4 couldn't load your laguerre ind ??? ex4 file ???

On the chart also...it didn't appear ? Why is that so?

--- 帖子 #510 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=509

You need that file also.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Rastaman,

Appreciate you can explain what is the rule for this template? Or can you direct me where as i can't find it in this thread.

How to ENTRY, EXIT, and detect FALSE SIGNAL?

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Sorry, the entry rules were not posted as I had thought, I have been in this system early on from the other ( ahem) thread so, I base my entry loosely on that system.

this system is not that different although it is not exactly the same.

However, if you look at the charts you can clearly see where it suggests you enter and exit.

These are the rules from the previous thread.

FINAL ENTRY SIGNAL RULES (NOT ON THE POST BELOW FOLLOW THIS HERE!)

Long Trade

CCI 170 Over the 0 Line showing uptrend MUST BE THE FIRST TO CROSS

CCI 34 Over 0 line as well showing uptrend MUST BE SECOND TO CROSS IN SAME DIRECTION

RSI over 55 <------ VERY IMPORTANT dont enter if its in between the 45-55 zone (45-55) IS DANGER DO NOT ENTER ZONE once it crosses in the same direction take the trade.

Short Trade
CCI 170 under 0 line showing down trend MUST CROSS FIRST

CCI 34 under 0 line showing down trend MUST CROSS SECOND

RSI under 45 same as above dont trade when in the 45-55 zone

**VERY IMPORTANT**

NEVER TRADE AGAINST THE 5 MIN TREND, IF ITS TRENDING DOWN AND ITS GIVING YOU AN UP SIGNAL DONT TAKE IT ITS A RETRACEMENT WHEN IT COMES DOWN AGAIN TAKE THE SIGNAL. LOOK FOR LOWER LOWS AND HIGHER HIGHS...

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Hey Rasta,

Would you mind explaining what the bottom indicator is in the chart on the left. It looks like its says ZLS, can you also explain what it does and provide the MT4 file.

Oppps nevermind I found it, its a zero lag stoch

Thanks

Dallas

--- 帖子 #514 ---
hi, where is the chat like how learnfxprime? can you create?

thanks

--- 帖子 #515 ---
This is one of those paths I need to explore.  The basic thought is that markets cycle and if you can understand this cycling through DSP, then you can predict where the market will go.  But then again, it may all just be noise.

Rather than me trying to explain it, follow the link below.

http://www.mesasoftware.com/Seminars...20May%2003.ppt

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hi,  are you going to go ahead with your forum

I would be happy to join you for a bit of instruction

cheers

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Hello!

I want to tell you that many changes and new indicators to be added to the system, we will always have bad trades in 1M TF.

There is no perfect combination, in my case that, I always think it operates on 1M and I realize that 1M tf not be good for trend indicators, now that I learn that after several failures by so I am constantly in my winnings !

Please believe that you are giving him too many laps to the system and never find the end!

It's just my opinion!

Thanks for your work!

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Hi... I see Rastaman pointed you to the missing file   I didn't realize that file was needed... the Laguerre indi is the same as any Laguerre except it's the only one I've seen with a sound/popup alert.  When I found it, there was only the mq4 file and that's all I downloaded. It worked for me with no problems, however, because I previously had the gSpeak file installed from some other indi. Didn't realize the Laguerre alert needed it, too.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Ninja,

You will always have bad trades on any time frame using any system!! Why dont we all just give up and become professional golfers.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Gentlemen,

Rather than bash it...why not debate the merits of it. Why should it be used or why not.....with chart examples and a rationale, etc.

There were very specific trades that this filter is intended to take...not all trades. And if you take all trades, then it will whip you badly.

At least then the discussion is productive.

For the record, I don't use it.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Real interesting! Thanks for sharing. This could provide a less lagging entry and exit signal.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Very well said Sir! Basically what I was trying to say, but in a nicer way.

Happy Trading!

--- 帖子 #523 ---
You've got to be joking! Compared to all the childish and juvenile behavior that's considered normal for these pages, what I said was positively neutral and bland!

All I said in my original statement, was that if anyone FELT they were ripped off they could ask for and receive a full refund, just like I did.

I did NOT bash CD, his new system per se, or anything else! I'm perfectly entitled to FEEL anything I damn well please, and I also perfectly entitled to come here and warn of possible fraud, and to help others recover same as me.

If you don't feel the same, if you feel you got a fair deal, then good for you! What I said wasn't meant for you obviously, then was it? But I know for a fact that it did mean something to other members, and that's good enough for me!

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Well now that you have that off your chest, hope you feel better!

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Having some time on my hands I decided to take the 1M - 2M -5M & 15M time frames and do a comparison with identical entry and exit criteria for a random pick of the day last week ( 1 day only - cause it's a lot of work) based on the scalping method f4 and I use which is almost identical. He uses a couple of indicators I don't use, and I use a couple he doesn't - but all in all our systems are pretty close to one another. I was just curious which time frame would be better with my (our) strategy because I get burned out on the 1M.

Interesting results. I compared the time frames from starting at 3:00am GMT all the way to the market closing. Granted - 1 day's comparison does NOT mean it will be identical every day - but nonetheless I found the results informative and leads to ending some speculation on my part about the effectiveness of our strategy on various scalping time frames.

The profit or loss figures have had the brokerage spreads already figured in.

In essence, this is the results of that one day comparison: G/U

15M time frame: 5 trades (3 losses). Daily profit 35 pips

5M: 11 trades (2 losses = 82% win rate) Daily profit 220 pips.

2M: 25 trades (6 losses = 76% win rate) Daily profit 549 pips.

1M: 43 trades (12 losses = 72% win rate) Daily profit of 849 pips.

I had a string of 7 losses on the 1m starting around 19:00hrs GMT, but two good winners right afterwards before the market closed gained me pips over those losers.

P.S.  I don't consider a system or test valid unless I can do it live, which was the case here.  In the past whenever I'd do a backtest I noticed that after awhile I'd look at the trend in general and I'd subsconsciously change my exit or entry points, which actually negated the results of my testing.  So this comparison was done minute by minute.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Flamenco what exit criteria did you use for this test? What other indicators do you use?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #527 ---
i hope you could explain how to get that full wide display on my forum window - it is a problem reading posts when someone uses the wide format.  If you have solved that, please share the solution.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
They need to stop using the Insert image button and use the manage attachment button instead. The insert seems to ignore the boundries.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
ty, and is there anything I can do to widen my screen to read it without having to scroll sideways to get the full line?  or someway to 'scroll' the page with new cr's?

--- 帖子 #530 ---
I'm sure it's slapping me in the face but I can't find f4's method.  Where is it posted???

Thanks

Mombone

--- 帖子 #531 ---
I use the Big Dog/Randy candles (which I introduced on the old thread) and I believe they're included in 4f's '1 mincurrent' template I posted here. But there is nothing wrong in using the original HAS candles.  Once you learn to read them they give a wealth of information about trend strength!  A back-up exit method (based on what the candles are telling me) is changes in the Guppy14/25 (I think f4 uses 12/25 but the difference is almost immaterial) and my main indicator is the BBMACD. But whatever indicators I use may not work for you. Find one or two that do and really get to know them well AND THEN TRUST IN THEM!

Sorry - not trying to be rude or secretative, it's just that I'm through posting detailed advise or indicators here anymore. I'm a pro-trader and I make a good living at it. Several times in the past I tried to help others here and advise them when I could see they were heading for trouble, and I got slammed for it and was basically told to mind my own business.

So that's exactly what I'm doing. I'm minding my own business. Right now I'm at SFO waiting for our flight to the Philippines, so I won't be able to access this thread for awhile. But I hope the information I gave you on the other stuff will help. You'll never go wrong following either 4fmnect or CanuckCT!

--- 帖子 #532 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...89#post2407889

He has the Nonlagstoch added.  It''s good, and needs no explanation on how to use it!

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Thanks Flamenco

Mombone

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Thanks for posting those results . I wonder if you considered which t/f had the least risk and I realize this is a really subjective question . It will be different for each of us . For me gaining about 50 pips daily with one or two trades is less time exposed hence less risk . Considering that maybe the higher t/f are a better way to exit after the 1 min entry . This is what I like so much about this system - it can work in a number of ways . Have a great trip , very envious , been there once .

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Can i make a suggestion? as this is meant to be a continuation of the banned FXPrime thread, its seems to have decayed into a thread now with lots of new indicators, and new ways of trading and different setups and not just the FXPrime. (which will lead to the death of the thread as always happens).

lets stick only to the original method (V1) and now that V2 is out..... lets get all the good minds here trogether, and test it to see if we can make that filter work. the old thread was concentrated on the main fxprime setup. this thread has strayed offline to lots of different stuff.

lets bring it back on line, and concentrate on V1 & V2. especially V2 as its newly out and needs our input for testing !! lets post some results next week and anlyse them TOGETHER !!

already there are some conflicting results on it.   I, for one, posted here a snapshot here last week using the filter..... BUT.... i was NOT using it properly NOR in the correct time period. i didnt use the mov avgs and you need to!! SO, its was not a valid reflection of it. my fault as the webinar had not been released at that stage.  I then posted a trade b4 a news event, it worked well, but maybe just a fluke to the news being in the right dierection for the V2 signal.

So lets get our collectgive minds together and stick to the analysis of F4's Flamenco's and Canuckt's Version 1 setups (they're the best and work) and lets look closely at V2 and pick it apart and make it work for us... and work out if it needs tweaking or not !!

fair call??

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Thank You rodhuy lets stick with the V1 and improve V2. It is getting too confusing for traders, so this being said the thread is for V1 adn V2 only!!! I will have more time next week, hopefully to help out.  And thanks to all that are helping here.
fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #537 ---
thank you thvi for the indis. are these version 10? though work nicely with V1 on backtesting with vhands.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Greetings,

I have some perspective questions maybe this is just the old research scientist aspect of me coming out:

1)as I recollect the V1 method used by F4, Flamenco, etc. uses CCI 89/21, the original uses CCI 170/34. Has any one done a definitive comparison to see which of the two are more accurate or gives higher percentage trades.

2)When V1 first appeared on the horizon there was confusion as to the RSI being used because it was stated to be an 8 as I recalled, but that particular indicator latched the RSI at 14 or vice versa - its been a few months. Maybe its unneccessary but if we are doing definitive test maybe both the original and F4's system need to optimized using the best RSI settings what ever they maybe. Then test the optimized systems against each other. I myself use RSI 12 44/56 and I'm quite sure there are others - just a thought.

3)Last is the V2 Filter, I've looked at all of them and there is something troubling to me. The original and F4 system uses different CCI's but all of the different versions of V2 filters use a CCI 50 for the short, and a 170 for the long. Now while these settings might be okay for the original, It just seems odd to me to slap this filter on F4's 21/89 system without modifying the filter CCI settings downward a little.

Just some thoughts, and yes I know a lot of work.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Yes, I have to admit, it’s getting confusing for beginner like me to understand this thread as a lot of you guys are sharing your strategy/template. Currently I tried all the template/strategy from this thread (ie f4mnect, fxprime v1 & v2, kino, rainbowtwist etc).

I think I’m getting nowhere as only a brief of entry & exit has been discussed here. There is a lot of false/fake signal I encountered and I’m still not sure how to avoid it. I’m really envy you guys that can get 500pip everyday even on single pair. Thats awesome!!!. How you guy do it, appreciate you guys can share on how to steal small pip and how to swallow big pips.

It will be convenience for beginner like me to possess your guy expertise in form of pdf/video and share few example on how to entry, exit and avoid false signal.

Thanx to Trade Simulator, now I can conduct endless backtest which can shorten my learning curve.

p/s: I wish I can get 500pip perday as well, even if I can get 100pip per day would be awesome

--- 帖子 #540 ---
hi, flamenco i am spanish, i like flamenco do you know CAMARON DE LA ISLA?

this is the great. you speak spanish? this es mi email i can send the beter of camaron the better singing of flamenco. anguitaxl@yahoo.es

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Do on quality not quantity. You really don't need 500pips/day. The more you trade the more you risk. Don't over trade your self. Its better to take 3 safe trades than 10 risky ones. Start with 20pips/day and if consistently successful, then target 30,50...and so on.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Hi rastaman. I know you're a valuable trader, and I don't want to defend V2 yet since I still need more time to evaluate it, but I think to make a judgment it would be appropriate to use it according to the rules its creator suggested, which have been spread all over the Internet so far. Let's not forget V2 is a system with a filter. That means it's meant to avoid BAD (hopefully most of them) and GOOD (hopefully few of them) trades. That one was a good trade for you, but was also a NO TRADE for V2 if you review all the rules. Instead, just before your trade, at 8:04 GMT V2 gave a beautiful trade which went up to 102 pips and, following strictly the exit suggested by CD, would have given 74 pips.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Anyone have stealth hybrid indicator? many thanks

--- 帖子 #544 ---
you guys are starting to trade around publicly... commercial indicators that cost money and are not public. watch out this can get you and this thread in trouble.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
The original V1 settings for the Double Woodies CCI was 34/170. Included in the V1 system were the HAS candles and an RSI setting of 14. This worked well and there was nothing wrong with it in total. It made me a bundle and got my scalping profitable.

I, as a personal choice replaced the RSI with the QQE Alert because it gave the identical value information as the RSI but it gave me the benefit of having an alert when the QQE crossed the 50 line. So no dramatic changes had occurred up to this point.

Soon I, like f4 and some others saw that we preferred not to sit and wait so long for the 34CCI to cross ’0’ back into the 170. We saw that while it may have been riskier (and that is open to debate) we were wanting to get into trades sooner and hitting an extra 10+ pips. I changed the Woodies Double CCI almost back to Woodies (not CD’s) original settings and that worked better for me with my psychological trading barriers.

F4 also felt the same way and did a better change than mine by just changing the original settings of 34/170 to 21/89. Plus he added 2 Guppy lines with the values of 35/55 and traded price action bounces off those two guppy lines. I liked what he was doing there so I started including them on my charts. Eventually we both replaced his 35/55 guppy lines with 12 (or 14) and 25 guppy lines as it was more accurate for trading the bounces on the 1M we felt.

And CunuckCT along with a couple of others tweaked and helped support the original V1 system along the way in so many ways I couldn’t begin to mention here. Conversely others came in and starting adding on superfluous, unreliable and untested indicators that certainly didn’t help improve the accuracy of the original system.

In regards to V2’s accuracy and profit potential you are faced with the same situation as occurred in the original V1 thread. V2 was ‘created’ using the new ‘improved filter’ which was alleged to keep one out of 90% of the bad trades. Before judgment can be passed on it’s effectiveness one must remember that CD (or whoever actually designed the V2) did so with his original Double Woodies CCI settings of 34/170. So to make an accurate comparison if V2 DOES work effecively you have to keep the 34/170CCI V1 values in mind, and not the CCI changes made by me or others.

We are NOT all the same. If we were, one system, one or two identical indicators, one time frame would work for all of us and we’d all be millionaires. Sad to say this is not the case is it?

Gasgas’s recent posting about the 10 pips is SO RIGHT ON! And let me explain why. When I did that recent almost 24 hour marathon time frame comparison I was surprised by the results, as I had anticipated the outcome to be different. But what it showed that ‘scalping’ CAN be profitable any time throughout the day. Yes, there are times when a trading session is ‘more’ profitable.

I ‘m after 500 pips a day. BUT I DON’T EXPECT THAT! What I expect (and in all honesty I have to keep reminding myself of this) is to get 10 PIPS! That’s it! That’s my goal! I’m scalping! I’m not looking for a bunch of indicators to line up and show me the way to a 40+ trend move. If it happens (which it does frequently) great! But it happens when I’m after my 10 pip profit and I’ll ride the trade until my indicators or candles tell me to get out. And yes I do trade 3 to 5 lots for my total daily goal.

Once again, I’m after a 10 pip profit. Then I’m after that again, and again, and again. I think my point is made here. And if all I make for the whole day is 10 pips . . . . I’m OK and happy with that!

P.S. And fxtrading24 and rodhuy are correct. Keep this thread dealing with V1 and/or V2. If someone wants to change something or add other indicators at least have the courtesy to demo trade those changes for awhile. Then post them along with an explanation of how those indicators are better, the reasons you changed them, and exactly what they've done to improve your scalping. That would be so much more beneficial to the rest of us! Celticheart did a classic job of that in HER posting!

--- 帖子 #546 ---
A very valuable and sensible posting. Thank you Flamenco 143. Have a good trip here in the Philippines - yes, this is where I am - contact me if you have any problems or are passing by Central Luzon area.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Thanks! I know I have definitely gotten the most benefit from your and F4's changes. I also tried out the QQE crossing 50, but then discovered it was almost identical to a CCI 55 (which is also almost identical to a MACD 5/35/5 histogram).  So I figured if I was going to wait for a QQE confirmation, anyway, I might as well just use CCI 55, since the visual of the histogram is easier for me.  I agree with you 100% that it really has a lot to do with the individual and what they can most easily recognize as a signal, and what thresholds of risk v opportunitity they are most comfortable with, as to the optimum settings.

ps... I'm a "she," not a "he"

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Hi Flamenco143, please could you answer a few questions regarding your backtest post What day and what pairs was this test performed on? What time gmt do you consider market close? Do you always enter on bar open? Do you trail for exits or go out when special candles close? What do you mean by 'unless i can do it live, which was the case here'... Did you really make that many pips on 1min tf? Many Thanks

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Well Hello celticheart ... lol just playing, been up all night looking at a little change to my set up, that has me quite excited...well and no sleep and to much coffee could be part of that. Think I'm saving template, sleeping on it and then when I wake up, seeing if I'm the genius I think I am currently... lol ahaha, How come after a few hours of sleep, what I was looking at, never is quite as life changing as before.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Quick reponse because I'm in Manila heading out the door, and going where there aren't any cell towers so I'll be out of touch.

#1. thought I covered that in my post.  I started at 03:00 and went to about 23:30GMT on the G/U.

#2.  Screwed up on 'market closing' cause I was tired and not thinking straight (normal condition for me.  I wrote 'market closing' because my mind was on Friday.  It should have read 'end of GMT day' instead of 'market closing'.

3.  Depends on what the previous bar/indicator/candle is showing me.

4.  I never trade with a S/L or trailing stop on 1m.  I exit 'close' to candle closing.  Sometimes it's better, sometimes not.  But what is important is to have ONE rule about exiting and stick to it.  It'll all come out even in the long run.

#5. ??? I said I don't consider backtesting valid because after awhile my mind starts playing games on looking at the historical data.  I ONLY consider live, moment by moment testing (particularly on 1M) valid.  If I didn't make those pips on scalping I wouldn't even be here.  I'd be on some other thread doing some complete different strategy as I use to in the past (with less profits than here!)

By all!  Taxi's here.

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Hi, f4   lol

I do the same thing, keep making little changes... I figure there's always room for improvement!  My current setup is working really well for me, but I still keep tweaking it, anyway.  And I can't stop trying out new indicators  I've still got it narrowed down to laguerre (just a different type of rsi, but i like it better), cci55 and adx, which i really use only to tell me whether to get out or hold if a trade turns around and goes the wrong way (not for entries or exits).

Very interested to see what change you're trying out!

--- 帖子 #552 ---
im always interested in hearing what f4mnect or flamenco143  have to say ! i love the tweaks between the two   celticheart !  they have helped my trading  immensely ! always read then reread  there posts  lots of nuggets ! cant wait to see myself ! thanks

--- 帖子 #553 ---
So in less than 21hrs you had 31 winning trades averaging 31pips on one pair for 960ish pips.... LIVE!!!

On a day you picked at random????

When you only have a trade and daily goal of 10 pips???

Sorry, but that is just incredible.

Discretion advised Folks!

Just because they talk a talk dont mean they walk the walk.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Maybe if you would read all Flamencos posts and his following, and his genius attitude, you would change your attitude about him and others.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
I'll answer this post while I still have a connection. Locknpop, you're the one that's incredible. You asked for clarification and I was kind enough to give the the answers to what I had done. First of all, I never said I traded 21 hours straight with my live account. I arbitrarily picked a day and decided this was not going to be a day I would trade, but rather check and see using the system which time frame would produce the best results for me because quite frankly I just flat out didn't know. What I shared was results of time frame comparisons if one HAD been trading 21 hours straight basically using the V1 (f4's modifications mostly) during that period. It's responses like yours that are the reason I have primarily stopped offering my help.

You come out with the accusation I am not above board or honest. Now YOU prove to everyone by showing ANY of my posts where I have lied, mislead or intentionally given false information to anyone.

I answered your questions and you turn around and insult me and my integrity! This is not my thread, and this is NOT my system. Yes, there are some things I tweaked or replaced but I have nothing for sale so what are you proposing I am gaining here by giving false information? What I suggest can either be accepted into a trader's arsenal, or rejected. I don't make anything from either of those choices!

This is insulting to anyone sharing their time and knowledge. I cringe whenever I see a new thread starter getting bombarded with “system effectiveness” requests. No one owes you an explanation, their time, or their ideas. Test it out for yourself – worst case scenario; you might actually learn something. Plus I never said I STOPPED trading with a 10 pip goal. I stated basically that was my primary goal, and I'd be happy with 10 pips, but I LET THE TRADES RIDE till my indicators tell me it's time to get out, usually with a handsome profit because of trading multiple lots!

And if you had read my post correctly you will see that I never said my 'daily goal' was 10 pips. My 'daily' goal as I posted is 500 pips. Do I always make it? Of course not! But I'm aiming for that a step at a time and not all at once. Exactly where in that time frame comparison post did I say I got 960 pips on 31 trades? I sure can't find it! So please get your information correct before you start publicy showing your lack of ability to absorb and retain information. And in your 9 posts in the past year and a half please show me one where YOU made any significant contribution other than give opinions! It seems like you're the one here that's talking the talk and not walking the walk!

It doesn't take a bloody forex genius to make 500 pips a day trading the right pairs with this volatile market now going on. All it takes is realistic goals, the right chart set-up, trading the right volatile pairs, a good winning %, and preserverance.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Why did you guys changed the setting of the GUPPY from 34/55? i trade with this setup lately with great results. an example with 80 pips on GBP from friday illustarates how great this setup looks. I now look at GUPPY 12/25 and it looks too short (the MA's), lots of false trades and pullbacks, i quess i still dont know how to trade it. can you give few examples?I'm gonna stick with the 34/55 for now, it's the best system I've seen so far for 1min scalping.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
lol here we go again. please watch the crap. 1st of all your not reading everything. He stated it was just a visual back test and explained how it was done( he stated was not live and why he did it)...more than once. Also flamenco is the real deal...A trader who trades for a living and does very very well with it. Were lucky to have his help and he does not need to be posting here. A few beginner traders have all ready talked crap to him once before and he stopped posting. How about listen, learn and become a better trader for what he has to offer. I also trade for a living, but after getting my ass handed to me more than once by mult people, I'm posting very little here and most of my new stuff has been moved to a diffferent thread that I have complete control of. Good luck everybody and please read everything before jumping on somebody

--- 帖子 #558 ---
I'm passing a cell tower so I'm back on, for how long I have no idea.  A few of us changed the original 4f guppy settings ONLY because of impatience and for no other reason.  The new settings just got me into trades sooner (which sometimes was not that good for me!)

The 34/55 settings are for the most part no better or worse than the other settings, and NO indicator or the specific values of any indicator will work for everyone.  The 34/55 Guppy lines were a GREAT addition on f4's part.  If they work for you then don't change because you're making pips with it, you're comfortable with them, and in the end, that is ALL that matters!

--- 帖子 #559 ---
So let me get this straight, your wife is driving you around the world, while you sit in the passenger seat, posting to FF. Step away from the forum crack, before we have to have a intervention lol.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Thanks for your posts and thanks to F4 as well. Both of you are great guys that help others learn from your skills and experience. Some have talent, the rest of us learn from those talented like you guys. Just don't let others spoil your cool.

Flamenco, many traders out there work with profitable systems, but they dont give a heck wasting their time trying to teach others. You have done more than enough for us. We are just lucky to have you and F4 teaching us the way to make FX easier for us. Just enjoy your vacations and let the others try hard figuring out what most know well about you. Take care!

--- 帖子 #561 ---
No - this is Manila. I'm driving AND posting. Trust me, the way they drive here no one can tell the difference. Traffic lanes means absolutely nothing, it's ok to drive across double lanes into on coming traffic if you want to pass someone.

It's like giving a 16 year old the keys to your car, then telling him he better hurry up and get to Walmart before all the i-pods are sold out!

--- 帖子 #562 ---
ohh and you shipped your motorcycle there to drive it around...that sounds fun and real smart lol. good luck with that

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Flamenco143 I look forward to reading posts like yours because they are very educational. Comments like you made in post#552 about the personal tweaks you made (and why) and #532 about comparative results trading different TFs were very informative.

Most anyone (especially me) would like to replicate your success and hear any information you care to share about your trading. You have made it very clear that you have nothing to sell and are just helping with your experience in trading.

I hope you do not get discouraged at all from further posting because of a bad comment. Maybe you should consider a private forum where everyone is focused on success with your system that you use in live trading.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Hey f4,

Is there a chance that you can invite people to the thread you are in? I think it would be interesting to chat and exchange ideas with people that you don't have to explain everything from the beginning. And also all the BS that all the newbies come up with is getting boring.

Thanks.

D.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
It will be done but I'm looking at something a little different right now and have only shared it with a few, still bases off the double cci but with a little different settings and a magic filter, lol ahaha just had to get that in there. But until it's tested, agreed on and a firm set of rules are built for it. It will be kept in a thread that only a select few will be able to respond to me in and have input on the set up. after that I will be inviting a few more in, but a few at a time and that are focused and ready to trade. everybody will be able to see whats going on, download anything and everything, but I will be controling who can post in the thread so that we can try to keep the thread focused on trading a specific set up and rule set.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
I understand. When you ready for more testing and need more "Lab Rats", let me know. Good Luck with your endeavor.

D.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Does anyone have and be nice enough to share simple EA with S/L and break even function please.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #568 ---
I am trying your 89/21 settings. Thanks for sharing it.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
f4, just got to see your thread and i love it. please i would like to be invited to learn from the great ones - at your discretion of course.

--- 帖子 #570 ---
working on something new, will be testing and writing up concrete rules on entry and exit,  keep posting here on v1 and your trades etc. and lets get this thread re-focused on trading...isn't that why we are all here

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Looking forward to it.

Mombone

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Isn't it interesting that if you say something, everybody else wants to jump on the train as well? That is one of the reasons why good traders keep themselves in a small group. Sorry f4 that this happened to you now. I think you can expect more of those reply's.

D.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
It was giving a SELL signal while the price was on the way up after missing almost all the short downtrend. Can't get much worse than that now, can it.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
I just want to say for those who do appreciate the help of these members, i want to say THANK YOU for sharing your KNOWLEDGE & EXPERIENCE and especially your time on making us more profitable instead of getting whipped by the market  (my signature says it all)

For those who don't appreciate it or not mature enough to understand what they teach us here are extremely valuable, if your not serious here well your not serious enough to be a Trader

PS im almost finished with the Guide for FX50 v1, adding F4's new settings  (will only be related to v1)

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Avoid Edsa at all costs!  It still gives me shivers

--- 帖子 #576 ---
in the signal there is, "Pips to open"

anyone can help me what is mean?

then STR is stand for Stoch Osc? i'm right? thanks

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Great thread

--- 帖子 #578 ---
849 pips!!!! Awesome!!!

Can you share your test statement please, i think i can make it as a guideline to study where the entry & exit.

Appreciate if u can share it. Im still struggling to understand this system.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Its funny,

I just dont understand some of the crap you guys do!!!!

Dallas

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Pips to open lets you now how far you are from the opening price for that day.  Actually STR represents the strengths of various emas short to long.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Appreciate you can share your statement, i can learn a lot entry & exit strategy from your statement.

Appreciate very much if you can share, im also still struggling to understand this system, pls help

--- 帖子 #582 ---
nows there's a great idea F4 !! control the input and keep the thread to its original context. focus solely on trading it with one system with small and tested tweaks as you go !! fabo.  if you let the public in to view the thread after you've defined the system, GREAT.

now lets see if we can bring this thread back to V1 and importantly now for V2 analysis, to see if V2 was worth the hype of CD !!  (no point in starting a v2 thread only is there?? doubt that -we really have that here if we all contribute)

--- 帖子 #583 ---
MAXZEUS - fantastic. !! brilliant, get that summary done and posted. it will hopefully bring everyone here back on track to this thread original intentions and keep it alive. will it have V2 summary in it as well?

--- 帖子 #584 ---
public can read and d/l anything they want, just only a few can post in the beginning. but new stuff not up yet, will be testing it tonight. lol It's called the Railroad tracks..."mom always said not to play on the railroad tracks"

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Here's a few - each one is a little different so review each on demo and decide which is best for you...

--- 帖子 #586 ---
f4mnect,

we understand that we are not allowed to post on your new thread. Is it possible for you to point us in the direction of the new address to read the pearls on your new ideas of trading this system ?

thanks so much in advance for all you have contributed to this thread and for all you have had to unfairly endure because of all your efforts

traderdp

David

--- 帖子 #587 ---
OK well im almost finished the Fx50 Guide, i did put the settings of the original system (fxprime v1) and F4's settings, i also put kino's most popular indicators, i also added some other usefull indicators that i found on FF ex: the i-Trend || Trailing Lines SL/TP etc...

*** IMPORTANT follow the settings of Fx50 or F4Mnects but trade with the indis your most comfortable with ***

Now i will be posting Indis then ill post the Fx50 Guide finished with the LINKS included

PART #1
Attachment  RSI w/Alert (default)
Attachment  Auto Pivot 4.04 (auto refreshes)
Attachment  Heiken AShi Smoothed
Attachment  2MACrossOver
Attachment  Kino 2CCi v5
Attachment  Kino RSi Color
Attachment  Kino All in One v2 (3in1 2x CCI & RSi)
Attachment  FxSnipers Sidewinder Overlay

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Part #2

Before some fo you say its already been posted, i know i just wanted to put them all in the sam ethread and same posts (2 or 3)

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Part #3

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Well Finally i finsihed it, took long i am a bit busy at work and X-Mas shopping,  but here it is

Hope this will help people understand quicker, tried to put it as simple as possible not to confuse anybody, stick with the system, don't change every week, you will never become a pro, Test n test n test then when you find the settings mentionned in the guide that you like stick with it, then the   will come.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Maxzeus,

Good work mate, Im sure i speak on behalf of everyone when i say thankyou for all your efforts to distill thousands of posts into a complete and informative guide to this startegy(with links!)

Cheers bro.

MM

--- 帖子 #592 ---
excellent work sir thank for your time spent here.  Its nice to have a master copy to refer back to

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Hey guys great thread please can you tell me what period the RSI  setting is as I'm using a different platform and have to input the settings manually (can't use the mt4 template in it ) thanks a lot happy trading cheers bd

--- 帖子 #594 ---
8 rsi main setting, 14 has been used also

--- 帖子 #595 ---
M2 now has its own thread so we can keep this one on point.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=137283

--- 帖子 #596 ---
maxzeus sir..

if u dont mind would share the template file (tpl) for FX-50's modified setting stated on the pdf?

TQ sir..

--- 帖子 #597 ---
....Great effort....

--- 帖子 #598 ---
hi all,

I believe some of you guys knows my name when I created the EA for the prime FX as promised.

CD get my code and boot me out from the chatroom.

from the beginning he DONOt have the intention to share his work, he is looking for MONEY...

since now everyone knows his ACT...

I dont mind to share some of his email....

PS: I asked him whether to inform the public on his filter, and his reply is NO with a capital letter.

he is totally a jerk + con man.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Maxzeus...Awesome work man , thanks alot for that great effort

--- 帖子 #600 ---
tx to the top 5 NO.... SIX Contributors F4Mnect, Flamenco143, FXTrading24, CanuctCT, Kinonen AND MaxzeuS

And to think that it was all for free.

Well done, and all newcomers to the tread, please read and understand MaxzeuS guide before asking questions...

May the Pips be with you !!! Next year will be good

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Many thanks Mike

Cheers

--- 帖子 #602 ---
hey , MaxZeus !!!    ,

good work

kinonen

--- 帖子 #603 ---
another great GUPPY trade using 34/55.

Went to check the 55 GUPPY one more time and almost got me out but then fell straight to the pivot line.Great opening for the week

--- 帖子 #604 ---
I liked the next signal better, 1st short that you took, the stoch was out to far ahead of cci, 2nd short, next 1, everything was working together. but good trade

--- 帖子 #605 ---
when CCI170 crosses zerolinr it's better but sometimes you catch somr good trades whith kino's CCI 34 & 170 + buycount + SMA50

today on eur$ 25 short + 75 long

kinonen

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Very nice guide, Maxzeus.  Thanks for all your time & effort. http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Hi Siobi,

Thanks for the info. How is the EA working for you . Are the results good, do you have new EA that you are working on.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #608 ---
is there anyone who buy version 2?

and what do you think about v2?

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Gotta like that move?

--- 帖子 #610 ---
on EUR USD ?

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Gotta like that one, too!

--- 帖子 #612 ---
I like it...gave 2 great trades today on g/u and e/u worth 300 and 125 respectively!  Unfortunately I had my stoplosses too tight and got taken out a bit early...but all in all, I'm impressed!

--- 帖子 #613 ---
hi kinonen..nice entry u got there..i very much appreciate if u could brief a bit how does kino cci RSI v3 works..and how u use it to make an entry / exit and filter..

--- 帖子 #614 ---
and filters is so important.

how does filters works?

is it ok for you?

can you show any pictures about filters working?

exmple;

cci 34 and 170 ok. rsi ok. but prices no goes to target.

can system filter it?

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Hi Soeasy69, I like the purple background in your indicator and behind the price on the right side...how did you do that?  I can't seem to figure it out.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Did you tweaked it recently? I just looked pulled out your template and I see many false signals that would had lead to several losses and that move your chart looks fractioned in my chart and I using the template you uploaded here.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Gotta love it indeed but those huge moves aren't the right market conditions to check it, every system will give you pips here even if entering  100 pips higher.

My main problem with this filter looking around is the fact it gets you out very late after retracement. if you dont work with trailing stop you can take a lose on a +40 pips trade if you wait for the filter to get you out.

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Please PM me again.  I have further info on those Ulleann Bagpipes and the Celtic singers you wanted to know about down there in your area!

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Yes very nice trend, but before that, how to avoid false signal as below:
http://img229.imageshack.us/img229/9193/v2ou3.jpg

--- 帖子 #620 ---
I use the filter to get in NOT OUT!

69

--- 帖子 #621 ---
CCIs are line blue and Aqua

histo = RSI8  green >55 Red<45 and yellow in zone 45/55

but i also use SMA50 (for example =only short if prices <SMA50) and kinobuycount (mixed of several conditions of classical indicators)

I wair for the TWO ccis crossing zeroline and signals on the SMA + Kbuycount

and ....

if all match then go ... short or long

it's not the real rules of FX50 becuse sometimes i take the trade before conditions on RSI and CCI are met

but i'll try to make an indy who sticks better with rules

...... later

kinonen

--- 帖子 #622 ---
I think (IMHO) that if we had real volume it would help allot. I had an indicator when I used Tradestation (not forex) called delta, what it showed on the bar was buying vs selling pressure, When the market was going up and the bar was more red than green it kind of gave you a heads up that something may be going on. I think something like that would help.

Plus with MT4 we do not have tick charts, if we did we could program something.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
I have been experimenting with this some myself and I think I have a good idea of how to explain these signals. (correct me if I'm wrong)

When MA13(Red Line) and MA7(Green Line) are both above or below MA50(Cyan Line) in the same direction AND you have a GREEN(Buy) or a RED(Sell) signal on your FXPrimeV2 "Filter" is your "true" entry signal.

Your Exit signal is the Cross of MA13(Red Line) and MA7(Green Line).  So if MA7(Green Line) crosses above MA13(Red Line) that is when you exit a SELL, when MA13(Red Line) crosses above MA7(Green Line) is when you exit a BUY.

So if you look at the attached chart below hopefully you will see what I describe.  The section you have described as a false signal would have been exited earlier then you have indicated; which would have netted some pips.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Here email here is the ticks indicator when you add it to you chart it wont show anything until the market starts to move.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Enjoy!

--- 帖子 #626 ---
This is the latest one with the correct settings like CD sold for $97.00  I never changed it in any way whatsoever...  A earlier version I was trying to get it close to CD's verion but it wasn't the same...  now with this one I compared it to CD's charts on the GBPUSD and it is identical ok...

Enjoy!

This is why I call it Final...

--- 帖子 #627 ---
You asked and you shall receive!!!

69

--- 帖子 #628 ---
I realize the fx prime v2 shows red for shorts and green for longs, but what do the little blue dots on the indicator represent  thanks for answering my nusiance question.  also, is this indicator more or less an amalgamation of the cci/rsi/stoch entry as this thread started with? thanks again.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
The way it looks,

the dots are the signal from FxPrime V1.....do not take it.....

Just stay away....#

This way you will appreciate the V2 i think

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Thank you very much, you are too kind.

email

--- 帖子 #631 ---
FXP V2 uses more indicators to filter out bad cross trades ...  all the blue dots are BAD Signals that FX Prime V1 would give...  when you see these dots stay out of the market!!!  When you see green solid bar you BUY when you see a solid red line you SELL but only at the right time of the day or night.

It's as simple as that...  question is when is the right time to trade?  I think from 3:00 AM Est to 11:00 AM Est.

69

--- 帖子 #632 ---
thanks to both of you for the quick response.  Do you recommend the three MAs as shown in the prior chart as well as the FX prime v2 or doyou have a better filter/trigger or do we just use what works best for us?

--- 帖子 #633 ---
This thread is mainly for Fx-50 and trading with that.

I think we should go to the following thread if we want to discuss FxPrime V2.  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...14258&page=258

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Whats up with the up and down movement of the V2 indicator, whether red or green, is it maybe related to the trend strength.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Here is the FX-50 template. I have updated and done some small changes and addid Labtrend indicator, which I prefer to watch the changes in the candles. Once you get use to it it will make sense. On FXprime I changed the bars to dots easier to read for me. And addid the tic indicator

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Hey f4, love the title!!  I lurk more than anything on FF and ask questions.  I hope to lurk on your new thread as well

Thanks for all you've done!!

Tex

--- 帖子 #637 ---
I like your template. I also like to see the changes in the candles and the dots on the filter make it easier for me as well. Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Why are you posting the old thread?? Ah this is the thread for fxprime just titled fx-50. Here we need to discuss how to improve the systemm and yes we can make it work. There is no system that is 100% accurate.

NOTE: If you try to promote the other thread which is in the recycling ben then we could loose this thread and I don't want that to happen!!!!

--- 帖子 #639 ---
HI,

I just wanted to confirm your purpose of creating this thread, to only discus Fx-50 trades.

So, pure fxprime V2 filters can get out of here. If you see above few posts you will understand.

I like and thank you for the recent template.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
My purpose of this thread is to continue on with fxprime and make it better and more profitable. Which we can do I am all for ideas to better the system, and work togther with all the future and current traders.

Oh and glad you like my new template

--- 帖子 #641 ---
I'm not atall impressed by this chart to be honest soeasy. The filter kept u out of atleast 2 20pip longs and 2 20pip shorts then told u to take a long 1/3rd of the way into the move for a max 10pips using your users perfect exit or zero pips if using filter exit.

cheers, steve

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Hey guy's.

I got a question regarding the sidewinder.

What can cause the Sidewinder to not display the color's?

Everything pop's up and also the window in MT where it should be, but the color's that should be displayed are not, that is blank. Anybody knows an answer to this one?

D.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
I have never heard of that problem here it is again maybe something happened to the file when it was downloadid.

Let me know if it doesn't work

--- 帖子 #644 ---
soeasy, thank you very much for your work for that v2 filter you made!!!

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Thank you very much Zurathustra for your advice, it’s really make sense now. I will try again.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Dear fxtrading24,

Can u briefly explain what is the function, enter&exit for ZLS and Ticks? and how it will improve the v2 system?

--- 帖子 #647 ---
It looks like we can't really keep one system for an EA, can we?

I'm seeing 4 or 5 different variations in MaxZeuS' guide.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Thanks for the help, but for some reason it will not show up.

Thanks anyway.

D.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Try going to inputs and make sure that Limit is at least 1000 which means bars back

--- 帖子 #650 ---
I try it. Still does not work. Does not matter anyway. The sniper was just to see the trend. There are other indicators that are more important and they work.

Thanks for your help.

D.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Hi Dirk I think I found the problem try this one, hope it works

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Sorry to disappoint you but this one does not work either.

It really does not matter. Thank for helping. Don't let this interrupt you from trading, "make some pips".

Thanks again.

D.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Sorry that is weard oh well  anybody else having the same problem?

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Open the Data Window.

See if the sidewinder is giving values.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
No, it does not. The window does not show up at all.

D.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Strange I wonder if it has something to do with the date of the sidewinder, I don't know coding very well but here is the mql code maybe you can see what is wrong with the indicatoe.

But what is confusing is it works on my MT4

I got this code awhile back so it might need to be updated

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Dirk, I'm no computer geek but you might try deleting "sidewinder" from mt indicator file as well as your documents file and reload it. There could be a conflict if you've loaded more than one version of the indicator. Anyway, it probably won't hurt.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Hey Stitch,

I tried your approach and it still did not work. I deleted the indicator from the file and downloaded the last one that fxtrading24 posted and copied this one in their. Like I said before, it is not a problem for me. But if this problem should appear on more pc's, then we have to worry about it.

D.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
It does not show up in the Data window. What could be the problem?

D.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Dirk, Just one more thing might work. Click on the indicator list in the chart window and hilight sidewinder overlay, then edit. Under the visualization panel be certain to check the " all time frames box ". It's all I can think of, hope it works.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Stich does thie sidewinder work on your computer.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Nop. Still doesn't work. I think that Ronald Raygun is on to something right there. Mine does not appear in the data window. I think there is something wrong.

D.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
The data window is the little cross hairs at the upper left corner of the terminal...if that doesn't open, then reinstall metatrader.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
I found that "data window". But I did not find the sidewinder indicator in there. Usually you find all the indicator in the data window that are on your screen. Do you know what might be the problem?

D.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Look in the "Experts" tab at the bottom of the terminal.

With that tab open, attach the sidewinder to your chart. Tell me if you see any errors.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
It tell me this: "2008.12.15 20:34:32    Cannot open file 'Frogram\FilesDirkH\ODL MetaTrader 4\experts\indicators\DPO.ex4' on the EURJPY,M1"

So I guess I have to find DPO.ex4. Am I right?

D.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
But when I go to journal, it gives me that the indicator was successfully loaded. Does this has anything to do with it?

D.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Are you trying to attach that indi to EJ M1? If so, yes, you need to find this companion indicator. An indicator successfully loading simply means the indicator itself loaded, nothing said about companion indicators.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
thnx for the reply..

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Ronald here is the mq4 of the indicator maybe this will help

--- 帖子 #671 ---
What does it mean if it says "zero divide" in the expert column?

D.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
I found the DPO indicator. Yeah, it's not it. The problem is still there. Doesn't matter. Don't break your heads.

Thanks for the help from all of you.

D.

--- 帖子 #673 ---
HI All

Sorry was at work Grrrr !!!  Thanks for the nice Comments, it's a pleasure helping others, FREELY  i cant help with my expertise on trading, the others are way better than me, but i analyse the market really well and im well organised as you can see with my guide

*Someone mentionned about v2 and my guide, well as i said in my previous post and others here, we are concentrating on v1 and making it better,s o for v2 i will not help with it, i have it setup in my MT4 for other currencies but the popular currencies i have v1

*Someone else mentionend that my guide had multiple ways of trading v1, i put almost all different setups of the most reliable traders of v1 and i did that because i wanted people to test the different settings or tips/tricks they mentionned also to make them find the setup they are most confortable with.

*For my template i strongly suggest you trying out the other indis i posted or the other contributors posted in this thread,

Below is a screenshot of what i use for now, i may change a indi or 2 but trying to keep it simple (the most i can)

What im using is mainly F4's settings
Guppy 12/25 (MaColor) was using 34/55  (also good for trend viewer)
2MA CrossOver (combo with Guppy MA's ALerts not enabled just to view crossings)
Kino ALL in ONe v2 (CCI21 CCI89+ RSI8)
MTF HAS (i use this instead of using the on chart Heiken Ashi, easier to view and my price bars are clean so i can see the price action better)

-----------------------------------
MAXCCI_Rsi Alert (Alerts enabled)
i-Trend shows me the current trend and shows me the trend changes quicker visually (only my conception could be different with others)

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Thanks maxzsus, glad to have you here and thanks for your help.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
The black part of the chart is the time to trade ok LOL!  I was showing an example ok Steve that someone in this thread requested to see how the filter blocks out a sideways market. I had it trying to post stuff here with these ametures!

69  Cya!

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Anybody..need help here..

i attched 4 MTF HAS indi to my chart..and it only show red bar color to all tf(m1 to m30)..and to all pair..try to re install..but still the same..i have used the indi in other MT4 before..it works fine..

--- 帖子 #677 ---
What about the Ticks indi? how do you use it?

You said it shows something only when the market moves but it's flat when we have an uptrend and showing something when the market is choppy and you want to get out.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Is nobody else then me seeing that the dots ARE JUST CCI 34 CROSSING THE ZERO LINE ?????????????????????

nothing to do with v1 signals

--- 帖子 #679 ---
watch out  teddyb.  some cant handle the truth..

--- 帖子 #680 ---
yup he wanted to make v2 look better, so he had a 1/2 ass attempt at making v1  look bad by saying those were v1 signals, look at all the false signals

--- 帖子 #681 ---
you mean EVERYONE can't handle the truth .....btw guys you seen wiztrader posting??....he's really an as@!$*e  Attacking people who are trying to help. What's his problem anyway? Any1 knows him?

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Hi all

can anyone help me with the spreedsheet that forex assassin use in calculating weekly chart, pls

--- 帖子 #683 ---
sorry but I think your in the wrong place for that

--- 帖子 #684 ---
ANTO - this thread as fx24 says is for the extension of FXPrime and that INCLUDES V2 in my opinion. it is the logical extension from the prior thread. the thread you post is in the recycle bin. it wont last. this one will, so for those interested in V2, we should post here about it.

seems SOeasy69 and others are enjoying V2. i say lets use it and look at it. if people want to look at the current V1 setups too, well thats fine. Both are fine to look at in this thread i think. if not Fx24 can you please tell us otherwise. then maybe we can start a separate V2 thread. not necessary IMO.

oh, has anyone noticed yet, the false signals in the V2 filter given by CD, uses a CCI50 for the entry signal. that is CCI170 and CCI50. for some inexplicable reason after all the posts and analysis in the first thread for V1 using a CCI34, CD goes and changes it to a CCI50.

does anyone know WHY he changed it to 50CCI ?????????????. it actually give LESS false signals. you can check for yourselves if you like - load up 2 version of V2 on your chart and changed the inputs to a 50 and a 34. he must have had some reason.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Rodhuy,

I completely agree with you. We are here to improve this system.

For me f4mnect's template works much better. If you can compare this with f2 filter you will appreciate the 35/54 bouce. that gives more safer trades and safer exits. Especially if you have taken v2 signals, when the price is away from 34/55 and which may lead to BE or loss.

Posted signal was picked up during the trending market. I think all the systems under planet would have picked up that signal

I think F4's template does this job and filters false V2 signals.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
CCI 50 or 34 for me its the same

you test it and use whatever you're comfortable with.

In my opinion you don't need the filter, old version setups are enough believe me you don't want to trade blindly you have to see the setup forming cos some setups wont feel good and you're not supposed to take them.

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Do you guys think, we can use ZLS lines crossing for possible entry, just need to be avoided ranging markets for all cost. Green from above for Sell, and green from below for Buy. This gives fast entrys and S/l can be set very tight.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
I really like the zls, but think it needs support, wouldn't want to trade it blindly

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Yes its great indicator, for support I still use FxPrime setup on my other monitor, and if all okey, I pull the trigger.

Ohh...BTW thanks for ZLS f4mnect mate.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
CCIs Histo red marron & Lime Darkgreen + CCI entry Yellow

indicators you ask me , cannot send a PM sorry

here is a version with 4 histo (CCI170) and A line = CCI34

you can change colors and values

do you really want lines only ? i join the version Lines too

but there is a problem at points -100 & +100 (lines don't join well)

but i try to make it

kino (very proud that a trader like you want something of me)

--- 帖子 #691 ---
oups this post was for F4Mnect !!!

--- 帖子 #692 ---
How Can I Avoid The Wrong Signals ???

Thanks

--- 帖子 #693 ---
I like your Mauro EA would you care to share it with the forum. I for one would be grateful. I especially like the b/e bit - I've got SwissArmy just to do the b/e and Pipsing script to do the rest, would like an all in one, I presume thats what Mauro does. Trying different money management setups on V2.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
i think we can avoid the first one (i think if you have a look on a higher time frame UT5 you'll see that SHORT is forbidden there)

the second one =

you can add a 34EMA & you see that it's never bellow SMA50 and don't short there

kino

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Personally I don't trade from about 9:15am EST to 11:00am ESt because the US stock market is opening there and you get a lot of choppiness usually...also, around 10:30am I have noticed London starts getting ready for it's close and things can get a little choppy too.

Hope that helps!

--- 帖子 #696 ---
I use a bit different setup, and Laguerre is very helpful, but sometimes you can't avoid the false signals.

In my chart, I also look for a tight twist of the rainbow-colored ma's and for them to be centered between the purple ma's.  This is what I use as my "filter," and what I check last after the other indi's say to enter (being Laguerre .85 and cci55).

In the first entry, I probably would not have taken it because a) the twisting ma's were off-center from the purple ones and b) if you look back in the chart a ways, it looks like the uptrend just recently started after quite a long downtown, so it was probably just a retracement.  However, that one was more tricky, i *might* have taken it.  I also use ADX and though I don't usually use it for entries, in that case, the red adx line was starting to pass through the yellow adx line, meaning the downtrend was weakening, so just another indication that it was an "iffy" signal. But the main thing that would have caused me to pause there would have been the rainbow ma's outside of the purple ones.

The second entry was totally filtered out by my ma's.... the purple lines didn't even cross and the rainbow lines were outside of them. Plus Laguerre was moving back up.

*However*.... that second dip down just before the up-move... i might have taken that one.  Nothing is perfect.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
here is a screen of eur$ on TF5min

you see that you can avoid easily wrong signals of UT1

kino

--- 帖子 #698 ---
THNKS FOR YOUR EFFORT

BUT

THE FIRST ONE
5MIN GIVS ME A SHORT SIGNAL

THE SECOND
THE PRICE BELOW 34 EMA & 50 SMA

THANKS AGAIN & I WISH YOU LUCK

--- 帖子 #699 ---
THANKS  KINO

BUT I SEE YOUR TEMPLATE  NOT LIKE THAT I USE

KINDLY POST THE LAST ONE IN YOUR SCREENSHOT

MANY THANKS

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Can you plz post this template with his indi's dear man?I'm so confused with what's been going on here but I'll use this one for 5min filtering.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Its already been posted by Mike, just look for post #588, there they are...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Thank you so much Zurathustra and soeasy69, thank a lot for your advice & example, really help me a lot.

Trade tonight live and profit EU 71pip & GU 99pip, hahahahhaa so happy. V2 is easy to understand for beginner like me, and V2 pdf help a lot as well, thank everybody.

Still amaze, don’t know whether I’m just lucky tonight or my entry method is correct? hahaha anyway I'm happy tonight.

http://img529.imageshack.us/img529/2140/eu71qz6.jpg

http://img529.imageshack.us/img529/9946/gudq3.jpg

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Nice trades and good job nice to see ya making some pips

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Wanted to say thanks Kino for all your help on my thread, I appreciate it and it's nice to see somewone who cares and shares his information and indicators.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
[quote=wanoto;2421985]Thank you so much Zurathustra and soeasy69, thank a lot for your advice & example, really help me a lot.

Trade tonight live and profit EU 71pip & GU 99pip, hahahahhaa so happy. V2 is easy to understand for beginner like me, and V2 pdf help a lot as well, thank everybody.

Still amaze, don’t know whether I’m just lucky tonight or my entry method is correct? hahaha anyway I'm happy tonight. -----------------------

Good trades but be careful and keep a tight money management. market is trending these days so any trend system will work

--- 帖子 #706 ---
here the template + indic

EMA34 above:under SMA 50

and if you put also EMA1 & SMA50 (it's the same thing that Close under/above SMA 50 !)

the others indics have already been posted (see posts from MaxZeus please)

i have no time right now (i've a trade on eur$ > 55 pips to see )

kino

--- 帖子 #707 ---
wanoto, could you please post your template + indicators?

--- 帖子 #708 ---
I think you can't. No system can give you a 100% win ratio. The system is good if it is profitable. See the result in pips, not in number of good vs. bad trades.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
With V2, i think you can profit....if you take all the signals.........to be more conservative, take signals near the MA 50 cross.

Also look at Kino's template and indicators....

--- 帖子 #710 ---
I fully agree you can profit taking all the signals of a system.

My point is don't think that a system doesn't work if you get some signals that hit a SL. If taking all the signals you make more pips than you loose, the system works.

It's better to have 10 good trades of 10 pips each, and 5 bad of -5 pips; than have 4 good trades of 2 pips and 0 bad trades.

I saw a poll asking if you thought there was a 100% win ratio system.

Well, there is:  No SL, unlimited money, 1 pip TP at a time. If the trade is open, the system has not failed

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Agree....that iswhy i told to enter near EMA 50 crossing. which is my filter....

--- 帖子 #712 ---
The reason I said taking all signals......Some take some signals, after few lossses they stop trading and will say this system does not work . We do not know which signal is going to give 300 pips and which are going to give BE and _ve.....

Few days before, I think (F4 or) someone did a painful exercise of taking all signals in diferent time frames and reported here. If we were one among the persons who took the failed signals, than that is it.

Inidcator follows price and we follow the indicator---so ther is a delay.

I also have heard many traders said that 30% is the system and 70% is the trader.....

Learning to use one set of indicators and following them very strictly would be helpful.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hello.....

IMO.... take a look at 34 and 50 MA.... Both are ranging... or shall I say "flattening out".... indicating sideways movement....

Technically, this ranging period should well be avoided..... coz it may create a lot of whipsaws......

When both MAs are trending... up or down....then we'd better get ready to gain some pips or more....

My 2 cts.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
I have noticed that allot of the charts posted don't seem to have the fibs. These can be crucial to your trading. See my chart see how price has a tough time penetrating the fib @123.6 and how it bounced off the 100 when it went short. I have attached the indicator, also the auto pivot the spudfibo is the fib indicator.

Plus this was a perfect buy using all these indicators. notice how the ema's crossed and price shot up. these are the kind of trades we are looking for good for around 30 to 35 pips

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Also daily Open line

--- 帖子 #716 ---
hi to all

i am new in traging.

will any one please tell me from where i can down load h tkpower is using

i mean clocks in templet and economic callender.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
See hoe price broke through tge 123.6 fib and went up for another 23 pips. Nice......

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Go to first page of this thread.... You will have all the information on the first thread...

Then, of course, reall all the posts...

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Now you can see how price is stalling at the Daily R1 waiting for a breakout of R1 with a candle closing above this level.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
You got that right Auto, also trade with a Demo Account if you are new to trading.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Try paper clip on the right top...you will get all the attached posts....This is Tk's thread..http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=137283

--- 帖子 #722 ---
EU is going up and UP on daily....

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Sweet, brothers really sweet man.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
put 2 graphs on your metatrader sheet

so you can see both of 2 timeframes

1min & 5min

kino

--- 帖子 #725 ---
sorry it was not the good gif

kino

--- 帖子 #726 ---
1min Eur/Usd  Perfect 34 bounce trade.... 34 bounce, trend CCI showing strength, entry CCI re-cross of 0 line with stoch support. Note this not a final template I'm using, just what was up when the trade came along

--- 帖子 #727 ---
hey F4 , look at #post 694 page 47

histo 4 colors you asked

kino

--- 帖子 #728 ---
I saw great job. I sent you 2 emails about it and posted in my journal about it. Theirs a screen shot in my journal, maybe you could look at it. Many thanks. ohh and you can post in my journal now kinonen

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Enjoy!

69

Have a happy holiday!

--- 帖子 #730 ---
coloure of my templet is not changed to black.

it is purple in all the time?

--- 帖子 #731 ---
i'm guessing you don't have the I-paramonworktime indicator loaded, or if you do it's set wrong. Sorry don't use can't help on settings

--- 帖子 #732 ---
f4mnect: Where can I find the ZLS indicator?
soeasy: Where can I find the pdf-description of v.2?

Thanks,

Chris

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Thanks

i know setting but. this indicator was not in templets

thanks again.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
here u go, both questions answered at once

--- 帖子 #735 ---
The indicator ZLS is called ZeroLagvbob and its in the attachments of this thread on the right hand corner you will see a paper clip image. Left click on it and browse down to find anything previously posted.

I attached it here for your convenience.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Doller declined after Federal Funds Rate anouncement.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Ya after about 20 requotes I got in but still did very well.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
could you post the template to this chart... i like it absolutly...

thank you

regards

--- 帖子 #739 ---
f4mnect, Artifiz: thx! I know the attachments but didn't make the connection between ZLS and ZeroLagStoch.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
I usually stay out in the news due to those darn requotes pop ups that make you lose the momentum. You see the candle going up and you feel dumb clicking away on the pop ups. You have to be super fast clicking those requote pop ups to get in and still catch some of the big move.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Ya I know but sometimes you can get lucky and get in, just depends on timing. I usually don't trade the news and if I do I wait for the dust to settle.

I remember 3 years ago on nfp when I got in with a 100 pip stop and sure enough it reversed hit my stop and headed the other way 200 pips. And by the time I got in it was too  late and reversed on me again. So anyway that is forex.

I guess that is where we get nerves of steal lol.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
kinonen Let me know if you got my 2 emails and know where to find my journal. It's been raining very hard here on and off and i'm having internet issues. So I have no idea if what i'm sending is getting out. Thanks alot for everything

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Here is the templates for 1 min and 5 min charts and the indicatoras incliding the price meter.
NOTE: The price meter you can only have on one chart. It will give false reading if it is on more than one chart.
Enjoy and make some PIPS.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
That's a very sarcastic and condecending reply...finished by an open insult. You are being very defensive and aggressive here for why I don't know.

WHY oh WHY oh WHY post a chart showing how great this indicator filters with a time frame that is not applicable? Totally pointless as there is no bearing to trading the system.

ameture [sic]  Steve

--- 帖子 #745 ---
not the same but if your looking for something very close to that there are threads on ff that are trading a very similar idea and they have built indicators to go with it

--- 帖子 #746 ---
So you liked the Lagstoch indicator then.

I also added the IndTDmark, it warns one of a breakout.

quite handy.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Sorry for the late reply, im at the office, now its my lunch break.

Im using soeasy69 tpl, it is soooo easy. Here the indi & tpl, attached also the manual for v2, the manual only 9page and its easy to understand which give clear exit, entry & false signal.

Please do try it, hope it will give u good pips.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
hi, the entry cci is set at 50 in v2 filter, is it neccessary to change to 34?? thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
any chance u can share it with us the IndTDmark

--- 帖子 #750 ---
I leave mine at 50 and it seems to be good for me. Play around with it see what works best for you.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
I have uploadid version 2 on post 1 if anybody wants to use or try it.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Thank you, will test it for few days. I have been using V1 and pretty happy with it. Happy trading

--- 帖子 #753 ---
fxtrading24, i really appreciate all your effort in constantly been on this thread, and other experience traders that have contributed, i say loud thank you.

i have been on the background, following this thread, i and i have tested most of the fine opinions posted, to me i feel safe when iam using 15 mins time frame as a filter, instead of 5 mins, cos 5 mins generate alot noise, so for me 1min and 15 mins, iam still testing on my live account, soon will post result.

thank you all

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Yes ... After starring at charts for years I like the chart to be black!!!  LOL

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Take your pick

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Hi All

The entry is self explanatory and I exited for 10 pips.

I have read a number of times that the exit is harder than the entry and I now know the truth behind this comment.

I think that my approach will be to take 10 pips on each trade (if the market gives me this) and then start to develop a longer term view once my daily taget is hit.

Any advice in this area is most welcome.

Regards

Lloydy

Thanks to Robin, F4 and Canuck to name but a few.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Thanks Easy Could you please post your version of Time.mq4, thanks. Wayne

--- 帖子 #758 ---
lloydy each currency is different, take 10 pips from the jpy any time you can get it, at +30 on jpy i'm looking to close the trade, on average that's all she will move on average. when I open a trade, i'm looking to 1st lock in breakeven, then lock in +10, after that close trade window is open and i'm just locking in key areas as she moves, i'll lock in 30 if trade breaks 40, i'll lock in 50 if trade breaks 60 etc. but because of how the eur has been moving i held my last eur long longer than i normally would. Nice trade

--- 帖子 #759 ---
thnx..that very generous of u..and just after 5 min put on my mt4..i gt 10 pip through that indi..nice

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Your tpl still purple.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Hi FXtrading24,,,

Is this fully functioning FXP v2 ???

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Hi All

Great scalping thread you have here. Congrats!!

Here is my two cents contribution. If you overlay CCI_MA_Smoothed.mq4 on top of DoubleWoodyCCI you can even more clearly pinpoint your entry en exit.

I use settings 89, 21 on DoubleWoodyCCI and my CCI inputs on CCI_MA_Smoothed are 21, 0, 30.

I have also tried the DoubleWoodyCCI introduced by CanuckCT (post 66), however overlay doesn't succeed with that one the way it should be..... exactly fitting.

There is a snag with all overlays, for sometimes you may notice that both indicators are not 100% synchronized. Shifting the chart a little to the right or to left most of the time solves that......

Maybe KINO who is the specialist here in overlays and synchronization would just be so kind to add the SMA to the DoubleWoodyCCI ..... (For that is what is actually all about here) because that would solve the shift problem...... that sometimes (rarely though) may occur.

BTW the CCI_MA_Smoothed.mq4 is used in other Scalping systems with great succes for entry and exit.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #763 ---
john nice indicator, but why would u over lay them, i'm seeing using one or the other, but stacking both defeats the whole purpose of the double cci. if your trading that cci 21 cross of sma , then why even have the 89 trend cci there, not bad for exits though. just asking because i'm not understanding the stack just yet. does look like a earlier entry, but earlier is not always safest entry and I would be entering with out confemation of the entry from the dual cci which this system is set up around, I haven't looked back at it's signal enough, but being early could get you bit in the ass on 0 line rejects, plus those early entries don't jive with anything eles on my chart set up to support the double CCI

--- 帖子 #764 ---
You're right...... It's just that the SMA gives an earlier signal that a possible entry is at hand shown by the DoubleWoody in the FX-50 system. Validity of entries of course should be handled by FX-50 system rules.... Nothing new there!!!!

However, f.i. when a long trade has been started you will notice that the 89 CCI (gray line) is above the SMA and stays there until exit.... unless you decide for an ealier exit when the yellow CC 21 crosses the SMA.

In this way it gives (some) guidance not to exit too early and certainly not too late either.

Another advantage though is that it makes exit posiblities more visual. Anyway that's what I like most about it.

BTW Have al ook at both CCI-MA-Smoothed and ZLS and you'll notice a remarkable ressemblance there also..... So if KINO could put it together the way I described in my previous post...... it's possible to leave the ZLS away..... which saves space in the chart.

John

--- 帖子 #765 ---
thanks for responding, i'll look it over

--- 帖子 #766 ---
I love it to be a junior here on the forum (for my age is 62)) and I am trading for more than 20 years, Stocks, options and nowadays only FOREX.

Okay having said that...... on to the remark I'd like to make. Basically the FX-50 system is a Wave 5 (Elliot waves therory) trading system, for most of time time the Wave 3 is being skipped here by the CCI 89/21 setup.

Nothing wrong with that..... That is just how this system works. But when you are quite good at divergencies you will also be able to take the Wave 3 trades..... These most of the time happen when the CCI 21 crosses the zero line first.

An example of that just happened now on EURUSD with the short trade entry possibility of 11:48 GMT. Yellow 21 one coming down first crossing zeroline..... Next Gray 89 coming down after under SMA at 11:48 GMT

Next you do is lean back and wait for the gray line to get above the SMA..... Presently it's on a 60 pips ride already.....

But indeed you should only do this when you know all the ins and outs about divergencies/convergencies signalling boost potential at entry points.

Notwithstanding the foregoing if you stick to the FX-50 rules the SMA comes in quite handy too with the DoubleWoodyCCI.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #767 ---
nice john thanks for that info.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
hi, i like that you explaing this indicators but also is good explain you sistem.

thanks for you great work, and sorry for mi english is no mi languaje original

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Ohh and john my intentions was not to offend so I hope you didn't take it that way at all. Just to start a discussion and truthfully to weed out somebody new jumping into this thread and throwing a new indicator out with out any thought behind it(which you have proven is not the case). In the beginning of fxprime people were dumping 20 indicators at a time on top of this set up. I must admit my set up is a little different from the orignal set up, but i'm looking to take advantage of one specific high probability trade over and over. Good luck with your Trades and thanks for the insight.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
LOL my TP was @ 14024

now it's a trade of 42 pips but i don't want to go out an eye on UT5 tells me to stay still ; this time i put a TP to 14030!

kino

--- 帖子 #771 ---
no want to do down

closed with only 20 pips !!! waiting for another trade now

kino

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Hi Kino,

You have done a great job here with all your indicators and modifications. Especially I like the Kino_EMAaboveSMA.

May I draw your attention to my first post in this thread (#767)? I Have a request...... Would you please be so kind to add an SMA as described in that post to the DoubleWoodieCCI ?

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #773 ---
SMA ; what is the period of this SMA ?

kino

--- 帖子 #774 ---
No way..... no problem whatsoever. Regarding all the time and efforts you have put into this thread...... that would be the last thought crossing my mind. Hats off to you ! I hope you will carry on this way!

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Hi Kino,

I have opened the indicator and its says at the bottom of the display:

SmoothingMA_Type = 0;

SmoothingMA_Period = 30;

Usually I would use a Gann sequence number like 27 or 36 or Fibonacci number 34 in this region, however for some reason the number 30 does the better job in comparison to the CCI settings 89 and 21.

John

--- 帖子 #776 ---
I'm embarrassed to post my charts in here....kino's are so pretty, mine look dirty and blah

--- 帖子 #777 ---
yup...his charts sure are purdy! Does anyone know what the buy count indicator measures?

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #778 ---
The more pips taken with an entry signal, the prettier the chart!!!

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Buy Count's duh...............lol ahahaha sorry couldn't pass that up, after being up all night damn i crack myself up....thinking it's time for a nap lol... he explained it once in other thread, sorry i forgot and can't open the file to see, i only have the ex4 file

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Glad we cleared that up....lol.  Perhaps Kino could expand a bit more.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #781 ---
here is a guide of Kino's indis

for those that does mobile trading... you know the frustration of finding a really helpful custom indi but are not able to use it on your mobile...

I'm talking about the I-Trend... I just noticed that with the EMAaboveSMA, modified to have only EMA's set to 5&6, its more or less have the same result, so in short you can plot 5EMAclose & 6EMAclose to see the I-Trend on your mobile.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Hi all,

Here is screencapture of 3 of this afternoon's trades on EurUSD 1min according to the FX-50 rules...... You can see clearly how the crossing of the 21 or 89 CCI with SMA 30 gives earlier signalling for entry possiblity.....

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Thanks for the chart John. Is much easier to see the points referenced on a clean easy to read chart. I'm going to add the indy and give the old gal a whirl.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #784 ---
I agree.. great looking chart John!

Please post your template. thx.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Hi John senior....

Great breakthrough you have found.... I'm testing now..... easier....to look at... I think Kino can integrate this SMA 30 into one of his indicators....

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Hy John,

Nice chart. How do you overlay the two indicators that you posted? I don't know how to do this.

D.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Until an indy is configured per your discription, John, it is pretty easy to assign no color to the indy your looking to shift and line up. Hope this is helpful.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Just drag (by leftmouse click) the CCI_Smoothed_MA form the Navigator to the window where you have already DoubleWoodieCCI. Next let go your finger of the mouse and the usual configuration windwow will open.

Good luck, John

--- 帖子 #789 ---
I know this...... Problem is when I would assign no colour to CCI 21...... you also can't see when CCI 21 of DoubleWoodie and CCI of Smoothed_MA are not in sync..... So we have to wait for the solution (I think) KINO is working on.....

So let's be patient, THX anyway, John

--- 帖子 #790 ---
For some reason it does not work.

D.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
the solution but , lines Zero 100 200... don't match exactly

kino (who have still learning more on coding !! )

--- 帖子 #792 ---
I thought it would be interesting to see how the new method compared to original. Also, 89/21 compared to 170/34.

Nice pre-move highlighted by CCI-SMA (21) as well.

Looks to me like the original out shines the new and improved model.

Any thoughts on this are welcome.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #793 ---
For some reason I can't drag the one indicator to the other. Can somebody please post a saved one?

Thanks.

D.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
and what do you think about this system on DAILY !

i know it's not the purpose of this thread

but just look at the screenshot

kino

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Ok here it is

What you see on the chart is three Gann HILO Activators that I mainly use for entry verifiation (Red one) and support/resistance, which are the other two...... 1 used on TF5 and 1 on TF15.

You have to get used a bit to the stepping indicators.... for they refresh until the moment of closing.... TF5 every 5 minutes.... TF15 every 15 minutes. So they do not repaint after closing of the last step...... only refresh during their respective 5 minute and 15 minute cycle. In this way they also act as Dynamic Support/Resistance levels.

You need the ex4 file of the Gann HILO Activator..... Couldn't find the right mq4 file for this so far....

The Yellow T3MA (40) is sort of a mediator. I never go short above it and never go long under it...... In that it does show some ressemblance with the CCI 89 periods above and under zero...... If this T3MA is crossing the pricefield...... the chart is in whipsaw area. I see that as NTZ's.... No Trading Zones.

BTW you'll always notice when it comes together with Spudfibo lines there is increased resistance or support. T3MA shrtly overhead limits to the upside -resistance. T3MA shortly under the pricefield limits to the downside - support.

The signal indicator is a 2 MA crossover, that I use with Stealth Company settings.... works exactly the same or better as their Early Bird. You may want to change the MA periods..... but I advise not to change the MA Types !!

I assume you all have the #Spudfibo..... therefore it's not included in the list below. Also not included are the DoubleWoodieCCI and CCI_MA_Smoothed that you can find at post #767.

Good luck, John

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Here is the crossover beloning to the template

John

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Finally got the whole dragging business to merge two indicators. Who can read has clearly the advantage, Duuuh. Being a Dee Dee Dee today.

D.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
If you ask me, "That is a dawn sexy setup", the doublecciWoody and the cci-sma. I'm going to test around a little bit and post what I got.

D.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
hello Johnny i got it the indicator you asked

it was in my folder LOL (excuse me i have perhaps more than 2000 !)

it is DoubleCCI + EMA i will change it to SMA30

EMA false you choose true

EMA period 0 you change TO 30

kino

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Wonderful... You have made my day. Thanks a million mate !!!

I am going to try this one too. Maybe EMA gives also good results. MA setting I expect must be cahnged... I'll look into that.

On the other hand..... I'll yet be looking forward to your modified SMA version.

John

--- 帖子 #801 ---
hey there, I am going to try V2, but in the zip file in the first post, its missing the 1min template, the folder is there but theres nothing within.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Check out Soeasy's posts

--- 帖子 #803 ---
The Template is uploadid now

--- 帖子 #804 ---
no the day is not finished

i have made some modifications on the previous indy and replace

for SMA mode

attched below

so yu would be kind to test it and tell me if it's good

kino (so tired now ! awake since 14 hours )

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Her is SMA version, Colours and Settings are for template of my previous post. Just don't forget to manually set SMA=30

THX again, John

--- 帖子 #806 ---
This vertical line which follows the price may help some.....

--- 帖子 #807 ---
I saw this one coming simultaneaosly with mine. Gonna try it right away,

John

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Thanks anto I will try it out.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Here is a slightly improved version of DoubleCCI-With_SMA.

Just handled settings the way they should be to obtain the right SMA, which is taken from the CLOSE price instead of the TYPICAL price. You'll notice little difference...... however the EntryCCI is a little bit more responsive now.

Also SMA is now auto set to 30.

So just delete the previous version and use this one instead with my template.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Here is my breakout alert, read the text in this zip so you get the files in the right place. Also make sure you enable allow dll imports or it wont work.

This is a real handy alert when you cant be watching all the charts at the same time.

the bars that appear on the chart if you double click on them you can move them up and down.

Enjoy

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Can you explain how this Alert works?

Thanks.

D.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
The best way to learn how this breakout alert works is to install it and add it to your chart.

Here is an example of it on my chart.

I want to be alerted when price drops below where the pink line is on the chart. When price hits that level it will give me an audio alert saying support broken on US/Dollar. Then I know it broke that level.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
thanks for the breakout indi.. that crazy ass voice freaked me out when i was not paying attention to my charts .lol but it helped me get the breakout...

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Nice trade, glad the breakout indi helped you out.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
hi Relix730

GREAT TEMPLATE
can u pls post ur indicator and template

--- 帖子 #816 ---
hi John

im really gratefull that you share your experienced knowledge and detailed info on our system, gives more understanding to it, also with the new DoubleWoodyCCI w/SMA gives good signals, i had this script before but deleted because i found it useless didnt know what the middle line was for  (didnt really look at it tho, to pre-occupied to get an ALERT enabled script))

Also before i used the i-Trend indi because i liked the way it showed the trand change, was quick, but the DoubleWoodyCCI SMA is even faster to spot Trend changes also for Entry's/Exit's points, just noticed this gives better signals than ZeroLag Indi did'nt even have time to use it LOL !!!

anyways i tested and analyzed the charts with this its' really accurate, so i think it should be fully part of FX50 system,

Thanks Again

--- 帖子 #817 ---
I appreciate that you are working with it..... that's enough for me !

BTW Have you noticed how the Mediator T3MA (40-0.81) helps blocking out false entries when it is slightly ovehead of the price...... even though the FX-50 system rules would have said...... Take this long?

There was one example this morning on EurUSD at 3:58 GMT where this occurred........ where otherwise you barely would have made enough pips with that trade.

Next T3MA (40-0.81) underlined an absolute great trade at 05:17 GMT !

The other advantage of the Gann Activator here is that you have an immediate visual indication that you have a perfect tradesetup for long at this point in the chart on three TF's at the same time, i.e. Gann TF1 Gann TF5 and Gann TF15 are all underneath.....  showing enormous price action to go up. Easy 40 pips in 10 minutes...

Have a look at this........ in combination with the DoubleCCI-With_SMA........ you actually don't need anything else.

BTW did you notice how accurate the Mediator pinpointed the Short trade at 6:42 GMT ? It's really amazing how accurate this one is every time gain.... Right now already another 40 pips ..... exactly according to FX-50 system rules.....

Have a nice day all, John

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Wow!!! you should write an ebook on this system when you have finished tweaking it, a simple ebook would be enough (if possible ). To have some of your experience and wisdom will help a noob like me a lot.

Got another 32pips just now, thanx everybody.
http://img518.imageshack.us/img518/1965/eu32fs0.jpg

--- 帖子 #819 ---
hi

here is a screen taken a few minutes ago

and ;

john please , can you precise how works doubleCCI+SMA ? thanks

kinonen

--- 帖子 #820 ---
A hope you guys catch that run to on E/J....made 280+

Crazy run

Cheers

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Well that's not what I am going to do...... However I have another small surprise ( because of Christmas ? ) you may have look at it during the weekend or whatever time suits you.

This template favors the use of HAMA.....looks a bit like Heiken Ashi, but this one is more clever for it points directly to favorable entry points and moreover provides guidance (support / resistance) while your trade is on its way......

In this template the advantage of TF5 and TF15 Ganns has been replaced by a combination of two Ganns (TF is set to 0 ) that do give the same impression though....... however you don't see the refreshing anymore (of the Ganns in the previous template)

So for those of you that prefer not to deal with repainting/refreshing issues of MTF indicators...... this template you may like better.

Once again I would like to draw your attenttion to what I call the Mediator MA. This T3-MA combines Gann 9x9 and the special number 40 used in many holy scriptures like the Bible and the Koran....... and seems for some unknown reason to be quite applicable in all trading charts...  I use it in all my charts.

Have a nice weekend, John

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Thanks a lot Senior !

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Hi Senior.....

Does your HAMA come with expiration date ?

--- 帖子 #824 ---
No it does not. First of all it's the .mq4 file...... I have modified it slightly..... therefore it won't show up the name of the developer anymore in the left side corner of the chart.

BTW The HAMA developer (FXCRUISER) is a genius and finally decided generously to give it free.....

If you start using HAMA for the first time..... than watch crossing moments of HAMA with price..... What does it tell you?

Good luck, John

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Hi...

I've used it before.... but unfortunately it has got the expiration date.... after a few weeks it got expired !!!

Thanks a lot with this indicator... I appreciate it.

P/S : BTW... Is it possible to have a pop-up alert on your favourite indicator CCI with SMA ?? Great with an alert....

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Wooo, People!

This thread has become so psychedelic it hurts the eyes. Lol.

If this has not already been done it may be an idea to take the main systems here and start new individual threads to prevent this from becoming even more of a lost thread.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Thanks for breakout alert indi fx24,

So this two lines work as normal S/R lines or fibo, or is there something special to look for when price break threw or bounce...?

Thanks 4 your work here.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Thanks John. I like your application of indy's that enhance this methods approach to trading.

The HAS indy seems to highlight more clearly market trend against the HAMA.

Question on the T3-MA and No Trade Zone.

I understand when T3-MA contacts Price that is no trade.

How far does Price Action need to be away from T3-MA, exit or approach, before a trade can be considered?

Does this apply to all time frames?

Thanks again for your considered input on this thread.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Rasta...too funny. They are very artful though.

The input though seems to be progressing toward a continuing system of profit.

Purhaps we could view the charts as, "One mans butterfly is another mans moth."

Thanks for your continued support.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Thnx Sir John..u make my day..i think mayB after this i can give zls a brake..

http://img33.picoodle.com/img/img33/...dm_2315df5.jpg

--- 帖子 #831 ---
fxtrading24,

Excellant addition. I'm able to put several charts on one page and have each monitored with this easy use indy. Too cool.

Thanks much.

Cliff

"I want to be alerted when price drops below where the pink line is on the chart. When price hits that level it will give me an audio alert saying support broken on US/Dollar. Then I know it broke that level."

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Yes you have that right this thread is getting lost in all this other systems
So lets keep it FX-50 there is tto much clutter and confision for traders.
So if you have your own system start a new thread.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
I like it, and you should too!

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Hi all; I wish to post a pic of my chart for your input...when I save the active chart to a pic, what settings are best? The default is 800x600

Thanks

--- 帖子 #835 ---
it's so nice & simple with my template !

kinonen

--- 帖子 #836 ---
oups the screen

--- 帖子 #837 ---
This thread has a wealth of information but has lost it's focus...not sure how you can bring it back.

Cheers

CanuckCK

--- 帖子 #838 ---
lol!  69  Have a happy holiday!!!

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Just a note and chart of mine...I have changed the fxprime settings a little, but I really like that finally with the Double CCI with sma is terriffic for getting an exit strategy together...notice the cross at the highs early this morning, as well as the cyan dot as well...cool.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
bsmile,

Interesting change to FX-V2. Looks like the cyan dot denotes entries. Is that what you had in mind? Could you list your chages?

Thanks much.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #841 ---
see screen of demo 257 pips trade

on the right corner 98,800$ (400X257)

257 pips

kino

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Yes you are right there is a wealth of information, but we are not focusing on FX-50 which is the new fxprime  v1 and v2 and , oh well maybe it is a free for all and any one can post what they want.

Let me say this, the template I have on post 1 works great for me. The problem with traders as they are all in search for the holy grail which does not exist, they try system after system and fail, the reason they fail is they don't stick with one system and learn it enough to be a successful.  It is like a disease. Traders spend more time searching for the system that produces 100%.

This is why traders fail, for one it not just the indicators that make you a good trader. It is you the trader and the commitment and the hours of analyzing charts, knowing how a certain pair reacts to situations, and price movement, and how news events effect the market, what time to trade and your emotions that get in the way when you trade live.

These are just a few things you need to have to be a good trader the rest is instinct. I have been trading for 4 years, and still make mistakes, but when I do I move on, it is in the past, so then I wait for the next trade.

Just my opinion

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Damn true mate...thats why I don't test and change indicators all the time anymore. We like complicate instead of holding to one system wich works fine...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #845 ---
here are my setup and the result iam getting, still learn to master this method. fxtrading24 thanks for your candid advice

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Agree this thread is getting a little confusing to follow due to the number of different setups on show!

But have to say it is natural to want to refine/customise ones setup. Personally for now I'm not using 89/21 or 170/34 - but the posts here are still relevant and very very helpful.

fxtrading24 it's your thread so you call the shots on it's topics of discusion. Totally see the point about having one system and learning it inside out - and as a side note that there IS much more to success in this occupation than the system you use.

So perhaps a bit more focus on the original setup is needed, it works and is a fantastic system to learn and study. Though that's not to say that everyones various contributions so far are much appreciated.

steve

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Thak you for you rcomments. I guess my point is when we change the settings you do get different entry points but still no matter how you change the settings you are still going to have bad entrys, just in different market conditions. That is why it is so important to know the pair you are trading and how it reacts the indicators can ony give you an idea where the market might go, it is you that determans weather to trade at that point in time..

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Nice

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Just like say these pips are so pretty. This method really rocks.

Hats off to fxtrading24 for reviving the original thread.

Thanks to those like CanuckCT, John Edwards, soeasy69, et al, for their continued input.

These two charts of same trade say it all. Really profiable trading method.

Pips all around for everyone.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #850 ---
only diff is the cci with the simple MA found in the site...

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Thanks much. It does indeed.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Soeasy

4 trades this afternoon

217 pips

(demo)

kino

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Hi folks !

Alternate Indy for CCI with SMA - much more responsive though.

Enjoy!

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Nice trades there. Good work off the Fibs. Very nice bounces today.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Thanks John for posting , very interesting and will demo to get a feel for it . Curious if you trade higher t/f , if so how ? with this first tpl you posted or the HAMA version ? Would you mind posting a chart showing the 3 t/f setup at the same time you mention above . Thanks

--- 帖子 #856 ---
IMHO!  I think that CD's system is worth the $97.00 he charges for it even tough I got this for FREE!  But the way he went about it was wrong so live and learn CD!

69...  another 400 pips win...  this is the second chart I posted today folks...  over 600 pips (GBPUSD) in wins todat with FXP V2...

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Keep up the good work Kino...

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Hey Soeasy69,

Could you post you fxp v2 indi and the 2ma crossover. I though I had all those but when I downloaded your template, it did not pop up.

Thanks

D.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
You should go live with that success mate...Market is incredible trending these days...that wont lest forever.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Hi soeasy, glad you are getting good pips.

But can I just politely remind you however that we are not supposed to be recommending or mentioning pay-for systems here. I do appreciate you are also saying he done wrong. I would have to say V2 is as good as the user and that newbies CANNOT expect to pay 97 dollars and then beable to make 400pips per day with it. They would LOOSE everytime without EXPERIENCE and months and months of it. Remember lots of newbies read here and we don't want them getting the wrong idea.

Hope you don't mind me saying that.

OK so can I just ask you about how you handle stoplosses when u trade V2. Your chart shows that to hold on for the 400pips you would need a trailing stop loss of 80pips on 3 or so occasions. Do you do this or have a fixed stop just under your entry price? Also how to you decide on an exit?

Cheers, Steve

--- 帖子 #861 ---
"OK so can I just ask you about how you handle stoplosses when u trade V2. Your chart shows that to hold on for the 400pips you would need a trailing stop loss of 80pips on 3 or so occasions. Do you do this or have a fixed stop just under your entry price? Also how to you decide on an exit?"

Stevexyg,

Good  questions. Easy, I would appreciate hearing about your approach to longer hold time as well.

Thanks much.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Steve,

Whatever answer you get is going to be totally meaningless for live traders. The way some people trade with Demo accounts, most wouldnt have the balls to trade with live accounts. Unfortunately thats a big problem with threads of this type. Lots of trading advice, with only a fraction of it coming from live traders.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Hey Soeasy thanks a lot for ur informations, i really apreciate it.

Do u can share this arrows indicators of your chart please?

http://img247.imageshack.us/img247/3807/soeasykh9.png

Thanks

--- 帖子 #864 ---
I don't know if you know about MT4 but just go into the settings of the indys and put it the way you like...  The paramount time thing you can choose the color and time you want to trade...

69

--- 帖子 #865 ---
That is not a indicator my good friend...

69

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Hi there...

The way I look at this is to use the way price zig zags up and zig zags down...  uptrend is higher highs and higher lows.  downtrend is lower lows and lower highs...  if the ema 6 stays below the 12 stay short ...  if the 6 stays above the 12 in a lomg trade stay long...  simple as that...

And yes I will stop saying stuff about that CD guy....  here is a daily trade for you guys...  Buy Stop USDJPY 90.21 SL 88.01  TP 93.21  GTC if not filled by this time Friday cancel pending order...  Enjoy!

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Hi kino,

can you please post your template for this exact post (post #841) with the relevant indicators!

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Hi cce and Stevexyg,

According to CD, the HA color change is the exit (which is 40 MA). He claims it is a strong exit strategy (I agree pull backs are scary, it looks to me if you stay you will win more pips.)

However, CD suggests you should not overtrade once your TP is reached, for example 30 pips

I have not yet got those 300 to 400 pips, however, I am using F4s guppy 55 and 35 bounce to enter the trade after the trend is established and exiting at the fib levels, if the price did not pass through these levels. I am happy with 30 to 50 solid pips. ---This reduces the stress of watching the profit going down.

If you guys come out with some idea, post them here.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
I did not mention about something which is obvious, but I use that as a confirmation for my entry

--- 帖子 #870 ---
I just answere it...  take care....  beer time...  lol...

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Anto,

Good references. Thanks for the input.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #872 ---
So what is bro?

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Yep, yep. Our posts crossed about the same time. Must be psychic.

Enjoy the evening.

Thanks much.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Good luck and good trading...

69

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Now I see YOU have said almost exactly the same thing on post 831(?) that I said, yet YOU jumped my ass about it. What is exactly wrong with you? Or are you saying perhaps I WAS right in that first post about keeping this thread on purpose without other things being thrown in all the time. It was OK for you to clutter up the thread, but now you don't want anyone else to do it!

And don't bother replying. I can guarantee you I won't see it because I can no longer deal with idiots like you! I am gone - gone - gone![/quote]

Yes you are right Flamenco we can't be confusing traders with other systems here so lets stay with what I opened this thread with and stick to it!!!!!
And Flamenco I certainly hope you still stay with us here, you have been a great asset to allot of us, and I would like to see stay here.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Now I see YOU have said almost exactly the same thing on post 831(?) that I said, yet YOU jumped my ass about it. What is exactly wrong with you? Or are you now reversing yourself and saying perhaps I WAS right in that first post about keeping this thread on purpose without other things being thrown in all the time. It was OK for you to clutter up the thread, but now you don't want anyone else to do it! And personally I was also insulted by your post alluding to your belief that Asian traders are smarter than us dumb-ass Americans. Guess what bucko - that ain't necessarily so!

And don't bother replying. I can guarantee you I won't see it because I can no longer deal with idiots like you! I am gone - gone - gone![/quote]

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Well, if you look at the chart I posted you will see that I was simply using the 5 min wicker chart to decide if a trade was worth taking from the LAG indicator on it not the rainbows. The 1 min chart needs to be confirmed with a 5 min chart hence, that is what I was showing.

I am talking about all the different versions of the FX prime being in one thread, where new people to the thread can not find the indicators for the version of the FX prime they want to try. Thus, if the 3 or 4 or god knows how many version there are right now, are put in their respective threads, it will make it much easier for anyone to get the files, try the system and decide if it is for them.

If you read the thread you should understand the above.

Are you having menstrual problems or something?

--- 帖子 #877 ---
why if you want to see what i'm doing and where my thoughts are currently. go look at my journal. I'll try and support and offer what I can here. But because i'm trading the fxprime v1 a little differently, I wanted to keep it as much as possible out of this thread. Ohh and the new double CCI kino made me that is in my journal(4 color histogram), Is a great indicator...Thanks Kino

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Quote

I am not a creative thinker like so many here are, and as much as I dislike Rastaman I'll give the devil his due and state he, like many others has contributed a lot to this thread!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And what gives you cause to state the above?

For the record so that anyone new here is not confused by your comment, I will clarify the above statement for you.

You stated in the old thread, that you had made so much money out of this system you went out and bought a new Harley Davidson motorcycle and posted photos of it, albeit in front of a bike shop!

I and others asked you to submit your actual trade order statement to backup your claims, you refused and got bent out of shape and obviously are still bent out of shape about it.

You know, I don't really care if you made this all up or not but the point is, if you are are going to get bent out of shape about people asking you to post your trading statements to confirm your claims, Don't make the claims in the first place.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

QUOTE

CD - Not bragging - just stating a fact. I just took delivery of my new 'boy toy' 2 hours ago. I paid cash for it with the pips I've made following your system from the time you started it until yesterday, and new Harley's don't come cheap!

I'm only posting this with the hope that it will inspire other traders to not give up hope and trust the system.

I follow the rules exactly as you state in Post #1. I do trade multiple lots from 5 to 8. Sometimes I will exit when the 34 CCI crosses back on the '0' line, sometimes I exit when it crosses back on the 100 or the 200 line. It depends on what the HAS candles are telling me about the strength of the trend.

So now I have to build my account back up. My wife is giving me those looks that scream "my turn next buddy, and it better be damn quick"!

http://img372.imageshack.us/img372/9...wharleyoi2.jpg

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Would you both be a dear and take the bickering off the thread? We have work to do.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
get it right...I am not "bickering" but replying to an obnoxious comment made concerning myself to clarify what he is posting about.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
I am not a creative thinker like so many here are, and as much as I dislike Rastaman I'll give the devil his due and state he, like many others has contributed a lot to this thread!

All I have done is taken CD's original system, took out a couple of his indicators and added one or two I liked in exchanged, and it made me (and still is) a bundle. Plus it opened me up to being a successful scalper which fit my personality. I hated and was bored everyday trading 1hr TF up. It made me money, but I wasn't having fun until scalping on the 1M started being exciting and rewarding.

All I am is a stubborn Scotsman. I found something that I liked, tweaked it a little, and when I would have a losing day I didn't throw the system in the garbage and search for something better on another thread. I evaluated what I had done wrong and why, and sometimes, flat-out I hadn't done anything wrong. It was just the way the market moved that time, or that day. I stayed with the system, got to know it better, and work it better, and didn't abandon it for a 'Holy Quail' elsewhere which would turn into a turkey in time

There is absolutely nothing wrong with having a thread evolve and become better. But when so many different things are added (most of which are nothing more than attempts to re-invent the wheel) and indicators added without the slightest knowledge OR experience with those indicators, then you don't have evoluation, you simply have confusion!

I had my rant against Rastaman, and I've forgotten about it already. But me not posting here anymore is just because I'm (contrary to this post) not going to clutter up a thread with anything which fails to compliment that thread or help someone understand the system better. You have a lot of smart people here contributing, far smarter than I am. Problem is, you'll never keep the dumb ones out.

But V1 (and I guess for some V2) works well. I want my charts simple, clean, uncluttered with only one or two indicators that I know work well and gives me instant information I want from different mathematical analysis to pull the trigger or not. Which means I would be handicapping myself if I had to look at a bunch of indicators and evaluate what each one was telling me, and mostly what I see posted are people throwing a whole bunch of indicators on their charts which don't reveal any pertinent information, but just identical information present only graphically different. I'm scalping, and sometimes those first few moments are critical about getting in a trade early enough to make some pips, and get out when it's clear it's going to turn against me, and most important riding the hot trend for boucoup pips.

I can't say it any other way anymore, which is why I am not posting here anymore. V1 works. f4 and others changed things that made it better. But even in the original format, it worked, and it worked well.

I'm not leaving this thread pissed, I'm just leaving and going back trading. Just don't have the time or inclination to keep up with all the postings. If I felt I had something earth-shattering to share I'd stay. But truthfully, I really don't![/quote]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I can see where you are comming from, and yes keeping up with a thread takes time away from trading. And traders posting different systems and posting things they don't have any idea fo what it is yes it can be confusing for new traders.

Just like the old chat room I was in one nite and a traders was calling out trades that he must have gotten from Mars or something. I can't blame traders from trying different systems different indicators and settings but what I don't get is if it works, dont fix it, it just sets you back Well I am staying with V2 and doing well with it .

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Call it whatever you want, please do the rest of this thread a favor and take it somewhere else.

Both of you.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Well, could it be conceivably possible that I posted the reply to you because YOU posted THIS!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I am not a creative thinker like so many here are, and as much as I dislike Rastaman I'll give the devil his due and state he, like many others has contributed a lot to this thread!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You know we have a very good saying in England for people like you.

"Give a fool enough rope & he will hang himself".

Now keep your promise and stop posting your childish rubbish!

Or have you already forgotten how many times you stated you were out of this thread? Dohhhhhhhh!

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Ok we have blown off our steam here so lets get back to trading. The past is in the past lets move on, and do what we are here for TRADING.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
What the next move ??

i would love advices from  soeasy69,,seems his the one to follow.

realy amazing trades he makes..

--- 帖子 #886 ---
hi guys, how cant I get the arrow and alert as per soeasy69?

any idea?

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Greetings,

If I'm not mistaken its the 2ma cross.  Here you go!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #888 ---
thanks!!!

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Sell at 1.4256

TP 30 pip.....

thanks !!! it is working now!!!

trying to integrate this to siobi_strategy....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Just took a look and it looks like you do like the ZeroLagStoch indicator I posted.

Works ok in your system with the other indicators then?

--- 帖子 #891 ---
I've always like the signals of the zero Lag Stoch on longer time frames. Yes great indicator but if you work towards last page of my journal. I deleted the Zero Lag Stoch because the signals from the double CCI with 30 sma are very very close. So it seamed redundant to have both on chart

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Hi guys,

why are you always posting good and long profitable trades in v2 its easy for everybody to spot them. I suggest we start posting trades that went wrong and evaluate them it would be more constructive.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
wow, thats 100 pips drop on EU, I missed it

--- 帖子 #894 ---
signal was at 1.4250, i hesistated there it goes

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Agree. If this thread is not for trade calls, dont post any winnings after the moves. If trade call is allowed, call it when u take it. I can easily post heaps of losing trades on v2 signals

--- 帖子 #896 ---
you know i tried the call live trades as you take them idea(post chart), does not work very well while scalping. i lost money, i won't try and do that again

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Do understand. Just wondering how many of us ( fx-50 ) or v2 followers took short on EU on the signal. We dont need to call a trade here, just acknowledge the signal, and is up to individual to take it or leave it, is that cool??

--- 帖子 #898 ---
lol i had my entry script highlighted and was about to drop on e/j when phone rang. i missed the short, going to beat 150 plus pips outta my son( just kidding), lol his b-day tomorrow, he's getting less now ahaha.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
[quote=forexlane;2430383]Just wondering how many of us ( fx-50 ) or v2 followers took short on EU on the signal. quote]

Well I didn't take it, market was to ranging before signal, also cci21 cross 0 first...But damn it went almost 200 pips short

--- 帖子 #900 ---
I was watching the E/J and CHF. they were the bounce trade I like so much, Eur was trade able but I liked the 2 other currency's set ups better.

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Would you be so kind and share these greens and red, they seems very useful and pretty

tnx

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Hello

I am newbie in this thread.

I read post #1 and setup my charts but I can not understand the trade rules ( according to text in post # 1 ) . It seems you changed Indicators.

Then please let me know where can I find last trade rules with these new indicators?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #903 ---
* NOTE* opening up my journal to see how It goes and get some input from others. If you get off topic, cause trouble or start posting completely different set ups. I'll add you to my ignore list and you won't be able to post after that. Sorry but I'm going to try and still keep it on topic and controlled as much as possible. Also If your a complete beginner and new to trading or FXPrime's set ups. Your best  to staying in this thread. It will be the most help to you.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
got in EU short on the signal, cci 21 cross down 0, already crossed down 30sma, targeting day low, sl 20 pips

--- 帖子 #905 ---
awesome fx-50, banked 50 pips

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Nice job mate

--- 帖子 #907 ---
took another EU short, cci21 crossed down 30sma, targeting 1.3975, sl 20 pips

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Hi Soeasy69 great trading its so easy just banked 700 pips

entry  red vertical line an yellow arrow  exit  red vertical line

--- 帖子 #909 ---
SL hit, -20 pips

--- 帖子 #910 ---
kinoBuycount_v4 versus fx v2 final

they seem both showing the same thing !

no ?

kino

--- 帖子 #911 ---
pretty close, not perfect, but very close

--- 帖子 #912 ---
and here  took about 600 pip  on way up  and then  again 600 on way down..

damn  its easy      did you get the moves ??

--- 帖子 #913 ---
yea yea yea

--- 帖子 #914 ---
i wish...it was so easy

--- 帖子 #915 ---
I found the FXprime_V2 Final.mq4 to be a bit slow, whereas it is using the CD almost original settings for CCI, i.e. 170/50. The templates we use in this thread however all are implemented on fxtrading24's new FX-50 system and now is using CCI 89/21.

For that reason I have been fiddling the settings of FXprime_V2 Final.mq4 to get it more responsive to the main indicator in the templates presently used in this thread.

Especially those of you using the SoEasy template will notice the difference at a glance. What you could do is place it in a second window underneath for a while for comparison..... If you dont like it...... just throw it away again....

My first impression is that " some bad trades" that would hardly get you the required number of pips to make that specific trade worth wile are better filtered now too....

Anyway here are the changed settings and see how it works for you:

CCI_period = 63

Long_period = 64

EMA_period= 36

Start EMA Shift = 0

EndEMAShift = -21     (don't forget the minus sign !!)

That's all......

Another thing is to stop this indicator shifting up and down.... you can do this in the Meta Editor and leave away /* and */ when you see this

/*

#property indicator_minimum -100

#property indicator_maximum 100

*/

Next recompile and shifting wil stop.

You can also change this at the Common Tab of the indicator (when you change the other settings) and enter Fixed minimum = -100 and Fixed Maximum = 100

Good luck and may all of you have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #916 ---
LOL thats my point. who cares if someone post a move thats happened hours ago and telling he mades hundreds of pips by  v2 signal. we are more interested in how the system works, in real time. is either u tell the room the trade u get in at real time, or just keep quiet!!

--- 帖子 #917 ---
lol john maybe you can post the indicator with changes. I have made so many damn changes to that indicator. I dont even know what it once looked like lol. Thanks john if you can. adding just those changes was not a improvement , But I have changed so many other settings there messing up the signal

--- 帖子 #918 ---
3 fine moves here also

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Hi there !

What is that indy on your chart ? Is it sth like Fxprime V2?

Care to share with us here ? TQ.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
John,

Thanks, I'm currently testing your settings, they look pretty sweet so far.   On the big moves yours kicks in earlier, seeing a few more false moves - but that goes along with getting the early jump.  Boy, I swear we are certainly getting pretty close to optimizing this filter which is a good thing.

Thanks

Dallas

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Most likely you have entered the canges under EA settings...... That won't do the trick..... Anyway the one below the picture...

Just now you can see the better entry on EurUsd...... Secondly I have noticed that especially on the long runs...... it now also helps to find good or better exits.... Look at both examples on the chart...

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Thanks John

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Hi,

I am testing an EA but I realised that the log files in the Expert directory get filled up so quickly and my PC starts running at zero (0) hard disk space.

This is not good for the health of the system. Any one knows what I can do to stop the logs from building up so quickly or to even stop logging activities?

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #924 ---
I am sorry to say it, but either the new settings on FXprime V2a Final.mq4 cause it to repaint...... or the original version does it too....

So be aware to use this one now..... unless someone is capabale to repair the repainting issue.

I am back to HAS bars for the moment........and am going to take a new look at some of KINONEN's bars.

He showed a couple of posts back that he has one that could do almost the same as FXPrime V2 Final.

Have a nice weekend, John

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Hi there...

Your Holy Grail Indicator looks interesting can you share that with us lillelise?

69

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Hi guys...

300 pips in the UK Session looks good...  today so far looks bad in the us session...

--- 帖子 #927 ---
here a new version

#kino CCI RSI v4 modified

you can change RSImultiplicator to 1 at 4 to have them bigger

& now CCIs are Above the Histo

have a nice Week End

Kino

--- 帖子 #928 ---
FX Prime V 2 filters out all the choppyness and your Buycourt_v4 doesn't...

69

--- 帖子 #929 ---
John,

How many bars/candles back was it repainting?  Sidewinder repaints the last to - the current and the previous.  Granted we would like no repainting at all but if its just the last two bars, I can probably live with that.  Its no worse then sidewinder.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Kino ,

Can you make the chops as yellow......

--- 帖子 #931 ---
I think you need to define chop....

--- 帖子 #932 ---
LOL!  Chop means no trend... it chops up and down in a small range which KILLS all good trading systems...

69

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Currently I am studying the issue...... So it takes some time (hours?) to see what it does in forward trading..... I mean how bad it is!

As far as I have seen now repainting is not an issue when a new red or green bar starts.... the problem occurs when a bar is on its way --so to say--

You will notice differences when you set the chart to a different TF and than back again to TF1..... Therefore one thing is certain... it can not be used for exit determination.

Maybe it can be used for entry.  If that holds.... it may be good for entry..... Time will learn.

John

--- 帖子 #934 ---
hi, relix, do you have the fxprime filter?

thanks

--- 帖子 #935 ---
hi  i dont understand whi in mi metatrader i see in the fxprime v2 line points and you is a fringe, can you help me, thanks

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Hello every one!

Some request at previous pages for the arrow. I used it for long time already but for this system I disable the small arrows (6/12) as it messy my chart. It comes out with alert & text box to!

Besides, I used FX_TREND to exit/re-enter. Don't worry about the words, its telling you "There will be a direction changed".

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It's so simple! Enjoy!

Here's the indi:
Attached File(s)   3xMAs#4.mq4

9 KB
|
795 downloads

Attached File(s)   FX_TREND.ex4

5 KB
|
796 downloads

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Hey Kino,

Cool indicator you have on the top right cormer! Do you mind sharing ?

--- 帖子 #938 ---
200 pips more on 5m  trade  eurusd

--- 帖子 #939 ---
lol, look at how wavy that is!

--- 帖子 #940 ---
here attached

kino

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Hi Can,

Kino already made some indicator which had Green, red and Yellow. When there is yellow we can stay away from the market....

Defining chop....I know it is difficult....We can define based on MA slopes you guys know better than me

--- 帖子 #942 ---
lol u are cracking me up, lovely holy grail indy there! good luck!

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Need to be on EA to make this trade....otherwise I will not even look at it.

Still I like to have that Holygrail....

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Hey guys, I've been reading up on this thread and the original, one. I came across it from someone in a chat room.  I downloaded the templates, and the EA's, but I'm not doing it right.

Its not working, and when I try to load the EA's, nothing pops up in the top right hand corner.

And then I came across fx prime, and that will load, but I'm not sure how to use it.

Can someone pls give me a little step-by-step instruction on how to get this puppy going, or direct me to one of the thread pages if its already there (incase I missed it).

All the best

Jason

--- 帖子 #945 ---
i guess you easy could make an ea

--- 帖子 #946 ---
yes...but can you articulate it a bit more that that....how wide a range....how long does it continue for, are you considering other timeframes or just the current one, how does higher highs, lower highs, higher lows, lower lows, trendlines....all that stuff.  Do you consider any of that...or is it just a visual.  How do you gather that information from your FX-50 template, or do you gather it another way?  What are the signs?  How do you know the chop is over?  I have an approach...will share if we can have some discussion about it....

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #947 ---
it's because eur$ is trending well down down ...

with a sma 50 you have the same result LOL !

kino

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Yes, check it out on your 5min.

Kino is right.

I just find it hilarious that people still are reluctant to share some indicators. Sooner or later somebody posts them anyway and by then it might be to late to use because it's to old.

D.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Few pages away, look for posts by soeasy69

But, you missed a lot of tips & information man...

--- 帖子 #950 ---
I manually put this on the chart myself...  maybe you come from some place with a language barrier but you don't understand me here...

69

--- 帖子 #951 ---
What else can I say...  you want to trade with no chop?  Go trade the daily chart and forget scalping...  I look at this for fun...  I trade Daily charts...

69

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Yes I think that would be good to discuss CanuckCT, you are welcome to discuss it here I think it would be good for all traders here.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
C'mon...there must be some advice you can provide for when to trade and when to stand aside when scalping.

Here is chart that I would submit for starting a discussion. Is there anything obvious about it?

Well...we had a nice uptrend for the first part of the week....a reversal and finished right back where we started the week. What does this mean for next week....we'll see how it handles the low around 1.4812.

Throughout the week you could draw trendlines to represent what price might do to create a new trend, extend an existing trend...or range, while it decides what to do. No indicators can tell you this....it's pure price action. And I understand how the indicators help to pull the trigger...I use of version of FX-50 for M1. For M2, M5 and M15...it's pretty much pure price action.

So when you sit down to trade, before you do anything....load an M15 chart....zoom out and draw some trendlines...see if it helps you in your M1 trading.

It's near these threndlines that you start to get signals from systems. This is why sometimes price bounces for no apparent reason...and sometimes when you trade it turns immediately against you...cause you are doing exactly the opposite of the 5% who are getting it right.

It might be offtopic for scalping....but it does help to assess where the critical areas are and when you might be ranging and why. When you break these trendlines...the system signals are the ones you want to take.

Timeframe is M15 for GU for the week.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #954 ---
guess i call it a day today  almost 1000 pips

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hey lillelise,

If you are not going to discuss your indicator, why bother posting it. Not matter for me...but I know others have asked you about it and you ignore them.

I know you have something constructive to offer...why not discuss how you are trading and making those trading decisions that net you 1000 pips?

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Canuck,

LOL,

Are you serious, rofl, why are you asking demo traders about technicals.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Yes...you are right.  Silly me!

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #958 ---
For all of you who  Pm me about the indi on my charts.

those kind of  holygrails  doesnt excist..

its just something i made in 5 min  in photoshop.

to  show all you new guys..how easy it is to make false statements and so.

dont even trust a video of a live trade...its easy to make them false too.

all indis are lagging or repainting..and thats ok..

they can be a great help anyway   its just a question about probality.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Guys I'm getting the buy and sell signals, but have no clue what to make of all the indicators.

My screen looks like florescent mudd.

I'll do some more homework and give this another shot, but if anyone could post some tips and pointers in the meanwhile that would be greatly apprecated!

All the best

--- 帖子 #960 ---
I wish there was some sort of rule that kept people from making these claims.

If you really want to legitimize your trades, then drag and drop them from account history to your chart, where it will show your specific entries and exits.

If you will do this with the great "holy grail" indy... then we should see one long trade across your screen RIGHT????

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #961 ---
OHHH... so was an attempt at humor.  Glad we have you here to teach us photoshop tips.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #962 ---
was almost too good to be true

--- 帖子 #963 ---
hi lillelise,

your template seems nice. could you please send me your template with your indicators? i think holy grail ind was not sent before, right?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
lol even after you talk about the truth behind your chart. there still asking for it. Guess you can see who does not read the post

--- 帖子 #965 ---
part of the 95%....

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Man-O-man, when I found out your joke, I just about fell outta my chair laughing hysterically!!! You just made my day!!!

--- 帖子 #967 ---
nice with a laughf    to start the weekend..

--- 帖子 #968 ---
i just read your post, then send my message. but after then i kept up reading other posts... then see the joke but it was late

--- 帖子 #969 ---
that was an awesome joke man. well done. I think I might need to do something like that so that I can sell stuff LMAO. i do graphics for a living. However, I want to be able to soon trade for a living . by the way, out of curiousity, what did you do to get the profit in pips etc? just used the same font or just cut from another graphic?

also, glad to see you again f4mnect. take it easy guys, have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
For those who can't take the time to read the thread here is the Holy Grail

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Oh ....I was dreaming about my millionaire life next week.....Lol, Now I am back to normal weekend...

Good and valuable demonstration.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Thanks for your Guidance!

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Lillelise, you made me  good work !!!

you can be such an @%$# sometimes, but in reality you just show the BLUNT truth about what scammers or traders can do or doiing to make others believe of their trading success, it can be so easy to falsify results, The only thing that would be a non scammer or a trader speaking the truth is trading live 1on1 or in a group.

Fx50's community of experiences traders like here (theres a few only) that are nice enough to share there setups & experince to make others try/test them, there is NO HOLY GRAIL, the main reason traders lose is their own fault, get to learn a currency or 2 and learn the setup your comfortable with and you will be succesfull,

Newbies please read the thread, i made a guide not for nothing it will save you time

HERES THE GUIDES (theres a paperclip on top/right of this forum click it it helps)

Fx50 Guide v1
KinoGuides
Fxprimev2 Guide

** will do some updates soon **

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Hi,

Changed one setting in FXprime_V2a Final.mq4. This solved the repainting issue completely.

The good news is too that it outperforms FXprime_V2 Final.mq4 in every respect...... considering of course that you stick to the FX-50 system trading rules...... the same counts of course for the previous version.

It is now much more responsive for your entries. Exits however shouldn't solely be determined by the indicator.

John

Download it here again and overwrite it in your indicators file, if you have it already and recompile.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
max,

That is a hellava lota good work you've done there with these guides.

Excellant.

Thanks much.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Thanks maxzeus I appreciat your work on the guides.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
John,

Thanks for the update dealing with the repaint issue.

Good work there.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Thanks John, see guys these people care not just about themselves, but about the community we have here. And I appreciate all the help and time they have given......

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Cheers, John and Max with that kind of support many people will be helped here. Just so long as they put the effort in!

--- 帖子 #980 ---
oh man..sweet pic!! I think however, the grail isn't properly shown in the shot. I thought I would attach a more appropriate pic to show the grail and how it saves people. once you taste of the grail, you will be saved!

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Cool man thanks much better

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Good work....

--- 帖子 #983 ---
hi does someone have the critea's of the triggers on fx prime v2a so i can duplicate this or try to on VT platform

thanks

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Man oh man you need to get the HELL OUT OF THERE man!!!  CMS is the worst bucket shop in the Forex Broker Business!!!  Go to Oanda...  or FXSol...

69

Use Meta Trader 4 for charts man...  forget VT!!!    VT!!!

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Thanks for the nice comments guys,

i like doiing guides, it also helps me to understand more by creating them, so then i share them with everybody, i took it from all ressources here in this thread and the old one and tried to make it the most simplest possible for any newb to understand,i will update the guide with F4mnect CCI settings with the new SMA, most people are using the 89/21 now

FXP v2 F4 posted it, some can or may not follow it at least it gives an idea what was the creators intentions on the indicator, now thanks to people here changing the settings of v2 it will work properly better than the original, thanks to John, F4mnect, canuckCT, fxtrading24, flamenco and soeasy for his results postings  )

i still use v1 i like it better but i added version 2 on the bottom and compare signals, F4's and flamencos were better now i will try Johns new version.

cya later

--- 帖子 #986 ---
i have not dropped large money with them just tested the waters with mini 's

thanks for the advice

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #988 ---
It is programed on VT and you can find it on the forum. Chris did it for me. I have been running it on a demo and I am up 4000 in two weeks ( 100k lots).

I have programed V1 rules with 20 pip stop and 40 PT. Check it out. It is called RSI-CCI ( CD). Also CMS is as bad/good as rest. Don't worry

--- 帖子 #989 ---
thank you very much i'll check it out

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Soeasy please don't talk to members this way, I will not tolerate it and if you do it again I will ban you from this thread.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
hi guys i wanted to know if anyone trades on there mobile phone, because i want to know which indis you use using this system or what indis we can use ?

Mainly i think it would be

CCI 21
CCI 89
SMA30

But with the size of the LCD you cant really put to much is there alternatives ??? must be simple

PS i want to add to the Guide this is why im asking

Thanks

--- 帖子 #992 ---
LOL I know your intention from your last few posts!! I think is not right that SOEASY keep posting here about his winnings using V2, posting charts that happened hours ago and claimed he got in and made hundreds of pips. Is really misleading to those that new to this system. I have been following CD V1 since it started, then fx-50 and V2. I was doing well with V1, and still testing fx-50 and V2, do see the system is getting better with kino, JE, and others contributions; but still this is not going to be the holy grail.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
SOEASYis funny guy, he cant made a half of pips from his "statements" on demo LOL

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Hi maxzeus, I trade with my mobile but for longer TF's. I suppose scalping this system on a mobile can be done, but it will defeat the purpose of trading mobile for freedom. "MO".

Anyway using a EMA12c and EMA25c, give the same results of the CCI89/21 above or below "0"

Unfortunately you can not use custom indicators on a mobile, however you can overlay them in the same box, but I do not think the values will be correct.

IE. overlaying a CCI89 + CCI21 + SMA30 to create a similar looking window as on your computer might not give the EXACT same crossings.

M&M

--- 帖子 #995 ---
I have just plotted these. Personally I do not think it it suitable for mobile trading. EMA12c + EMA25c + SMA30c on the charts CCI89c Overlayed with a CCI21-firtsindicators data + SMA30-firtsindicators data DoubleCCI with SMA None of these gives the same entries nor exits, however the EMA's and SMA on the charts does look good.

Please take this the right way, I'm not a scalper. I do not have the B*LLS for it, I have been diligantly following this thread and the previous one downloading and experimenting. So in the light of that it might not look good to me as for a red-blooded scalper it might.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
I also would like to thank John and Maxzeus, very greatful. Have a Merry Xmas.

Regards,

email

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Merry Xmas everybody, happy holiday!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Good day...

A good friend of mine told me so many times to NOT waste my time in forums like this.  First of all,  I never claimed that I made a single pip using FX Prime V2 ok?  All I did was post pictures of actual setups from the right time of the day or night going by the rules of the author of this system.  I am a EOD trader  I don't use this system to trade ok...  You people have the wrong impression of me here and now after I show examples of huge winning trades now you talk down upon me.  Ask Anto about V2 and how to use it correctly we had a skype chat and I showed him winning trade signals and false entries with FX Prime V2...  all I did was show him exactly how to use it by the rules of the author.  First I give some Rock Solid Advice about CMS to a member here and I get threatened of being banned!!!   Now I have people talking BAD things about me here...  I am out of here...  Are you all happy now?

Good luck and good trading!

soeasy69

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Easy,

I, for one, would not like  it if you were to leave off this thread.

I have not taken your posts as actual trades taken by you. I've looked at them as potential trades that could have been acted upon.

In a perfect world it would be nice if their was someone to call out entries and everybody that wanted to could jump into the trade. We'd all be so happy.

Also, I was not offended by your caution of trading with a broker that has a rep as a bucket shop. One need only do a forum search over the FX networks to determine this is true.

Your input on the refinements to trading the extension of CD's system have been valuable.

Do stick around. If for no other reason than to keep some life in this thread as John Edwards, Canuck, F4, Max, etc. have done.

Good trading.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Good job maxzeus.

But I can not open Fx50 Guide v1.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
See if this link works for you. Should open up in Adobe Reader.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Alright guys, I downloaded the files (new FX 50), and read the guide (Thanks Max for that btw), however I'm suuper frustrated right now bc I can't figure out what indicators I really need and what I don't need.

Questions/areas of confusion:

1 - I'm only using this on the 1 min tf. So I haven't installed any of the 5 min indicators....is this correct?

2- The ccidoublewoody that comes in the zip file has pre sets to 14 and 6, while the guide has two different presents of 170 & 34, and 21 & 89. Which is correct? Also what about the one with RSI? which is the most valid?

I've found that if I change the original 'New FX50' settings to 21 & 89, they correspond the closest with the Heiken Ashi color changes

3- I found that a few of the indicaotrs give counter signals to one another ie: Bollinger squeeze V stock 513 vs double cc1

4 - I noticed my Kino all in one v2 has different color setups than the one in the guide.

I know I have a few more questions in the back of my mind, but I think for now this will do. Any help would be muuuuuuuch appreciated

On a final note....here's what my screen looks like....try not to laugh to hard

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
I am a new trader (1 year) and also a new user of MT4 platform which i have discovered can enable 1 to copy-paste and apply custom indicators. So my questions is those 3 attachments on your first posting are they all different indicators and templates ? because each file appears to have smthn and which time frame do they work best, and could you maybe show me a print screen of how a screen appears when the necessary indicators you advise finally appear. I have so far applied the template with the 3 dirrent M.A's

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Monster,

I will attempt to briefly answer some of your questions, I can assure you based on the pic you posted that you need to dial back on some of the indicators. Try to understand the basics of this system, after you have a grasp on the basics then add additional indicators one at a time to see if they enhance your trading.

1 - I'm only using this on the 1 min tf. So I haven't installed any of the 5 min indicators....is this correct?

The original system called for a double woodies CCI 170 & 34 on the 5min and 1min charts. A valid trade required the CCI 170 to cross before the CCI 34 on the 1 min chart, with the CCI 170 in both the 1min and 5min chart either above or below zero. Once the CCI 34 crossed in the direction of the CCI 170, you also need and RSI above 55 or below 45.

2- The ccidoublewoody that comes in the zip file has pre sets to 14 and 6, while the guide has two different presents of 170 & 34, and 21 & 89. Which is correct? Also what about the one with RSI? which is the most valid?

170 & 34 was the original, 21 & 89 is a latter modification. You will have to test which one better fits your still of trading. You will find various RSI settings from 14 to 8, again you have to do some work and determine what works for you.

I've found that if I change the original 'New FX50' settings to 21 & 89, they correspond the closest with the Heiken Ashi color changes

3- I found that a few of the indicators give counter signals to one another ie: Bollinger squeeze V stock 513 vs double cc1

once again some indicators will enhance the 170/34, while others work better with 89/21. Once again you have to do some testing.

4 - I noticed my Kino all in one v2 has different color setups than the one in the guide.

Kino is a great guy and kicks out indicators like an assembly line, and even have various revisions to specific indicators. Once again you must determine what works for you.

My last statement isn't meant to be mean or cynical, but becoming a successful forex trader requires a lot of work. Studying, technical analysis, and testing. Many times new traders, want to be spoon feed - it does nothing for your personal growth (now maybe you aren't a new trader, but an experienced trader should have no problems developing a logical approach to testing the information provided over the three individual threads). Even when someone gives most new traders a winning system they still lose money, why? A good system is just your edge, and one component of being a successful trader. If you don't understand the basic concepts behind the indicators and the system its unlikely that you will have continued success and we all dont process the same information in the same manner.

Start with just the HA candles, DoubleCCI, and RSI. Learn the interaction of these 3 indicators first and make adaptations from there.

This is just my opinion

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
I would suggest using this template I tested it all day Friday and mostly Saturday, to and came up with excellent results on my simulator. All thanks to f4mnect. Here is his journal.   Take a look at his journal you will learn alot on this system. I prefer it over v2. I think v2 has a way to go beferoe I would go live with it.  And again credit goes to f4mnect for this system he perfected.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Nice said Dallas.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
double lol monster, that is a frightening sight!! Waaayyyyyy to many indis. The generous advice from Dallas is spot on.

Also you should remember when scalping you need to react quickly so u only want (and need) a few good indicators to scan - not a screen full. Remember u should be checking price action, trend lines and your 5m too - add on 1 too many indicators and u have sensory overload and that's not good!!

steve

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Hi soeasy. It's not nice personally to have people talk bad about you but I understand it because I definately thought you were claiming to have taken these pips when u posted charts with thumbs up. You never ever said these were just for illustration. It is no surprise people thought u were giving a very wrong impression to newbies who might think all they needed to do was get V2 and count the money.

Secondly I would say your friend is WRONG because there is nothing greater someone can do in life than to help someone else out of the kindness in their heart. That is what this forum is all about and that's why it is free and commercial work is banned.

Cheers, Steve

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
fxtrading24,

Are we using this template from now on for discussion? I think your attached tpl missing SMA line at the CCI indi (i compared it with f4 journal current tpl).
Appreciate you can post example/picture on correct entry and exit with vertical line. I will conduct my testing ASAP, thanx.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Thanks for your input, i will test it on MT4 and see the accuracy, at least if it near it would not be bad at all

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
i am updating the guide to make it more simple, more based on F4's settings, with the options of other indis some of us tested that can work with fx50, but its all up to users preference

Try these indis for now and get to know them

CCI21/89 + SMA30 (has alerts included)
RSI8
Heiken Ashi on chart or my favorite MTF version (multi frame)
Guppy 34/55 (2x MA's)

after add other indis when your getting the feel of it

ciao

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Hi there....

CCI21/89 + SMA30 (has alerts included) ???

What type of alerts are you referring to ? I couldn't find one with alert when both CCIs break up/down the sma30...

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
where can i find the Heikin Ashi MTF version - its not in the paperclip on the rigth upper corner... thx for your help

regards

sten

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
maxzeus,

Thanx a lot, appreciate u can include few example on entry & exit in your pdf later on.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Excellent idea, just what this thread needs, some focus and a solid set of ground rules to digest and learn to the letter. I'm very much looking forward to this maxzeus

Maybe u can call it the FX-50 Bible? We all know the Holy Grail is mentioned in the Bible so there would be a place waiting for it at some point in the future should it ever turn up.

steve

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
i am new here, probably its a silly question, what does those purple dots represent here?

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Greetings,

Those dots are generated whenever the short CCI crosses the zero line, so that either CCI34, or CCI21 based on whatever system your using.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
I backtested FXPrime v1 and v2 both with the same exit CCI crosses 0 with the mt strategy tester.

My results show that the original v1 is the most profitable.

Main difference between the 2 systems is that v2 also takes trades where trend cci follows entry cci, whereas in the original v1 trend cci must cross 0 before entry cci.

V2 tries to compensate too many false signals besides other mechanisms with the ma-filter, that says, that an ma cross in trade direction should happen shortly before the trade. That improves the results of v2 without ever reaching v1 results. v1 results don't improve with such an ma filter.

I would recommend to trade original v1 with entry cci 34 following trend cci 170 and with one additional filter condition: trend cci should be > 100 for buys and < 100 for sells. This condition showed the best results.

A 89-21-cci-system turned out to be even less profitable than v2. I have not tested f4mnect's guppy bounces.

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
yes stick with vi I will redo Post one, once I get a few things finished, I will try for today

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
I have updated post 1

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
I checked out your new updated post. It looks nice but I bet you will receive a lot of confusing questions about the entry. Early entry, false entry and so on. For some reason I liked that first one better. But in the end everybody has to decide which system they trade.

D.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
That is something traders need to learn and all of us try different methods of entry and exits. Just trade on demos and see what works best for you as the trader.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
One thing I really appreciate in this thread is that there is so much help from all people despite some trouble makers from time to time. If you stay up to date with this thread it helps a lot.

D.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Ya derk there is allot of good info here, the only problem is I think all the excitement and hope everyone had with version 2 set us back a little.

That is why I posted the v1 with the mods from fxmnect and Kino and ? still seems to be the best.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Here is the trade simulator if anyone wants it.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
'So here is basicly version one, with some mods'

Whoaaaaa! That's a bit more than fxp V1 with some mods! It looks like a different system completely and is really isn't it? New indicators, inchart MA's, diff entry rules, more indicators need to allign, shorter periods on the CCI indi, use of bars plus candles.

I'm not complaining atall, really looking forward to seeing how this works, but this is a far more sophisticated system than fxprime. FX-50V1 I'll go along with that. Good work all involved. Lets trade this baby!!!

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
From my point of view the problem is that the shorter cci periods and other modifications of the original v1 system (trend cci may follow entry cci) don't result in higher profitability. As my backtest showed, the opposite is the case. So I would prefer to go back to original FXPrime v.1.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
But your exit strategy plays a huge parrt in profitability Chris, what wrere you using in the backtest? If it's the entry cci retouching zero then I think that has been shown to give back too many pips and S/R lines and price action (stalling say) are almost always better exit points. So with user exits this version could perform better - only real time live/demo trading would show.

Also with the 170/34 settings u can be waiting for hours to get a good signal while takeable pips fly by, sometimes hundreads. 170/34 works but u have to have hours and hours free to watch the markets.

BTW what IS the exit strategy and cci cross sequence is not now in the rules? Also is there a stop-loss amount rule?

Chers, steve

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
It is all in what you prefer Chris, with this hopefully we can catch more small trends. I am going to trade with it all this week and see how it performes. I did great with the simulator with this setup so I hop it does good live.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Hey all don't get me wrong I am still working on V2 to get it profitable, I will post it when I feel it is profitable and gets us in good trades.

It just takes allot of time to test different settings, and different market conditions.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
http://img132.imageshack.us/img132/7440/fx5010gl6.gif

Fxtrading,

Thanx alot for the example at post#1, appreciate very much if u can answer few questions.

A) First Entry;

1) Why take entry when 12/21 and 55 MA’s not cross yet? Is this a rebounce entry? What is the rule for rebounce?

2) Why take entry at Dark Red (Maroon Red)? According to the rule we need to take entry at Bright Red right?

3) Exit when candle turn to white right?

4) “You have better chances of good entry if the ZLS is below the 0 line”. Where is 0 Line, I can only see 50 line at ZLS chart?

B) Second Entry;

1) Why take entry when 12/21 and 55 MA’s not cross yet?

2) Why take entry at Dark Red (Maroon Red)?

C) Can I take entry at the red line? Is this a valid entry? I think this entry follow the new rules.

Merry Xmas & Happy Holiday Everybody

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
1st..want to thank fxtrading24 for the effort and making noob like me has a different perspective in scalp..

Point taken there wear....i also need an answer for that..

1)for entry..logically if the chart is moving..we'll never know either the next histo bar will be dark or bright red..or is there anything we over look for an entry?

2)also wish to know about the rebounce rules..

thnx

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
1M bouncing can be easily regconise using belows setting:

1) Storch RSI

2) BOL 18

3) Tor ADX

Buy condition:

1) Closing pprice bar is crossing over BOL lower band

2) closing price is lesser then opening price(it means RED bar)

3) buy when previous Storch RSI <=1 and current previous Storch RSI > 1

4) ADX for 5M showing BUY (blue)

exit when Storch reach 70 or up to your own judgement.

SL always 20 pip for EU.

Sell condition is vice versa.

sample screen:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Siobi,

've been looking for this type of ADX for a while, thought I might have to write one myself; now I dont.

Thanks

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
hi guys, I have waching U from some time & have tested this system from 2-3 mounths and yes it's very profitable I follow the rules posted in thread #1 and I'm ok with it but if U dont mind I would like to sugest something  there is no indi that can show us hidden diverg something as momentum or else but I think that such a thing would be helpfull in 5M chart for finding a false signals... any way this is a realy good system and I'm happy that I have found it and U make it better wish U all the PIPS ... happy holidays...

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hi, i'll have a quick go at answering some questions but might not be spot on...

[quote=wear;2433121]http://img132.imageshack.us/img132/7440/fx5010gl6.gif

THEY HAVE CROSSED SOMETIME EARLIER SO THEY ARE IN THE >CORRECT SEQUENCE< FOR A SHORT

THE VERTICAL AXIS OF THIS INDI IS DYNAMIC HOWEVER I'M ALSO HAVE TROUBLE FINDING LINES BELOW ZERO IN PREVIOUS CHARTS.

YOUR FIRST EXAMPLE THE 12 HASN'T CROSSED 21. IT DOES ON NEXT CANDLE BUT BY THEN ENTRY CCI IS ABOVE -50 AND HEADING NORTH.

SECOND ENTRY LOOKS GOOD.

Sorry about caps lock.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
just my thoughts on that chart.

#1 Trade, was taking a long time to set up, Pretty choppy I would have waited on a better signal, but with a 20 pip stop

in place was a profitable trade.

#2 Trade, Nothing wrong with that trade, Not a trade

I look for But nothing wrong with it.

#3 Trade, Trade I look for and would have taken,

0 line reject on the double CCI

#4 Trade, Trade able but Trend CCI showing that

It's losing strength, might have waited on pulling trigger,

But trade able and with 20 pip stop, turned profitable.

#5 Trade, Trend CCI still showing that the down move

losing strength, But a good signal and if I took it would

have been a straight 10 pip scalp.

Just how I would have been following that exact chart,

for what that's worth.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
1 more thing, I watch 4 charts at a time, 4 different currency's. But i'm scanning the 4 and picking the 1 or 2 that will get my attention. here's the gbp/usd and the eur/usd Double CCI next to each other as they sit right now. which one are you going to focus on and why. I did take 1 trade off of those 2 cci's also(for +30 pips).

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
hi dallas I wonder do you need the indicator?

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Have only been working on 1 pair cable so far and tho it's frustrating waching just one pair, waiting and waiting and usually missing the entry (!) I am learning. Just took -10pips and +30pips over a few hours and 5r trades so getting there slowly.

With these two charts fx the G/U is showing a trend reversal which  u have just missed - but I know u like playing the 0 bounces so maybe u would be watching this. The E/U is showing a gently reducing down trend which may cross over to an uptrend. Perhaps one to check in another 10mins?

And a question for you - are u just watching the double cci's - or price action too?

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
chart on left, gbp, weak, 21 cci choppy, no strength we maybe setting up a trend change but i'll wait on strength and try to get a bounce if everything cleans up. chart on right, eur, showing much more strength and commitment to the short side, I took the eur bounce in the middle of the screen shot. I wasn't specifically wanting whats going to happen next. was showing you a screen shot the CCI over all and why I would be more focused on the eur than the gbp. after the gbp proves itself. I may start watching it, but at that time she hadn't shown me much of anything, while the eur was showing some commitment to the short side and more stability. But I can see what your saying steve, just not how I like to trade this. I really try to stay away from picking at tops and bottoms, I really like the 2nd signal of a move.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
f4 as well as the four pairs u watch do u pay attention to oil/gld/dow atall or not? I've been drawing in trend lines for gld with a bit of sucess over trend turns at S/R lines but things can get complicated when u are trying to second guess the G/U reaction to say a large swing on gld

cheers

btw what u say about strength being shown on long cci is a great reminder that this indi does more than just signal an entry.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
there are times that works and times where they have little or no affect at all on each other. So yes I will check what there doing, I'll check what ever markets open at time, to see if there is any strong bias, see what oil and gold are doing. But I trade my charts, Looking at the other things( Stock market, oil, gold) just to give me a over view on whats going on around me. But really no matter what they are saying, I won't argue with price or the direction a currency's moving.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Nope,

I found it on the site.

But Thanks!!!

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Very good point, in someways it's not so important what makes the fx pair move, as much as just that it does move and that our indicators will show trend patterns we can trade. I think that is especially true for scalping with it's short in/out nature. Will still keep up my gld chart to see if it helps in regard to major S/R correlating with stalls in price action on the fx.

cheers

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Hi guys!

I'm a bit confused, when we use the 6,12 EMA and 50 SMA on fxprime v2 do we use shift of 5 ? and if so why do we need that shift?

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
But you don't want to see those nice setups instead you want to see the BAD ones and here they are...

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
IMHO!!!

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
I got a question on one indicator and how to change a few things.

The indicator is the DoubleCCi-with_SMA. When I go into the color setting windows and change the width of the bars, save the template and then reload the template, the width is back to the original. How can I change the indicator so that the setting stays at 1 or 0 for example?

Thanks D.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
If you tell me what you want changed I will change it for you or at least give it a try. It has to be done in the code

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
The highlighted sections of the indicator from 2 that is standard I think to 1 or 0 in the width section. I pasted pics so that you can see.

D.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Here you go these are set to 1

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Thanks for the indicator. I tried it and it was not quite what I wanted. Does not matter now. I changed it myself and works fine now.

Thanks for the help.

D.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Ok good

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
don't know this indicator lol

is it mine with changes  ?

kino

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
???? It got it from f4connects thread. I just changed the lines for Dirk

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
ok i see it's one that F4 asked me CCI with SMA

lol forex is a little family , i love that !

hi Soeasy i'm glad that you're still in this thread

kino

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Any experienced trader with advice for FX-50 for the Holidays?

"Just say No"?

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
ya...  I decided to post a few more charts...this time I will post the false entries and the winning entries...  and NO I am not trading this in Demo or Live so please nobody assume this...  I think that FXP V2 is better than V1 because of its simplicity!!!  V1 you have so may indiactors to look at and now some of you have added even more to the fire...  in the end all that will do is create a colorful Christmas Tree on your chart!  V2 is so simple and the filter on the bottom is 5 in 1 ...  so...  Your choice but I think you're all wasting your time with V1...  But in all honesty ...  DO YOU REALLY WANT TO MAKE HUGE PIP COUNTS???  Trade the Daily and forget the scalping theory...

IMHO!!!

69

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
SOEASY,

there are several fxprime v2's already on the thread. I can't figure out which you're using. can you re-post your indicators and template with settings so I can have my charts look like the ones you post and include the MA's and your criteria. thanks and sorry for being a bother.

fw

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Which Daily system do you follow or do you have your own??

Thanks

Mombone

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
hello friend, like is possible that in fx prime final v2  indicator sees a strip and a row of points is seen? thanks

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Over a year of forex trading I tried many countless daily systems; paid or free from forums, but none worked regardless of complexity or simplicity.

As a matter of fact I tried all time frames in MT and found out that 1 min scalping works better for me and many others that dont have the wealth to trade without huge stops. I would definitely love the Daily system idea. 10 times more pips and less time in front of the pc. Let us know what Daily system you trade.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
hi ,

may i know which is the actual v2 indicator referred to in the manual? i have the following versions:

fxprime_vtest.mq4

FX Prime V2.mq4

FXprime_V2 FinalOne.mq4

thanks for the advice

Sat

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Just go look for it...  adjust your time to trade from 3:00AM Est to 6:00AM ESt  and from 7:00AM ESt to 12:00 EST noon.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Sorry but I will never post my system... as i can't from the author...  sorry...

69  But the key to the bank is the Daily TF...  all the big traders trade it...  small traders trade the M1 like in this thread...

69

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Not that i am bragging here but the system i use to date has made 12,000 pips in 6 month's I know now all of you are going to say that I am a Liar...  But I don't lie....  I hate liars...  sorry cannot share the system so please don't ask...  Yes I use huge mother F**KING Stops...  300 to 500  pip stops in order for my trades to breathe and win...  look at a clean Daily chart and you will see the 500 to 1000 pip tiny trends which looks like the M1 over a few hours...  but on the Daily it's just over a few months instead...  You all can do it trust me...

69

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
scalping is popular for beginner....

make fast money... less knowledge....

also higher risk....

so, that is why we need some EA for scalping system...

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
1 min 5 min 1h 4h daily  - scalping day trading swing trading

all works its a matter of discipline and good money management

there is no definite answer if a system is right or wrong, you decide what you want to make out of a system and decide how to trade it

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
SoEasy,

This is a question I just have to ask after weeks of seeing you post this stuff. My simple question is why???? Please dont take this as an attack, but I just dont see any logical purpose behind it. You admit that you don't trade either V1 or V2 live - so what is the purpose. Granted everyone has an opinion, but this thread is about instruction and instruction implies execution, and showing moves after the fact, that were never executed has very little instructional value, IMHO. But hey, I can be wrong because I also believe that demo trading and back testing also has limited value.

My mantra is if you think something works, than start loading up 3 lot or lot equivalent shots on a live account, you will figure out very quickly whether the system works for you or even has potential.

The fact the you don't trade this system either live or demo gives your opinions even less merit. Please don't take this as an attack, because it isn't your probably a very good trader and trade a very strong system. I would just like to see this thread get back on track and less of the worthless fluff.

This is getting to be like an ABCD promotional record, you openly take every opportunity to promote him and his system - yes both systems have merit I will be the first to admit it, but can we just move on (its getting old).

As to the question of which system is best you nor anyone else will really know whether V1 or V2 is better in their opinion until they trade both of the systems live. Other then that its an opinion, like me stating that Euro will hit 1.1500 within 7 days ( not so but it could be my opinion). The fact that you openly admit that you don't trade either system demo or live makes you the most unlikely candidate to be offering advice on these systems.

I would never go into a thread and repeatedly post captures and or give opinions on a system that i admittedly do not trade!!!!!

Hey maybe I'm wrong for addressing this, but I just have a hard time getting my head around the motive for your postings and it just seems backwards to me, your post are clearly not instructional, publicity maybe, instructional not!

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
I agree dallas

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
well said dallas

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Hey siobi,

Can you combine your prime EA with your non trending EA! Make it auto sensing so it switches between the two as the market conditions change.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
ya dallas,

I'm doing ...

integrating Prime EA V1.05 to my new siobi Strategy....

so both can cater for Trending and non trending market!!!!

but recently my V106 Prime FX getting lots of false signal... might need to tune a little bit....

will pst the EA once completed....

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
A few good wins for a few good traders...

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
I show the trades for you all to see as plain as day...  from 7:00 AM EST in North America Time!  The trades are by the rules of the author that CD guy!!!  Which I have aboslutely nothing to do with!!!  I am finished with posting these true trade examples...  all you guys probably think you're doing some valaid entry when you have a gazzillion indicators on your chart and all you have to look at is the FXP V2  3 simlpe ma's and a green or red bar at the bottom of your chart ~ so simple man...

This time for sure I am out of here...  I won't waste your time anymore here ok...  bye bye!!!!!!!!!!!!!

69

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
I have banned soeasy69 he is causing conflicting problems on this thread. And has been rude to other traders, and I guess you all know what else he has done. And he is wasting our time.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Let him trade his own daily system that works with 500 pips stop losses.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Thank god soeasy has been banned! About time too!

I can't believe he has come out with 'I don't trade this sys OR even scalp but day trade' WTF?!?

WHY was he here then? As Dallas so rightly said he was causing much confusion and not even interested in trading FX-50 - or what anyone else said! I guess he's just on an 'I'm a better trader than you' ego trip.

Come on everyone lets KEEP IT REAL.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Merry Xmas soeasy!

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Yep

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Well,

He may be gone but I have to respond to this claim, surely the postings made by soeasy are not plain as day, why?

First many of the trades he displays are unexecutable because they incur 50 to 100 pip drawdowns!!! Now my approach might be different, but as a live account scalper I'm looking for 12 to 32 pips on each trade and generally trade 3 lots closing a lot at 12, 32, and 52 pips if I'm very lucky. So why in the heck am I going to repeatedly expose myself to on average 80 pip drawdowns pushing 3 lots? How am I suppose to know which of these drawdowns will pan out and which ones wont?

I trade with a 15 pip stop loss on the euro, and 20 G/U - so 80 pip drawdowns are unacceptable to myself and most other scalpers I know.

New traders do not buy this garbage, these trades are unexecutable live, unless you have plenty of money to burn or balls of steel!

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
That is soooo true Dallas with the way this market has been the past few month's I keep tight stops and very careful with my trades. It can have a 80 pip swing in seconds.

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
fxtrading24,

That's okay. This FX-50V1 is a kick ass method. Better to keep the approach to trading it on track. Lot's of positive input is better than a, shoulda- woulda-coulda  approach any day.

Thanks for staying with this project.

Cheers to all.

Cliff

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Absolutely correct. He is obviously used to sustaining huge drawdowns but trying to scalp without tight stops is probablly a very bad idea. I would say however that the trades he posted always went in favour straight away which means no actual account draw down on an open trade but instead having 100pip trailing stops.

BUT... having said that he has posted SELECTIVELY. He hasn't posted all the bad trades and I bet there would have been many and if he does open/suggest to open positions with 100pip stops then his 200 and 400pip good trades would been eaten away very quickly on the bad trades.

A joke of a way to trade this system which has not been designed and takes no account of 100pip stops.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Hey guys, not sure if you remember me, but I posted the indicator overload last week. Photo 1 (LOLOLOLOL)

Well the VERY next day I found someone from a signal service that had the FX-Prime system - call it coincedence, or just a reeeeeaaalllllly small world. So I decided to give that a shot.

The install, was a million times easier (less indicators, and templates), but the main thing that through me off with this fx-50 thread was that I thought fx-50 and fx-50 v2 were the same systems....but they're 2 sets of files! - you guys should state that in the first post.....bc I thought u had to download both, and install everything...

anyways, I've been testing the fxprime, but haven't had too much luck with it, I keep jumping in on crappy trades, and miss the good ones. The guy that sent it to me said it's because the market is rangy and it does best during break outs and trends. Here's a pic of one I missed this morn.(photo 2) I also don't trade it during the times it says to in the video/manual......does it make that big of a deal???

So I'm here, I haven't gone anywhere, and I'm gonna figure this baby out, and me and a cpl other dudes r gonna try trading it together so he can teach us...if anyone can recommend and inidicators that compliment the stock fx prime ones let me kno...

I'll let u kno how the results unfold, though I don't think I'll be able to see its true potential until the new yr.

Peeeace!!!

and thanks!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Hi monster,

'V2' is just an indicator that is added onto FX-50/fxprime. V2 is not yet a full part of FX-50 it is still in test stage so u should really remove it completely. Your first chart also has way too many indicators. All u need is double cci and an rsi to begin with, then add indis one at a time and see if they help. And u should use s/r lines and fibs for direction.

good luck, steve

suggest 21/89 cci and 8 rsi.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Thanks 4 All Ur In Input Into This Thread Many Thanks Goes 2 Kino,john,fxtrading24,to Say But Few.and B/4 I Say Merry Xmas Do Any 1 Hav A Copy Of Fxprime V2 Filter  4 Me?

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
it's all ready been posted a few times in this thread and the old thread

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
click the attatchment 'paperclip' at top of this page u will see a list it will be in there.

happy xmas back.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Here is the filter

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Learn V1 is much more reliable if you trade by the rules. V2 is a good system, but you need some trading experience to avoid losses.

In the old V1 thread RonaldRaygun made an ea that most used for signals. I still use it since I trade from work and I can't be watching my laptop at all times. I am not an ea programmer, but I changed its original settings (170-34) to 89/21 that most of us are using now. Download the ea and install in your MT Experts folder, then drag it to your chart and set it to: Signals Only: True - Alerts: True - Play Sounds: True - Use Times: False

You can leave the other settings as they are or change them as you please. You can even let it trade for you or close the trades, but I wouldn't recommend it.

Again, don't just trade any signal and try not to trade when market is moving slow or ranging.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Hi All

Just want to tell you that what you here in this thread call FxprimeV2, is not the same as the one CD was selling.

I am one of those who bought it and there is really huge diff. in the way they react to the marked when I put them up together.

But back to this thread I really want say thanks to all those traders who really make progress with Fx 50 system

And finally merry christmas to everyone here.

May the pips go your way.

regards

Fratelli

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Can you post a screen  shoot of your chart.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
here a new indicator

with SMA , EMA versus Close Candle

MACD 12 26 9   versus Zeroline

CCI1 & CCI2      versus Zeroline (or else)

ADX                 UP  or Down and > limit (25 or else)

RSI 8 or else      and limits 45 & 55

i give you the mq4 i have made 10 minutes ago

you can easily change the values for your convinience

Kino

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Thanks Kino you the man

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
it's Christmas soon , hope some of you will appreciate this indy

beautiful isn't it ?

kino

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Fratelli,

We have known that the final settings in the official release were different for weeks; I stated this when I posted the zip for the actual V2 release in the old thread. In fact, in the released filter all the actual settings cant be viewed and are not accessible. Now as far as performance goes I'm in no position to state what is or isnt better because I havent performed an in depth comparison involving actual trades between all of the filters on a live account.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Kino we appreciate all your indis, and all you help.
Merry Christmas Kino

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Hi

Here is a screenshot with the"original" and the one you posted.

fxprimeFilterV2 is the original

regards

fratelli

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Thank's frateli

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
This is V2a downloaded from one of these threads and is much closer to the original then the one you posted.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Does anybody knows what this means? Would be very helpful.

It's an error message I get in the Terminal - Expert window.

FX_Sniper's_SideWinder_Overlay GBPUSD,M1: zero divide

D.

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
LOL,

Hey the stealth indicator looks better then them all!!!!!!

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Dirk,

Try opening a new chart with no other indicators and add sidewinder to it. It may not make a difference because I am suspecting that you have another indicator in the indicator folder thats inteferring with sidewinder.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Thank you Kino !!I am a little confuse with the colors, Does Green equal overbought, or is it just a buy signal ?

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
hi there, can any one upload the EA that RonaldRaygun  created

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Thanks for the tip. I think I'll try to find that one that is interferring over the holiday's and kick it out.

D.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
BlindMonk,

Look in post 1099...is there.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Just Dclick the attachment paperclip for the thread and go almost to the end of the list, and you will find all three EA's, they are named canadian_dude.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
as per attached screen....

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Thanks Kino, u made my day!

Best Rgds & Merry Xmas 2u & everyone here!

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Can someone plz tell me what are the setting of the 3 ma's 50, 6,12?

Do they have a shift of 5 like mine do for some reason from one template i downloaded from here?

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
...............

for each indicator macd , cci , sma etc... and each TF

green is abobe (zero or close or limit you can fix)

red is below

for RSI & ADX :

when color = yellow  >> the conditions are not good ;examples :

ADX is under value 25 (or else) yellow , if green = buy , red = sell

RSI is in the (zone 45/55) : yellow , if green = buy , red = sell

kino

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Hello All

Happy Holidays!

Where do you find the Stealth LCD indicator?

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Here it is...but I'm not sure what is good for

Marry Christmas all.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Happy Holidays to all and may next year be a big success for all.....

fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Warm wishes for the holidays to all!  Looking forward, with unbridled anticipation, to the new year (torn between celebrating the holidays & wanting some volume to trade FX-50 with , after the 1st ).  Hoping for success for all of us!  Thank you for allowing me to share in this community.

Dion

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Merry Christmas Everybody

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Merry Christmas.

And may 2009 be the best year yet to us all.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Merry Christmas and Prosperous Pips New Year

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Merry Christmas Everybody,thank You For This Thread!

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Ho HO HO, Merry Christmas everyone!!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I know I am going to get flack for this post bit it may be worth it.

Note how the breakout is much easier to notice with the channels.

This system is the Sonic R 15 TF but it uses the cci indicator, well the Roadmap Version does. Just wondering if incorporating the 3 white channels would help the FX50 system.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=114792

http://img234.imageshack.us/img234/5802/sonicrmj8.jpg

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Thanks.
Merry Christmas To You!

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
hi Dallas,

the combine EA had done.... in testing now....

next week gonna realease ...

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Kino: love the indicator. Thanks.

Dirk: Zero divide, I am told, means there is not enough history to process.

Scroll backwards on the chart for about half a mile, and the history will load.

Glenn

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=139685

will have full test next week ....

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Siobi,

Great, I'm very excited about the possibilities.

Dallas

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
HO HO HO ! will try this out for fresh 2009

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
where is that ea that  ronraygun wrote ?  and has anyone  had success with it? did you have to modify it  any  ? also ive never used a  ea  so is it diffucult to make it work?  thanks

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
MERRY CHRISTMAS & PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR to all.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Merry X-mas!!!

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
yo soy de españa. tu tienes que escuchar al camaron de la isla.

saludos

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Excuse my asking but what is happening when your broker only allows you to use charts with an "m" at the end of the currency pair.  I noticed that the spread is much wider than when the "m" is not there.  Is there a reason behind this, my broker is IBFX.

I will appreciate your input on this issue.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
M means mini account, ibfx does not have fixed spreads so that means spreads can change and go up during high volatility markets, such as news, and very high volume. The m has nothing to do wit it other than it means mini account.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Happy Holidays!

And Thousand of Pips Next Year!!!!

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Hi,

i like your chart. can you post what is the mva and down indicators.

Please can you tell me the settins.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
see post #105

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
The indicator is no longer working.

Is any of you getting this message instead "Outdated Version: Contact fxsniper@gmail.com ?

Do any of you have the working updated version?

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
this ones off my chart and its working as I type this:

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Forexweasel, I deleted mine and installed yours, but still getting the "outdated version" message.. Thx anyways!!!

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
I wrote to this email address once and got an error back. I think he is no longer online under this email address.

D.

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Just found this thread and have been reading thru it.  I have traded for a while, unsuccessfully, but totally enjoy the hunt in scalping.  What time do u all start trading... London Open, NY time...  I would like to get back to good scalping again (tied up with one who cost me an account.. my fault tho...  i could have said 'no')  and would like to visit u all for a while.  Do u all have a chatroom, and if so, what is the cost to associate?

also, what are the mainstay indicators u all use together...

thanks

Mack

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
hi all

just wanted to wish you all Early Happy New Year 2009

anyways im here my 2 trades i did in 4 min made 15 pips + 9 pips, also my setup is clean now, i could of let it run , i usually exit at the 100 cross or the CCI21 / SMA crosse but was to anxious

i follow F4's rules with the DoubleWoodyw/SMA +alerts i always wait for the 2 CCI to be over 100, i also use some of the old indis. i have the MTF Heiken Ashi on the bottom rather than the chart version makes it to messy, most of the time i wait for 1min / 5 min showing same trend, i still use the RSI8 (kinos version), i have MA12 + MA34 + MA55

PS> My Guide is almost finished, will post this week, did'nt have much time on my hands, blame the holidays

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Doh!!! mine also says outdated now too!!! oh well

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
There is an easy fix guys for the sidewinder problem.

Here is the fixed one. If this still doesn't work, let me know.

D.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Here is the sidewinder that will work. Same as original but works.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Tried both and it only crashed the whole mt4 application whenever i drag it to my charts... Tried all different ways and no success.

Dunno what happened.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
I don't know eather, but it works on alpari and ibfx plattforms on mine, did you reboot your computer.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
I work with FXDD, both live and demo. I also demo on IBFX and the sidewinder still doesn't work on either one. It's ok, I think I can do fine without it. Many thanks for your help!

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
OK. Here is how I changed the sidewinder expiration date.

When you have your sidewinder in the MT4 application, you open up the MetaQuotes Language Editor and select the sidewinder. Then you scroll down until you see the picture below and change the year that is set from 2006 to whatever date you want (2010 and up). Then you close it and save it and it should work.

D.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Dirk, That worked! Thanks for the help and hint!!!

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Your Welcome.

D.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
will you please post the indi with mq4 thanx

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Look on the top right there is a paperclip, all the attachments of this thread is there,

Anyways, i did a modified version with the date changed to year 2020 and i put the bars larger, so at least we can see them

oh and thanks Dirk for the fixe

Attached File(s)   FX_Sniper's_SideWinder_Overlay.mq4

4 KB
|
1,257 downloads

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
great thanx

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
thanks for the input as to why the indicator didn't work.

am now trying to modify it and change the year, however fxpro doesn't seem to want me to modify it.  will not give me the tool.

i am not a really bright techy,  i do know some, like how to turn on the puter... work the light switch...

how do i get in to modify the year... thanks

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
found it... had only half loaded over...

now that it is up, are there instructions to this thing?

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
does anyone know where i can find the mq file for this indi Attached File(s)   Stealth_LCD_V10.ex4

3 KB
|
614 downloads

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
here ya go

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
...............

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
I have been busy but now I have some time to work on fxprime v2. I am going to have a 5 minute and a 1 minute version. So if the 5 minute has no signal then you don't trade the 1 Minute.  This should filter out more bad trades. I will post it when I am done with it. Oh and ya it is FREE.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
hi,

has anybody encountered a situation where the indicators are greyed out in the custom indicator pulldown menu? I have been using these indicators without a problem earlier but lately they are greyed out. i've tried reloading the indis to no avail . apprecaite any advice.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
I think your problem is that you have to many indicators in your file. Delete the ones you don't need anymore and you will see the others reappear.

D.

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Which indicators are you having problems with.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
whats different to-v10 ???

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
What I noticed if I may, is that the v10 is a newer version and more accurate than the v2. I tested both for a while and kicked v2 out.

D.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
nickmead do you have the mq file for the stealthv10 i am trying widen the bars and need mq file to do so

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
I got a general question. Is there any way to take a ex4 file and turn it into an mq4 file?

D.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
i like it olso  ...waitting

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Yes there is google it and put in decompile ex4 and there is people that can do it for you. Which ex4 file do you need done.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
No unfortunately I dont.  I will keep my eye out

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
I checked it out on google for the decompile ex4, it's expensive software.

If I have some to decompile, I let you know.

D.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
When you have a lot of indicators in your file that you want to keep the only way I have found is to load the indicator using navigator which will show the complete list.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Have you tried, view>navigator, and then custom indicators....

This should work.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Thaaaanks fxtrading24 ....GREAT EFFORT ...really much appreciated..cant wait

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
no change

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Did you let them run side by side?

Maybe it just works better for you. For me personally it does not.

D.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Anyone spot a Long or short entry that failed to make at least a couple of pips on this 1 min TF, signaled by the Green or Red dots?

This indicator looks great at getting in and out.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
heres what your looking for, also it has an alert, i was testing the FX_Trend but like this one i find its better, i just use it to give me an idea when the trend is ending or may end, instead of using the I-Trend,  trying  to keep my chart window clean

Attached File(s)   SHI_SilverTrendSigAlert.mq4

4 KB
|
1,020 downloads

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Thanks. It's working now

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Thanks but, I have been using this for a while.

I was just making a suggestion and not asking for the indicator.

Yeah, I also just use it as a wake up call.

Good one though.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
This is my trade.
I will very appreciate comments about this trade, Entry point and possible exit strategy.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
I've been following the forum here since 'the name that shall not be spoken' was pushing his thing. I am a serious newb and am trying to figure out how to plug in the values on page 1. I use Interbank fx demo account. Appreciate it. Happy New Year.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
after unzipping file open ibfx in windows explorer install templates (tpl extensions) in templates folder and everything else in indicators.

restart ibfx

I use fxdd but it should be similar or the same

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
I am wondering if any is using Kinos "Buy_Count indicator". I see there is two version, V3 & V4. Can anyone tell me what the difference of the two versions and which one is more widely used?

Thanks,

RC

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Does anyone have a good Saddle EA which closes one pending order when the other goes active?

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Cleartrade,

I think you probably mean a straddle EA, When you straddle a ranging market with 2 orders, 1 above and below, waiting to see which one breaks. Search this forum with key words "straddle EA" at search site at the top of page, and you will find several.

Enjoy,

Sir Viver

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
does anyone here in the forum have any written info on the QQE?

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Hey Guys,

I post a indicator that would be familiar with most of you that we just shortly discussed. The indicators are the " Stealth LCD V10.ex4 and the Stealth BUY SELL V10.ex4". I looked around and could not find the .mq4 file for either of them to modify a few things. But what I found was a different file that I compiled and this one combines both indicators and you can modify them as you please. As you can see on the pic below, the blue/yellow is the LCD v10 and the red/lime is the BUY SELL V10. The best settings I found are 50/34/3. You also can try 50/21/3, but I think the first one is better, but try it out yourself. (Ohh yeah, before any questions come, lime/blue signals up and red/yellow signals down.)

Any questions, you know where to find me.

D.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
What indy is that that paints red and green on chart between MA??

Thanks

Mombone

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Somehow I had a feeling that you guy's going to ask me about this one.

The name is MA ribbon filled. I post a pic with my settings. If you want it different, just change it to your behalf.

D.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Thanks  Don't know how good it is but it looks cool!!!

Mombone

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Forgive me guys but can someone tell me what exactly is the function and purpose of the Stealth LCDv10 or lead me to the post which explains it?

I'll appreciate your response.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
The LCD and Stealth indicators are part of a system that is for sell. Why they are being posted in public I have no idea. Dirks is fine but the rest are not public indicators.

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
hi all

someone asked me HK ashi smoothed with histo  =

"i have a request which i think can improve the system that you guys are working on - well maybe make it better visually. Its regarding the HEIKEN ASHI SMOOTHED indicator. Is it possible for you to code this indicator so that it can be placed under the candlestick graph instead onto the graph itself? Basically just like all your other indicators, especially the one that looks like a histogram (for eg. Kino_Buycount_v4). So all that needs to be done is change the heiken ashi smoothed indicator to show up as a histogram. Then we can manually change the MaMetod1, MaPeriod1, MaMetod2 and MaPeriod2 to whatever we like, whenever!  "

...

don't think it's better or improve the system but ...

(i don't use this system lol)

attached here+screen

you can put another TF

zero =the tf you are in ,  1 = TF1min , 5 = TF5  ; 15 = 15min

kinonen

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Here is a excel worksheet I made over the holidays.  You can adjust pip goal, risk and withdrawals.  Instructions are included.

enjoy

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Hey Kino,

Is there are possibility to somehow show the strength of the HA indicator in your chart? (You know with yellow colors or so?) I'm not even sure if this would be possible at all.

D.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
It sure looks like CCI(89) with yellow line as zero line. Could we put also CCI21 up there

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
here's a 89/21 ma ribbon

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Thanks Nick, hears to allot pips comming our way.

Happy New Year Everyone!

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Once again, Excellent work!! Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Only posting these files to add links to my Guide

Daily Data v2 = Spread / Price / Pips to Open / HI-Low / Daily Ave. (really good indi can place into another indcator window lots of settings)
StatMonitor_1.1 = Spread / Swap / Volume
TickSpread_Value = Simple Tick Spread Value

EXAMPLE (below of Daily Data v2 n StatMonitor)

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Kino,

Thanks for the indicator.  It's great....

I think this is my first post ever, having been a member for a while now.  Here's a little different version of Kino's multi indicator.

I took out the ADX and put in HAS(Heiken Ashi Smoothed) and instead of the SMA, i replaced it with Trend which will tell you when the 13EMA>21EMA && the 21EMA>55EMA.

If it helps, great.  If not, ignore....

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Thanks, Syracuse.  I like it.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Stealth did not make that indicator. FX Sniper made it.

They took it,their name on it and sell it.

Like most other systems you see for sale they normaly come from free stuff on TSD

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
really, ok. I never knew. Thanks for the info

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Do you just use a plain vanilla CCI and stochastics or do you have specific ones that are part of the download files for the FX 50 Version 1?

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Well we need to keep this thread alive so here is my 2 trades i just did on EUR/USD using Fx50 system  using the bounce strat, dont bother with the bottom FXP v2a Final i m not using it, just comparing the signals, my goal is 30-50 pips a day i just did it in 20 min

+23 pips

+37 pips

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
I'm in on a +30 pip trade right now.  I'll start posting my trades if thats what you guys want

But I'm just using the fx prime system + the double woody and the rsi.

It doesn't work 100% of the time, but the trades that do pull through make up for all the losses of the crappier trades and then sum.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Hey, guys...

do any of you know how to program an audible/popup alert for the T3 RSI, when the rsi line crosses the T3 line?

That is my main indicator now so an audible alert would be great... been working quite well for me on a live account.  I use a 100 period T3 and if the T3 crosses on the same bar as a 5/12ema cross (or no more than 2 bars away) then I take the trade.  Exit at the next T3 cross.  I also have 21 and 50 emas on the chart to show the larger trend (love that ma ribbon filled indicator!), but don't use it for entries or exits. (I have two filled ma ribbons, one with 21/50 ema's and one with 5/12 ema's and an indicator with arrows to show when the 5/12ema's actually cross)

If the T3 crosses several bars before or after a 5/12ema cross then it's not a good signal.  The T3 line also gives a good indication of trend depending whether it's above 55/below 45 and starting to go the other way.

I've also noticed that when e/u and g/u are going well, the yen crosses are choppy and vice versa, so I trade the e/u while it's doing well, then if it starts getting choppy and the trades don't work out I switch over to a/j or e/j to see how they're doing.  I also set a breakeven stop after +20 pips or so, just in case

(actually, a 150 period T3 might be even a bit better.. the good signals correspond pretty well with the signals from the 100 T3, but it seems to filter a few of the false ones. I may keep both on the chart for a while to compare.)

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
thats very kind of you fxtrading24!

ok let me get back to read the rest of the threads

great work everyone !

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
I have downloaded Kino CCI RSIv4 from post #933 and installed it in the experts/indicators folder, along with Kino's ADXabove under25, All inOne v2, and multi indicators. The last three I can post on the chart, but the CCI RSIv4 doesn't show up in the "custom indicators" file. What am I overlooking?     Thanks

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
I downloaded it sometime earlier and it works fine on my chart. I will post mine again. Just copy it to the expert/indicator file and try it again. Kino makes some really good combination's of indicators but to be honest with you, you don't need so many indies. The less the better.

D.

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
This system looks really good, but I am confused a bit... Are there any clear entry and exit rules? In the old system there was the cross of the fast CCI with the 0-line, but I didn't read anything similar for FX-50 v1. Neither for exits and stoploss or take profit. Am I missing something?

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Did you read the first page of this thread? It explains the entry rules for short and long. When you go along the thread and read it, you will learn a lot of useful information on how to exit your trades.

D.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
hi all

if someone can send me an example on " how manage with the iCustom indicators " or a link where we can see the particularities of these indicators and the settings

because i want make a ALLinONE with all the indis of this system

thanks a lot

kinonen

Delage , i see you're a fan ! thxs

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
HI. Please take a look on post 1011. It may help.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Hey Kino,

I'm looking right now in the internet for some of the material you ask for and here is what I found so far:
http://www.alpari-forex.com/en/articles_mql4/12.html
http://www.forex-tsd.com/indicators-...om-alerts.html
http://forum.mql4.com/6443
http://www.mql4.com/search/icustom

I'll keep my eyes open for more. Let me know if this helps or if you need more.

D.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
thx the first link is better than the others i have read yesterday

let's work now

kino

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Yes, I did. Actually, this is why I am asking... For me there is no clear entry/exit signal. Or is it meant to be like:

1. if any of the MA crosses and all other conditions are true

2. if the (fast) CCI crosses the 50 (or 0?) line and all other conditions are true

3. if the ZLS signal crosses the smoothed line and all other conditions are true

...

I am guessing one exit is if we get a signal in the other direction, but are there others like only a crossing of the fast CCI and the 0 line.

And how about take profit or stop loss? Are there any suggestions/tips?

I have started reading this thread and found indeed much useful information, but I am still not "getting it".

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Thanks! It's a really good starting point.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
I would start from this one
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=71075

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Dirk,    Thanks for the Kino CCI RSIv4. Works fine. Now I have to go back and read the thread to understand how to apply it. Kino - yes, I do like your indicators.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Where can we find the multipleindicator on your price chart on the left down corner?

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Here you go. It is Kino's multiple indi.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Can someone point me to or please post these two indicators!?

Arrow rsi 8 cross 45-55

&

heikin ashi exit

Also can someone post their favorite 3 MA cross!?

Really want audible alert with arrows painted on chart when

they cross.

I have searched all forex factory and another forum and

could not find them!

Thanks!!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Here they are.

Need anything else, let me or us know.

D.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Here is the 3MA cross over.

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Same problem to me: the ma89 is the first and the second is the ma21, or it is not matter? If someone make a rules file, with clear entry-exit... Thanks

Peter

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
How is it going with your fxprime project?

D.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Hi eforex, here decompile Stealth_LCD_V10.ex4

have a fun

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
thanks funboy for the indi may the pips be with you!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Awesome thanks!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Hey golden1,

Can I ask you something? Are you somehow present also in the forex-tds.com?

D.

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Yes I am there as well.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
I wrote you a PM.

Check it.

D.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Those having success with this cool system.. have you adjusted any of the settings in the fx prime or did you leave those as default?

Thanks

Brian

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
What I use are two versions of the fxprime v2. One is the original and the other one the a modified version that you also can get here in this thread. The FXPrimeFilterV2 is the original and the other version is the FxPrime_V2a Final. You should be able to get both in the thread. If you cannot find them for any reason, let me know and I will post them.

D.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Hi dirk

I don't see FXPrimeFilterV2 anywhere on the two threads. Does it actually say "filter" in the name? I could have missed it. There were an awful lot of versions and multiple postings over the last month. Appreciate you posting it up here if you would.

thanks, dave

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Sure, here is the filter attached. This is the original and I don't have the mq4 file if you wanna make changes to your convenience. But that should not hold you back if you want. Plenty of other versions out there where you can experiment around with.

D.

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Hi Dirk,

you use the FXprimeFilterV2 and the FXprime_V2a Final inicator with the 6EMA, 12EMA and the 50SMA cross?

Thx: Peter

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
ThankYou DirkH143, I'll add it to a chart.

dave

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
and...........ma color 21, ma color 8, osama color

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Hi everyone, I lost track of things. Is there a chat-room? I don't see many people on this forum.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Hi Peter,

Yes, I use both indicators with the MA's that you listed. I don't have them on my chart to save space but I do have one indicator the kinonen modified and posted (_BarsV4.mq4). I took that indi and added some stuff and throw out some stuff to make it more suitable for me.

Alright e` then.

D.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Hmm sounds interesting!

I hope you can post your version DirkH. is that possible?

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Sure, here it is.

From all 3 MA's, the only one I left is the 50sma as a general trend line.

In the corner of the picture you the the _barsV4. The "Trend" is modified so that when 6ema,12ema & 50sma cross the arrow goes up or down, depends on the direction they take. The rest is self explanatory (CCI21,CCI34,CCI89,RSI8,RSI14).

And before you guys ask me what the other line on the chart is, that is the xpMA indy that I picked up in another thread. Proved useful.

So, you see, the less s**t is on the screen the better you can see what the chart is doing.

D.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
many thanks DirkH!

I will try and test it tomorrow, it's late overhere :-)

Greetz

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Hi DirkH,

I think your chart is very interesting,

I am a newbie and reading this treadh since the first post

but still can't understand your indies

which one are you using?

I know this could be a silly question,

but I can't find the same you are using

thanks for everything and the patience

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
I basically follow the system that fxtrading24 presents in this thread. Trust me it is a good one. The only difference on my chart's is that I use a RSI8  55/45 to confirm entry. Just follow this system and you will be good.

D.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Hello, is this time setting for MT4 server time or my local time ?

pjo

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Thanks DirkH,

I  am following since V1, but too many indicators and settings to look at

i can't understand the right ones

still too many false signals for my way of trading and my competences

so, when I saw your graph, it looks clear and simple

amazing to me

I have also some troubles with xp MA, doesn't show the line..I hope I will set it right

really thanks

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Hi

is there a way to change the color of the RSI line whenever its above or below 5545?

tnx

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
why the old one show ema up and the trend down?.i cant put the new one  becuase i will iose the old one .its the same name can you change the name  thanx

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
zerolagstochvbobreversed [2] mq 4

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
What you can do to keep both is to rename the _BarsV4.mq4 to _BarsV4AVI.mq4 for example. That way you can keep the old one and also the other one.

D.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Let me ask you a question. What is your way of trading?

D.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
no much trades,

so I can't tolerate many losses for fewer wins

when I tested this system I collected several false signals

with some good signals

I can stay few hours in front of the monitor, so if I take always the "bad" times it is the worst thing for me

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
OK. As you know, playing with the 1min chart is a very risky thing to do, that's why most traders go with the 5 or 15min chart. That filters out some of the false signals. The different systems or templates that you could get or have already from the V1 and now V2 versions give some good signals on the 1 min chart. On the 5 min chart those signals are a little bit safer. I also would recommend that you trade only the European session that goes into the US session. The times I like to trade is start 1hr before European session starts and stop 2hr before it ends. This is where you get the most out of the session.

You have to decide on which time frame you wanna trade, 1min or 5 min. You can not avoid false signals all the time. Get to know your charts. I hate to say that but get a feeling for the chart you wanna trade and you will be a better trader in the long run.

Today for example, the GBP/USD and the EUR/USD were very choppy and it was hard to get a good signal. When you recognize that this happens, you just switch to another currency. EUR/JPY for example had some very well signals to trade for.

Alright e` then.

D.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
[

You have to decide on which time frame you wanna trade, 1min or 5 min. You can not avoid false signals all the time. Get to know your charts. I hate to say that but get a feeling for the chart you wanna trade and you will be a better trader in the long run.

Today for example, the GBP/USD and the EUR/USD were very choppy and it was hard to get a good signal. When you recognize that this happens, you just switch to another currency. EUR/JPY for example had some very well signals to trade for.

D.[/quote]

you're absolutely right i'm using special settings on TF5min demo count

only CCI 79 & 24 and SMA 50 & Pivots points

today 128 pips with 4 trades (and without emotion)

waiting for retracement toward sMA and looking CCI24 to cross zeroline and go short FOUR times on euro$

4 shorts and 4 winners !

quiet simple

I remember one day 24 trades and 23 goods 1 loss with the same technique

easy and simple and nerver countertrend (SMA50!!!)

kino

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
you're absolutely right i'm using special settings on TF5min demo count

only CCI 79 & 24 and SMA 50 & Pivots points

today 128 pips with 4 trades (and without emotion)

waiting for retracement toward sMA and looking CCI24 to cross zeroline and go short FOUR times on euro$

4 shorts and 4 winners !

quiet simple

I remember one day 24 trades and 23 goods 1 loss with the same technique

easy and simple and nerver countertrend (SMA50!!!)

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
very thanks to all for your help

I will look to take care of all your advices, and hope to take some good pips soon thanks to you!

thanksssssssssssssssssss

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Here you go

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
first thnx but when i put it on the chart its empty??? help

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Excuse me  Kino,

when you talk about CCI 24 to cross 0 line,

do you mean always after CCI 79 has already crossed?

the same as the original method?

and for pivots do you use a special indy, I found many here around, still I have a lot to learn..

thanksss!!

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Hey Fxtrading24,

What are you up to? Anything new?

Appreciated.

D.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Hi DirkH sorry just been so busy, with some other stuff I will get more time next week. I am looking more at trading the 5 minute time frame for trading. I have done some work on the indicator for v2 just need to do some more testing and tweaking.  Here is what I have so far if you want to play around with it on the five minute here is the mql code.

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
It's good to hear from you again. I had worries that the ship started to sink on this thread. It was quite quiet here for a while. But thanks that you responded.

D.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Ya I hope we can get it going again, I will have more time next week hopefully and get this thing down and making some good pips.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Linking purposes only  also for some that use the zerolag i found an Alerter, but it needs to find the zerolagstochs.mq4 in your indicators folder

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
its working?

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Me2

I am done with m1, to many whipsaws. I look at M5 and decide entry on M1 (mostly demotrade, sometimes live trading. Just because I lost confidence in my tradingstyle last monthes and that was because of looking too much at M1)

Nice to see you back again FX24

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
I think the problem is that the market is to choppy. It is hard to get a clear entry point. This whole week you can forget the GBP/USD, because it is extremly choppy. The EUR/USD is still ok and the EUR/JPY is good too. I just hope that next week will be better.

D.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
other than my balance getting smaller and smaller ......how can one determine that the market is too choppy to enter?  Can you tell just by looking at the chart?  Is there an indicator that's good at this?  even something like FX sidewinder often give green signals while very choppy. Your system says trade then 20pip candle up next one is 20 pip candle down.  I get into trouble cause I don't know well enough to stay out during these times.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Market is only getting worse and less I believe I can one day make money trading forex. Sure, every system has its ups and downs, but every single one I traded always manages to make me lose more than what I profit. Then I see people claiming to make 100+ pips a day and I tried to learn from their posts and smart charts. They post with such expertise with trend lines and modified indicators, but the funny thing is that these same people keep popping here and there in every forum and every new thread downloading someone else's uploaded indicator and trying to learn a new system from a perfect newbie that just discovered the forex freedom bars ind. or an ma that changes color when the trend changes direction. Then the ones that open a new thread showing a new system and pretending to be "the master traders." Three or four months later you see them leave to do hourly forex tutoring or to sell their systems in the net so they will never have to trade again. I am like

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
We need a chat-room.

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
There's a lot of truth to what you said. However, equally true is that there ARE traders still using the orginal system and making good money, BUT NOT UNDER THESE current conditions. I said many times in previous posts that I don't trade between Thanksgiving and at the earliest the second week of Jan because the markets are always crazy then. Now I think it's compounded by the world waiting for Obama and his Economic Recovery package to see if it's going to work to some degree.

I still use the original system (somewhat) WHEN I TRADE with the Double Woodie set to 89/21 (thanx f4!) the QQE instead of the RSI, but added the BBMACD (thanx CunuckCT) which has been a tremendous help in entering and exiting better.

I left this thread because I was getting slammed by newbees when I tried to correct and advise them of what I saw was serious mistakes in their addition of bad indicators (or way too many) or were making other mistakes I myself had made trading in the past. I was told to mind my own business.

But don't be discouraged! Stick to the original system (with any modifications that work for you) and just give the markets time to settle down. Even with my great scalping system I would be getting hammered badly right now. There's over 1000 systems listed in this Forum. How many of those have survived the passage of time . . . maybe 10 or 15? How many of those who introduced those systems are still trading? That in itself is an important lesson!

And PLAYING Bulerias for dancers is not only music to my ears, but diamonds for my eyes as I watch them perform! You know what I mean right?

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
hi, does this indicator repaint?

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
(Forexweasel)I look at the chart and see the candles and what they look like. If you see that the candles have an irregular flow (I would say), what I mean by that is that the body is to long, the shadows on both end are unusual long or short. Or look at the 5min chart. If there is the same irregularity as in the 1 min or even worse, then don't trade. A great example right now is the GBP/USD, just look at the candlesticks.

Flamenco is right with the news. I thing it will take at least another 1 or 2 weeks until the market get over all the news that is heading our way.

I also trade partially the original system. After trying many systems and indicators and other stuff, I simply went back because it is one of the easiest and cleanest systems I encountered so far. Just go into some thread in here and all you see are lines, lines, lines and ooh what is that and what does this mean. Most of them are confusing. The old system plus one or two good other indies and you are set. Maybe not right now but hopefully in a week o two.

D.

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Thanks for this, because when I read this a light went off in my head...even the M15 was schizo, big candles both directions alternating, no direction.  So from now on, I wont trade the lower TF when the longer ones are directionless.  Thanks again.

FW

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
yes =

when you talk about CCI 24 to cross 0 line,

do you mean always after CCI 79 has already crossed? = YES

with a look to RSI > 55 or < 45 (if short)

for pivots i use multipivotsTimeframe mq4

kinonen

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
I think so I just haven't had alot of time to play with it. I still like the old system better and Flamenco143 ideas best.

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Hi Flamenco nice to see you here again.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Hey Flamenco,

I'm also a newbie here, but I must say that I thought that you are a part of a scam, and that's only because you posted a photo of a brand new Harley that attracts newbies and makes us believe in a holy grail

BTW would it be possible to get a "user manual" for your BBMACD indicator? Thank you

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Torpedofx here is my thought, stare and compare the best way to learn a new indicator is use it see how it reacts in different market condition. If you put it on your chart you will see how it reacts.

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Sure - here it is. Start on page 7.
http://www.nexgent3.com/T-3%20Fibs%2...%202-28-08.pdf

But be careful right now. Just about the time you get a nice little trend going it turns quickly back into a killer chop. The way I use the BBMACD is (mostly) I wait for it to cross the 0 line. Dots HAVE to be outside the channel. When a dot changes colors and ducks back into the channel I exit. If I feel conservative I do not buy when it's below the '0' (even if the dots are green) nor do I enter a sell trade ABOVE the '0' if the dots are red. To be clearer, I only sell when dots are red and below the '0', and I only buy if dots are green and ABOVE the '0'.

I use the QQE mtfv5 for a 50 cross alert only, although I think it is also a great indicator and can almost stand alone. My candle chart I only use the xpMA along with a 15EMA. Attaching a chart in a minute so you can see what I mean.

P.S. The dots repaint ONLY on the current dot.

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
This isn't a great time to be showing the system I use at it's best due to the choppy market. I didn't include the Double CCI 89/21 cause that's a given.  The colored dot(s) on the candle window are the QQE crossing 50 alert dots

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
can you pls share your indicators thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Hope they help but as I said before, they ain't worth a damn in a choppy market, but then what exactly is?  The only thing missing is the HAS candles.  They are VERY important once you know how to read them.  They tell you a lot about what the bulls and bears are doing and who's taking control.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
It's nice to be back in the states, but why is Florida so freakin' cold? I know I said a hundred times I wasn't going to post on this thread anymore - but dang it, I've been in it since the day CD first put it up. This is like my home! I've made more pips here than anywhere else with any other strategy.

Would I like to go to a higher time frame and get off the 1M? Oh you have no idea! I'd also like to be a jet fighter pilot, a railroad engineer, have my wife quit giving me all those weird looks, and sing a lot better than I do. But some things are impossible regardless of positive thinking!

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Hey Flamenco,

I got a question. Do you use the QQE like an rsi with the 55 and 45 level?

D.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
I can only give you my opinion and what works or doesn't work for me. No, I don't use the 45/55 as a filter. I don't believe filters even exist that work and I could give you a thousand examples of why I came to believe that. It's like I constantly hear traders wanting to go to a higher time frame 'to eliminate noise.'

You NEVER eliminate noise. You go to a 30M tf, then you have noise from the 5m & the 15m. Go to a weekly tf, you've got noise from the daily, or the 4H time frame. And it goes on and on. See what I mean?

I can see the value of the 45/55 channel on the RSI, but on the QQE I wanna know the instant it crosses the 50. That is basically my 'filter'. ANd THAT even bites me in the butt a lot because I constantly see trades where I would have made boucoup more pips had I entered the trade when the two QQE lines crossed REGARDLESS where it was in conjunction to the 50 line. But I also see many times I was wise to wait until the 50 line WAS crossed.

But somewhere along the line you have to draw a line in the sand and say, "These are my rules, and I won't break them". Usually it evens out. Sometimes you get the pips right off the bat, and other times you don't. But changing rules every other trade will ultimately be disastrous.

That being said, there is no reason you CAN'T put a 45/55 channel on the QQE and use it. Try it and see how it works for you. The main thing to consider is your 'comfort zone' or 'confidence zone' so to speak about entering AND exiting a trade. If that 45/55 channel helps you then by all means go for it 100%!  The QQE basically gives the same info as the RSI.  The ONLY reason I prefer the QQE is the audible alarm on the 50 crossing which is not available on the RSI.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
I tried the F4's 89/21 settings, but the entries on a change of direction are sometimes a problem. I will give kino's 79/24 settings a try.

I use the QQE already and I wish I could use the BBMacd indi. you posted, but it crashes the MT4 every time I try to load it to my charts on my pc or laptop. I dont understand why would the BBMACD will crash my MT4 platform, it never happened before with any indicator I loaded.

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Here Artifiz try this one. Sounds like you must have windows vista with the crashing I have the same problem but this bbmacd should work.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
The BB MACD, what settings do people use with it, or other macd

for 5 min charts?  What is your best setting for 5 min charts?

Thanks!!!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Is there anyone that has a screen shot of this system in action with shown entry and exit points. Also, if someone could explain why they entered and exited at a particular point... just tryin to learn! Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
That worked great! Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Hey Flamenco.

Glad to see you back.. If you wouldn't mind could you give us a brief synopsis on how the HAS candles do work, I think thats what I've been missing maybe.. because I'm have the same problems as a couple of the other guys are having... losing pips.. and not really knowing why...

Thanks in advance...

Jim

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hi Jim,

I can't post my PDF file on the HAS candles. For some reason it's corrupted. But I'm sure there's someone lurking around here that has a copy of it. I see it frequently mentioned. The PDF file just gives a brief discussion on em, but you really learn so much more when you start watching them. Sorry I couldn't be more help. Meanwhile, while you're waiting, load up the HAS on different pairs, then go back and take a look at the HAS Candles on different time frames, paying attention to the wicks, their size and direction, particularly when you have a major trend change. You'll see frequently the 'major information HAS' on a highly probably trend change will be a small colored body with a different colored wick. That's about the best synopsis or help I can offer right now.

Re: Losing pips. Gotta tell you in all honesty . . . nothin' I have going right now is working well. Market's are crazy! Just about the time I see my indicators line up - BAM - it goes haywire. It's just a time where normal S/L and TP are - well - not normal. Other than that, right now I may be the last person to get advise from. I'm as frustrated as everyone else!

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Hi flamenco, well I tried the 5 minute chart after trading the one minute for several month's the worst week I ever had, well back to the one minute to recover. It amazes me what a difference different time frames can do.

Again glad to see you back and back in the states. So lets all make some pips well once this market gets its act together.

fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Its very hard to trade this system these days, get whipsawed many times to, so I also look at higher timeframes at the moment, until market settles down. I guess its good to have 2-3 systems for all market conditions anyway.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
hi flamenco, welcome back

i will post my updated guide later tonight, had a hard time converting from Word to PDF, it was always taken my hyperlinks out, its an annoying problem that microsoft and adobe created grrr !!!1anyways it has a detailed description of HAS candles and i as i recall i think it was flamenco that did it.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
I have a huge arsenal of methods I've collected over the years. For the past week or so I have checked almost everything from the original Woodies CCI Club to a full blown Ichimoku Kinko Hyo and all kinds of powder and puffs in between.

Nothing I know of is giving me any solid profits (IF I WAS ACTUALLY TRADING LIVE!).

I'm only posting this because (while it's true that many systems stop working after awhile for various reasons) don't be too quick to abandon whatever system/strategy/method and indicators you've grown to like and use recently. New President - new economic recovery package in the works - global economic melt-downs - usual bad time of year to trade - has all contributed to the forex being unpredictable.

This is just a really bad time period to say 'it's business as usual'. But it WILL improve - maybe not the economy here so quickly, but the forex WILL settle down again.

P.S. For fxtrading24: I can't tell you the number of times I switched from the 1M to the 5M to hopefull give my dry eyeballs a rest. As much as I wanted the 5M to work (and it does) I always came back to the 1M because I always wound up 'keeping' more pips in the account when the indicators said 'scram' than if I had waited for the 5M exit signals. In scalping 10 pips or 5 pips is money, and since I trade 3 to 5 lots that's a minimum of $30 I'm giving back with every tick. Call me Scrooge, but I want to keep it if I earned it! When I first went in the Air Force $30 was half a months pay for me. I don't forget things like that!

Although I did pull the trigger on a late trade today. Usually between 3:30 and 4:30 est on Fridays you'll find fairly good movements as the Big Dogs are putting their trades in for the weekend. Managed a 52 pipper before I closed it out. But since it was my first trade of the year I got a little excited and didn't realize until later I was on the 5M tf. Regardless - I hope that winner is a harbinger of other similar trades this month.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Here is the updated sidewinder I use this in conjunction with my other indicators it does help with choppy markets.....
Red no trade
Yellow Caution
Green Trade

Here is a pic of the sidewinder right above the CCI

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
[quote=fxtrading24;2474707]Here is the updated sidewinder I use this in conjunction with my other indicators it does help with choppy markets.....
Red no trade
Yellow Caution
Green Trade

I've seen it before but never gave it serious consideration till I saw your chart.  I'm adding it to my charts.  Sure can't hurt.  Do you have any info by the way on the 'Status Monitor'.  You have any info on what exactly the figures are saying?  I can't find info on it anywhere.

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Thanks Flemnco..

I did find that file, I want to post in case anyone needs it...

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
[quote=Flamenco143;2474768]
Here you go flamenco

Here is what I know
Current spread = is the spread from the broker
Buy Swap        = is the current broker Buy swap rate
Sell Swap        = is the current broker Sell swap rate
Volume           = is the ticks per candle

I includid the indicator hope this helps

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
[quote=fxtrading24;2474814]
Just the right information I was looking for!   You're really on the ball!  Nice to know you're just not another pretty face!  lol!

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Flamenco, could you please post the template for you chart in post # 1298. I have the indicators but can't seem to match my charts with yours. Actually all I really need is the values of your ma's. I usually figure things out for myself but in this case I'm a bit stymied. Thanks for the help. Bob

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Here's the template.  The gold line is just a standard 15 EMA, the green line is the xpMA.  I didn't include the HAS or Double Woodies in this template since you asked for what was showing on that post.  Hope it helps.

Flamenco

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Flamenco, Thanks for the quick response, much appreciated. Bob

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
Hey guys,

I have a question to brokers.

Right now I'm with ODL Securities but for some reason they transfer all their accounts to FXCM and they don't have the MT4, they have their own platform. Can somebody recommend a good broker with low fees for spread and maybe other benefits?

Appreciated.

D.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
I've had good luck for 4 or 5 years with these two. If you want to keep your money here in the States I prefer Alpari. If you want you account outside the States then go with MIG in Switzerland. Are either better or worse than others? I've found these two to be very reputable, helpful, and well established. I transfered all my funds over to MIG only because they open up an hour earlier on Sundays than others do.

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Thanks, I'll check it out.

D.

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
For those who uses some of kino's indis heres an updated guide with his most popular indis  tried my best to keep the details simple

Thanks kino for your hard work it's really appreciated

PS i will post the fx50 hybrid guide tomorrow, had a hard time with the hyperlinks not showing in PDF after conversion from word, seems microsoft and adobe are having problems between each other and we the consumers are paying the price grrrr !!!

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
maxzeus, Thank You for this new guide.

Probably somewhere in the thread my question is already answered, but ....My native language is not English and it is difficult for me to search in this thread.

In this new pdf, Kino DoubleWoody w/SMA vbob is explained.

1. Where can I find this ?  I have double woody CCI with SMA vbob slow vk.

Is this different from Kino DoubleWoody w/SMA vbob  ?

2. Where can I find the rule for entry and exit for Double CCI or FX-50 ?

Best

pjo

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
sorry thnx its o.k

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
goodn job maxZeus !

don't really believe i've done such indicators

hope that's help some of you

i noticed here a mistake but it's easy to understand

"
Kino Multi Indicator v5 Lite (FX50’s multi-time Frame Indi)
Red = RSI under 45 / CCI under 0 / EMA/SMA = Lower MA Crossed over Higher MA  "   here it's crossed below
bye all

i'll read it , and tell you if it's ok
kinonen

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Hi Dirk,

Are you sure FXCM does not have Metatrader, I`m pretty sure they do.

Cheers, email

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
1- just click on the INDI name, it has a hyperlink to download the file posted on this site

2-i'll be posting the fx50 guide (hybrid version) tonight it will have different succesfull setups of major contributors and it will be the users decisions on which ones to use or the 0nes they are most comfortable with, but the main INDI will always be the CCI 89/21 w/SMA

i use the DoubleWoodyCCI w/SMA because it has an alert included or else i would use kinos, i like kinos multi indicator v5 a lot

Ooops !! must be a copy/paste error LOL !!! will update later

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Thanks for the tip. I checked it out and they do have metatrader mow.

Thanks again.

D.

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Thanks Maxzeus,

But I cannot click the blue text in your guide pdf viewing it with Adobe Reader.

Is there any setting for this ?

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
works on my end, i had a problem with converting word to pdf, been many yrs i use 2 programs to print to pdf and never had problem now all of a sudden all my pc's and people on the net has the same problem as me, hyperlinks not staying after conversion, weird, now i finally made it work and your not getting the hyperlinks OMG !!!

will do some research, it bugs me

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Maybe Maxzeus,

Pls explain with screen shots what "CCI 89 Over the 0 line showing uptrend MUST CROSS FIRST".

I do not understand the "MUST CROSS FIRST" part.

pjo

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
1°) the CCI 89 crosses before the CCI21

2°) or  CCI89 is still (>0) & cci 21 who was <0 becomes now >0 on crossing zeroline  then accordind with others indies you can BUY LONG

3°) or  CCI89 is still (<0) & cci 21 who was >0 becomes now <0 on crossing zeroline  accordind with others indies you can SHORT

kinonen

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
here screen with exemple n°3

CCI89 is still (<0) & cci 21 who was >0 becomes now <0

kino

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Thank You Very Much, Kino !

pjo

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
i'm still with CCI34 & CCI170 on TF15'

so if you want TF1min or TF5

you can change values for 21 & 89

and save template

kino

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Hi Kino.....

Just wanna say a big thank you.... for giving us a very great and helpful indicator - CCI & RSI v5.

It helps me a lot in making a decision... I'd only just changed the RSI from 8 to 21-day period.

Thanks a lot... and great contribution to this thread.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
look on t.f 5 m, 15 m, nice,great long term thx

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Hello every body

I have been following this system since Canadian with some good results. But from two weeks ago I am filtering the trades with the Double CCI in 5min and taking signals and trades in 1min, and it looks to be working. I put some chars for explaining better.

This is in 5 min TF:I look for buy signals if both the 24 and 79 ccis are over (or      touching in going up) the 30 sma line and 0 line, it does not matter which      one get over first. I look for sell signal if both the 24 and 79 are under (or      touching in going down) the 30 sma line and 0 line , it does not matter which      one get down first. It finish when the 24 cci takes again the sma30.

Orange vertical lines are the trades in 1 min..

Hope it helps.

Sorry for my poor English.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
here i updated and fixed the errors

ciao

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Hi Flamenco, how had the Philippines been?

you're the best. i use your offered indis and it was great,

300 pips in one trade...

thanks again,

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
posting for linking purposes  (alerts included)

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
HI Everyone

i was having a hard time with the conversion and the hyper links, but foudn a temporary solution with an online conversion service, i tried litterally 7 programs (printer drivers and full pro pdf tools) and all of them lose the hyper links after conversion, but anyways now the hyperlinks work (on my PC) shouldnt be a problem i hope

So i created the FX50 Guide and called it ''Hybrid'' version why ?? because i put different setups from several major contributors, and they were all successfull with the different version of the FX50 system, but the main #1 indi that MUST NOT be taken out is the DoubleWoodyCCI 21/89 (you can change values to 34/170 or 24/79) its your choice, but the Addon indis i call them, you must test them and see which indicators you feel most comfortable with and most importantly which one your most succesfull with  thats all , just read the guide

Anyways hope this helps, Don't forget Practice + Patience + Persistence = Profits

Happy Pipping

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
I am using a STP model to trade, so of course the spreads fluctuate I am wondering if the any of the techniques and systems described in this thread have been tested on this type of platform.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
maxzeus, you did a good job on the "guide". It should help people get a good handle on this method.

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Thanks, Max ! Now it works, the hyperlinks.

pjo

Additional question

MTF HAS works ok in Alpari UK MT4 but it does not work in FXDD MT4.

How can I solve this problem ?

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Post Kino's cool 2 CCI v5 bar indicator?

Thanks

Brian

Update: ok now the links in the guide are working for me, I couldn't get them before

now I got what I needed. thanks!

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
[quote=maxzeus;2481963]HI Everyone

So i created the FX50 Guide and called it ''Hybrid'' version why ?? because i put different setups from several major contributors, and they were all

HEEEEEEEEEEEELLP   don't see anithing !! LOL where are the candles ?

i think i'll try to make a ALL of all of all in one Indicator !

hi MaxZeus good manual.pdf

kino

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
lol kino, i'll be the 1st to ask. can you post the very bottom indicator on your chart

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
// based on the 4 EMA and the distance to Close of the candle

// histo is on the biggest EMA , if histo is big you can keep longer the trade
// kinonen Octobre 2008

if you don't want 3 ema  you choose the same Number for 1 2 and 3
on crossing of zeroline & when histo changes ,you have often a good signal

kinonen

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Thanks buddy

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
what i have learned , making such indicators that's it is always th same thing

you can resume to this , a SMA50 or a EMA55  + EMA34

when candle crosses down 50 only shorts trades (up only longs) and wait for the 34 approches the 50 bounces down ...that's simple no ?

all you want add is nothing , perhaps i'm wrong , if you see my previous post with the screen , you'll see !

here another screen

i suggest only pivots+the 2 EMA or indicator below

let me know what you think about that

thanks

kinonen

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
screen =

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
new version 3 EMA + SMA50

kino

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Hey Kino,

I compared both and there is no difference to me, or I miss it. Where is the difference if I may ask?

Thanks for the first one anyway, looks great.

D.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
OK. Kino. Forget my last post. I got it.

Thanks again.

D.

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Hey Kino,

I have a question. It's a little crazy but it should be possible.

Can you combine the DoublecciWoody indi with your #kino_close_3EMA_SMA indi? I'm asking that because the entryCCI in the DoublecciWoody is almost same as your ema that you have in your indies.

What do you think, would that be possible?

D.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
everithing is possible with $$$$ lol

do you mean all lines & histo alltogether ?

i'll think about that and post it , but perhaps after feb 5th becoz holidays

and i see you'haven't read my post 1356 lol

kino

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
I was thinking all the lines but not the histo. If you want to integrate the histo somehow, go for it. Would be interesting to see how the indi reacts to the market.

Thanks.

D.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Does it ever repaint?

thank you!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
thanks kino will try it

ciao

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
there i's only one buffer left (max=8) ;  so i've placed only the distance between close & SMA 50  in Blue

don't think it's better or help

kino

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
I see what you mean but thanks for the effort.

D.

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
it seems there is 1 or 2 bars in advance !!

another version with zoom = 10000 in the settings

better for lower TF

here a new version+screen

kino

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Thanks again Kino.

D.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
hey guys, I was just curious as to how you all actually trade this system. I have reached the stage where I need to formulate a plan and need some help. do you guys just sit in front of the computer and wait for opportunities, or do you have some kind of an alert that you use?  thanks and take care.

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
I, for one, stay glued to the monitor while trading.  I found when I get a little bored and go read threads, check email, look at news, change indicators.....that's when the best moves happen (the ones you miss because you weren't paying attention or you were distracted by something/someone else! lol).

I try to trade for a cpl of hours around each of these times: 12AM-2A Pacific, 4AM-7A Pacific and 6PM-7P or 8P Pacific.   Near London, US & Asian opening times.

Have a great weekend!  Back in the saddle come Monday.

Dion

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Like any sys, u should simply watch it in operation before trading live. Hours and hours of watching and demo trading will save u a lot of money and/or emptying your account. For first trades, look for strong trends. Start with one pair only if not confident otherwise u can watch several and play trigger crosses on the highest trending charts only.

hope that helps, steve

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
appreciate the feedback guys. I was curious as to whether you guys use alerts also. if you do, which ones do you recommend while trading?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Here is the trade simulator I posted awhile back it is handy for testing systems. Read the PDF it explains everything. Anyway how is everyone's trading going lately, the market should get back to normal hopefully next week and we should all be making some $$$$$$$$$$$ pips.

Good Luck all

fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
breaking even at the mo, which isn't too bad considering this is still a new sys for me and like u say market is not behaving! Can we have that bit about all making good pips in writing please?!

steve

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Hi all started the week great, 15 min after the open of Tokyo approx 45 min i made

EUR/USD = 64 pips (3x trades) 33 + 19 + 12

Now while posting this just made an extra 19 pips

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Very nice Max

Well for the year 2009 at the moment am breakeven, get many whipsaws, was hard to trade that market behavior. Hope things will settle down soon.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
yes, I tried break out on 1 Hr TF, I got 60+ pips on GJ, I could have also taken GU, but was not at the computer....

On 1 MinTF, As f4mnect says, get in at the bounce of 55/34 once the trend is established.

Anto

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
I am not deviating you guys from this system, but keeping and eye on higher TF will help you to spot ranging market and overall direction of the market.

Anto

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Yes Anto, bouncing from guppys are nice way to take trade, but they are really not needed on the chart. They represent bounce of cci21 from zero line, check that and you will see.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Yes, gasgas, you are right. I see now.

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
I agree gasgas and had removed them from my chart...But truthfully I have grown accustom to them and they do help me better to gauge what a currency's doing. So I re-added them this weekend. Just what i'm doing

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
They are good for better visual picture yes, so its still good to have them up there. I just want my chart as simple as possible, to many indics gives me headache

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
I agree and I tried going with out, but it kept me to focused on the moment and with the 34 and 55 guppy added back I see a little better picture of whats going on. Everybody's different, It just helps me see a larger picture.

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Hey Boys,

I got a question in terms of exit a trade. I know when to enter a trade and so far always made a healthy profit by jumping out early enough before the trend reversed. My exit strategy so far is that when my CCI24 touches the 100 line in the chart to jump out. But I found out that most of the time it just touches the 100 line and bounces back up until a second time and that would be the best time to exit the trade.

Now, my question is: Is their a indicator or some other help that could give me a closer look on when to exit?

D.

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
I'm in the same boat, What is the perfect exit 1 time is completely wrong the next and that 2nd bounce you are talking about is driving me crazy lol. You don't know how many times I see price retrace, I take 10 pips and it runs for 50 or more and my entry was perfect. I think that's the nature of the 1min and I'm not getting hit with it so much when i jump to the 5m. Right now I'm watching the 10 SMA as my exit and how price is reacting around it.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Do you use the 10 SMA on the 5 or 1 min?

I use the DoubleWoody with the extra 21 or 30 MA in the chart as guide for direction. Wouldn't it be possible to add another line to modify the chart so that you see a possible exit?

D.

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Check out my journal I have screen shots up. But yes I use a 10 SMA on chart for both support of my entry and exit(1m, 5m and daily). I wont enter a trade unless I get a price open above or below the 10 SMA(depending on trade direction).

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Shoot.

See that's what you get for having breakfast with your wife. Missed a 100pip move on the GBP/USD. Dawn it.

,

D.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Hey all just found this thread about a week ago but after looking at the charts I found an entry I just wanted to see if I was following the rules correctly. As for the reading I thought it was a bit similar to cornflower so Im using some of those rules mixed in but as for reading rules it never makes sense to me until I see the actual charts. So I entered on the red arrow and at the moment I am breakeven, entry was 117.20 on ey at about 10 AM PST

Any feedback on either the things that were correct or wrong would be appreciated

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Kinonen,

I see you don't have PM is there any way i can contact you off the Boards?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
I don't know about you guys but two days ago was the only day I had really good trades in those markets here. The last couple of days it is just to choppy. Hard to make a trade. I just hope that the market settles down in the near future. Until then, waiting for a good moment I guess.

D.

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Nice indicator... THX.

BTW. I know you have a great many indicators..... Do you by any chance have a ribbon T3MA version in your files?

Compare the regular MA ribbon version of post # 1198 of this thread.

In the meantime...... Have a nice day !!!

John

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Interesting setup, but I think your FXprime filter does not filter out many false signals with the data that you run that one. Why don't you use a higher no. in your filter? Does this setup works for you?

D.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Finally, I just stick to the previous setting furnished by a senior guy here ...

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Hy Fxtrading24,

Did you try to merge the stochastic s indi with the ZLS indi? Maybe frees space?

D.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Did anyone ever tried this great system on 2min?

The market is very "noisy" recently and the 1min gives many false signals.

I trade the 2min  recently with much better results -  less signals but much better ones, sl should be bigger, about 15 pips + spread on E/U.

Here is one example from today.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
How can you trade again on the 2 min. chart? Can somebody explain that please? I had it once but forgot about it.

Thanks.

D.

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
The Read me text:

I. Features:

This is an improved version of period converter for MT4 based on the

MT4's default period converter by metaquotes.

The default period converter script do not support real-time refreshing,

and consume lots of CPU (50%-9x%) making the whole system slow.

Also, the default one is a script which do not save when you exit MT4,

so you have to apply every converter script again after restarting, quite

annoying.

This one fixed all above problems:

1. Real-time updating or custom interval millisecond level updating.

2. Low CPU cost, average 5%-10% or less.

3. Works as an indicator, so can be saved and reloaded during restart.

4. There is no one converter per chart limitation as it is not script

any more, you can only use one window as source to generate as many

new timeframe chart as possible.

5. Auto updating if there is new history block loaded.

II. How to use:

Copy the mq4 file to your MT4 indicators folder (expertsindicators)

to install it as an indicator, NOT script. then in the custom indicator

list, attach period_converter_opt to the chart you want.

It support 4 parameters:

PeriodMultiplier: new period multiplier factor, default is 2

UpdateInterval: update interval in milliseconds,

zero means update real-time. default is zero.

Enabled: You can disable it without remove it with this option.

Other parameters are comments or for debugging, it is safe to ignore them.

Also Make sure you have Allow Dll imports option checked in common tab or

it won't work

After that, File->Open Offline to open the generated offline data. then

the offline data will be updated automatically.

As long as you keep the source chart open and the converter indicator

running, the generated chart including indicators inside will always

be updated. also you can close the generated chart and open again

later from File->Open Offline without problem.

If you want to quit MT4, you can leave those offline chart as other

normal online charts. when you start MT4 next time, those charts will

also be loaded and updated.

III. Notes:

1. Do NOT uncheck the "offline chart" option in offline chart common properties.

or after MT4 restart, it will treat that chart as online chart and request

the data from server, resulting empty chart window.

2. You can attach more than one converter to same window with different

PeriodMultiplier, e.g: you can attach 3 converter with

PeriodMultiplier = 2, 4, 10 to M1 to generate M2, M4, M10 at the same time.

It is even ok to use the M1 chart to generate Hourly chart like H2, which

only cost a few more CPU resource during initial conversion. but usually

most server don't have much data for those short period. resulting the

generated data isn't long enough for long period. so it is suggested

to use Hourly/Daily charts as source when needed.

3. The real-time updating mode updates quotes as fast as possible, but as

this is done via script, and MT will skip calling start() function when

your PC is busy and lots of quotes income. anyway, this seldom happen,

and you can at least get 10 updates each seconds which is much more

than enough.

4. The offline chart don't have a bid line showing in chart, but all data

in the chart including the indicators is still being updated,

so don't worry. you can show the bid line by unclick the "offline chart"

option in chart properties. but which don't helps much and if you forget

to check "offline chart" option before exit. it will cause errors and

become empty on next startup. you have to close the window and open

again from File->Open offline, which don't worth the trouble.

IV. History:

2005.12.24 1.4 faster to detect if data changed by removing float point

operations, added support to output CSV file in real time.

OutputCSVFile = 0 means no CSV.

OutputCSVFile = 1 means CSV + HST

OutputCSVFile = 2 CSV only, no HST .

(useful if you want to generate CSV for builtin periods)

CSV Filename will be the same as HST file except the extension.

added safe checking for PeriodMultiplier.

2005.12.04 1.3 Fixed missing data when there is large amount of data

loaded in several blocks, and support auto updating

when new history is loaded.

2005.11.29 1.2 Additional fix for missing data and server changing.

2005.11.29 1.1 Fixed missing partial data after restart.

Reinitialize after changing server or data corrupted.

2005.11.28 1.0 Initial release.

Just don't close the 1 min chart once you have the 2 min chart working.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
OOhhh snap, that is a whole lot to read.

Thanks for the quick responds.

How are you guys doing right now with trading anyway?

Would be just interesting to know I guess?

D.

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Hey Dirk,

I'm doing well with this method.  I'm up for this week, lost some last week (mis-steps on my part), but I was up for the month of January.  So, all in all, I am very pleased.

Dion

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
That sounds good and I'm happy for you.

What I noticed is that 2hr before London opens, you can snatch some good movements. Also, between 6am and 9am EST there are also some good movements. For me personally, after 8am EST I only take extremely short profits because of the fast up and down movements in the market.

So far the only day for some reason is Tuesdays where the market has the whole day a nice up and down movement. Last Tuesday I made roughly 100pips. All the other days are some kind of pain in the butt days.

But that is just me personally.

D.

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Yep, noticed the same too.  Seems the best time is between 3A-5A Pacific, the you can pick off some small ones until about 8A Pacific.  I'll have to give that pre-London (10P-12A Pacific) a little more attention.  It also seems like Tuesday-Thurs and the the middle weeks of each month have more action.

Dion

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
You are right, the best times are from 6 - 8 am US eastern times. My daily target is 50, I grabbed 60 pips this morning and quit for the day.

I simplified my chart. I use the LaGuerre filter just to know where the market is going. I am still using the fibo lines and the HAS lines. The cci bars ind Kino made just for an easy visual and always use the cci 24 and 30 sma crossing as my entry. I attached my chart and most of the indicators just if you guys want to try it.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Looks very interesting. I'm right now not on my home computer (University comp., need to put some meat on my bread someday). When I get home later on, I'll post some screen shots of mine and how I use my trading. I personally do not use fibo lines, irritates the crap out of me.

(The only thing is that I do not wanna flud this thread with to many indies. The more indies you put in the more questions you get and the more you have to explain. Right?) I don't mean that in a bad way.

One question that I have is: In your DoubleWoodyCCI, what do you use in your SMA line? 21 or 30?

D.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
I use a 30 SMA. I tried 21 SMA, but I found the best trades come in this setting.

You are right abt the fibo lines, they are like stop signs in a nice open street. You find one just when you are about to speed up, but I always want to know why the hell it reversed or got stopped out!!!

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
You see, the SMA line, I use 21 and I use them as partial direction of where the trend goes and if everything checks out, I enter. But let me better explain when I post my stuff.

D.

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Hi all, I was just curious. I wanted to know if there are any alerts that are geared towards the Double CCI and the Bollinger Stoch histogram. I am testing out trading only when the CCI is only above a certain level in conjuction with the bollinger squeeze. Would like an alert that would be customizable so that I know that a trade is imminent. while searching the attachments, I noticed that there is a Double CCI alert but was just curious if there was one alert for both indicators. I guess I can start off with the Double CCI alert that will provide me with a heads up at the very least.  thanks and take care guys.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Hey Artifiz,

Like promised. Here are some pics of how mine look like.

Pic 1 shows my regular trading template. But I also posted the template pic (Pic 2) without some indicators to better make my case.

I still use the basic trading method of entering when 89/24 crosses up or down and or RSI below or above 55/45. It just has proven extremely good to me. What I did was putting 24 and 34 in one indicator as you can see as yellow and blue line. The black line is the 21 SMA and what I find very interesting is that when that line moves up, or is about to move up, or for that matter down, there is something happening. You have to enlarge it to really see it.

Another interesting aspect is that putting an 8,3,3 stoch in the RSI(QQE) indi, I realized that the Stoch is moving slidly up or down. When it is near the 55 line, the currency goes up and near the 45 line it goes down.

Check it out and let me know what you think.

(Oohhh, And by the way guys, I will not post any indicators from pic 1, so please don't ask me. It will simply not happen.)

I don't wanna be rude or something but all those are posted already all over the thread.

Alright e` then.

D.

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
On chart 1, I honestly don't think we need that many of indicators. IMHO, It's really good to have all that visual support and confirmation, but it all comes down to what's the CCI is telling us. I bet all those indicators on chart 1 only support what's happening on your CCI.

I like your idea of the QQE(RSI) over the stochastic. I also used to trust the RSI 8 55/45 Levels settings, however I saw it many times work its way up to 60 level then head down to 40 in just two candles after my entry. Perhaps I wasn't that fast on my entry, lol.

One thing for sure is that I would not enter if the 79 CCI hasn't reached the 50 Level. The 100 level is a good indication of a strong trend, but nowadays I saw it many times reach 100 and immediately take a reversal. And of course price action always plays a key factor. I strongly think we can use the Double CCI with a SMA (either 21 or 30) as a stand alone indicator. After all, every indicator is lagging and what we see on our charts has already happened even in the 1 minute tf. We just need to catch the wave in its early stagefor a small profit as a true scalper.

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Hello,

what is your exit rules?

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
artifiz thank you for the clear chart you have posted, i understand your entry criteria but i don't know your exit criteria , is it a fixed number of pips (like 30 for example) or do you exit on an indicator signal? thank you in advance for your answer.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
I would usually exit before the trend reaches the next fibonacci level. No fixed profit, but I know at this moment I would not go for more than a 30 pips profit gain. I usually take a 7-10 pips profit, but I would go for a 20-30 pips profit only if the trend shows strenght and there is good price action. No guessing guys. My stops are usually 15 pips plus whatever spread, but I am only trading the E/U and G/U at this moment. Other pairs like the G/J or E/J might require a higher stop loss.

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Hi Kino,

Do you have any version of your indicator, "kino_2CCI_V5" that comes with alert? Only a sound when the color change to red or green.

Appreciate if you can provide it here, it will help me a lot. Maybe others too!

Thanks & Best Regards.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Hi Kino can you tall me where to find the probability indicator on your image

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
sorry i promise to not share this one

don't be worry it's not good

kino

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
don't know if it'is this one

i forget each indicator when i code a new one LOL

kino

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Hi Kino,

If you can find the time please have a look at my request in post  #1392.

THX, John

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Yes, it is but could you mind to make the alert sounds only once or after few pips away. It sounds all the way until next candle. It is ok if in M1 chart but uncomfortable if it crosses in higher TF. Just imagine it sounds for 1 hour or more.

Anyway, thanks alot.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
send me yours because mine doesnt' sound at all and i 'll see what i can do ;

but , IMHO just use the kino cci rsi v5 it's my best one

while cci79 is >0 trade only long and vice versa

kino

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
It is what you wanted ?

i have made it right now , with 2 EMA & 1 SMA

you can change settings

but ; lol I really don't undrestand why all of you want such indicators ?

you never tell me if your trading is better or no !

as i have tell you , kino CCI RSI v5 is the best

kino

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Owh, sorry, I only have the ex4 only. I got it here also sometimes ago. Maybe I missed the mql one.

BTW, I will use the one you suggested. Hope it is in the attachment here.

Thank you & hv a great day!

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Good morning Kino,

This morning at about 07:30 CET I saw you reply here. Thank you very much for your efforts in putting this indi together.

However I am looking for a T3MA ribbon version.....

I don't know if you can find the time to realize that..... Maybe it's a lot more work????

Anyway if you can do this I promise to show how it may be used to bring the influnece of TF15 and TF5 (for instance) into TF1

by just using that T3MA ribbon. It's not completely new... but there is an interesting point of view in it that would like to share...

Of course I do understand that you want to see results of your efforts!!

Presently I am using single T3MA's. A T3MA ribbon however will present a much better visual image of how this may be used.... especially in scalping setups!

Looking forward to your reply, John

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2527813]Good morning Kino,

This morning at about 07:30 CET I saw you reply here. Thank you very much for your efforts in putting this indi together.

However I am looking for a T3MA ribbon version.....

I don't know if you can find the time to realize that..... Maybe it's a lot more work????  ....

sure , it is , i have found T3MA on the web

and i'll try to make Ribbon version

sorry i' have understood you want 3MA or SMA  don't know that T3MA exists

my english is bad , but with all this posts i'm getting better in English , Coding

and trading ? ........ euh no time for this

kino

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
[quote=kinonen;2528245]
I see what happened. I'll be patient....

Have a sucesfull tradingday with EurUSD nicely going up again...

Regards, John

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
is it possible to add an Alert to this one?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Got my first trade with over 10 pips on this system.  Entered on around the vertical part of the crosshair.  Could have entered earlier but didnt see it till I did.  Up till this point it has been little pips here little bit of pips lost because I have been using 25 pip trails.  These have been getting stopped out constanly so I have stopped using them.  Great system and since the begining of this week I have been making and keeping the pips great system.

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2528323]
i'm always on demo , will open a live when i have more $$$$ ;

25 + 25 = 50 pips today  (120 pips since wenesday)! 3 days

the most important for me is to make %winners > 80%

9 trades and 8 winners 1 small loss

i'm a fan of CCIs , before i play this system i was using CCI woodies

(one day i've made 23winners and 1loss in a day an 400pips)

for those of you that are asking why i'havent a real account, i will say that i'm a "gambler" (not playing cards or ...) , and sometimes i want play counter trend , now i am more concenscious , and will never do that now , and i'm just waiting to open a live account when i'll have more than 20,000$ ; i'm not so in a hurry ; i learned a lot , with all of you , and Forex Factory's threads

kinonen

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
imho i will go short THREE bars before the vertical line !

(happy to see all my indicators on your screenshots)

kino

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
goods entry point to day

screen attached

kino

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
I agree entirely Kino but like I said I caught it a little late

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
[quote=kinonen;2528555]
Hi Kino,

I don't want to come across like Mr Know-it-all and certainly don't want to kick in open doors, but since you have not traded a live account yet..... I want to give you a bit of advice, for I know that most traders have experienced a big difference trading demo versus real live account..... which has to do with emotion and fear of loosing real money.

There are a few things to consider before starting a live account. Maybe you have done this already and am I writing this invain..... In that case someone else may consider these matters:

1. Take care that you have a good (MM) money management system. You can't do without it.

2. If you are scalping like the FX-50 system it is very useful to place and close your orders using 1 or 2 Click scripts. For in real live scalping it's sometimes a matter of seconds between a "winner" or a "looser".

Quite often some brokers requote prices when you want to open a trade. A script will take of that immediately.

Some scripts for taking longs and shorts have already a built-in MM-decision, which eases taking postions.

3. Consider starting with an account of no more than 2000 and build it up. I know it's tempting to start with a bigger account, for everyone always imagines great wins..... but your losses at the beginning will also be bigger.

Many years ago I had to learn it the hard way.....

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2529248]

Thanks so much to everyone here for all the help and kindness.

John, or anyone else for that matter, where is the best place for one click open orders scripts etc. (I cannot get my "close all open orders" script to do just that. I get an error:4109. Edit: found answer to error; check "allow live trading" in tools, options, ea's.

It would also be great to open a buy/sell with a click of a script - more than just one lot and without a confirmation popup box, ...or anything else with one click for that matter!!! Hate that popup box when I want in quick and with a preadjustable mini/standard lot size.

Thanks all!

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Hi all hows the trading going I have been busy just can't get much free time to work on indicators to better this system. BUT, f4's journal has some great info and he is the hero with this system, here is the link to his thread and thanks f4 for all your help.  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=71075

fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
I don't know if I'm all that, But Thank you. I do trade this on the 1m, 5m and daily. with very different profit targets on each....Know i'm a profit taker, not a trade holder on the 1min and have no issues taking 7 to 15 pips a pop over and over. In times like this I would rather have 5 or 6 10 pip winning trades, only taking high probability entries. than holding them for the magical 50 plus pips but getting my stop's hit much much more often. LOL I was just PM'ed about what I'm looking for to exit....why I brought this up. Thanks FX and did you look closely, Testing different settings on CCI and liking it...ohh and the CCI, A little of my thoughts, a little of kino's magic.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
it is true F4, i use your strat, its successfull, i still test other strats on other currency's, but the main Currency i concentrate on is EUR/USD & GBP/USD nothing more, and for kino dam love his indicators.

For the Scripts i never thought of using them to open/close trades, since im a perfectionnist and i like things done the easy way, people ask for a buy /sell script, well there is already a buy script within metatrader, so i modified them and made BUY & SELL scripts, no S/L no T/P. done 3 different ones for 10k - 50k and 100k orders

im not a coder i tried other scripts but it doesnt work maybe to old, for S/L & T/P just use an MM EA (i use mauro trailing and/or TrailingLinesEA) not bad at all. i dont rely on it very much just to make it easier for me instead of typing every trade my settings, the quicker your in a trade the better also im lazy for that lol !!!

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
i dont know other S/L or T/P EA's but these 2 are Good, had a hard time with Mauro trailing because i have fxpro and i figured out that you need to add a 0 at your desired pips TP or SL or Trailing because its a 6 digit broker

TrailingLinesSL_TP = Drag and Drop it creates SL & TP lines (goes in expert/script folder)

Mauro_Trailing (default 5 digits) MoneyManagement EA (goes in expert folder)

so i modified Mauro trailing for 6 digits brokers Mauro_Trailing_6digits

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
[quote=Dan Johnston;2529903]
Hi Dan,

Last year...... and more often since the start of the global financial crises some brokers nowadays more and more start behaving like ordinary thieves..... just stealing more and more pips right at the moment you want to open a trade.

One phenomenon in this respect is the all of a sudden widening of spread at irregular intervals. For instance EURGBP is targeted with several brokers quite recently with pipspreads as wide from 3 to 20 at around 20 GMT upto 04 GMT. So be careful and check with your broker what they are up to tomorrow..... next week..... or in the near future.....

They also do that with the fixed spread currency pairs like EURUSD by all of a sudden popping up "Requote" screens. It' s obvious they want to disorientate you right at that moment and have you click away on that pop up.

In the beginning I have done that as well and noticed sometimes pipspread losses on EurUSD for as much as 8 pips instead of the usual 2.

Here are some scripts..... You may have to try them and see which ones work with your broker, for I have noticed difference of function of these scripts between brokers as well.

To adjust MM decision and the like just open these scripts in Metaeditor and fill in your personal needs regarding TP and SL.

Before using those scripts...... do test them on a demo account with the same broker you have your live account !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Good Luck, John

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
oh thanks John Edwards i was trying to find some that works besides the ones i edited myself

yeah it mostly beause of the digits, i have interbank and fxpro and some cripts dont work, because of the 5 or 6 digits issue i guess,

** i just tested your scripts with SL/TP on IBFX and ALLOW LIVE TRADING is automatically taking out you have to check it everytime you take a trade and close all positions doesnt work does an error

but on FXPRO your scripts with SL/TP they work fine and ALLOW LIVE TRADING is checked, also the close all positions works good ***

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
OK now i just found why they were'nt working correctly, you must click TOOLS/OPTIONS/EXPERTS ADVISORS and check ALLOW LIVE TRADING, dam i feel like a noob lol !!!

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Maxzeus,

Thanks you filled me in on that. Didn't know that was the issue....

B.T.W I also mailnly trade E/U and G/U and hope for a E/U breakout above 1.2950 after 08:00 GMT. Have a succesful trading day, John

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
boy its so much easier with those scripts

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Well here is a must read thread why those scripts should be used:

http://www.forex-tsd.com/metatrader-...terbankfx.html

Have a great trading   day using the fabulous FX-50 trading system,

John

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
I also only use scripts. I'll test the few loaded and see how different they are from mine. If I still like mine better I'll up load them here. watch trailinglines script. it very nice but does not always close a order when it should.

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
I'll look over those 2 other MA's tomorrow when I have time. I like a standard MA, tried to trade the XPMA once before and live I didn't do well with it. Plus I have 3 or 4 updated versions since the one you posted came out. I'll try and find them. thanks for posting them

LOL was meant for journal. Over slept tonight busy day with my boys....still waking up.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
I've been following this thread since the start and had fair results trading the 1 min chart (live account)

I have however been trading 5min charts for great results.  Just wondering anyone else been doing the same?

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
depends how the market is moving...but yes at times I trade the 5m

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2529248][quote=kinonen;2528555]

Hi Kino,

I don't want to come across like Mr Know-it-all and certainly don't want to kick in open doors, but since you have not traded a live account yet..... I want to give you a bit of advice, for I know that most traders have experienced a big difference trading demo versus real live account..... which has to do with emotion and fear of loosing real money.

thanks a lot for your answer and advices

when i'll be ready i'll carefull

kino

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Its nice that some of you still profit from this system, I for one don't have luck trading it now in 2009, I had about 10 losses in a row, I don't know if I really pick only ''the ones'', after pulling a trigger, market always seems to turn direction, no matter how good signal looks like...

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Yeah I hear ya. It's a tough market right now. Barely making some money. Most of the time I break even. I just hope that the situation will soon change. I hate to see the market like that.

D.

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Obviously you do something wrong or don't validate your trades on the TF5 before pulling the trigger.

Something else you may want to have a look at is divergencies. You have to develop an eye for that on the CCI as well. Look for divergencies and you will have better trade setups.

Here is a pdf on divergencies.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
sup stinger, I am monitoring this method using the 5m but more often now on the 15m. Its far more stable and provides less trades which sometimes is better as you risk over trading. thing is, I cannot watch it all day and so I miss certain moves. I work full time so I am looking at trying to have some sort of alarm to alert me when a trade is imminent. I have been testing a CCI alert however, it only alerts when the current profile is selected. I have various profiles for my currencies.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Hi, I have an indicator named fib generator. Can some one here change this indicator so it only shows the zig zag and three fib numbers , the 00, the 50, and the 100 fib lines.

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
don't know if i have made the good job

don't know well iCustom coding

settings , you will see if you want change them

kino

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Kino,

I am very happy to see you are pretty close to the solution.....   however there still is a (small) problem regarding the Volume Factor multiplication. If you compare the Ribbon to 2 single T3MA's..... You will immediately see the differences. Can you solve this?

Those of you who want to try this indicator by Kino will need the T3MA. So here it is.

THX, John

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
I made 35 pips in less than 1 hr seating in front of the chart. I practically just have the DoubleCCI with SMA as my indicator and Kino's CCI Filter for a faster visual of my entries. I am using the 79/24 CCI settings with a 40 SMA for a better idea of how strong is the trend. I opted to draw S/R and Trend lines rather than having the HAS candles blocking me the price action. The system is great and the best I ever saw. You just need to mold it to your trading style.

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
me to i dont use the on chart Heiken ashi, blocks to much valuable info, because i look at the candles for simple price action, helps a lot, so i use kinos HA, its similar to your CCI Filter also his multi indicator lite very usefull

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Hi Artifiz,

Kino produced quite a number of indi's..... and I went through all of them listed on this thread.... however couldn't find the kino CCI Filter you are using here. Could you please post it?

THX, John

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
sorry but I really don't see any difference with 2 T3MA , they both are just on the same lines of kinoT3MA with my settings , but you can change settings i have put =

6- 0.7   &   12 - 0.7  (instead of 15-0.7 for your T3MA)

don't understand what use you can obtain with such lagging indicator , show me a screen

i will see tomorrow , next week i'm going to London and would not have time !

kinonen

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
here screen with other settings

for "your" kinoT3MA ribbon"

1.5 for factor seems better for TF1min

as you can see not so diff from my other indi above

but still interesting

kino

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
On the screen you see T3MA 36/0.59 (Red= Ribbon and Magenta=Single) and T3MA 54/0.63 (Green=Ribbon and Lime=Single). Only the T3MA Single (Magenta and Lime) versions show the right curves.

What I have noticed is that on the T3MA Ribbon you can't change the VolumeFactor...... any figure below 0.99 in reality presents 0.7 for Volme Factor on the Ribbon version. Using a figure of 1 and higher only wil give a different VolumeFactor influence on this indicator.

So what you see here on the Ribbon version is always a VolumeFactor of 0.7 no matter what you would fill in here below 1.0 .....

B.T.W. There is another issue regarding refreshing....

I know it's a lagging indicator..... but I promise you absolutely will be surprised for what purpose it will be used. When finshed I will give a full explanation in detail......

Regards, John

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
The refreshing issue was inside the code of the previous version of T3MA I have posted earlier....

This one has a solved refreshing issue...... Just download and overwrite.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
I HAVE overwrited in folder my earlier T3MA with yours , and now with settings i've put above 4 8 & factor 1.5 i have a signal 4 bars earlier !! it's good

am I supposed to make something else ? or it's OK now !

kino

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Hi Kino,

The T3MA is specially designed for using Volume Factors below 1..... so in the range of 0.13 upto 0.99.

Actually you normally wouldn't use any Volume Factor above the value of 1.

When you substitute different numbers in that range you should notice highs and lows expand with higher values out of that range..... say for instance a value of 0.81....

Subsequently you should see a decrease of highs and lows when using values on the lower side of that range.... say for instance 0.27.....

You can check how this should function..... using the single T3MA version first and next compare how this should funtion in the same way with the ribbon version.

Now when you substitute in the current Ribbon Version any value between 0.13 and 0.99 into the Volume factor fields you will notice nothing will happen to the highs and lows, i.e. it will in all cases present the same curve ..... as if in all cases 0.7 would have been substituted for value.....

I hope you do understand me now?

Regards, John

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
John, here it is. I use the first bar in my chart as 24 CCI with 25 for upper trigger and -25 for lower trigger in the properties settings. Lower Filter set to 79 CCI with 50 and -50 for the trigger setting in the properties box.

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
Artifiz, Thanks for your explanation how you are using this indi....

Have a nice day and pips   coming your way, John

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Please, do you have a chat room??

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2534055]Hi Kino,

The T3MA is specially designed for using Volume Factors below 1..... so in the range of 0.13 upto 0.99.

Actually you normally wouldn't use any Volume Factor above the value of 1.

When you substitute different numbers in that range you should notice highs and lows expand with higher values out of that range..... say for instance a value of 0.81....etc.............

Ok now i understand want you want but , but what about using T3MA twice on your graph with differents settings for each , because ribbon is not so imprtant ! (it's only beautiful to see and read ), but 2 X T3MA make the same job !

btw i will try to modify T3MA's code

with 2 sets of value ;

kino

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
[quote=kinonen;2534587]
Kino it's just all about the Ribbon..... The ribbon is vital for the purpose I want to share. I know that in principle I can do it with two T3MA's..... however the picture is too crowded that way. Therefore I need the Ribbon version.

So I hope you can put it together, but if it is way too difficult a job you shouldn't proceed and we may ask help of some other coder. Tell me what you think. Thanks for putting all your efforts in it anyway....

John

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2534933]
try this one ; i' think this time it's good

but not very sure because iCustom are something strange

let me know

put in folder and overwrite the previous one

kino

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
[quote=kinonen;2535196]
Good morning Kino,

I have tested it late yesterday evening and now it is working exactly the way it should...... Thank you very much ! You absolutey have done a marvelous job!

I need a couple of days to prepare the text and a template.  So next week I'll share my views......

Here is a special note for fxtrading24 who originated this thread:

Will you allow me to share my views in this thread on how Kino's T3MA Ribbon can be helpful in fact in any scalp trading sytem? I would like to share it here because in this setup the rest of the fundamentals remain the same as with FX-50 Scalping System...... though I use at present #Kino_CCI_RSI_V5

Have a succesful trading day and a nice weekend too, John

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Ohh...thanks John, will look into it and study more about that...

Regards

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
First Hello to everyone. I am new to this thread and i find very useful information here. Please Kino can you tell me how can i set kino_t3ma_ribbon to go behind price action ?Is this possible. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2536918]
========

i'm glad to read that it'is what you exactly expected for this ribbon indic;
can i have the ribbon of tenacity please ?

i'm waiting for your strategy &

thanks for sharing your knowledge

(i can't trade with all these indicators to code , i hope we all find a good strategy and we could apply it easily with clear rules )

have a nice day

kino

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
you right click on graph or F8 key , and on proprieties ,common , and there you find a  place where you can choose candles behind or below

kino

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2536918]
John, looking forward to read and learn from your views and approach on this indicator. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
While we are waiting on him.. what would you use as the traditional

settings for the new t3ma ribbon filled on 5 min charts? What would you enter in the settings for the best result..for traditional use of an indi like this?

BTW..love your cci rsi v5...great indicator!

Thanks

Brian

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
my cci rsi v5 is my best one (for the moment )

i'm waiting John's explanations and settings,he promises a big surprise, wait and see ..., for now i'm playing with P&F boxes

kino

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2536918]
Yes John always looking for better trading ideas and inputs, you are more than welcome to add to the thread with your ideas inputs etc. I am sure we would all appreciate it.

Thanks John

fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
yeah john waiting for your well appreciated experienced inputs.

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
I am very curious John, because of the high quallity posts you allready have done on this thread. Thanks for your generosity for sharing your insights!

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
yes it's great Kino! very good piece of work, you are a great indicator coder and your dedication to this thread is highly appreciated by me. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
kino can you explain the cci rsi v5  and how it works? the triggers ?are they the arrows ? ect what is the pale green line and what is the dark blue ? also anyone using it plse more info thanks

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Would you mind confirming what the dark blue line is on the cci v 5

indicator?

sorry...ok so with defaults the blue is the 34 cci and the other is the 170

correct?  So do people like using it on 5 min with those defaults

or to go with the other indicators do you use this indi with 21/89

settings instead?

Thanks everyone

Brian

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
go post 1337 & above please for explanations

now the best settings are 24 and 79

(golden i've sent to you a PM)

i will make changes next week

bye all

kino

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
don't trust arrows all the time , only indications that good conditions are met but not graved on stone , but you can prepare to trade at those moment according whith others indic or pivots or ...

kino

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
24 and 79..ok awesome.  thanks!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
Since we are on this indi.. do you have recommended setting for 1 hr time frame Kino?  or any others who use it rt on 1 hr..I have a different setup I would love to use this with, fmi.

thanks for your help!

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
How to use kino T3MA Ribbon Filled in FX-50 Scalping System……

We are familiar with filtering zones, like that of MTF Has Bars and all kinds of other bars to determine influence of higher TF’s on trade setups. Thanks to Kinonen who developed the ribbon version of T3MA it’s now possible to have a different view on tradingzones versus non trading zones immediately in the chart itself.

About a year ago I came across a trading system using T3MA’s very intelligently (trendtrading http://www.forex-tsd.com/suggestions...e-mtf-has.html), developed by Radatats.
So for all the fundamentals on T3MA’s you have to go there…..

Using this system for quite while I noticed that if one would use two T3MA’s instead of one…. It’s easier to determine better trade setups, because now you could notice how price rises up out of the zone between them……… or falls out of this zone. Quite often you can see here the formation of triangles before price breaks out!

My reasoning regarding all of this is the simple conclusion that at each TF level there are traders that move fast and there are others that move slow. When price arrives at a high probability trade the majority of fast movers at each level tend to enter and exit a trade near the faster T3MA and the majority of slow movers tend to enter and exit trades near the slower T3MA of the ribbon…. The rest of the traders trade in chaos, using all kinds of different timing.
This results in higher grades of support and resistance right at the edges of the ribbons. Example: when you see price f.i. fall out the Green TF1 ribbon line and next it retraces towards this Green line and next being rejected this is most of the time the start of high probability trade. Example 3 shows the beginning of such a trade…. Three bouncing retracements in a row at a very narrow TF1 ribbon Green and Red line very Close = High resistance.

In fact in my FX-50 Scalping setup the fundamental go / no go of a trade is still also being determined by #Kino_CCI_RSI_v5…. So nothing new there, though I strongly advise to always check for divergencies as well…. Crossing of the Blue CCI and Gray CCI near the zero line are the better indications for starting a trade. A continued trade is usually possible when the Gray CCI stays on the same side of the zero line and the Blue CCI crosses again in the same direction….. or sharply rises or falls out of the Gray CCI in the same direction….

New in this setup is, that there are three T3MA ribbon zones visisble: a TF1 ribbon (darkest colours, edges red and green), a TF 5 Ribbon (less dark colours )  and a TF 15 ribbon (yet lesser dark colours). This is all calculated in a similar way as in the Rads System….. just by multiplication. The TF 15 zone has been adjusted a little for Volume Factor. Using higher TF zones is not useful for our Scalping purposes…. Therefore these are left aside.

Zone Characteristics:

1. When price rises from or falls out of all three zones at the same time (especially when they are very narrow and close together) it’s going to be a high probability trade. Price goes into black area. These are by far the best trade setups….. for the simple reason that there is no price rejection by one of the other ribbons !!!!  Look at example in chart 1.

2. When price rises from TF1 ribbon and TF1 ribbon starts rising above TF5 and TF15 ribbons (Strong Uptrend), it’s very likely that this breakout to the upside will present more than one trade. Most of the time two or three trades are possible here. The same goes for the opposite direction when price falls out of TF1 ribbon and TF1 ribbon falls under both TF5 and TF15 ribbon (Strong Downtrend)….. now check #Kino_CCI_RSI_v5 and look for more than 1 Short trade in a row.

3. When price goes from one zone (say TF1) towards another (say TF5) look for support or resistance on the edges. Look at Chart 2. Usually a zone can be entered by price when a zone is widening and price will be rejected when a zone is narrowing. When a Zone is very narrow resistance/ support will usually be high, though price crosses with ease right at the center crossing of a ribbon (i.e at crossing of ribbon lines of that specific TF ribbon. Most of the time this will be the case with TF1 Ribbon when this happens).

4. Trading in the space between Ribbon Zones (i.e. in black area) usually too presents good trade setup possibilities when price is not (immediately) going to be rejected by a nearby Ribbon or a pivot, etc. The wider the black space between the zones the better the chances for a good trade setup….. yet always verify any trade at the same time with #Kino_CCI_RSI_v5 and strength of divergency.

5. Trading inside a wide opened zone (say TF15) is also possible, For instance when trading GBPJPY you will notice this zone quite often to be very wide. Now when TF1 ribbon has entered and price rises or falls out of TF1 ribbon…… and simultaneously TF5 ribbon being at sufficient distance for price not to be rejected….. price quite often will rise or fall to the other side of the TF15 ribbon. Example 4: Trade starts inside TF15 ribbon on support of both TF1 and TF5 Ribbon.

I have also inserted Kijun 25 Royalblue and Tenkan 13 Red dotted lines for Tradeguidance and optimizing trade entrance and exit.

The dots in the chart are derived from a BraintrendSig indicator which I have modified just a little and called BraintrendSig3.mq4. The number of dots now are highly reduced and the dots that do appear are most of the time in line with the first appearing green or red bar on  #Kino_CCI_RSI_v5 and quite often also in line with the arrows here. Red dots are only useful when in or going in a downtrend. Lime Dots are only useful in the opposite situation..... going up or in an uptrend.

I hope you like this different FX-50 Scalping setup and hopefully it also will contribute to your trading skills and revenues !

BTW the indicators and template are in my next post.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Thanks John for sharing your insights. Looks very good indeed.

Combining the excellent work of Radatats with Kino's, and the Ichi is inspired.

Waiting eagerly for uor template and indicators

Regards

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Here are the indicators and template,

BTW T3MA is not shown on the chart, however must also be in experts/indicators map.

Cheers John,

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Thanks John, is looking very good - just noticed that the braintrend3 appears not to be working - does it need another indi its calling on?

Regards

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Here is another trade setup example.

Good Luck trading  "!actiontrade FX-50 Scalp System".

Too here is the one missing indicator of the template. in case you didn't have it already. #Kino_CCI_RSI_v5.mq4,

John

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
You are right...... I have to check this and will upload a.s.a.p.

John

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Sorry, at first glance I thought it was calling on another Braintrend Indicator. In the meantime I have opened BraintrendSig3 in Metaeditor and couldn't find any indicator it could be calling on......

Next I have removed all the possible Braintrend Indicators from the indicators file and still I have the dots on all my charts....

Anyone else can help us here?

John

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Thanks a lot... Mr John Edwards....

Very detailed explanation and informative too..... Thanks for sharing your valuable knowledge.

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
John, a very big thank you for your contribution and added system improvement. I just came home and have to go away again, so I don't have time to study on it right now but I am very interested in learning your approach. Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Maybe Braintrend is not in the template?

When  I try to attach the indicator to the chart, this won't work. so it's possible that the indicator has a problem in the code.

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Hey John,

I like what you did too. But would it be possible to post more examples so that I or we can get a better picture on what you mean with your template. I understand what you are saying in your post but me personally, would like more of your explanatory pic's.

Thanks.

D.

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
I think it is calling on the indicator below. Put in the map "include" under experts........ so in metatrader/experts/include

Hope this helps..... otherwise I haven't a clue.

John

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Plse read the text over and over and also study Rads thread and examples.

Here is an example just happened on EurUsd,

John

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Im sad to say it but i've just lost 4000 uk pounds today playing this system...Guttted.  Did really well on demo account.

Just didn't work out on live

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
As expected.....

John

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Sorry to say.... but you are a complete fool if you do not demotrade any new system you see, until you have full grasp over all its positive and negative sides...... be it a manual or robot trading system.... At least take 1 month to demotrade, till you are capable of making money on a demo account with any new trading system......

There just doesn't exist a trading system that is good for each and every trader. You have to select and find the one trading system that does what is necessary for you !

Any trading system is as good or as bad as the one who trades it.....

Loosing money comes from not knowing what you are doing.......

Obviously my friend you are learning the hard way...... Take care before you take a leap into the dark next time.

Good luck anyway, John

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
I would just like to say i've been a reader of this system from the begining and DID trade demo for over 2 months and did well from it.  Im not sure if your thinking i've used your template to trade, if you did think that then your wrong as I didn't

I do think my downfall was to trade large lots once I was losing money. Also trading live has different emotions than trading demo, as im sure everyone is aware

also I dont feel the need for you to put your responce in BOLD BLACK TEXT in your post, im quite happy reading your posts in the normal font, size, and type thank you very much

Im sure other people will see the post and use this as warning which is way I made the post in the first place.  Im sure other people have made loses, but never post them.

i do know i've been a silly man and know I will learn from whats happend and i would just like to say I do value everyones help on here and people have been very very helpfull

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
John,

i was looking at the screen shots you posted and do have a quick question if thats ok?

do you only take trades within Ribbon?

Thanks for your help

Wayne

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Wayne, I preferably trade outside ribbons..... But that is not a rule of thumb. Trades that bounce once may on retracement easily enter the next TF zone as you can learn from the latter examples I gave here on EurUSD.

Please study the material I gave on the previous page, until you can tell all the basic rules by heart.....

Test it ..... test it ..... and practice as long as is needed until you make easily 8 winners out of 10 time and again. Study the Rads technique as well beacuse than you will also much better understand how this setup works.

Good Luck, John

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
I apologize for being to quick with my conclusions. I now understand the details how it went wrong....... Yes, there is a big difference in emotional attitude when real money is at stake..... Too often neglected indeed !!!

So please learn this...... When its your first account...... Never ever start trading with an account over US $ 2000 or do not put more at risk than a fixed percentage of your accountsize. Losses never may be more than 1 or 2 %.

Start with the lowest lotsizes possible...... as long as you have not mastered your emotions..... Next gradually increase lotsize when you are making 8 wins out of 10.

Even better use scripts that automatically decide the right lotsize any time you take a trade....

Good luck once more, John

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Another follow up.... John

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Start with micro lot....In demo account, the orders filled very quickly, however, in real accounts it get filled in ufavourable position.

So, better to start with micro lot and then increase your lot size by just risking 50% of your previous profit.

My 4 cents

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Here is a trade I took, i entered just after the red line CCI 89 looking good for a long, then changed to short, ending in a bad trade.

Any help would be great

Cheers

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Cheers, I think i'll be playing will very small lots from now now on

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Hi wayne, First look at what price is doing. It crossed the MA from above to below. So That should warn you. After breaking down the MA, it makes a little retracement and bounces from the MA down. That was happening at your entry.

CCI Looked okay, but if I look at your MA, it looks like it was un uptrend and allready changed into down... only little retracement with too enthousiastic CCI.

Kino's CCi wasn't that nice for a long position!

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
Hi Wayne, Look at Kino_CCI_RSI_v5 still under zeroline...... This is the first no go for long. Second no go for long here is:   Imagine a trendline over both CCI's.... that shows they are coming down under the zeroline..... which means continuing downtrend.

Third no go for long: There is no divergency prelude on the CCI's, nor do they show a substantial rise towards the zero line (it's all of too short duration).

You should have gotten out as soon as the CCI's fel under the bars..... or when the first red bar started growing under the Heiken Ashi.

See you can't do without divergency..... it's the only tool which tells you beforehand which way price is ecpected to go.

Hope this helps, John

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Cheers for the info Jazz - Just out of interest is anyone trading this live?? if so anyone making and keeping good money from it.

Im trading micro lots tomorow and see if I can get back to winning trades.

I think im gonna have nightmares about my lost $$$$ tonight

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Thanks also John, just spotted your post.

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Stinger give this a try on your charts Fxsnipers sidewinder this is the sidewinder intended for use with woodies cci I use it on all my charts. Here is my chart with it above the cci. This has kept me out of alot of bad trades

Green poss trade meaning the cci is agreeing with the trade and other indicators.
Yellow Caution
Red no trade

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Hey Stinger,

I think by now you got some advice already, but I just want to throw something in what I do.

In your DoubleCCIWoddy, the sma line, in your case it might be 21 or 30 I really don't know, but this is how I orient myself on where the trade goes.

Watch closely the line and in what direction it goes. In your case, the sma was clearly tending down and therefore going down in the first place. Next time, observe the sma line and in what direction is goes. I hope that helps a little bit. It certainly helps me. Any more questions, let it rip.

D.

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
Greetings to you all!

Heaps of thanks for posting such brilliant work, my trading has improved vastly thanks to you all, I hope to post samples once I gain confidence in my trades.

Question: how does one convert mq4 and ex4 scripts for use on the PureDeal Platform offered by IG markets?

Regards to all and please keep up the great work.

Ron.

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
Another example..... just happened on EurUSD,

John

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
It's important to determine why there is not an immediate continuation of a next long here...... and also why there is < so far > no setup for a strong retracement either.

First we see here a block of the Blue CCI..... a breakout to the upside is unlikely...... moreover a breakout above the Gray CCI wouldn't happen close to the zeroline.

An immediate strong retracement is unlikely as well, because TF15 and TF5 zone are still at remarkable distance from price..... so TF5 and TF15 traders presently are still in holding mood and may be looking for their next buy or adding....

So we enter a ranging area and just have to wait for the moment when we see clear signals on the kino_CCI_RSI-v5 that a next opportunity is arriving.

John

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
Another thing is vital in determining valid trades...... when trading between the three TF zones. I call it the minimum required pipdistance , i.e. there must be enough space for price to rise or fall between the TF zones.

How you determine this pipdistance, is shown in the graph.

In this example we see TF5 is going like an opening triangle, which means price will most likely fall through this zone and bounce on the TF15 zone..... next most likely will retrace towards the TF5 zone and bounce here...... next it most likely will try to fall through the TF15 zone.....

This is a scenario which repeats over and over again trading between the TF zones.

Good Luck, John

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Good catch JE!

pop

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Thats a nice chart thanks for sharing it!

Regards

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Thanks John,

Those explanations really help a lot.

D.

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Stinger, start small, the smallest they will let you, take it slow and get use to the differences between trading a demo and trading live. Also make sure the set up and time frame suit you personally and it's something you can trade. Speaking of set up's...Thanks for the effort and the set up/write up... John Edwards. Great stuff. I love reading your post and insight into the market....That said, stinger even though John's set up is a great set up, It's not something I can trade personally, Both myself and John look at a chart a little differently and need different things from a chart and on a chart. I read and load up everything John post and have learned a lot from him, But everybody takes in information differently and you have to find what speaks to you personally and what flows with your personal style of taking in visual information. For myself If theirs too much info on a chart or too much clutter, I'm lost. Wish I was the type of person who could take in everything John's chart is showing me, I do believe the more info you have on a currency and set up, the better to take a trade. But for myself, I need the facts, I need what I feel is important info and just the basics, Where a lot of people are drawing trend lines and divergence on charts. I'm always doing that on my charts but visually. it's just how I do it.

Thanks again John and good luck stinger

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Hey John,

Got a question.

In the pic, what is wrong if I would have entered where the red arrow is?

D.

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Hi Dirk,

I can't seem to get the brintrend 3 sig dots on my charts - I think another user had the same problem. Could u pls help - is there another indi I need to add.

Thanks

Regards

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Did you do what John said in post #1500. If not just do that and it should work.

D.

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
Yes, put the indi in the include folder - still no joy. will also put it in the exp/ind folder, c if that works!!

Thanks

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
And it did!!

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Do me a favor and go to the Metaquotes Language Editor. In there you go to the right site on the "Navigator" and click on the plus symbol for indicators. Then you look for the BrainTrend3sig in that folder. Double click on it and then go to the upper scale of the window and click on compile. All the way on the bottom, there is a windows and it tells you the progress of the compiling. What does it say after you triggered the compile button?

D.

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
I imagine you have been looking at the CCI cross near the zero line, which could have been an indication for price going down. In cases like this it's better if the Gray CCI would have been already under the zeroline and going down again after a retracement towards the zeroline first and next the Blue CCI join or cross the Gray CCI....

Secondly pipdistance is barely 20 pips towards the lowest T3MA of the TF15 zone.....

Thirdly the TF1 Zone is narrowing and the other TF zones are narrowing too, indicating Traders on TF5 and TF15 are still holding on to their positions.

Also note that Triangle formations on the TF1 are strongest...... as you can see the Trangle at around 14:25 hrs presses price down under TF5 zone into TF15 zone....

I hope this makes sense, John

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Hi John,

I really do appreciate the charts with comments. It's a new approach for me, and need time to learn how to look to the charts.

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
can someone (Kino?) make kinoRsi-color to draw in all bar history?

(ex4 file)

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Thanks John, your charts and very clear commentary are helping a lot.

Thanks again

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Have a look at this......

John

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
another great chart! thanks John.

I hope you will post some more trade exemples for us, it's really helping.

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
A EUR/USD trade I took

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
another look same chart, something else I'm looking at. broke resistance

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
If we are now entering a retracement...... It looks that way...... Next we look for a new breakout if the kin_CCI_RSI_v5 supports that.

Good Luck, John

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Hi Mr JE...

I've already read several times the key points and valuable notes on T3 Ribbon.... Gradually and slowly I've applied the techniques given with great success. Thanks a lot.

But I notice when I put all those T3s into MT4, my PC (core 2 duo) is getting slower and has actually not shown its actual performance like before.

Why is that so? Or maybe after using higher MAs or ribbons ? Any idea ?

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Have a look at this as well....

John

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Nice to hear that.

Regarding Computer running slow...... Most of the time Computers run slow when MTF indicators are being used. Here we only use non MTF's. Check if you have any MTF's on other charts..... otherwise I wouldn't know what causes this.

John

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
The folow up....

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
what's going on here !

i'm coming back from 2 days in London and i see what you've written now so many posts to read ! we'll wait and see if it's a profitable system

thanks John

kino

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
Glad you are back and can have a look at your splendid indicator and how we use it here.....

B.T.W. the kino_CCI_RSI_v5 has a problem with refreshing the bars. Can you have a look at that?.

Regards, John

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
In this chart you can see how triangles play a vital part in decision making....

There is a minor refreshing issue in the kino_CCI_RSI_v5, therefore I now use in this chart another of Kinonen's indicators at the bottom:

DoubleCCI-With_EMA.mq4

I use slightly different settings that I think go better with TF Zones. You'll find it below the chart.

John

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
John, the widening triangle in the smallest TF band is widening because of the up move price just have made. But price will breakout on the downside. So it looks like you say it isn't important why the band becomes widening. But it needs to become widening before taking position.

Is this right?

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
Here is my last setup this day.....

John

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
I didn't quite understand which triangle you are referring to..... but I see developments in this chart as follows.

Price first bounced in the rejection area because of he Yellow PivotLine.... Next Price enters the big Opening Triangle..... Next Price bounces because of the second Yellow PivotLine combined with the Narrowing Triangle here.

On its way down Price bounces up and down between TF1 and TF5 Zone..... however manages to come under the Tenkan and so it may enter the small Triangle here.... and continue to go down.

When under the Yellow PivotLine ..... You have a valid short because of enough pipdistance to make it profitable..

Hope this is what makes it clear?

John

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
Would it be easy..and if so, please do take the kino cci rsi v 5

and can you please make it an option we can have the arrows

from that painted on the price chart as well AND get an alert

pop up telling which pair with alarm when the cci rsi v5 signals

an up or down arrow. Please..this would be great!

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
I keep checking my charts... I have good filters and setup...and these

arrows on your great cci rsi v5 fit in sooo nicely..if I just could get those

alerts so I don't keep missing when the arrows are shown.. so if they

were on the price chart as well AND we could get an alert when they

come up. That would be awesome..Please Kino.

I very much appreciate it!!!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
When this happened I was asleep......

Anyway as an example it's certainly worth it to have a look at these two follow up charts.

The first chart shows how to determine the coming of a High Prob Trade.

The second chart shows how it went...

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
i've just add "TimeFrame" in the settings , so you can drop 3 times the indicator with respectively , 1 , 5 , and 15 !

zero (0) is the current time frame

( btw John i don't understand how you have put 3 different TF's T3M_ribbon without this modification)

kino

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
oups the indicator §

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
to day at 11H30 (french time) i was long on EURUSD @ 12607 and i'have placed TP @ 12657  (because i wanted make 50 pips !)

i 'll never do that again § at 13:05 the eur$ climbed until 12650 !!! and go south

so before placing your TProfit :

1°) see resistance and supports

2°) put always your trigger at round numbers xx50 or xx00

3°) see where is your SMA50

i know that you all know that but it's good to remember this from time to time

oh please , i receive many demands of coding indicators , i made so many indicators the last 2 months that i don't know the numbers (ask MaxZeus !) , for this thread and others , so please , let me take breathe a little ; thanks

camisa i have send you the modification kino RSIcolor

golden1 somewhere you can find Kino cciAlerts

another thing , someone makes a bad trade long , when both CCI are below zero , only shorts and vice et verça

as you can check eur$ reaches 12655  on S1 support at 16:10 (french time)

kino

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
btw John i don't understand how you have put 3 different TF's T3M_ribbon without this modification

oups excuse me now i'll see

you have just X the periods of the MA  (X5 X15)

it's ok

now you can use the TF version above if you want

kino (a little disturbed)

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
Hi Kino,

I have tried the MTF version already..... however get total different picture??? Can you explain why it's diferent?

John

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Not Bad at all........  About 200 pips on a Friday Afternoon !

Have a nice weekend,

John

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
WOW !!  today was a good day to trade, to bad i was at work working for PEANUTS

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
hi John

yes i have see that tomorrow !!!

would you please write me the settings

for initial T3M in your /indicators folder ?

are they = extern int Periods=9;

extern double VolumeFactor= 0.72;

thanks

kino

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
Nice charts that you share with us, is there anywhere a EA for this great system?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Hey John, noticed the kino ribbon is not updating. (kino_T3MA_ribbon_filled) Have you noticed?  primarily on my 15 min chart.

Regards,

Cigarguy

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
Do you know what setting to enter to get the zerolagstochs to alert

when the zerolag crosses?  You posted the alert a while ago and

I am playing with it now and wondering if you know what to enter

in settings so it alerts?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
I see in the code its entering 0 for alerty, which is odd, lol... sorry for

asking, didn't know it would be so easy. LOL

Brian

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Can anyone help me with finding the indicator called MTF HAS and how it is used.  Thanks inadvacne

Peace

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Hi John,

I still like your setup and will be busy with it these days. Unfortunately, I won't have much time I think this week. I want to say another thank you to you and I hope you can stay overhere and give us support with your charts with comments. Regards!

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
Not refreshing is an issue of using wrong T3MA.mq4 version. Download the one from page 100.......

Next..... MTF version of ribbon T3MA (from post #1558) is not working properly, so you need the ribbon T3MA posted on page 100.

Next the template (! Actiontrade FX-50 system) published on page 100 of this setup only may be used on the 1 minute timeframe. You can't use it on any other TF, for the TF zone ribbons TF1, TF5 and TF15 are calculated in the right manner only when used on 1 munte charts.

Hope that makes it clear and may solve your chart problems.

John

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Thanks John, not sure what page I downloaded these indies from. I will go back to page 100 and start over. Probably downloaded from the indies located above.

Thanks,

Cigarguy

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
Thanks again John, redownloaded all from page 100, that was the problem now working fine. I Appreciate the fast resonse.

Regards,

Cigarguy

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Is this a good John Edwards style trade?

Long entry at A, where the grey CCI resistance line is broken and the blue CCI crosses zero. Looks like TF5 gave support. But price is at TF1; problem? O no, I see, all three timeframes are into eachoter, so no entry here.

(Possible exit at B, where the grey CCI support line is broken and the blue CCI crosses zero and where Tenkan is broken.)

What about point C?? To early because of blue CCI?

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
Don't remember when and where I found this one, but it's quite nice as an extra tool to determine Price Action.

I modified it so it now meets my requirements

You can use it in any chart. I use it in a pop up chart in a corner of the screen...... therefore I have included a template for this purpose.

It's important to know too that this indicator has a small refreshment issue when starting up the MT4 platform..... Go to the indicator and mouseclick right on it..... on the pop-up window appearing left click OK..... and it should be running with no further problems.

Have a succesful trading day..... all of you, John

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
Thanks John!

If you have a minute, can you take a look at my chart two posts earlier?

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Point A would have been the best of all three..... however you can see that pipdistance is les than 30 pips towards the upper side of the TF15 Ribbon...... You can see here the hesitation to break above it.

Also point A has a wide crossing below zero of both's CCI's..... and still acording to FX-50 System rules the Gray CCI crosse later than the Blue one..... so a very weak setup here

Points B and C meet in now ay any of the requirements. i.e at B price is falling in strong support of both TF5 and TF15 zones..... so no short here.

At point C you see strong resistance of TF1 zone narrowing triangle shape.... so no long here

The better opportunities are arriving at the end of the chart... where TF5 zone now has completely broken above TF15 zone and also Blue Tenkan is in the middle of a narrow ..... but opening TF1 zone. Pipdistance towards next PivotLine is about 30. Also Gray CCI above zero and Blue CCI is meeting the Gray one here..... This one you could have taken at about 10:10 hrs charttime.

I checked it on the EURUSD 1 minute chart and indeed it exactly appeared to be the beginning of a HIGH PROB Trade (as outlined in the pages before starting at page 100).... So you were close!!!

Good luck, John

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
I am just reading and thinking your comments...

But:

point B, I meant it's a good exit if one traded long on A.

very usefull info John, Don't know what to say...

.......ok, I got it.....I hope I will remember and make good judgements next times....

In the mean time, I will highly appreciate your charts and comments

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Kino

I dont know if someone has asked you this but have you made an alarm for the CCI?

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Mr John,

Did you see an high prob entry on EurUSD last few hours?

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
don't know it's the good one

let's try

kino

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
To make this or any other Daytrading system more profitable..... you have to look for the major breakouts in a day (24 hrs). Here it is done by watching breakouts above or below all three Ribbons (TF1 TF5 and TF 15 zones).

Say you watch GBPUSD and EURUSD with this sytem for these major Breakouts or High Prob Trades (whats's in a name)..... when you see one occurring on either G/U or E/U.... you immediately start looking if a breakout is going to happen on the other one..... and next on other currency pairs as well....... for most of the time they occur pretty close to one another.

So in that way you actually start SwingTrading as well..... in fact that is what BasketTrading is also based on.

For more on details on this " other currency pairs joining the party " study Radatats method http://www.forex-tsd.com/suggestions...e-mtf-has.html

I can't teach you that.... you have to dig into that really deep yourself !

So..... Good luck in digging more knowledge, John

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
Breakout Swingtrades often occur simultaneaously. Another fact to keep in mind is that most of the time these breakouts occur because one currency makes a relative big move....

Here are three examples this afternoon of such a GBP move versus USD at 14:23 hrs, EURO at 14:25 hrs and NZD at 14:21 hrs.

Here are the charts.....

John

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
Thanks Kino Ill give it a shot and and let you know!

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
Hi John,

Exemple 1 and 2 are obvious.

Exemple 3 is not very clear to me. Is the vertical line a 'high prob' short entry, because TF15 upper line was resistance, TF5 has a diverging triangle, and TF1 is allready above? And TF5 target is far away enough?

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Hi John,

How do you use the tick indicator? Do you set it up on a 1min chart?

Or is there any other way to display price action on an MT4  chart with less than 1-min timeframe?

Thanks alot

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
In example 3 there is a clear triangle shape overruling resistance/support..... so price is falling right through.

John

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Hi Pipster,

Take a fresh chart from the menue...... You may set it to 1 minute if you like. Right click on it and attach the template.

Next resize this chart to a smaller window and put it in a corner of your screen or wherever you want it. You may have to right click on the indicator to solve the refreshment issue as outlined in the previous post regarding this tick indicator.

Hope that does it for you...

John

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
great teacher John, thanks again

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
settings are

extern int CCI1   =  79;

extern int CCI2   =  24;

extern int value1 =    0;

extern int value2 = 250;

so if you want alerts on 100 or -100
then change value1 & 2

and if you ONE CCi only you make CCI1=CCI2

ok ?

kinonen

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
Thanks John. Much appreciated

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Just a quick question going back to the original FX-50 setup.  Has anyone neem trading this on 5mins??.....i've been having a good week and a half using this timeframe...Much much better (for me) than 1 min

What do guys think??

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
EURUSD

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
Always have the 5m chart up and it certainly seems to work but I havn't traded it because larger stops are required? How big your stops? Also are u checking next TF up before entry?

cheers, steve

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
Ive been slamming the 5m and that is all I use for this strat.  My stops are between 20-45 pips depending on currency but my wins are 30-100 pips.  with Id say about 75% winning percentage.  I couldnt get consistency on the 1m but hey that may just be me glad to see others doing well with the 5.

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
Hey kodflakes, here my percentage of winning its better in 5m too... but do you using the original fx50 or fxprime indicators or what?

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
oo
hi kodflakes!

it's good !

are you using my kino cci alerts indicator ?

one of mine i tell you to change settings ?

CCI79 or CCI24 and 100 & -100 levels ?

kino

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Where is Canadian Dude?

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
he's lurking somewhere around here

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Heh...saw him selling his ''magic'' v2 filter on Ebay for 97$...So hes still in fooling people around...lol

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
Hi,

Lately there have been quite a number of posts regarding TF5 trading and how good it is to use them with the FX 50 Scalping System...... and I agree 100%..... In fact it is vital to do so.

I thought that everyone who has been trading this system understood that, because right at the beginning of this thread and the previous one started by the Can-Dude, it is mentioned that you have to use the TF5 chart as well.... In fact what we do here or what we should do is, watch the TF5 chart for the breakouts, break of trend...... and next pinpoint the exact entry on the lower Timeframe.... in this case TF1.

If you don't do it this way you almost have to be clairvoyant to pinpoint the right entries.....

Anyway I also have come to the conclusion that a lot of visitors to this thread still do not have the full grasp of what is built in.... in the template I produced on page 100 of this thread.

In fact we have the influence of TF15, TF5 and TF1 built in... in one chart. To make it more clear how to read this chart..... you should have a fresh look at the picture below.

Looking at this chart you may distinguish the spots where the TF15, TF5 and TF1 traders are in agreement..... or are divided in agreement. See how this works out. You can immediately see where for instance TF1 and TF5 traders are going to be in agreement to buy......., ect. In this chart setup you sort of can determine in an analog way what is ahead.....

If you like you can put a (digital= yes/no) confirmation underneath (under the CCI's) like the one Kino published in this thread..... Kino's Has bars....

In the chart below there are two buys completely in agreement with the CCI's and the rules of the FX-50 System. The last one (at the white dotted vertical line) is according to the FX-50 System CCI rules still looking to be a buy...... but now is clearly filtered out by this chart setup >>>>> because of disagreement shown between TF1 -TF5 and TF15 traders !!

Hope this makes it more clear to all of you using this setup

I believe you have something nice to study during the weekend,

Regards, John

BTW. Here is a new template too which uses RandyCandles. I have slightly modified one indicator for better use with the template below. All the other indicators may be found on the pages 100 upto this page of this thread

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
your chart is so obvious! Looks so simple. But when I take a look on the charts with your setup, it's not that easy....

I will study study and study on it.

Big Thanks for teaching John, I hope you will be patient.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
I am clearly new to forex because i have never heard of 'Randy Candles' (don't you find those in lapdancing establishments) and as for that chart John............... get the sunglasses out!! How do you see where price is? I thought the FX Prime had enough going on but that is a van load of add-on's you have there. If it works for you good luck, but what is a 'Randy Candle' please and is it necessary for the V2?

Look afteryourselves

Django

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...7&postcount=14

I posted a few write ups on randy candles a while ago and no it's not a must have but they can be helpful

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Many thanks for the reply.

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
nice setup

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Welcome Django,

The reason why we share our views with others is that we know this:

There just doesn't exist a single trading system that is good for each and every trader. You have to select and find the one trading system that does what is necessary for you !

Any trading system is as good or as bad as the one who trades it..... and I have noticed that there are quite a number of new visitors here that have little trading experience. Take it or leave... but if you really are a newcomer..... I'd say do study the material on the link f4mnect presents here.... valuable information.

Thanks for you kind words... we will look after ourselves,

John

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Jazz,

I have seen your two recent posts..... this one and another one on the previous page..... showing that you are willing to learn and that it starts paying off...

From your reflections in this thread I can tell that you are getting the picture......

You're digging into it and going for it 100%.... I like that spirit.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Thank you John for your kind words. Yes I am very hard learning and not trading much last month.

Good weekend to all of you here at this good thread.

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
John,

Thanks for your words, i will indeed look at the link that you suggest as i have only been trading a few months and i am still sorting the wheat from the chaff.

You're a gent.

Lookafter yourselves,

Django

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
here is the source code for that in mq4

decompiled it, so that you could remove all restrictions if there were any

have fun

-------------------------------

/*

Generated by ForexLion Decompiler

*/

#property copyright "Copyright  2006, FX Sniper"

#property link      ""

#property indicator_separate_window

#property indicator_minimum 0.0

#property indicator_maximum 50.5

#property indicator_buffers 3

#property indicator_color1 Lime

#property indicator_color2 Yellow

#property indicator_color3 Red

double gda_76[];

double gda_80[];

double gda_84[];

double gda_88[];

double gda_92[];

double gda_96[];

extern int limit = 1000;

extern int BarSize = 2;

extern int trh = 10;

int init() {

IndicatorBuffers(8);

SetIndexBuffer(0, gda_84);

SetIndexBuffer(1, gda_88);

SetIndexBuffer(2, gda_92);

SetIndexBuffer(3, gda_76);

SetIndexBuffer(4, gda_80);

SetIndexBuffer(5, gda_96);

SetIndexStyle(0, DRAW_ARROW, STYLE_SOLID, BarSize);

SetIndexArrow(0, 167);

SetIndexDrawBegin(0, limit - 40);

SetIndexStyle(1, DRAW_ARROW, STYLE_SOLID, BarSize);

SetIndexArrow(1, 167);

SetIndexDrawBegin(1, limit - 40);

SetIndexStyle(2, DRAW_ARROW, STYLE_SOLID, BarSize);

SetIndexArrow(2, 167);

SetIndexDrawBegin(2, limit - 40);

SetIndexLabel(0, NULL);

SetIndexLabel(1, NULL);

SetIndexLabel(2, NULL);

IndicatorShortName("SideWinder");

return (0);

}

int deinit() {

return (0);

}

int start() {

int li_32;

double ld_36;

double ld_44;

double ld_56;

double ld_64;

int li_72;

int li_76;

bool li_80;

double ld_88;

double ld_96;

double ld_104;

int li_112;

int li_116;

bool li_120;

double ld_124;

double ld_132;

double ld_140;

int li_148;

int li_0 = TimeDay(TimeCurrent());

int li_4 = TimeMonth(TimeCurrent());

int li_8 = TimeYear(TimeCurrent());

if (li_0 >= 30 && li_4 >= 12 && li_8 >= 2006) {

IndicatorShortName("Outdated Version: Contact fxsniper@gmail.com ");

return;

}

int li_20 = 30;

double ld_24 = 4.0 * MathArctan(1);

for (int li_52 = limit - 26; li_52 >= 0; li_52--) {

ld_44 = 0;

for (int li_12 = 25; li_12 >= 1; li_12--) {

ld_36 = 0;

ld_36 = (li_12 - 8) * (Close[25 - li_12 + li_52]);

ld_44 += ld_36;

}

gda_96[li_52] = 6.0 * ld_44 / 650.0;

}

for (int li_16 = limit; li_16 >= 0; li_16--) {

gda_76[li_16] = iMA(NULL, 0, 34, 0, MODE_EMA, PRICE_CLOSE, li_16);

gda_80[li_16] = gda_96[li_16];

}

for (li_12 = limit; li_12 >= 0; li_12--) {

ld_56 = (Close[li_12 + 1] + (High[li_12 + 1]) + (Low[li_12 + 1])) / 3.0;

ld_64 = 25 / (High[iHighest(NULL, 0, MODE_HIGH, li_20, li_12)] - Low[iLowest(NULL, 0, MODE_LOW, li_20, li_12)]) * Low[iLowest(NULL, 0, MODE_LOW, li_20, li_12)];

li_72 = 0;

li_76 = 1;

li_80 = FALSE;

ld_88 = (gda_76[li_12 + 1] - gda_76[li_12]) / ld_56 * ld_64;

ld_96 = MathSqrt((li_76 - li_72) * (li_76 - li_72) + (ld_88 - li_80) * (ld_88 - li_80));

ld_104 = MathRound(180.0 * MathArccos((li_76 - li_72) / ld_96) / ld_24);

if (ld_88 > 0.0) ld_104 = -1.0 * ld_104;

else ld_104 = ld_104;

li_112 = 0;

li_116 = 1;

li_120 = FALSE;

ld_124 = (gda_80[li_12 + 1] - gda_80[li_12]) / ld_56 * ld_64;

ld_132 = MathSqrt((li_116 - li_112) * (li_116 - li_112) + (ld_124 - li_120) * (ld_124 - li_120));

ld_140 = MathRound(180.0 * MathArccos((li_116 - li_112) / ld_132) / ld_24);

if (ld_124 > 0.0) ld_140 = -1.0 * ld_140;

else ld_140 = ld_140;

if ((ld_104 < trh && ld_104 >= 0.0 && ld_140 + ld_104 >= trh) || (ld_140 < trh && ld_140 >= 0.0 && ld_140 + ld_104 >= trh)) li_32 = 1;

else {

if ((ld_104 > (-trh) && ld_104 <= 0.0 && ld_140 + ld_104 <= (-trh)) || (ld_140 > (-trh) && ld_140 <= 0.0 && ld_140 + ld_104 <= (-trh))) li_32 = 1;

else {

if (ld_104 <= (-trh) && ld_140 <= (-trh)) li_32 = 2;

else {

if (ld_104 >= trh && ld_140 >= trh) li_32 = 2;

else li_32 = 0;

}

}

}

li_148 = 50;

if (li_32 == 2) {

gda_84[li_12] = li_148;

gda_88[li_12] = EMPTY_VALUE;

gda_92[li_12] = EMPTY_VALUE;

}

if (li_32 == 1) {

gda_84[li_12] = EMPTY_VALUE;

gda_88[li_12] = li_148;

gda_92[li_12] = EMPTY_VALUE;

}

if (li_32 == 0) {

gda_84[li_12] = EMPTY_VALUE;

gda_88[li_12] = EMPTY_VALUE;

gda_92[li_12] = li_148;

}

}

return (0);

}

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
change 2006 to 4006 and use it for another few thousand centuries

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
lol

but you say... "2006 to 4006 and use it for another few thousand centuries"

it 's wrong and just for 2 more thousand YEARS ONLY !

more seriously ; about your trendalert.mq4 ,

want to try it on Monday ;which timeframe is better ?

and does it work both for bullish an bearish trend ?

because in your code you've said : if (A>B) {PlaySound("Alert2.wav");

does it means only Bullish ?

thanks

kino

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
Thanks Forexlion,

That inside is a really great help for me. I always kinda liked the sidewinder and with this source-code, I can better understand and check around a little it. If you have any other suggestions or advice for indicators or other things, please let me know. Always looking forward to new things.

Thanks again.

D.

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
I have been using V2 just like Soeasy does, only with bigger arrows from the 2MA crossover indicator.

Guys, you have to trade on the market overlap times, which you can learn about here http://forex.timezoneconverter.com/, on forex market hours.

There is even the paramount worktime indicator you can setup and make show what are the overlap times on your screen to make it easier.

You got to trade when the markets are open at the same time because then there is more money volume in the market moves, and it makes it easier for a trend to actually happen. CD says to trade 1 hour before and after the market opens, but I have had best results from like 8 AM to 5 PM GMT time. Look into it yourselves, but trade at good hours.

Here is my setup. I'm also with soeasy all the way. Some people will be scared of making pips with a simple system that works, and will be surrounding them with 1000 indicators forever until they get tired of working with something that doesn't work. There are people who look happier playing with indicators than making money and taking it to the bank.

If you can't get good exits on V2, then just go for 10 pips target profit on each trade during overlap times. So many moves going over 30 pips that 10 pip isn't that hard to get when the MAs cross and you get the FXprime red or green bar.

This is a file with everything - indicators, template, instructions, link to videos and documents teaching about market times. More than this I don't know what could help without forcing anyone.

Good luck and good trading! TAKE THE MONEY TO THE BANK!!!

Scalpa

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
No Direction, Only volatility

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
Scalpaholic, you speak a lot of sense. I have had the Fx V2 for four weeks and in this very limited time i would have to agree about the 8am until 5 pm GMT trade times being profitable. A couple of questions - do you find it better on the 1 minute or 5 minute timeframe and do you have a rigid stoploss or wait for the exit signal? Oh and do you trade with and against the trend/bias? I have only been trading forex for a few months so your input would be appreciated, many thanks in advance.

Lookafter yourselves

Django

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
its alot of version for fx v2 ....???

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Hi,

I am kinda new to forex too. I have only been studying it for around 5 months and learned about FX-Prime V2 last week.

There are good times to trade and bad times. Sometimes you will only get ranges with random trends that give even a good trader a hard time.

There are other times of the day when there are lots of trends that go for many pips, and are easy to catch.

There are also better days of the week and depending on the currency pair, the trends have common trend sizes. It varies a lot of course, but on some days, certain pairs will, for example, have trends that usually go for "at least a Y amount of pips", or a day when the pair will hardly have "trends larger than X pips", because its a day with less activity on the currency.

CD says he trades GBP/USD from 1 hour before to 1 hour after US opens. He says its the best time for his system - the FX-Prime V2. He made it, so he got to know what he is saying.

There are books that say the overlap times are the best times to trade. Some pdf files on the .zip archieve I posted above say exactly this, and also note the best days and hours for each of the main currency pairs.

Myself, I have been watching the charts of what happened the last month and noticed that the best hours to trade - when there is the most volume and the most trends, is between 7 AM and 17 AM GMT. This is when *I* think is the best time to trade the FOREX.

You can look into the MT4, the 5 minute chart all zoomed out for GBP/USD. USD/JPY and EUR/USD and press CTRL+L to see the volume lines. You will note that from 7 AM to 17 AM, there is the most volume and the biggest trends, and that huge trends usually take place in these hours. So that's my experience. Go check things out for yourself.

Do you find it better on the 1 minute or 5 minute timeframe?

I trade on the 1 minute to enter and exit in the best possible moments, but I keep an eye on the 5 minute or larger to see what the trend is, and if there is resistance or support.

and do you have a rigid stoploss or wait for the exit signal?

I think at these market hours you can put a stop of 10 when the V2 gives you a tight MA cross and enter signal. You have to be watching it not to lose money of course, but with so many trends going from 60 to over 100 pips, its easy to win. You can exit on wht Heiken Ashi like CD says on the tutorial and its a great idea. Waiting for the 5 minute trendline to be broken, or put a trail of 25-35 pips depending on the volatility will probably work too.

If you always exit at 40 TP with a trail of 25 pips, and a 10 pip stop, watching the trade, I don't think you will have any problems even if the internet or power goes down. I wouldn't use TP of 40 tough becasue there are so many trends that go over 80 and are signaled well by the Heiken cross, or even another MA cross in the oposite direction.

You could also exit when the FX-Prime green or red bar disappears, but I think it would lead to many early exits. You just gotta know when a trend has ended.

Even if sometimes you exit early or too late - its part of the game. As long ar your account is growing and your taking more money to the bank, there's no reason to care about losses. With time and experience people tend to learn and become better traders with better entries and exits.

The Heiken Aishi will probably be the best option for most people, myself included. Take a look at these things in the last months M5 and M1 charts to see what I am talking about. Be smart and safe, not greedy.

Oh and do you trade with and against the trend/bias?

I would *NEVER* scalp against the trend. Look at the M5 chart or zoom out in the M1 to see the trend, and go with it.

Try the thing on demo first of course, not to lose money. And I don't take responsibility for anything you do. I'm just trying to clear some things out.

This is what I have to say, good luck and lets go get the money hehe!

Scalpa

EDIT: look at screenshots of the period that I trade and how it has good large trends - its the part in black on the charts. Also notice how these periods have larger volume, the green lines underneath. Indigo section is non trade time.

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
[quote=avi;2571258]its alot of version for fx v2 ....???[/qI

I don't undertsand what you mean sir, please explain?

Django

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
Thanks for sharing your experiences. I find assessing the trend/bias can be such a subjective thing - you say that you trade the 1 minute and look to the 5 minute to establish the trend direction, is this giving you a big enough picture and a good strike rate of profitable trades as i am currently using the 1 minute to trade and assessing the trend on the 15 minute....... then again this is where i may be going wrong?!!

Lookafter yourselves

Django

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
[quote=Django;2572602]
fxprime_vtest ,fxprime_v2ia ,fxprime v231, fxprime_v2final ,fxprimev2,!fxprime_v2

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
the yellow dotted fibo line was a strong support level.

Price falls out TF1 and TF5 zone at the same time.

The good CCI setup supported by the red dot confirmed the short signal for this high probability trade.

TF15 is above.

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
I could not see what currency that was on your chart?

Regards,

Cigarguy

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
it is a new curency FESHX9 moon people ( or mars ) currency lol

kino

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
I am not trading fx

it's an indices

better for me

I posted the picture because it shows John Edwards strategy.

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
I know and the Market Makers r little green people..

:nerd:

Regards, Cigarguy

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
EurUSD short setup

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
entry short on vertical magenta line was too early, John?

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
Hi,

Yea, I am using !fxprime_v2. If you open all of these indicators at the same chart you will see that many of them are the same thing with a different filename. If the filesize is the same then its likely the same file too... with a different name.

Use a 6 EMA on TF5 to see what the trend is. Put another 12 EMA and when they become close or cross its because the trend has a probability of reversing. Can be like a 5 and 10 EMAs too, like one small average and another larger than it.

I like TF5 better for scalping on TF1. I go to look on larger frames to look for support, larger trends, big formations this type of stuff... Because the larger TF's tendency will overpower the ones in the smaller time frames.

When the trend lines are broken its a good idea to prepare to leave the trade too, specially if its a small profit move...

Good profits!

Scalpa

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
i use 6ema ,12ema ,fx prime v2a he is the best

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
sorry, it's not forex, it's FESX

I want to post this exemple just to show you the MTF approach of John Edwards

Text in chart: "TF5 No strong resistance" should be "no strong support"

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
how does eurusd chart look like today jaz?

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
Hello Everyone, My Chart is not having those TF indicators ( i mean the one showing and explaining the time frame even after downloading all indicators. Please help. Thanks. Nerry.

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
Please post your ema over ma bar indicator? The one where you can put like 2 ema and 34 ema and then it will be green if the 2 ema is above the

34 ema and red if its below? I have seen in many of your screen shots

would love to have it.

Brian

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
anyone trading euro today?

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
I was, was a nice night with her

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
please post your charts fm i have some doubts with a couple of moves.

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
well here's 1 section of the EUR where I took 2 short trades. There were a few more small trades on the chart, but since I was all ready short I just held what I had, plus I was trading another currency at the same time also. I entered on the left of chart when we got below the 2 guppys and the Trend CCI hit the -100 level, Also enter when we got the guppy bounce in the middle of chart

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
yes those 2 are the clear ones, but could you please post the beginning of london session, around 7 am to 10 am in the open.

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
I only took 1 trade earlier pre-London open. After that for the next few hours was watching other charts, EUR wasn't offering me clean set ups at the time. most of the moves live weren't clean signals. There were better set ups to be traded

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
F4mnect can you share your templates please? Thanks!

Scalpa

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
it's here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=71075&page=27 post 398

and also here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=71075&page=30 post 436

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Nice..... Thanks

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
send a screen please

i have a lot !

kino

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
HI ALL

heres a multi indicator that i use from kino and it has what you need

it's the indi on the bottom left corner, as you can see i try to keep my chart clean, i hate messy charts, but i still have all the info i need, i follow F4 setup with some minor changes to fit my style, im also using John Eds new template on my other demo account and it works pretty good, i also test the FXP v2 that works good but not as much as these 2 previously mentionned

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...hmentid=204369

heres all the best of Kinos indis till end january, i need to update it with 1 or 2 more indis
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...hmentid=193543

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Also i know some folks that still use the FXSniper Overlay, its usefull, i just modified the date to 2020 and made it bigger for a better view

GREEN  ‘Enter’   ||  YELLOW  ‘Risky’   ||   RED  ‘Dont Enter’

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...hmentid=186709

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Hi there.....

Care to share your template with us here ?

Anyway... what's your combination of moving averages that you applied  to Kino ribbon filled as seen on your attached chart ?

TQ

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
Well here it is

just the Overlap displayed is EST and i included the Trailing Lines SL/TP for 5 & 6 Digits brokers

the MA in my chart is 7 & 11 but with Volume factors (view indi) taken from John Eds ideas

this doesnt included the fxsniper overlay, i dont use it but just add it and drop it on the CCI Indi if you want it

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
[quote=maxzeus;2577795]Well here it is

thanks for your replies to the other members i'have no time left this time to reply all your demands ; i'have made many indicators and forget them the next day , lol , but i see , all of you are using them , thanks to everyone

i'm only playing with CCI Woodies 14 & 6 ! and P&F charts

have a good day

kino

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Thanks for everything kino

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
I may have a set of indicators to send your way soon, something from my past I payed a lot to have made for a system I built. I think you will like to see what they do and how they do it.

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Hi All,

In the meantime I have also made a contribution to another Scalping System.

Have a look and see if there is anything that may help you to become a better trader....

http://www.forex-tsd.com/post-compar...-get-real.html

In the next couple of days or in the weekend I'll do some replies to questions asked and another update as well. I am too busy right now making me own pips....

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
Hi, guys,

can anyone tell me which two indicators are used on the chart in post #66 on page #5. They are a little miracle to me...

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
I think you mean the step and the other one? Both are Gann Hi Lo's... The yellow one is an MTF version.

I gave these a try but the refreshing/repainting issue of these Gann's stopped me.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Thanks, John,

this indicator is amazing....the programmer is a complete genius.

Just opened a position on gold and it gained loads of points already - for me as a beginner truly amazing!

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Hi,

TradeItEasy, can you show where you saw and got these indicators?

Thanks,

Scalpa

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Thanks John

i finally got the BrainTrend working

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Nice to hear that Maxzeus! You had forgotten to put Priceseries.mqh in MT4/experts/include ? Or what made you finally succeed?

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
B.T.W. Maxzeus I have made another tweak to the BraintrendSig indicator, which I personally like even better. I have called this one BrainTrend4Sig.mq4.

Please get it here: http://www.forex-tsd.com/post-compar...et-real-3.html

Regarding the announced update (somewehere this weekend) on the FX-50 system I can tell you already that partly this goes back to the original FX-50 setup and partly there is something new....

Thanks for your remarks and may the pips be with you, John

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Hi,

thank you for share this interesting system.

I download the zip from max zeus and i have saw i must refresh kino_t3ma ribbon filled because dont work in real time,is possible to fix this problem ?

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
Just use all the indicators on page 100 and your problem will be solved..... I think....

Regards, John

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Wow good work John,

I will test this system in next week only one question,i dont have the orange/green dot on your template.

You draw it or is onother indi?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
Hi, scalpaholic,

got these from several websites...

this one was the best:

http://forex-strategies-revealed.com...hilo-activator

Have good fun trading with it!

TradeItEasy

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
Hi all,

this is an amazing system that I've ever found since 3 years ago, but there is question:

anyone knows how can change the price scale into Semi-Log in MT4?!
as you know it'll be very useful for finding trends and filter many noise...
is there any tricks or indicator for this?

thank you and have a good piping day!

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Try this website, you might find something there.

http://forum.mql4.com/4754

D.

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
Where can i find the EA for this system?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
John, I checked out the other forum with Rad's System. WOW, I love the simple idea of trading using the 1 hr candles. I also read your suggestions. I hope that thread stays alive. I am trading the one hr candles per Rads instructions and am now 5 for 5 profitable trades.

Looking forward to other opinions about that simple system also.

Rad posted that great system and has not been around. Hope he returns and so it won't die a slow death.

Regards,

Cigarguy

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Hi , I have downloaded every indicators and templates and yet my chart do not look like you guys own. The TF of 1M,5M AND 15M indicators explaining trader Timeframe zone not appearing on my chart.Thanks. Nerry.

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
SInce i didnt see the file on page 100 LOL !!! then i downloaded the files from the link you posted recently *braintrend4sig + your MQH file, works great

thanks

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
John...your charts are like a road map to success. Very nice job in deed.

BTW...I have also added the MACD to show divergence. It is very powerful on the M1 chart. Thanks for all your hard work . I am laid off and enjoyed trading this today.

If you are interested in doing some testing with us please visit my journal and see if you are interested.

Thanks again.....Damon

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
I would like to lay down a few guidlines as I see will help others with trading this system.

Using the ribbons on the screen, along with the CC indicator, here is how I am seeing the best trading scenarios and they all involve trading the lower TF ribbons into the upper TF ribbons, and usually when there is plent of space between them.

Possible examples.

1M into the 5M

5M into the 15M

1M into the 15M

I would not trade in this direction

5M into the 1M

15M into the 1M

15M into the 5M

I would also only make these trades out in space. Which means that if you uploaded the template, I would only trade when you are moving towards blackness on your charts and definitely not when you are inside the rainbow. When you are in the rainbow it is time to get up and take a break.

Now, when using the MACD and divergence, I would take a divergence trade no matter where it occurred. Here is the MACD divergence indicator I am using. Please note that I am using the smoothing lines for signals and not the histogram part. Enjoy and I will be around if you have any questions....

Attached File(s)   MACDTraditional.ex4

3 KB
|
690 downloads

John Edawards, you may have not gotten the nomination, but you have given us one H%ll of a roadmap to success. cudos to you...I can't thank you enough for that.

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
Hi All,

Thanks for many positive remarks. Because of that and the kind allowance of FXTrading24 to introduce new trading examples and views in his thread..... how to trade FX-50 System a bit different.... I am happy to do an update with regard to the setup published on pages 100 and 107. Therefore make sure you have already all the indicators listed in my posts on these pages and put them in mt4/experts/indicators map.

What's new?

1. One more ribbon..... telling us what the tick traders are doing. So all the rest remains the same. This newly added ribbon pinpoints even better entries and best of all..... it also takes care of tradeguidance.

2. An even better tweaked BrainTrend4Sig indicator.

3. A different version of FX_Prime_Final_v2. This one I tweaked to better help identify trade entries. It should not be very difficult to find out how this one works.....

4. In this setup it's back to the original CCI and Stochastic 513. So how these are being used you can find out right on page 1 of this thread.

Good Luck and Happy Trading in the next week !!!!!

John

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
hi! thx for sharing! i have this problem

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Please read all posts on page 100 and 101...... I think the solution is there to find.....

John

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
John..this is some of the most phenominal stuff I have seen and I love those ribbons on my chart. It is like being in a maze with a location by numbers map.

Awesome stuff

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
thx! hmm also.. can you do a video wile you are trading with tis method?

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Here is my advice:

Go to this post and install Tradesimulator..... http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1031

Next you make your trading video..... It's by far the best way to test any trade system, i.e. if it's working for you....

Good Luck, John

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
Well...let's look at it this way. 1st, with set-ups like these, why are you only going to 1 pip. 10, minimum, but most likely 20 with at some point moving your trade to break even +1. say 12 pips or os.

Lets say that you are willing to risk 3% with a s/l of 20 pips. That means that when you make 20 pips, you have just increased your account by 3%. Do this everyday by waiting for the proper set-ups and at the end of the month you would have doubled your account. Not bad for sitting at your computer for an hour or two a day.

Hope this helps....

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
Hi damonl,

thank you for the sharing. I see your point that most of the case market move is like 10 pips or more.

I think I'm in a contradicting situation right now.

When I aim at making 10pips or more and use a loose stop/loss, sometimes market stop at +8pips and reverse, cause me a loss.

So I have to tighten s/l to -5 pips or 0 after showing a profit. Then that stops out the trade very often.

So with a 0 s/l I have to find a reasonable t/p goal that on statistical average yields the best total return.

Right now I'm using +5 t/p… I am still testing…

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
All I can say is that John has given you the best roadmap to success I have ever seen. It is indeed like nothing I have ever seen before. The best way to trade is when the 1M is leading all the other ribbons and trading into the black abyss on your chart. 20 pips should be easy with practice.

It also sounds like you are playing with scared money. Lower your risk until you are not afraid to take a 10 pop loss, then you can relax when in your trade and be able to react with good judgement.

Damon

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
thanks damon what I had right now was the fx50 indicators in the original post of this thread.

I will try john's addition tomorrow

you're right I will think about lower leverage a little bit until I practice scalping to a comfortable level.

thanks for all the kind advice.

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
Hi billie, from your original question re: 1pip profit taking it's clear you are quite new to trading. Before anyone trades with real money they should test their system FIRST. This will prevent the big losses you fear. Simple isn't it! Onced you know the system works THEN you should trade live.

You should start at the bottom and work your way up, there are no shortcuts. Go to Babypips.com and start reading the 'school' section. It should take you a few months to take it all in.

good luck,

steve

Also billie this is the fx-50 thread and questions should be about fx-50 only!!!

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
hi, how can i put indicators on the back and candles on the front?

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
Well right click in the middle of the Chart Window / Properties / Common and select Chart on Foreground

Thats all

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
really thx friend

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
Well its better to test in demo before goiing live or instead of DEMO you can use micro accounts with minimum 1$ deposits and penny profits per pips

i try to make approx 7-12 pips per trade and if its showing promise for more i stay in and move my SL per10 pips move and when i close i re-enter on a bounce, over and over again...

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
thanks steve and maxzeus, I'm doing something like you're suggesting. hope I found this advise earlier when I entered market as newbie with real money.

yeah, let's stay on fx50 indicator topic ^_^

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
Open black means that there is nothing in the way to stop price from moving. Here are some great examples on the same screen shot.

Enjoy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
please post eurusd chart with je ribbons today, so we can see the moves in london and ny.

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
Just another exemple because I like this setup, thanks to J.E.

It's from the last hour, two nice trades.

Note: it's not a forex chart, but this is what I'm trading.

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
I don't see a nice trade setup right now.

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
another little profitable trade,

exit because of double bottom risk and pivot lines.

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
It seems right now eurusd is having a short signal, but could you please confirm , the stoch has to agree in entry exactly or just under -100 level?

also entry agrees with pivot, would you have taken it?

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
just want to show you how nice JE setup is.

The ribbons and pivotlines and fibo lines are so important.

My exit was too early.

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
This was a nice entry

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
another short eurusd?

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
can u post u r indy and templet?

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
All credits go to John Edwards. It's his template which you can find in this thread, starting  at page 100 and it is updated a few times after that page 100. You better read everything starting from page 100. But according to the original system, you also should know about that. It's in post 1 from FXtRading24 who started this good thread.

The only difference in my template is that I have another pivot/fibo indicator, which you can find attached. I use a different background colour because I have black pivot lines.

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
hi, i read pag 100 and 101, but not solution about this indicator,

who person know the setup about this indicator?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
have you tried the solution from post 1500?

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
anyone is eurusd long right now? seems signal too high around 1.2590 near 15min ribbon, but it is wide so maybe.

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
here is the long i was talking about in euro, nice eh?

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
thank u  my friend :-D

how much time do u trade white thise sys ?  how it gooing ?

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
Thanks a lot JE, the path is clearer now.

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
hi guys!

i still can't understand how to trade with this method, can anyone do a video while trading?

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
i think fx prime v2a filal better!

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
hi damon, I did some practice today, eventually most t/p did not hit if I enlarge it to 15+, and s/l at 0 was hit instead

+3 ~ +5 maybe better for me.

I will install J.E templates and try watch how it runs with mt4 tomorrow maybe.

hi maxzeus, steve, following your suggestions, I started using a microlot live account before going big.  thanks a lot for your kind help so far.

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
If I remember well I tweaked FX_Prime_v2a as well..... some time ago. So it is different indeed for it has a different usage.

The latest version FXPrime_v2_Final-JE.mq4 is tweaked to be as fast as possible and as such also can be used te determine entry points at change of colour,

Regards, John

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
All the people who have problem with the BrainTrend4Sig.mq4, del the BrainTrend4Sig.ex4 if you have, then put the PriceSeries.mqh at the "include" folder and start MT4 again.

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
Hey all Ive been using the orignal template from the first post with great results then I went and tried James template if I remember his name right on page 100.  However I keep missing trades because of a lack of an alarm.  If anyone has an alarm for the CCI's please let me know I tried the one Kino programmed awhile ago but either Im putting the wrong inputs or its the wrong one which he said it might be.  Any help would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Well in the input of the DoubleCCI Indi there a ZERO ALERT CROSS setting put it to true and put the level of signal to '0' or '50' or '100' depending what you like most. i had it at 100 but sometimes didnt have time to jump in it because i was doiing something else os i leave it at '0'

Even the BrainTrend4Sig has an ALERT settings enable it by putting '1'

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
daml,

could you please post one chart of each example you mentioned, for the best scenarios , thanks.

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
The problem with that blanca is that I don't trade by the rules. What JE gave us is a road map to success. I don't ususally make a trade because a line crosses, I usually try to get a feel for the market, and this is not the thread to post that kind of stuff in it. And i have too many other threads I am still managing at the moment to start another one.

Perhaps in time...I will tell you this though..

I have taken JE v2 template and put it on both the 1M and 5M charts. then I take the lowest ribbon on the M5 chart and decide if price is above or below that ribbon. If price is above that ribbon, then i only trade long on the 1M chart and if it is below that ribbon on only trade short on the 1M chart.

I also take no trades on the 1M chart if I am not trading into blackness I don't take the trade. Think of the blackness on the template as either the ocean or the stars. and think of the ribbons as either coral refes or meteror showers. And think of price as your subamarine or your spaceship.

Would you drive your sub into a coral ref or a meteor shower on purpose?

And it is always best if the ribbons are lined up in sequntial order as well. now find a way to feel the market. If the double CCI cross does that for you then use it, if not find somthing else.....

Hope that this is helpful...Damon

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
HI JOHN

when i download your indicators on my chart ,can not display main chart indicators ,why??can you put on this indicators .thanks!!

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
Please carefully follow instructions from post 1673 as I stated there:

.......I am happy to do an update with regard to the setup published on pages 100 and 107. Therefore make sure you have already all the indicators listed in my posts on these pages and put them in mt4/experts/indicators map.

If you think you have already those indicators...... nevertheless you have to overwrite all of them with those only from my posts on these pages. Next recompile by Closing MT4 and restart. In some cases MT4 requires closing and restarting twice.... in order to create a new mqlcache.dat file in the indicators map, otherwise your new added indicators will not show on your charts !!!!

That should solve your problem.

Regards, John

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
[quote=maxzeus;2591029]Well in the input of the DoubleCCI Indi there a ZERO ALERT CROSS setting put it to true and put the level of signal to '0' or '50' or '100' depending what you like most. i had it at 100 but sometimes didnt have time to jump in it because i was doiing something else os i leave it at '0'

Even the BrainTrend4Sig has an ALERT settings enable it by putting '1'[/quote

Maxzeus

Are you talking about the kino 2cci cross alert v2? If not can please tell me where it is or repost it.  Thanks for the help.

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
It's the !!!!DoublecciWoody CD from Edwards template, see post 1673

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
Right on, thanks jazz, i didnt even try that one.

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Does anyone have/can someone post please a guppy102

I have the guppy 34, 55 and 150. I really want a

guppy102 to be the guppy version of the 102

ema which is a great filter on 5 min charts.

Anyone 102 guppy?

thanks!!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
hi damon: I installed JE's FX50 template today (seems not all, no balls show up O_O)

I have a puzzle here, how do I tell if at the circle point, EUR/USD trend will drop or not??

when I look at USD/CHF, I thought it may return to the red line 1.15215 so I did not jump on short E/U,

but at the time it did look like there is 50 pips to drop for E/U right?? how do I judge?

for the original FX50, a good entry is where 3 MA cross and a trend show up,

so that one can tell me right now it's not yet a good entry... how do I judge on JE's chart?

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
Here it is, I hope it is oke.

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
toto je dobre onicom system

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
Thank you for the guppy 102, perfect!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Hi, where are your bottom indicators? Study all the examples as of page 100 upto now. Take care of the latest template.

Read all the posts on page 100 and you will know what to do to get "the balls" working.

That will do all the magic for you,

John

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
Today was a hard trade. No trend and just chaos. I didn't even make a trade with it. Don't worry about the trades you missed. You didn't know where price was going to go and so you didn't enter.

I didn't trade this afternoon, but I bet there was a nice signal or two on this run down. Ill have to look. Asian had the best signal, but I was charting then.

Damon

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Only took one trade this morning for 43 Pips, wish I could've been home to catch some of the down movement of EUR/USD

I think that there was some good scalping opportunities from 1425 GMT to 1836 GMT, I know that I would have jumped on some if I had stayed home from work.

Also was a good setup from 1935 GMT to 2010 GMT

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
Excellent timing and nicely done. This is the way how to do it....

There are two marks that clear the way:

First of all FX_Prime_Final_v2-JE is green all the way and shows a small breach..... next continues to be green. At he same time you notice there is nothing overhead (no ribbons that is of course). This is exactly the begining of a High Probabilty trade.

Very detailed report. Thank you very much for showing us this chart...... and how you did it.

Regards, John

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
love the JE fx50 template--it's reaally genius--annd as a trader --you know exactly where you are--even when you are about to go in a RANGE--and even when you are about to go into a blackhole--highly profitable.

its great

Bravo J.E

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Hey kino was going back trying to see if I could find the answers to getting your alarm to work but the MT4 indicators unless they are preset seem to make my head spin. Where do I put the CCI1=CCI2 and I will have it working.

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Can you call this a Ranging signal? its amazing--- i think this is the first system that can deal with the 3 ways  the market moves

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
HI taomal4

i like your chart, can you put on your indicators and template ? thanks!!

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
you can get the templates and indicators here with john edwards-

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...34759&page=112

and don't forget to put the priceseries.mgh found here
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...34759&page=114

put it in the expert/include folder

BEST

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Well--am in the blackhole---i joined in late---and  i felt so confidence getting in-------

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
Dear All,

Right now the black dot and the down arrow shows the entry. Sidewinder also shows green. Can I enter a trade and sell?

I want to ask why is the "MTF HAS" all red? Also I don't see other ribbons... Are the indicators that I had placed correct?

Thanks for helping! Been reading pages 100, 107 and also read the guide 1.5 but i'm a confused guy..... hopefully you guys can direct me.

http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v3...orex/test1.gif

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
Of course you all may understand that it pleases me to see that more and more traders..... starters and professionals alike are beginning to understand how this setup works and indeed that it has unequalled power to determine the three ways the market moves.

So once more my sincere thanks go to FXtrading24 (originator of this thread) and to all contributors that show their personal views. For there is more (cosmic) power in sharing and freely giving away than only trying to gather in life.

John

{ copyrighted attachment deleted by staff }

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
ClearTrade, grats on the pips.  Could you explain what indicator setup caused you to take the trade?

I've been off the boards for a while (missed all the brouhaha) and I'm trying to catch up with the development of this system.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
John have you read any of Maxwell Maltz stuff. I love Hills stuff and have it all. But Psycho-Cybernetics is what really changed me. Both the new and old versions.

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
Hi,

I am sorry to say this setup will fail, because you are missing indicators that adapt to one another in a clear way..... It takes too much time to be able to make your entry decision. It's all vague....

All of the indicators are basically OK...... It's only the right combination which makes the difference between succes and failure.

The Has bars are calling on an other indicator... If I am right it is this one: Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.mq4

Just add it to your indicators map. Try this.

John

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
Just to show you the setup.

I am not trading forex, I am trading futures on indices, this is FESX.

As you can see, the setup works fine for me.

I added SMA55 and SMA200.

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
What do you think John,

can't we use this setup on M5 charts without fine tuning the indicators?

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
how my trades went

and after the short a new long position

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Hi,

No I have not..... His name rings a bell, but that's all. Is this in pdf and free available?

Have a nice day f4mnect,

John

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Sorry...... this setup is only to be used on TF1.

TF5 requires a different setup.

John

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
Thanks again for all your support!

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
how to set up TF5 and TF15 ribbons on main chart?

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
Hi guys,

one question for JE, how does the ribbons works  or how did you figure out they could work in conjuction, is it timeframes that agree or something like that?

btw did u see eurusd and the jazz chart had almost similar moves today.

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
You can find it all on page 100....

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Hi I have a question of the JE setup.. you dont want to do any plays

going right into/across or while you are still within any ribbons??

I mean including the huge wide grey ribbons.. you dont want to

play going across, into, thru them however you want to see

it..the 180/270 ma ribbons for example. Really only stars

ie the blackness is what you want to play into at all times?

thanks

Brian

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Sorry I'm replying so late, I just got home from taking the kids to Centennial Park.

Call me a Chicken but I'm only taking trades when the price is above or below all four ribbons.  I like my chances with that set-up.  Also the CCI 21 and 89 were above 100 and the Stoch took a bounce above the 50 to 60 mark.  It helps to have a 5 min chart open to as a reference because the price bounces off the ribbons there also.

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
One more question, is there a rule about when all the bands are tightly together and super thin, like the gbp/usd right now on my mt4 they all look sickly thin and bound tight together. LOL.. is there anything as a rule or indicator or something where we would keep out of such times?

thanks!!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
Brian,

When beginning to use this setup...... why not explicitely look out for the very low risk setups as described on page 100, i.e. those that have all the marks where price is diving into the black abyss (shorts) or rising up to the stars (longs), for by far the best opportunities are to be expected when there is no ribbon under or above the price?

Why choose more risky setups? If you succeed in trading those 50 pips a day trades..... you will have made a lot of money by the end of six months, that is when you use the right scripts for your trade entries and MM as wel....

It's true you may have to wait each day a while, but there is no risk whatsoever in waiting for the right opportunity.

If you want to make more pips you can do the same with for instance GBPUSD.... and grab there the same amount of pips...

Almost every day these opportunities occur..... sometimes more than once. Most of the time these trades make more than 50 pips. Yesterday for instance there was such a beauty starting on EurUSD at about 18:30 GMT. You also could have gotten into this trade at about 18:50 GMT immediately after the first retracement

B.T.W. This is something all of you should be watching. Most of the time the first retracement that occurs..... when going into those black area's presents the better entry on those rides !!!!

This morning such a trade started at 06:21 GMT on EurUSD when price fell under 1.2800 to the Pivotline at 1.2762. A trade like that could have served you well with at least 20 pips.

Only when you have arrived at a point in time where you can distinguish much better and quicker resistance/support you can always go a step further and start trading between and inside the ribbons...

Such would be my advise.

Cheers and have a pipfull day,

John

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
You're at a great point, just wait until the price falls below all four ribbons or rise above all four ribbons.  I will even wait for a bounce after the initial movement for confirmation.

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
I have my personal reasons to do something nice today and hope that most of you like this update......

Instead of using Randy Candles this template is into MA Candles.

Convince yourself how easy it was to take the latest long at the end of this EurUSD chart. How nice it went straight up to the targetline.

Here is the template and MA Candles indicator.

Enjoy, John

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
Hi John,

Another chart of FESX future.

The first arrow short was a succesfull trade I took this morning.

I didn't take the second arrow (Long). My question about this one is:

TF1 Ribbon just starting to make an opening triangle

Tick Ribbon same situation and price is above TF1 Ribbon

TF5 Ribbon is not far away, but it's about an average wave amplitude away.

What do you think about this second arrow on the chart?

Too risky?

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
Another update!!

I am curious for these MA candles!

Thanks John.

Hope you enjoy your 'personal reason'! Good luck with it, whatever it is (no loss I guess).

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Hi Jazz,

Did you measure pipdistance towards ribbon above? (I have pointed this out in several examples...... somewhere on page 100 or following pages how to do that. This is very important to do when trading between or inside the ribbons). Next take about 2/3 of that distance..... If that is enough to make the trade profitable you could have taken it, beacuse the TrendCCI is moving towards zeroline in two stages...... shorter stage and longer stage..... From that perspective there is enough momentum as well.

Hope this helps, John

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
It's in your post 1522.

I will determine a good distance for my FESX.

I feel very lonely here trading this future, but I love it.

Thanks again John. (I want to have a shortcut on my keyboard for this standard line)

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
Thanks a lot JE, its so nice all your work i really enjoy it, i took the first two shorts in euro this morning as they were all under the 4 ribbons, the, long very nice in euro i hesistated a little because it was only 3 ribbons i feel safer with 4 but then later i saw the 1,5,15 agreed and that 30 was really away and starting to open wide so made the entry for few pips i took it late but 17 pips are good. thanks je.

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
I cant remember who started talking about these but I started seeing them after reading about them. So here is an example of what I am asking a question about. Are these High probability trades?

Notice double tops at the two red arrows, and the converging ribbon, then we get a big move down and some hesitation at one of the pivots. Next we get a move up that stalls and cant set a new high and a doji which is my confirmation/entry (blue line). Notice that that moves ends at the moment at the low ribbon.

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
The fact that all TF ribbons are underneath at the spots where you have put the red arrows...... means that the traders on all those TF's still are divided in what to do when price comes down. Indeed there is a double top....

So some will say: Price comes down.

If you look closer you see that the other TF ribbons are underneath.... therefore price has to break through..... The question is: "Will the traders on these TF levels start selling or are they going to hold positions?" In that case price bounces and may go zig zag until it has a chance to breakout above or below all the ribbons >>>> Than you have another trade opportunity.

So the rest of the chart says: This is not a High Prob Trade

B.T.W. You mean it's a triangle which is narrowing I suppose?  That means resistance >>> so it's the first sign that price has difficulty to go down in one line. It may go down at first when the ribbon is a bit wide, however price will come up first and maybe do anther try to go down. We don't go down these messy roads... we preferably take the Highway right into open space...

Only when price is going into wide open black space...... All traders agree to where it's going. The only thing you still have to consider in such cases are nearby Pivotlines and Fiblines.... Price has to cross those too.

The next Pivotline or Fibline...... in open space.... most likely now is the target where price is heading.

Look for all the examples in the pages starting as of page 100 upto this page. Study those over and over again !!!

Good Luck, John

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
hi guys, I have seen some different versions of the double cci and wanted to know if there are any versions of it that will allow me to have an alert activated when the trend cci reached a particular level such as 50 or -50. I downloaded one of the double CCI indi's that is supposed to have an alert but it only had a zero_cross_alert and I could not change the level.

Would love to set it up so that it would give me an alert at 100 or -100.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Hi,

This is a long euro i just took, it seems like a clear and nice trade although the entry was done in previous high, just when price was going out from ribbon the first time, but thanks to je i waited till price retraced to 5min ribbon and give it the chance to recover so then next went up but JE what do you think of it? is it tricky? or me did it wrong'

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
Here is the trade exactly according to the rules as in post: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1752

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
Hi everybody,

Although it isn't a mainly improvement of the J.E. templates, I would like to share my templates.

The biggest improvement  is the background colour in blue, which makes it easier for me to see the different TF zones.

I added SMA200 in gold. I think it is a very important MA.

Another change is the replacement of the pivot/fibo indicator.

Using my templates won't make your trading better, but maybe you like the layout.

FX50/JE system developped my trading style significant!

Enjoy and good trading.

Edit: This template needs some other indicators, which you need to download from John Edwards posts, starting at page 100. To understand the setup you will need to read and learn everything posted in relation to this setup from page 100 to the end!

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
Just got home from work and missed that set-up, you're making me want to quit my job John.

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
Hi,

I am not able to make my chart look like yours .. did you post all the indicators that you use ? or am i missing some ?

THanks,

goodbadmas

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
Yes, you are missing some.

You need several other indicators, mentioned in this thread from page 1.

To understand this system you will need to read and learn from that page to the end!

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
Been following this thread and the original one and I seem to have problems using my WInZip v9 to open posted zip files.

I have saved he file and then tried unzipping and also tried opening directly from the postings here.  Also tried the zip program from my desktop looking at the zip file on my laptop.

All attempts produce same msg zipped folder invalid or corrupted. This happens with the zip file in posting 1 of this thread and other threads.

But my winzip works fine otherwise.  So what is up with ForecFactory?

Suggestions?

Thanks!

Dave

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
We indeed has some very nice set ups this evening, i was thinking if it is convenient to trade at these hours, because usually big moves , maybe safer appear in london and ny session, JE which hours do you recommend for trading this system?

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
I had problems in the past too, although not exactly the same.

The solution was using Mozilla Firefox as internet browser, instead of Internet Explorer. Free downloadable and working fine.

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
here the yen today,

breakout then retrace, then again breaks and retraces, then again goes up and retraces, made entry at second break after first retracement. two long small entries in fact, fast fingers for this one.

Same situation with eurjpy long, breaks, retraces then goes up.

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
here it is

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
Nice Blanca! Beautiful entry when CCi crosses zero upside

T3RSI looks good.

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
what I call my guppy bounce, thanks jpy,

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
F4, nice chart again!

So if price bounces guppy, and makes new high, then you entry on the next bounce?

How do you determine the precise entry?

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
I do watch higher highs and and higher bottoms on the bounces. plus we had the trend cci showing strength, 100 level entry cci crosses and stoch support. plus we were above the hourly candle line. clean pretty bounces. my entry was off the entry cci breaking threw the 100 level with stoch support and a price open above the 10 sma all while the trend cci was showing strength and telling me to look long. plus E/J and CHF were looking messy, and the eur and gbp were moving but not giving clean signals. JPY was a clean chart and showed me what I was looking for

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
Mouth full!

thanks for good explanation f4mnect!

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
LOL you asked. Here a pic of clean vs messy

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
eurusd same stuff, price breaks, retraces, then goes up, in the previous one when price goes below ribbons did not take it, yellow pivot is there.

btw same thing with cable.

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Eur currently, I was getting coffee and taking a break around news, but 2 trade able bounces. 2nd bounce great trade. bouncing off support, trend cci showing more strength, 0 line reject on the entry cci and 100 line break by both cci's

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Hey all just wondering if anyone else caught this move on the pound my entry was at the green arrow its still open.

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
Hi,

we had several good moves this morning, and i saw some repetitive situation i would like to ask to JE, in some trades we saw the break of all ribbons and then inmediately went up or down strong, but in some others we saw the break, then retracement and went up or down, how do we know when to take the first break or wait until the second move?

In the chart in circles the entries, the first one long i took it was safe, but the rest were confusing, breaks then retraces, then breaks and moves fast, then another long that breaks and fails. maybe i am doing something wrong.

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
Then later another short euro, strong breakout, target yellow pivot. but then again how to know when the break is strong and when it will retrace, or even fail.

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
The breakout in the middle of this chart is valid, because of divergency on CCI's. Notice how it has made a zig-zag formation before steaming higher.

Look at the breakout at the end..... how different this one is in respect with the one in the middle.

The breakout at the end of the chart already lost all it's upward potential at the final breakout to continue.....  there is no retracement back towards the upper ribbon. Price falls immediately under the ribbon...... So it has to make total new run in order to get above the ribbon again......

Also notice how far it went already in a straight line. Divergency on CCI's is not available here. So this is not a valid breakout.

Study all the valid examples on the previous pages starting at page 100 and you will develop an eye for this >>>> Next time you spot immediately if a breakout is valid.

Hope this helps you, John

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
I hope this picture supports John's explanation

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
Hey that the author of my Signature Quote

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
hey max, how are you doing? I sent you a pm asking you how to set custom levels to alarm in the double cci indicator. can you help me out?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
Hi John....  I've been using your set-up on a TF5 with great success, solid and reliable support as well as resistance on those three ribbons...  I dont know if it requires different set-up on a TF5, but I think current set-up is quite solid and reliable to be used on TF5.  I would appreciate if you could provide an insight on this TF5 concerning the combination of T3 ribbons etc to be used other than TF1.  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
THANKS a lot je and jazz i like your explanation, the only issue is that in the divergence trade already broke before we could analize it and see it was not a valid breakout, but the rest is fine.

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
Lol sorry, i dont pay attention to the PM's often

you only need to change the '0' to lets say '50' or '100' in the

ALERT LEVELS INCLUDE NEGATIVE not forgeting the ZERO CROSS ALERT to TRUE

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
Blanca,

If you are referring to the breakout at the vertical line with red cross at the right of the chart on post 1786,

I would say that it would have been safer if you waited for yelow CCI retrace back to zero line, or cross down and cross up again from zero line. Price had been rising for many minutes since the blue dot, without retracing. So for me, it first needs to cool down before taking a long position.

Well...that retracement did happen! But no high prob entry for Long occurred anymore.

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
I mean the second breakout , the divergence one, because i took it, and after that we could analize it was divergence so would fail, but meanwhile i was there, lol.

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
Sorry I am not sure if I understand the way you traded that signal.

If you went short there, than that was ok. You could have closed break even or with profit.

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
hello , happy to see that everything is ok whith this trading system !

have you good % trading with this system ?

i have no time to read all posts , lol ,

somebody can make a resume of all your improvements

or there is a special post to read ?

thanks

and; John !  you have made a very good job !

kinonen

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
Hi Kinonen,

good to see you back here.

I am using this template for my trading and it changed my trading style for the good.

I don't have time to make a new post with all the indi's and templates in it, sorry.

But you can look for the basic Edwards rules on pages 100 to 107.

Download indicators and templates overthere.

Another JE update in post 1754.

And my template (which needs the indicators from J.E. posts!) in post 1765.

I think it is very important for everybody who wants to use this setup, to read and learn everything from page 100 too 107, because it is something different then anything else.

So Kinonen, there you go.

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
hi guys,

seems today was not much move, very limited to pivots , the trade of divergence i took was in the chart jazz was so nice to  post,the second circle, not the third which turned into an easy short, the second broke the ribbons and signaled at the same time the divergence but meanwhile i was there short loosing, i was trying to find out something that tell me i did wrong, like in the last one its clear the lack of cci. thanks jazz.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Ok, got it. In that trade yellow CCi was allready for some time under zero line.

I don't like that. So I wouldn't have entered on that point but I would have done it when CCi went under zero the next opportunity. That was nice.

enough about that trade, I think... Talking about is is learning isnt it?

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Excellent explanation Jazz,

I have not noticed about the cci under zero line, for a while there, but i agree that could have been the reason, thanks a lot i´ll pay attention to those details from now on, and here is my chart today in eurusd took two trades could you please check them if there ok?

The first move up in early london session did not take it because broke the ribbons already too high although retraced, then went up. thanks.

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
They are okay Blanca. You could have entered a little bit earlier on crossing CCi with zero.

Where is your Stochastic 5,1,3? It helps with timing.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Thanks jazz, cci cross of zero works fine even if woodie is not above or below 100 level?

could you please post your trades today in your index i am always so happy when i see them.

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Hard to say in a minute. Maybe I will answer this later on, but I have to do some other work right now, sorry.

One trade on J.E. style today:

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
Look at the way John puts S&R lines on CCI in his posts from page 100 and further.

You can also learn lots from f4 thread here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=71075&page=34

I think you allready read what f4 wrote in post 1777 on FX50 thread.

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
[quote=Jazz1964;2608640]Hi Kinonen,

good to see you back here.

I am using this template for my trading and it changed my trading style for the good.

I don't have time to make a new post with all the indi's and templates in it, sorry.

But you can look for the basic Edwards rules on pages 100 to 107.

Download indicators and templates overthere.

Another JE update in post 1754.

And my template (which needs the indicators from J.E. posts!) in post 1765.

===========================================

ok i'll read all these posts

thx a lot

it's good to see all these screens and explanation about your trades

(i'm proud because i have made a few (!) indicators for that system ; and it's

good to see so many screens with mine , and heard that works well )

perhaps i'had better to use them ,

kinonen

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
hey max, thanks for the response. the double cci that I have does not have the alert levels include negative. can you send me your indicator? is it the same woody double cci?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
thanks a lot jazz excellent thread the f4, just wanted to show you the other two euro longs i took, could you please take a look at them if they´re done properly?

the first small breaks and retraces, the second is bigger, it is still open right now.

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
I don't know where you took your trades.

This is how I think a proper entry should have been made, on te FIRST arrow.

The 2nd arrow shows a nice trade I think I would have taken with stoploss under MA200. It is a bit too early, because CCI89 isn't green.   And otherwise I would have done it after the lonely red Heiken Ashi candle.

Not 100% J.E. approved.

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
On my own Index almost same situation. Didn't take the trade on first arrow because of reading FF forum .

I took the last entry about two minutes ago, at the arrow. A risky one because it is under R1, so I will look for a tight stoploss

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
out

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
Hi Kinonen,

The Ribbon indicator helps me to determine where price is according to the different TF traders. So I am very thankfull to you for this indi. Great work!

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
it on page 4 of the attachements

here this is the same one i use, it even has my color setup

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=193848

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
Sometimes I can't wait.

Allthough pipdistance to higher Tf zones is too small, I wanted to take the trade

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
i have seen before , that you're the best with pdf manuals !

why don't you make us a manuel with john Edwards's system , with the best screens & comments & settings ...

it will be great

in advance i will thank you

kino

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
See this one

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Thanks so much for giving me this indicator. been looking for something like this for a little while now. So many versions of the double cci indi that it's hard to find what you need. Wanted to ask you max, or any others out there, is it possible to get custom alert for this indicator? Somewhere you can specify a wav file or something so that when the alert is triggered, you sound plays.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
Well if you want the FX50 guide i made mostly based on F4  (im currently updating it with F4 and John settings) but you have all the links to all the indis and more for this strategy except John, because was made before

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...2&d=1232492714

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
yeah im currently updating/adding the guide with this new strat

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
im not a coder but i found in another mq4 something that may or can be added i think ??? Maybe Kino or someone else can add that option would be cool to add a sound of star wars in it  but thats really optionnal any sound will give you your attention to check your monitor for a possible trade to take

Inserted Code extern string           Alert_Setting        = "---------- Alert Setting";
extern bool             EnableAlert          = true;
extern string           SoundFilename      = "alert.wav";
Inserted Code //----------------------- SOURCE :
void subCrossAlert(string type)
{
string AlertComment;

if(type=="UP")   AlertComment = "blah blah blah !";
if(type=="DOWN") AlertComment = "blah !";

Alert(AlertComment);
PlaySound(SoundFilename);
}
//----------------------- END FUNCTION

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
When a Thread goes this silent that means that everyone is happy with the system and busy trading.  Thank you Canadian Dude, F4mnect, Ronald Raygun, Kinonen, John Edwards, Maxzeus, and all the others who contribute to the professionalism of others.

Lets all continue to learn and grow because the market will not sit still and allow us keep the same thing going for long, so lets prosper and move with the market so we can all be winners and yea, Forex Factory is the BEST by far.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
I've been following this thread for awhile and wanted to say thanks to those who have developed this system and also to those who have shared what they have learned with it.  It is a good system and it's up to each of us to execute it in the manner in which it was developed.

I do have one question.  There are a number of different indicators, in fact lots, that have been shared throughout this thread.  Some have indicators.  Which alert indicators have you found to be the best and most consistent?  In other words, they alert when they are supposed to and don't keep dinging constantly.  Watching charts can be a bit more than even a true scalper wants on certain days, so I'm looking for something to simplify my trading time a bit.  I'm not looking for anything automatic, I will still make the decision when to trade.  I'm just looking for a heads up.

Thanks in advance for any thoughts you might have.

Steve

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
Hey guys,

Could someone please explain to me why the indicators on my chart only go back as far as they do? You can see tehy hardly cover any territiory on a chart... making backtesting impossible. I dont have this problem on my computer at home... just at work.

I understand that this is an annoying question to post and ultimately dilutes the quality of the thread... but figure someone here will know failry quickly what the go is.

Cheers, (and see below chart)

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
I believe the instrument you have on the chart might not have sufficient historical data. Your chart suggests that you might be trying to load a futures contract which just started in the 3rd week of March. I might be wrong but that is just my observation.

hnk

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Hi Ari Gold,

Goto your Navigotor, rightclick on the Kino_T3MA Ribbon Filled indicator

select the 2nd one from above (sorry i have a dutch version; I think it is something like 'edit')

Now MetaEditor will open.

Look at my picture and change the setting.

After that you push the Compile button. After MetaEditor tells you there are no errors and no warnings, you can startup Metatrader again.

That should work.

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
Did anybody take this trade?

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
I want to show you the trade I am in rightnow. I decided entry on the Tf zones.

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
Nice EuroUSD move

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Nice trading Jazz,

Seems like you are in the zone with this method.....well done. I use F4's M1 system alongside an M2 setup.

Seems to me the benefit from what you are looking at with all these ribbons is a way to visualize support and resistance and to keep those who want to jump on poor F4 setups.

You might consider a rule sheet that focuses on how to use the ribbons for support and resistance.....and when trade bewteen the ribbons. Some clarity on that would seem to help.

Otherwise, it's an F4 setup trade.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
Hi CT,

Just when I decided to write a manual, Maxzeus wrote that he is working on a manual. So I think he will post it one of these days. All the basic info is allready in this thread, starting from page 100 to 107 with many screenshots and additional comments. It shows also the rule for trading between the ribbons.

About the charts in post 1825: strictly following the rules of f4, it's a bit too early to go short on the arrow, because the guppys didn't cross and trendcci wasn't <-100.

The ribbons told me that it was safe to go short.

About the charts in post 1826: This trade is taken much earlier then with the guppy bounce system.

So I won't say the FX50 system J.E.  style is the same as f4's system.

Personally I use f4's system too, I like it and I have learned a lot from him.

You are right when you say that the ribbons are about S&R. I didn't understand this: "and to keep those who want to jump on poor F4 setups." Sorry.

Best regards and good trading to you!

Jazz

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
John Edwards defines minimal pipdistance between the ribbons at 35 pips.

Here is a nice exemple of a trade between the Ribbons I missed this morning. On f4 was it also a good opportunity.

I don't want to show the differences between the two setups anymore. They are both valuable to me.

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Thanks for sharing this visually...... Really magnificant trade setups. These will helps others !!! Sharing is one important key to succes in trading.

It's good to see that you keep going on and put a lot of time in all these charts. Especially spotting this one makes a trader more and more confident. Next time you will take it.

Because of the enthusiasm of all that have contributed to this item I'll do another update somewhere in the next week.

How to use FXprime_V2 Final-JE.mq4 in a different way. Guaranteed..... You will be amazed how this helps pinpointing trade entries.

Have a nice weekend, John

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
Hi John,

Thank you for the kind words. It's true that I feel more confident and my hit% is increasing. I hope my charts do help other traders too.

I am curious for the update next week! I hoped you were breeding on something .....Never thought it would be on the FXPrimeV2-finalV2JE

Good weekend to you and to all of you,

Jazz

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
Hey, guys!

I've look through this topic. It's very interesting system. I'll try it next week.

But... I have one (maybe stupid) question. You all speak about some "F4's setup". But i don't get about what you're speaking about.

Is it have any difference from setup which described in the first post?

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
The baisc (FXtrading24) system you find in post #1.

During development of this thread and further explorations you may now find several templates and other setups on various pages, like the Soeasy setup and the (F4) F4mnect setup..... to name but a few.

My contribution to this thread starts at page 100. So I suggest go through all the pages........ try them all and keep the ones that work best for you.

For example Jazz1964 did it that way..... studying and learning. Read his comments on these latest pages and you'll know what to do.

John

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
`
I've looked under the "attachments" section and couldn't find the " FXprime_V2 Final-JE.mq4" .....where can I download this?   Thanks!!

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Would you be so kind to tell me on which page original post with F4mnect setup is?

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
Here is the link
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=71075

FX-50 and F4, both are excellent read.

Enjoy.

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Both F4 and FX50 systems and other systems are practically the same with some variations and settings from the original FX-Prime 1 minute system found at http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=114258

Reading the first few pages from the original FX Prime 1 min system will give you a better idea of how the FX50, F4menect, and other variations were developed for better and more profitable trading. Just explore all the variations and practice the one that feels easier for you until you feel comfortable and become profitable in a demo account.

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
4xplosion, here it is

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
Thanks, guys!

I also want to ask you about trading hours. In which time it's the best to trade using this system? And with which currensies?

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
One of the advantages of the TF zones setups...... you'll find starting on page 100, is....... that this is one of the very few systems which is completely independent of time.

Here are a few posts by "Damonl", who apparently knows ForexFactory inside out 100%, probably by now having posted more than 2700 times!!! Posts: 1672, 1676, 1681, 1689, 1714...

Check all the Jazz1964 posts and verify the unequalled filter power for NTZ's (No Trading Zones) when inside or between ribbons....

Just follow the rules and study the examples and you will soon know why this systems provides 24hrs around the clock several trading opportunities.

Don't expect miracles, just master the setups.

Start a new week the right way..... Good Luck.

John

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
Take a look at the chart. You can easely see how price is driven by the TF zones and pivots.

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
Great quote for all traders to remember, it will save you a heck of a lot of frustrations and lost money.  All that is new to the forums here is some advise, BE PATIENT!!  When the guys tell you to read and study the previous post DO IT.  This is not some quick money game here, IT'S A PROFESSION.  And like any profession you take on it requires study and research.  This system is simple but not for someone that is new to the profession of forex trading so take the time and diligently study the tread.

DON'T EXPECT MIRACLES, JUST MASTER THE SETUPS.

Remember that.

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
you all know meanwhile that I am not trading forex, but I took a glance at EURUSD.

Where did you guys entry?

maybe I should look for a good forex broker too :-)

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
I just took the first bounce for 12 pips then ate breakfast and have missed a few more good bounces.  But it's looking like if any one stayed in front of the charts for the last couple hours had some good set-ups.

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
My Index, this is my 2nd trade today. Could have been 3, but I missed one. All three good ones, allthough the trend isn't as nice as on EURUSD

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
sometimes you have to wait for the ultimate conditions.

Everything pointed in a strong uptrend today for my index, but a wrong entry moment can hit your stoploss. So where are the good entry moments?

I had to wait and wait today, but found 3 nice trades.

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
Jazz1964

Waited a while also on the GBP/USD but got the break above the zone.

+22

Lloydy

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
Congratulations Lloydy!!

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
Thanks Jazz1964

I think F4mnect, John Edwards and yourself have put something together that is great.

I find that a great deal of patience is required especially when the volatility dies down after 18:00 GMT.

Regards

Lloydy

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
Hi Jazz,

Always enjoy looking at yr charts. Lots to learn from. Thanks a lot. On this chart, did you enter when the CCIs cross 0 up 1st time or later towards the end of the circle when the stoch cross up again?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
I entered exactly where the vertical line is drawn.

entryCCI>100 showing strength.

Good trading to all of you today!

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
Thanks. But just wondering though if the narrowing  TF5 and the pivot right at yr entry would have been a cause for concern? I've seen similar setups  a few times on the FX charts and wonder if it's ok to jump in straight away when the larger TF5 or TF15 appear to be narrowing ie. increasing resistance. Or as in yr chart, to  wait for a few bars to see if the TF5 becomes support, then look for reentry on the CCIs or Stoch. This usually means either a later entry at a worst price or at times just missed entry completely as price zooms up fast.

As you can tell, I'm still learning this brilliant method so appreciate any advice you may have to deal with similar setups.

Regards,

Sat

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
my first try with MY INDICATORS

lol is not too, bad

thanks to John & thanks to me too , it really works well

kino

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
question : was it a good entry ?

kino

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
Hi Pipster,

Are we both talking about post 1846??

Because you point out to a narrowing TF5 and a pivot......I think you're questioning about another chart I posted.....

Please tell me, what chart are you asking about?

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
Hi Kinonen,

Great seeing you using this template!

Your entry was reasonable good.

TF5 was narrowing, so forming resistance (broke) and after that support. I would have waited if price gets really support of that TF5, because also the CCI's didn't have really good strength at that point. A few minutes later: there he goes; maybe that was difficult to enter, but CCi was better there.

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
ok many thanks for these explanations

kino

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
this time = 10pips now on GBPYEN

144.67  >>   144.77

kino

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
Today I have been working elsewhere, so I just took a good look on the chart of my index. I hope you don't mind I show this chart, because I really like what I see.

My thoughts about it can you find under the numbered comments.

1. price continioud the rally from yesterday AFTER bouncing TF1

2. just before point 2 price should have been bouncing again, but it didn't. This could have been a goood warning. Also negative divergence on macd and trendcci. TF1 ribbon is narrowing but it doesn't give resistance at all. Because TF5 is at good distance, it's possible to go short a little after point 2

3. bounce off TF1

4. some support on TF5. This ribbon is widening, so support can be weak.

5. no support at all. TF15 is far away.

6. some support at pivot line and fib line.

7. TF1 failures

8. price allready have made a 2% fall, so possible support here on TF15

9. TF1 was narrowing but wasn't strong enough to keep price down. Bounce on pivotline.

10. TF1 and TF15 fighting together. An upmove is starting, but TF5 is nearby.

11. TF5 pushes the index down again. TF5 is close to the other TF zones. Interesting. pivot and fibline determine for a while sideways movement.

12. TF5 bounce and you can't see what happened after that. I can tell you price went down to the next fibline

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
I copied this file and  I still cant compile the BRAIN indi . anyone can help?

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
Anyone trading FULL TIME with this system yet?...any luck with it?...any statement?....

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
Hi Jazz,

I'm referring to post 1845. When price broke up fast passing the 200ma and  poking above TF5 and then hitting what looked like a pivot/fib  on your chart, is it ok to go in immediately as TF5 was narrowing prior to that?

Thanks for your  patience and the very nice chart with the numbered comments.

Happy Pipping

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
I trade my version of this full time and I think John trades his version full time. Were both doing very well with it. But I won't personally post a statement, They always lead to trouble and B.S.(and 100 pm's) I have found. Try it out on a demo account and let us know your thoughts.

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
Gatorman

I have started to trade this on a demo account - I have settled on F4mnect's version which is the best one for me.

One thing I have found is that finding entries is easy by looking a a chart after the event when there is no emotion but doing it at the time and acting in accordance with the rules is a little harder. Especially when there is a lot of volatility and the price is whipsawing 6,7 pips at a time.

I have also found that exits are far harder than entries and I have read this many times when posted by other people, I now know it to be true.

One thing I have to improve upon is the ability to sit on my hands and wait and not jump in out of boredom.

Regards

Lloydy

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
great post lloydy and try to sit aside when it gets whipsawing if possible. Also plus pips are plus pips. If you take a trade and you see that a very smart and high probability exit is 15 pips, unless it blows right threw that level. take the 15, be happy(were scalping on the 1 min chart), then wait on the next clean set up and go at it again. If I feel 15 pips is my smartest exit I'll take it any day and not care at all if it runs another 10 pips or what ever. This is just the way I handle exits because exits were the hardest part of a trade for myself. It's like flying a plane, takeing off is optional, but landings are not.

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
Hi Pipster,

You're right about the fib line. I don't know what kind of fib it was, it's not on my chart anymore. I have looked when y entry was exactly and I took it on the first arrow on the chart below.

CCi was very strong, price was allready above TF5 zone whitout falling back again. Sometimes I make my entry a bit too early

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
Hi Gatorman,

I am trading the Edwards template. It helps me finding high prob trades and helps me staying out of many sideways movements. Since I am looking to the charts with this spectacles, I feel much more confident.

My tradingresults are very positive last weeks. I don't show my statements, sorry. Before I started trading this style, I had been stopping trading for several weeks, because I was loosing money allthough I was using the doubleCCI.

Good luck!

Edit: almost full time

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
Thanks F4mnect for this advice.

The next task is for me set the buy, sell fast executions up with an auto stoploss and account %age allocation up.

Lloydy

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
we have posted some scripts for entry and ea's for trade management in my journal. Those might be what your looking for. I think most of them might have at 1 time or another been posted here also

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
Thanks F4mnect

I will have a wade through them and look for which suits. I have used one in the past that allocates 2% of capital (adjustable) and sets a SL of 10 pips (adjustable) and a TP if required.

I'll search this out and set it up.

I have been thinking about the advice you gave me on the 15 pip profit and run process. This changes the mindset and will stop me thinking about whether I could have squeezed more out of a trade or not.

The less I involve thinking the better (this may sound paradoxical but for me it's true).

1. Recognize high percentage set-up.

2. Enter trade with SL.

3. Take profit (or loss)

4. Forget the trade and pips made (or lost)

5. Move on to next high percentage set-up

I suppose it's just playing a numbers game with the slight advantage being with myself.

Regards

Lloydy

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
It's nice to see many new visitors to this thread and also other traders that want to use a bit of our technique in their systems and setups..... The more visitors the better I think, for the worst death threat to a thread is..... when there is not much going on anymore....

Indeed I am pleased to see that we are still alive and kickin' here....

Okay here is the update I promised last week.

On both templates FXprime_V2-JE.mq4 is being used the same way..... Upper FXprime with faster CCI settings and lower FXprime with slower CCI settings. Both are tweaked in such a way that when the dots on the lower FXprime appear this may be taken as an alert...

I am not going to explain how to use FXprime for there are plenty of posts in this thread that convey all of that. The only thing to be mentioned, although quite obvious is: When the lower FXprime is red and the upper FXprime becomes Red too.... this marks possible entries for Shorts that should be examined further. The same for Longs of course: When the Lower FXprime is Green and the upper FXprime becomes Green as well this marks possible entries for Longs that should be examined further.

Simultaneously we look at what price is doing: Is it coming free from the ribbons? What is the pipdistance towards the next Ribbon or to a Fibo- or Pivot-level?

Simultaneously we look at the DoubleCCI-With_SMA. This one has already been published in this thread some months ago, but comes in quite handy with this setup using FXprime_V2 Final-JE.mq4 twice.

As a rule when using DoubleCCI-With_SMA in this setup you may do the following:

Usually good entries occur for long...... when CCI is above +67 and above SMA..... Most of the time marked by a retracement of the CCI back towards the SMA and/or +67 line. Under all circumstances look for divergencies in the prelude to an entry.....

Usually good entries occur for short..... when CCI is below-67 and below SMA.... Most of the time marked by a retracement of the CCI back towards the SMA and/or -67 line. Under all circumstances look for divergencies in the prelude to an entry....

The first template has the settings of the ribbons first used and published on page 100 of this thread. B.T.W. Besides the ones you find beneath the Chartgraph....... You need all the indicators of all my posts on page 100. If you wish to use BrainTrend4Sig, MACandles or Randy Candles on the chart.... They are available in the templates as well. Right click on the chart and change the Vizualisation setting from Monthly to All Timeframes. You may also have to change the ChartOnForeground setting. To do this right click on the chart and look for this setting in the Properties window (F8).

The JE-Bar_Trend.mq4 you'll find in post #1601. Some indicators may be found in post #1673 and the MACandles.mq4 is in post #1754

The second template uses slightly different settings and has another TF zone added. I.E. in this template there now are 4 TF zones..... TF1, TF5, TF15 and TF30. This has been done because the TFzones are a bit faster here and therefore we now need TF30 as well. The advantage is that exits now are marked a bit earlier as well. The Kijun-Tenkan is being used for tradeguidance.

The rules for using this second template are not different from the ones published on page 100 !!

The Kijun/Tenkan also helps identifying entries and exits when it exits/enters the TF1 zone ribbon almost simultaneously with price.

Another difference compared to the previous Ribbon settings (in all previous templates) quite often now apppears at entries, i.e. second chance entries (often also better entries) may occur after the first retracement of price back towards Zones TF1, TF5 and TF15 at the same moment, i.e. when TF1,TF5 and TF15 zones are (very) close together.

In the chart below there are two examples how to determine entries.

Hope you like it.....

John

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
Hi John,

Just found your new post....... new stuff, other settings..........we got to study again....... according to the high quality level of the other stuff you have offered to us, i think this will be nice too

Many thanks in advance! Good trading to you!

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
Thanks Jazz, however you must download second template again. Accidently I uploaded wrong version first.....

Now it is the right one.

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
Hy John,

May I ask a question.

Why 67/-67? Why not 100 or 50?

D.

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
Yes that's different.........

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
I think I know what is the problem.....

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
I have studied hundreds of charts of various currencypairs and indices as well and concluded that these are the only settings for the ribbons that do work best according to the principles laid out at page 100. You may want to read the Radatats thread mentioned on that page as well for more information on this subject.

John

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
i have for you a great indi ...imax.. see it on tsd thread  imax indicator can you  make an arrow??

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
Hi John,

Just want to let you know I am studying the new templates.

First of all I undressed the chart so I can see the most important building blocks. Step by step.....

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Dear all,

I am trying to grasp the initial FX-50 system.

Sorry for asking such a simple question. It is regarding to this statement below.

**VERY IMPORTANT**

NEVER TRADE AGAINST THE 5 MIN TREND, IF ITS TRENDING DOWN AND ITS GIVING YOU AN UP SIGNAL DONT TAKE IT ITS A RETRACEMENT WHEN IT COMES DOWN AGAIN TAKE THE SIGNAL. LOOK FOR LOWER LOWS AND HIGHER HIGHS...

How do you decide the trend in the 5 Min TF.  There are so may methods. Which indicator is used to make the trend decision.

IF ITS TRENDING DOWN AND ITS GIVING YOU AN UP SIGNAL DONT TAKE IT ITS A RETRACEMENT

Did you mean the trend in 5M TF and the up signal in 1M TF chart.

WHEN IT COMES DOWN AGAIN TAKE THE SIGNAL. LOOK FOR LOWER LOWS AND HIGHER HIGHS...

Which one comes down, the signal in 1MTF (suggesting a short trade I suppose)
Sorry for asking such a simple question.  Trying to grasp the system

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
I accidently found CD thread about three days ago and followed through from page one to the last including this thread.

I was so amazed how you guys cooperated to come up with great setups.

Today i modified a little and put on the test. Gained 50pips with three trade.

I've been using rsi and macd with divergence concept. of course, i study daily, 4hr, 1hr, 30min chart first where it may be heading on that day.

then i went into 5min chart and trade on the pivot points such as 21, 50, 89, 200 lines. watching for pull backs and enter accordingly.

it's been successful, but it was making me tired.

but this thread is giving me better idea. i will put this into test for a week and share all my ideas with you guys.  i believe in "give and take", you know.

thanks,

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Hi Broken Arrow,

Welcome to this thread!

I can't remember if there have been a way described how to determine the TF5 trend. The bigger CCI (TrendCCI) is used to determine the trend and the shorter CCI (EntryCCI) is used for...entry decisions.

You can look for TF5 trend the way you like it yourself.

Yes, that's what was meant.

Yes that's right.

Since John Edwards introduced the Ribbons, we don't have to look at different timeframes anymore! It's described starting at page 100. The ribbons tell you where price is, indedpendent from timeframes.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Wellcome NewLine, nice to meet you here.

Looking forward for your contribution!

Good trading to you, Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
I'll give it a try.......

EDIT: resistance should be "support"

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
Hi AVI ;

i need the mq4 please

send it , no time for the moment to look for it in another forum

thanks

kino

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
try it, fx50 starts with 3 MA cross and head for one direction.

so you know the trend if it meet above requirement.

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
Euro today,

It´s been kind of difficult euro today, i took the short in the vertical line, but i am confused with the ones in circles, even though they are out the ribbons they do not work fine, could you help me with that?

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
Thanks Jazz. I also tend to make my entries too early. Too eager to trade I guess...still working on this aspect.

Happy Pippiing

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
To me this looks too early, because the SMA is still negative. Furthermore you didn't wait for the pullback towards +67 or in this case the zeroline?

This chart however shows an excellent opportunity for a long at around 21:34 hrs.

1. First the Alert White Dots on Lower FXPrime-V2 at around 21:10, which is twenty minutes before the actual long opportunity took place

2. Next notice two short breaks on green Upper FXPrime V2 (these are in fact very short retracements; last one occurs at about 21:34)

3. Price retraces towards Kijun/Tenkan and TF1 zone simultaneously at 21:34

Now you look for confirmation....... for a valid pullback on the CCI. And there it is:

At that same moment CCI-89 is green and falls back below SMA and +67 line. Than few minutes later.... CCI starts rising again above +67 and SMA.

Just before that you enter for long.

Als note that Price didn't even enter the TF1 Zone or the Kijun-Tenkan !!

Look for that kind of opportunities.

Good Luck, John

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
it wasn't nice today. everybody waiting for unemployment claims?

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Have to go now unfortunately,

I will study your comments later on.

Thanks John!

I hope you will post some more charts with comments.

Cheers, Jazz

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
Yea, I fell for the first short bounce that broke the support then reversed on me.  I should have managed it better by taking a small loss but thinking that it will bounce again before it entered into the ribbon took me for a 30 pip loss.  I usually make some good trades around that time between 0600 GMT and 0900 GMT but today it really backfired on me.  Waiting for the jobless claims now to try to recover a little.

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
Is there a way..possibly in the kino t3ma ribbon filled.mq4 to

put the ribbons further back on our charts? So I can see a few

days back and review different entries and indicator tweaking?

Thanks!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Someone posted recently.and I agree, the best trades are when the ribbons agree. Ie the ribbon we are on 1 min and the 5 min tf both show up

when you are entering long, or both show down when entering short.

The times I see this as not a factor in my decision to enter is when

price is approaching a higher tf resistance for example, ie price is

approaching the 15 min ribbon and there is no support immediately

below.. the stronger resistance above overcomes the tf 5 ribbon

agreeing or not.  And second.. in any position basically where the

5 ribbon is very thin.  It does not need to agree if the 5 ribbon

is very thin at the time of entry, it provides very little real resistance

to consider.

Any thoughts anyone based on your trades?

thanks

Brian

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
Thanks a lot jazz, i understood perfectly, right now i took this one long but i am not sure if cci is ok or if entry is fine, this is not as clear as the previous long, what do you think?

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
I took the long also for a 15 pip profit.  Almost halfway to recovery.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
Here are two trade opportunities that just happened on EurUSD

For this I have used the V3.2 template

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
Check some pages back..... There has been the same question and also a reply by Jazz1964.

John

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
If I am right you took the first trade at around 12:35 on your chart? The breakout after the Bounce?

Well done, John

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
At first I thought you did the same trade using the previous Template.... But now I see you did the second one.

Very kind of you to show us how you did it and which indicators you are using underneath for validation of your trades,

THX, John

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
Forex scalping is the art of using high leverage and a large number of short term trades to steadily increase an account. Usually, only 1 to 5 pips are targeted for each trade. This type of trading appeals greatly to day traders and those looking to minimize the risk involved in trading currencies. Next to money management, “risk control” is the single most important trait to a surviving (and thriving) currency trader. The small amount of time that is spent in the market limits much of the risk in exposure in comparison to a longer term system. Also, the freedom involved in a speedy Forex scalping system in such a liquid market is a “magnet” that drives many traders from other markets to try their hand in currency. A disciplined and steady scalper could seamlessly double or triple an account, and spend only a fraction of the time in the market as a common day trader.

If you found this introduction interesting read the rest of the article Forex Trading Methods - Scalping

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Now that you have the definition of our profession, welcome to the club.

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
In this chart we see price fall right into two wide open TFzones. Check the chart and you will see that price fell right through TF30 zone in the new template V3.2 as well.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
thanks mate!

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
Not sure how I missed this post... but thanks for the info jazz.

Brian

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
This is very good.. ok I have been doing just the wide open trades, lol... breaking out above or below at least the three major time frame ribbons.

Here normally I would first think not to take this because

it would have to travel thru the two ribbons.  This is not

seen as resistance because they are wide open, ie spread

ribbons??

Looking for clarification.  thanks!

Brian

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
John, you asked how did it go, well I had a small loss.

Nice to see many posts today!

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
John, did you get the link I just sent you?

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
Very valuable evidents John, this helps. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
i'm trying something that looks interesting

continue with it and i'll say you if it's promising

kino

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
i feel this thread is too long to read the whole thread.

where shall i start ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
Someone had a quote not long ago that stated "The Elevator to Success is out of order, you must use the stairs".  And that is the best advise I can give you, start at the beginning because shortcuts will only cheat you some very valuable information.

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
interesting

but waiting , because making some diff entries

kino

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Puzzle: Anyone can tell me what this is?

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
cci 89, 21 changes too fast. hard to scalp.

cci170, 34 is a better set up for me.

how do you guys think? you guys are more expert than me, so...

by the way, many thanks to you guys.

i made more $1700 in two days working only 3-4 hours total by using this setup.

it's a great system.

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
here is tha last one i saw, entry after breakout and retrace, target pivot L3

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
Hi Newline, 170/34 has been on my charts for a long time. I didn't like it much, because 170 is too long for me, too slow with determining trendreversals.

the same with 34. too slow for me with attending for possible entries.

Place them both on your chart and decide yourself what works best for you.

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
nice trade Blanca!

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
I see. i guess you have a very quick and precise instinct on your trade.

I just couldn't do that. it changed direction too fast on 89, 21 set up.

here's the chart that i made trades today. each approximately 10pips or less.

i buy 2 lots on each trade. so far $920 gain.

i'm very comfortable about this setup. what do you think?

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
30min chart is my main guide. MACD is very important.

Today sentiment was going down, so i was more comfortable on trading down than up.

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
So far so good.  This thread gave me a much better idea.

my each day target was $500-$800 profit, and if i lost $2000, i stopped trading on that particular day. 3 to 4 days worth of damage is manageable.

this was my money management setup.

now with this new system that you guys gave me, i have to see whether i should increase each day's profit target or reduce time of work.

let's see for about a month how it turns out.

thanks,

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
May I ask something Newline?

Do you trade Demo or Live?

D.

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
You could start with a shorter thread...

Or you could start with the FXPrime thread...read all of it...then start at the beginning of this thread, read all of the F4 thread, find out what CCI measures (try googling it).....read a few forex trading books, figure out how to use pivots, support and resistance, and how to use trendlines on H1, H4 and the daily, read up on fibs....stochatics and RSI is good stuff too.....trade a few months on demo, ask a bunch of questions to challenge us here, figure out a money management strategy, assess how much time you have to trade and when is the best times to trade, pick a few pairs and get intimate with them, try a few strategies to see what helps you see the price action, trade naked with no indicators, try some news trading (I suggest NFP for the thrill of it), fins out which threads on this forum have millions of posts and go see what the heck those guys are doing......

And there is some great price action stuff on FF...don't forget it.

Or you could read the last few posts, grab the latest template, and start trading GBPJPY...it moves fast and you can make lots on that pair....

You decide.

I don't mean to be a smart ass........but every time I see a post like yours....I can imagine someone losing a bunch of money because they did not put the effort into preparation.

My 2 cents.

Cheers

CanuckCT

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
i've been trading forex for about 5 years.

I bankerupted my accounts so many times and lost so much money past few years. at that time, i approached with trading experience with dow and stocks. however, i wasn't successful.

I almost gave up on trading forex.

then i realized that my money managment was sucked.

i was looking for 400:1 leverage company and bet maximum with compounding process. you can't tolerate not even one losing trade.

my target was hitting $1 miilion in about a month or two.

i calculated on excel spread sheet that if i make 5pips per day, you will become a millionaire in a short period of time theoratically.

but with one mistake, your account goes down to the toilet.

now i only buy 10% on each trade. i still have some problem on cutting the loss, so i lose much bigger than the average winning amount. however, i'm still okay making profits each month. it's been about a year that i was doing well in forex market.

my broker was odls, but they moved out from usa. they transferred my accounts to fxdm this year.  however, fxcm gave so much trouble.

so i was in the process of changing broker to ibfx. when i was idle, i found your thread. i put it to test on my real money since yesterday with just 1 lot.

i gained about 70pips yesterday.

today i increased to 2 lots and made near 50pips in 2 1/2 hours.

hey, now i have much higher hopes with thread if it works the way it worked today. i have to thank each of you guys making such a great system.

good luck to you all.

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
Respect to you my friend.

Shoot, every time when I hear things like that it's amazing to me how somebody destroys himself/herself (don't take it personally, I mean it in a general way) and does not give up. In this thread and previous threads, there are a lot of good and experienced people that help a lot and try to clarify  problems as best as they can. Let's see if we can help you back on your feet, pal.

By the way, I was with ODL too. FXCM is not that bad and the spread is OK. The only thing that throws me off is that you have that funky half spread system of theirs.

Alright e` then.

D.

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
The original idea of the trendCCI170 and entryCCI34 was that you only should take the entry in the same direction of the trendCCI. So first the trendcci should be green before you take a longposition on the entryCCI crossing zero or +100 level.

So the trades I see on your chart are profitable (congratulation!!) but not conform FX50. I think now you understand why people tried to find different/shortere settings foor doubleCCI.

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
Really nobody??

That's too bad!

Okay here is the answer: My broker gave me some wrong data for several minutes on EURUSD, much much to high (4919.500)

that made that my chart was looking this nice.

I am sorry guys, I wanted to send the winner for a nice holiday....

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
Hi John!

Thx for your big contribution to this thread but i suggest you open a new thread or maybe post one big post with all the indi's and manuals.

I went back to page 100 but can't compile the brain indi(jazz, thx for trying to help but i cant enter the options for the indi because i cant uplaod it , it cant be compiled) , Then again i now see you work with version 3.2 which i cant find here and there are some new rules there (67 lines) needed to be explained. Too messy, can someone reorganize this entire version of the system?

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
Hunter, go to post 1871.

I think you better first learn the ribbons from the earlier templates before updating.

Sorry, I don't know what the problem is with braintrendsig4

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
John, what about these entries?

I didn't take the trades.

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
anybody else had problems finding nice trades today? On the index I am trading it was difficult. I want to show you two charts. It is visible which one is better tradeble thanks to the ribbons......

Edited: attached another chart (the second) because it fits after the first one.

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Hey Jazz, I don't blame you.

Today was not such a good day to trade. Rather difficult. I had to switch between 4-5 charts to find one that has some good movement is is not to choppy. Hope today will be better.

D.

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
Hi Hunter, if you go back to the posts where this was posted, there is another indi that needs to be added to the experts/include folder. I actually added this to the include folder as well as the experts/indicator folder to get the brain signal to show.

heres the indi

Pardy

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
The best way to trade today was to use support and resistance and not the methods.  However, if you have not practiced using S&R, Pivot Lines, and Fibs, you would've had problems anyway.  I tried using the FX-50 and FX Prime JE systems but found it difficult to get a clean set-up.

Then I opened a new chart and used my indicators "auto pivots", "Fib Pivots", FiboRetracement3", and RD-PivotLines", and began to be successful.  I was not able to get the big 20 or 30 pip profits but was able to get small profits of 3 to 5 pips which adds up on a day like today.

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Hi John,

Thanks a lot for the new templates and examples in post 1897 and 1903.  Looking forward to test out.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
Thx man, I've seen this indi and added it and still the same problem although the error of the compiling  is that file missing. actually i have 2 computers,one with that problem and the other still cant copile the brain indi, very strange...

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
John, can you plz explain about  how to useyour fx-prime_v2 final-je filter?

I can see there are two filters, you wait for white dots and enter only when BOTH filters allign in the same colour?

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
You'll find it on Post 1871
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...34759&page=125

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
Are this valid entries that failed?

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
it looks like TF30 was in the game, it was a closing triangle.

I hope you took a short.....

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
I dont trade today but before the big short there were the two signals i showed here that failed.After taking 2 losses taking the same short 3rd time in one hour can be very difficult emotionally.

Do you suggest the 3rd short was better than the previous two? because they look the same to me just the outcome different

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
Take a look at my chart. I think John would say the 3rd one is the best

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
Great Set-ups today, I'm well over 60 pips already.  Will post chart when trend ends.

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
The question is to take the breakout of wait for the pullback?

sometimes there are no pullbacks and you could see the price goes down 150 pips without you.I think we should have taken the breakout, sl at 10 pips and then take again the big short. about the previous false breakouts, it broke the tf30 by 5 pips , i think it should be considered a break, otherwise how many pips would you wait until you consider it a real break?

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Okay, here is the chart from the run this morning.  I took 11 trades and won 7 of them, 62 pips gain vs 27 pips lost = 35 pip morning.  Most of the losses came from me fooling around with S&R fib lines which helped me out yesterday but today if I just would've stayed with JE's strategy it would have been a totally awesome day but don't get me wrong, I'm happy with 35 pips.

The first chart is the main one, the second is my fib chart which did help in confirming when and where I should enter and exit but as you can tell by the way it looks, it can be confusing which is not a good thing.

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
I think you could have taken the short where I wrote breaking support on the chart. Yes, then the stoploss could have been triggered (15 pips). No prob, take the next signal.

Normally 5 pips is okay for breaking support, but I also look at how many bars is price going down allready, and was it a strong move? It was going down for quite a while and the second red candles in my square didn't make a new low, so fo rme, I would have waited to look for a new move down.

(okay, my nature is sometimes restless and it is possible I would have taken it). I think you agree it was better to wait.

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
It' very nice to see you all saw this trade coming and did take good profits.

Nevertheless I would like to point out to new visitors to this thread how easy it is to see this kind of High Prob Trade coming. Especially when using the latest V3.2 template.

All remarks are on the chart. Really it's that simple to spot a high prob trade.

One thing you should always look at when using template v3.2 because it is most significant when pinpointing entries is the following:

When the Kijun/Tenkan joins in a horizontal move one of the Ribbon lines of TF1 zone (CornflowerBlue and DeepPink) and price falls or rises through this combo, it's a first indication for entries. Of course this has to be validated by the rest of the chart (CCI and FXPrime's). Try to develop an eye for this !!.

What you could do is, run through several charts to check if there is some truth in this statement or..... how valuable it is when making entry decisions. I leave that up to you...

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
just 2minutes ago i take this screen

60 pips on EURJPY

take the short at the vertical line and move stop loss at break even when move lower 30 pips

and that's it

kino

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Your remark on the chart about price falling out of TF1 and TF1 falling ot of other TF zones....... that's the best explenation why we should have waited to go short...in addition to the conversation between Hunter123 and myself.

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
When Price falls in such a way as it did about 09:13...... there is almost always a second repetitive trade coming according to Elliot Wave theory.

The first one starting at a point 2 (being a Wave 3) and the second trade starting at a point 4 (being a Wave 5). In this case that became true as well.

Usually the Wave 5 trade is not that big as the Wave 3..... which became true here as well. But still a nice 70-80 pips ride...

So be aware next time you see a downfall like this..... there is a very good chance for the repetitive Trade.

It's all in the chart.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
Yes I followed the conversation and it's good to see that you made up this conclusion.

I am leaving for a weekend break.....

Have a nice weekend too,

John

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
Hi John.... Could you pls explain on the use of "dots" on both upper fxprime and lower fxprime ....

Is it correct to say that when dots appear... a change of trend is imminent ? Either up or down... depending on other attached indicators like CCI ?

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
Hi Syahmi,

the dots only appear on the lower indicator. John calls them alert-dots. The meaning is quiet clear. They do alert you (early) that possibly a movement direction change can occur.

Take a look at my chart...

I hope this explanation is okay. John is gone for now, so I thought I give a reply.

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
Would it be cool to anyone else here to have an indicator that looks like the kino buycount or 2 cci above 0 indicators that would tell us simply 3 things

with alert.

1. If price is above ALL ribbons green

2. if price below all ribbons red

3. If anywhere else yellow

then add alert, when price first Closes above all

ribbons pop up telling which pairs as the indicator

turns green and vice versa for first close below

all ribbons.

This would be a great alert and confirmation indicator

for those of us who just want to do the open sky

trades both the first close for alert to come watch

that specific chart for entry and on color for confirmation..

sometimes the ribbons are not in screen and you can think

you are above or below all but you are not.. would be great

confirmation.

Anyone agree or have thoughts?

thanks

Brian

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
hi everybody

for those who are interested in 5min time frame, i found some new settings for ribbons and i made a lot of pips... i share it here and you can use it for 5minute time frame, i hope it will be useful...

cheers,

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Sometimes...I want to forget about the rules.... and trade what I see...the ribbons

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
Hi John,

I have a couple of questions to understand the template better:

1)Do we have to wait for price to close  above/below Kijun/Tenkan for buy/sell?

2)In the chart today after the 1st short, where is a good exit? Is it at the 1st pivot underneath? Or you wait till the condition you mentioned  in post    1871 "The Kijun/Tenkan also helps identifying entries and exits when it exits/enters the TF1 zone ribbon almost simultaneously with price.  "

I've shown this on the chart attached.

3) If exited at the pivot, is it ok to re-enter on the chart with pivots nearby?

Thank you very much for all your support and ideas.

Pipster

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
[quote=golden1;2633394]Would it be cool to anyone else here ...

That would be very cool  indeed!!!

Happy weekend to all.

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
Help anyone,

Where can I get the latest version of these Indicators Jazz is using?

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Thanks.... I've been waiting for this one... for quite some time already.

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
Jazz, what is this index you are trading?

And  a question to all of you, how many trades do you get per day? I'm sure you noticed these ribbons filter many of the fxprime basic signals, you might even have days with no trades,I know you could say you have to wait for the good trades instead of over trading but my big problem with the basic fxprime was always the fact it misses lots of strong moves.

For example the big short friday on eur/usd, the market was already set up for short so the prime was perfect to take it but sometimes the move can happen from long area so until the cci turns red, the 1&5min ribbons get below the 15 &30 ribbons and all conditions are met for short, the market could go down 100 pips  already and then it's too late to enter, I'm sure lots of you saw it before.

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
Hi Pipster,

On this chart there are some possibilities you may have look at:

1. The trendline on the chart, either drawn on price or drawn along side the Kijun/Tenkan. The cross provides an exit. However when you expect a possible bounce of Price (in this case made visual by Randy Candles) on the TF1 zone, you may decide to let it run. An other possibility is.... Place two short positions when beginning a High Prob Trade...... Close 1 trade when you feel unsecure at this point and .... Let the other one run and see if it develops further in your favor..... as would heave been the case here.

2. The upper FXPrime most of the time also provides good exits as you can see.

3. Another exit strategy is provided by the SMA. When Short.... SMA under the -67 line turning up from a trendline over the latest part of the SMA. You see an opening is being created with all exits.

4. Another one is provided by the blue BrainTrend4Sis dots.

Your question about entering a short above a single Pivot- or Fibline only can be done when there has been a bounce of price shortly before on that Fibline. If not don't go ahead and wait until you have seen a bounce. The next retry for Price to go down usually succeeds...... at least when there is nothing else in the way (i.e. Fib- Pivotline or ribbons).

Continuation of Price in the same direction as it did go before....... is especially most likely when Price now falls out of a triangle shape.... or rises up from from a triangle shape when price is rising of course.

Price falling out of or rising from a triangle always has some boost power to cross ribbons, Pivot- and Fiblines. There are four examples on this chart for re-entry this way. Take care that at the narrowing point of the triangle you see at least one bounce on either side before price starts breaking out of the triangle !!

Hope this helps, John

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Brian,

This could even be a major step forward using TFZones strategy for SwingTrading. Very cool indeed !!

The idea is as I understand this: This indicator should filter or.... look for High Prob Setups only.

This shouldn't be to difficult to create, I think (and hope), for basically what it has to do is verify the moments when TF1 Zone breaks above or below all other zones.

Finetuning this could be done using the V3.1 template idea by going one step further, i.e. when at the above mentioned situation the TickZone crosses above or below TF1 Zone.

When this indicator would be in operation and give a sound alert at the supreme moment of crossing you indeed have a very good chance of a High Prob Trade commencing.

Next open those charts of currency pairs you want to trade and wait for the sound alerts of this indicator...... And you have created a very sensitive system for SwingTrading.

Kinonen.... Being the developer of the magnificant Ribbons Indicator....... may we ask you one more time to do us an indicator favor? Provided you have some spare time.... could you help us out on this subject?

Looking forward to hearing from you, John

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
if i have understood your request only now ; because i'm not often on this thread ...because i think it's useless , particularly on ranging trend ;and a sma50+2cci+ema34 make the same work !

so you want a filter ;
red when current bar is below tf1ribbon (while it is above rib5 & rib15)
green when current bar is above tf1ribbon (while it is above rib5 & rib15)
and yellow elsewhere

i can answer you that this indicator i have began to code it sat afternoon;

but i'm going far away (from France and my computer) on Monday ,it seems that it's difficult to do it, but perhaps i'll finished before

kino

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
Two things would be great. IF it was set by color:

red when the tf1 ribbon is BELOW all other ribbons

green when the tf1 ribbon is ABOVE all other ribbons

and yellow if anywhere in between

and then secondly.. alarm with pop up alert telling

which pair when the price for a long, closes ABOVE

the t1 ribbon when its above all other ribbons.

So only when it first breaks above tf1 and tf1

is above all other ribbons and the exact

same for a short alert when the price closes

below, drops under the tf1 ribbon and the tf1

ribbon is below all ribbons.

This would be truly great.

Correct John?

That's what I was thinking of..

Brian

So the colors would be red when price is below 27 thru 1620 MA

green when price is above all ma 27 thur 1620

and yellow otherwise? Is that an easier way to code

the first portion of the indicator? Not sure..just a question.

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
Thanks absolutely..yeah sounds good to me.  I really like this thread

and now with the ribbons.. just love to be able to run on

more pairs and be able to focus on one chart when this alarm

goes off.

Brian

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
So the colors would be red when price is below 27 thru 1620 MA

green when price is above all ma 27 thur 1620

and yellow otherwise? Is that an easier way to code

the first portion of the indicator? Not sure..just a question.[/quote]

it"s more difficult than that!

no too difficult but whith so much parameters !

I need time but it 's in progress

later in the afternon oron monday i 'll finished it, because

now i'm with all family

bye

kino

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
it"s more difficult than that!

no too difficult but whith so much parameters !

I need time but it 's in progress

later in the afternon oron monday i 'll finished it, because

now i'm with all family

bye

kino[/quote]

im looking for #kino_3ma_ribbon?

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
im looking for #kino_3ma_ribbon?[/quote]

go post 1491

kino

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Ok Kino sounds great.  Look forward to it.

Brian

im looking for #kino_3ma_ribbon?[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2634571]Hi Pipster,

On this chart there are some possibilities you may have look at:

Hi John,

Thanks a lot for your reply. Will study what you have posted a few times to understand it better. Really grateful for all the advice and tips you provide.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
Hi Kino,

You are right. Maybe your insights are different from the ones I have, but I hope analyzing the matter early this morning is helpfull. I have studied few examples where TF1 zone crosses above or under all other Zones. Indeed these are not all the same and certainly this doesn't happen all the time when TF30zone is being crossed, because one of the other zones (TF5, TF15) may already be above or under TF30).

So the priciple for this indic could be like this: If a crossing of TF1 occurs with any of the ribbons of the other zones at a certain price level...... simultaneously this indic checkes if the other zones are above or below that price level....

Say a crossing of one of the ribbons of TF1 zone occurs with one of the ribbons of TF15 (with Eurusd) at 1.3225....... next the indicator has to check whether TF5 and TF 30 are above or below this price level.

A crossing above this price level indicates a possible Long High Prob Trade range. A crossing below this price level now would indicate a possible Short High Prob Trade. Crossing back between any of the TFzones would mean a Non High Prob Trade range

Next A finetuning is necessary to secure early entries at these levels by having the check of the fastest zone (TickZone) crossing above or below TF1zone. This finetunecheck however also could be done by using the Kijun/Tenkan. It could even be better to use the Kijun/Tenkan for the finetunecheck.

So it is more difficult to create a reliable sensor indicator than we thought at first glance..... What do you think of it Kino?

John

it"s more difficult than that!

no too difficult but whith so much parameters !

I need time but it 's in progress

later in the afternon oron monday i 'll finished it, because

now i'm with all family

bye

kino[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
You are welcome,

John

[quote=Pipster007;2636428]

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
If you can do it any other way..... using other indicators than the TFzones to locate a High Prob Trade range.... I think it's fine with all of us using TFzones.

However have a look at my previous post.... analyzing how it could be done using TFzones,

Meanwhile... Have a pleasant stay abroad.

Joh

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
Brian,

I did analyze the matter. Have a look at this.... one of my latest posts.

Do you have other suggestions / ideas?

John

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Right now happening on EursUsd. Two successive Shorts. Same principle as on last Friday.

Using triangles alongside the ribbons provides another very powerful tool to determine entries. To do so.....  you draw two of the sides exactly alongside the (lower) ribbons of the TFzones as on this chart.

The upper TFzones "press" price down.... so this a strong indication for price to fall out of the triangle. When it does..... There is your short opportunity!

There are some more examples of this on last Fridays chart.

Cheers and have a pipfull week, John

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
Nice to see people thinking about developing an alert indicator. Here are my thoughts.

We have two types of High Prob trades.
case 1. if price is between ribbons with enough pipdistance.....etc
case 2. if price is under/above all TF ribbons

general measurement: check for all TF Ribbon(1,5,15,30) if Ribbon minus price is positive or negative. So this are 4 checks. The 4 results are
a1 = negative or positive

a5 = negative or positive
a15= negative or positive
a30= negative or positive

In case 1. the indi compares
a.) if a1=positive, than check if pipdistance between price and Ribbons with negative results (a5, a15, a30) >35 pips. If yes, print red.
b.) if a1=negative, than check if pipdistance between price and Ribbons with positive results (a5, a15, a30) >35 pips. If yes, print green.

In case 2. the indi compares

if a1 AND a5 AND a15 AND a30 are positive; if yes print red
if a1 AND a5 AND a15 AND a30 are negative; if yes print green

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Why do I say price? Because only than you have an early warning. That gives you the opportunity to make your homework on your entry decision.

I repeat this sentence of John:
Next A finetuning is necessary to secure early entries at these levels by having the check of the fastest zone (TickZone) crossing above or below TF1zone. This finetunecheck however also could be done by using the Kijun/Tenkan. It could even be better to use the Kijun/Tenkan for the finetunecheck.

I am not sure if the indicator should make such an examination for us. What do we want? We want an alert that tells us if there is a possible high prob entry. I think we should look if precise conditions  are good enough for entry by ourselfs. It's not an EA...

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
Anther follow up trade.

To have better usage of drawing triangles..... you may want to change Volume Factor on TF1 zone indicator too. Only change Volume factor of the lower Ribbon of TF1 Zone from 0.63 into 0.54

So it reads as follows :

MA1 Period:      27

factor1:           0.72

MA2 Period:      36

factor:             0.54

The setup of this trade is on the chart.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
Nice trade setup!

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
Jazz,

This would be even better and suppose the setting of the TF1 zone could be adjusted..... You than still can adjust for Brian's original concept as well, i.e. the bigger scale High Prob Area's....

THX, John

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
lol don't know there is aanother ribbon , the TF30 ribbon !

so if i have time today i will print all the last posts and read them concensiouly ! and ...

i'm coming back on Monday 6th April

but this afternoon i'll do my best

bye

kino

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
two indicators version

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
Hi buddies,

this is my new 5m TF template, i think it's worth trying...

zip file includes .tpl and indis files.

cheers,

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
Can anyone comment why this setup was doomed to fail for a short trade here? Compared to the previous three shorts on EurUsd?

Because if you see the differences in the setups...... You will next time quite easy see up front why it has not the potential of becoming a succesfull trade like the previous three trades.

Please give your views......

John

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
KijunTenkan is not in free area.......

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
If you you closer Jazz you will notice that the Kijun/Tenkan is just outside the TF1zone, making a weird jump and certainly not close alongside one of the ribbons or inside the the TF1 zone.

Price is already under the Kijun/Tenkan which could be a signal for short.... but this far to weak to go ahead.

Other signs that is not going to be a strong jump down are:

1. The CCI is moving up for some time towards the zeroline and SMA has been above Zero and Above +67. In the previous cases we saw the CCI quite recently crossing down through zero while SMA going under +67 line.

2. Price is hoovering already for some time in zig-zag around a pivotline or fibline, which are signs of a possible trendreversal.

3. Try to draw same sort of triangle as with the three previous breakouts to secure a serious breakout here as well..... You will not succeed.

Breaking out of a triangle shape always gives a boost to price. Lack of boost power is one of the most significant marks of a failing trade.

4. There were already three shorts in a row, which usually marks the end of a complete Elliot Wave .

Have a look at my next post to see how you could have traded the breakout to upside.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
can you explain quickly what is a1 ?

because no time to look all the posts now

kino

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
Here we have a "cup and saucer " shape, Usually these are much wider in shape, but nevertheless you also can identify it as V-shape with two arms. The arm on the right hand falls just under the TF5Zone after two bounces marked by the small circles.

This is a very powerful shape. First of all it identifies a trend reversal..... the end of an Elliot Cycle and the beginning of a new Elliot Cycle. When you see it occur there is always boost power right at the moment when price rises up or falls down from this right arm. I once read on some trading forum that this could be referred to as NOAH's arm and hand...... Out of the hand the pigeon flies up in the sky !

Here it is particularly nice to see the making of it just under a TF5 Zone and and breaking right into it and above it..... straight up towards the TF15 zone.

Just wanted to share this, John

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
Kino,

I think you are referring to one the latest posts by Jazz1964.

Jazz if you see this.... Please would post a reply for Kino?

THX, John

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
general measurement: check for all TF Ribbon(1,5,15,30) if Ribbon minus price is positive or negative. So this are 4 checks. The 4 results are
a1 = negative or positive

a5 = negative or positive
a15= negative or positive
a30= negative or positive

Can you understand what I meant Kinonen?? Otherwise I will try to explain again.

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
On the chart below only TF1 is positive

the other TF's are negative.

You can see that by eye, but you can easily calculate it:

If Ribbonprice -Current Price >0 than it is positive.

Else it is negative

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
understood !

kino

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
It's good to see that you found time today to show us some trade exemples, John. Great stuff! As always, I will study them next days. Maybe I will post some charts again with situations like the ones you described.

In the meantime I enjoy looking at the markets with the eye of Big Brother, who spies accurate the behaviour of all the different timeframe-traders. So I can easely spot what actually is happening.

Send us some more puzzles!

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
gonna be crazy with ribbons

doesn't work everywhere ! and different if TF=1 or 5 !!

see that after holydays , sorry

kino

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
John Edwards, thanx a lot for your work! It's really great!

But i still have some frustration about it...

And you know why? I can't choose the best template of yours Action Trade setups.

I see a great difference between v3.1 and v3.2. I really can't understand, for what purposes Tick-Ribbon invented...

The question is... Which template is the best?

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
Yes Kini, just take your holiday!

People need time for resting from work!

Thanks for always being helpfull

Cheers, Jazz

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
Hi Wheel,

The V3.1 template uses one more Zone..... an even faster zone than the TF1 Zone. This one is only used to pinpoint entries with regard to the TF1 Zone and it is also used for tradeguidance, i.e. when you entered a trade it helps you to find the exit point of the trade.

The V3.2 template doesn't use this faster Zone. Instead of that we here use the Kijun/Tenkan to help us pinpoint entries and exits. When using this template you look for the first retracement after price has crossed the TF1Zone above or below one of the other Zones. There you most of the time find the best entry points, i.e. most of the time this will be just above or below the TF5Zone. At this same moment you take care that pipdistance towards another TFzone, Pivot- or Fibline is more than 35 pips away.

When price doesn't see any of these zones below or above it..... you than have a great chance for entering a High Prob Trade.

Yesterday I changed the settings for TF1Zone on this V3.2 template when using triangles to help find entries. You will find these settings in one of my latest posts  in this thread. Also you will find several examples how to draw and use these triangles.

This is the way how I now use template V3.2.

In the chart below there is an example of such a retracement. Pipistance towards the lower TFZone is a little less than 35 pips, however the retracement is a perfect one. Secondly the Kijun/Tenkan is horizontal over a relative long distance inside the TF1 Zone and price has no chance of getting above the Kijun/Tnkan. Next there is a yellow dot of the BrainTrend4Sig very close to price just under the TF1Zone.

Further validation is found on the CCI crossing zero and SMA already under zeroline. Upper (fast) FXprime is red and Lower (slow)FXprime shows a white dot.....

Hope this makes it clear,

John

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
Yesterday's V-shape trade example is a bit different from the one we saw happening here...

This V-Shape has two short arms left and on the right hand we see one short arm (trial for breakout) and the next one succeeds the breakout.

As the story goes NOAH gave the pigeon a trial flight first (first trial for breakout on the right)...... however the pigeon returned with a little branch..... (indicating it won't be long anymore). The next time NOAH let the pigeon fly..... it went up in the sky and it didn't return !!!

I like this aphorism so much...

When you have developed an eye for this powerfull V-Shape setup...... You'll see them happening again and again.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
So the left two arms are the animals walking in currencypairs into the ark?

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
"One of the most intriguing, if not mysterious, aspects of Forex Trading is the application of Fibonacci numbers in technical anaysis of the market.........

......1.618, and this very significant fibonacci number is known as the "golden ratio", "golden mean", and "divine proportion", among other names.

..........

This ratio can even be found in the Holy Bible. Two such examples are the ratios in the proportions of the Ark of the Covenant (Exodus 25:10) and the construction of Noah's Ark (Genesis 6:15)."

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
Thanks to John, here are my first explorations.

Only today i will have an applicable avatar on my profile.

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
That is quite funny..... What a joke !

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
this is what I waited for

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
Okay..... didn't know that these ratio's and numbers have been used in the scriptures. What I know of this is, they are being used in quite a number of structures from the past, like for instance in the Pyramids of Egypt (Cheops Pyramid). There is absoluty much hidden power in these shapes, ratio's and stuctures. Here is a link where I did a liitle bit on Sunwheels in charting some time ago.

http://www.forex-tsd.com/post-compar...et-real-3.html

Sunwheels are the most powerful structures in trading that I know of.

Basically it is a highly religious symbol in Bhuddism and other Asian Religions. If you want to know what a sunwheel is have search for that on Google....

John

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Can't find a good link....

I have seen your posts on sunwheels in the past, but didn't get it at that time.

Now I looked again to the posts and it looks good right now. I am interested. Hope it is has nothing to do with astrology

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
Hi Jazz...Can you post your v3.2 template? Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
Here are the v3.1 and v3.2 versions the way I like them. Only some visual adjustments and addition of SMA200.

In the v3.2 I changed the TF1 Ribbon according to John's latest insights.

I didn't attach any indicator, because they're posted before. I hope you're home feeling in this thread and allready have what you need.

Enjoy!

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
Will realy appriciate if you can post the exact set of indicators again please., or guide to a post wher to find them.

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
Hi Onlooker,

Welcome to the FX50 thread!

It's not that I am too lazy that I am not attaching the indicators which are required. The reason is that it is necessary to learn the basics about the TF-Ribbons. It takes time before one feels comfortable with the ribbons and can make effort with it. Investing time will give you a good insight in what's happening intraday. Well, that's my experience.

So I advise you to read everything John Edwards have posted from page 100 to the end. You will find the original templates with indi's and a few updated versions.

You can also take a look at the many charts I have posted. I think they are worthwhile. You can see that I made big progress myself on reading the charts.

Have a good time, Cheers

Jazz

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
A nice chart for you.

This is v3.1 with extra addition of  KijunTenkan in pink.... just curious....

I wish you all a good trading day.

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
Hi Jazz,

Thanks for the templates. I have all the other indis. Been following this thread diligently from day 1.

Happy Pipping

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
Hi JE,Jazz,

I took a long trade on the GU at the arrow a few minutes ago. Price dropped down fast after this.  I saw it as a valid trade based on:

1) price just broke above TF5

2) waited for it to retrace to TF1 and above  kijun, also retrace to just above  pivot

3)TF5 & TF1 providing support at entry

4) pullback of CCI89 to SMA and +67

I was concerned that the CCI 89 was above SMA & +67 for a long time before my entry so not sure if there is still anything left in the CCI to provide  "power boost"  upwards. I appreciate your advice what I did wrong here.

Regards,

Satini

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
Nothing really wrong with it.

If your stoploss is hit, it was too small.

Look at the way up it has allready done. That was pretty long, so the risk for a retracement was present. You are right with your concern on the CCI. It was better when it had made a retracement to zero or under zero.

R1 is often an important resistance

That's what I see.....

And futhermore I see profit.....

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
Jazz,

On my fxdd platform, price retraced much deeper....sigh. Anyway, would the white line be a much better entry after CCI recross 0?

Satini

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
I am missing data on my chart! that happens often last week, ......Broco.

So your chart is okay. Pitty for you.....

What I would like to bring up to discussion is the importance of the pivotlevel H3. In my opinion H3/L3 is not an important level that will take me away from an entry. This insertion needs to be affirmed or refuted.... anyone? Does anyone have some adducational stuff on the the importance of pivotlevels?

The biggest threat on your entry is the long way up allready made. There have been several bounces on TF1 ribbon. You can see negative divergance on the CCI

I would have done an earlier entry, if I felt I had to do something. But also that one is not a brilliant very high prob one, because of TF5 near above. But not too risky.

I like entries when price is above/under all ribbons when the ribbons are more together.

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
I gathered in a pdf file the most important posts and sample charts of the FX50 trading system with ribbons. This is a good summary and I share it with you, to give you the opportunity to read back the theory easely. From time to time I read it again too.

It's a collection of information, not a compendium.

The original stuff, including templates and indicator files, was posted by John Edwards starting on page 100.

Success!

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
Hi Jazz,

Thanks for the pdf. Very helpful certainly....

Many green pips,

Satini

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
I have found this indicator VERY helpful myself. I use

it very successfully on a 5 min setup, but this has

recently become part of my FX prime/ribbon setup

and I love it with the setting I have now.

It works great as is on the 5 min charts, but for the

1 min setup, I just change the cci from 5 to 89.  Then

it will put an alert on every candle when the 89 cci

hits 165 or higher.  You will see that almost every time

you would enter and this alert hits, it was a good idea

not to enter... good enough reason, but secondly

it also gives alert at great times to start considering

ending a trade.

Sometimes you can squeeze out more pips so I dont

exit immediately..but it gives me warning to start

watching closely and sometimes it gives a perfect

exit so its good to be alerted to watch.

I would LOVE if anyone here knows how to do the exact

same type of indicator but for the bollinger squeeze

vstock 513?  So.. that indicator can show when the

bolling squeeze is overheated just in the same way..

the best trades are when it is at 23.6 or higher, but

when it hits 50 its overheated and almost always

means end to the current move. It would be great

to have a bollinger squeeze overheated alert set at

50 in the exact same way this cci overheated alert works.

Anyone?

Thanks and I hope this helps others like I find it very helpful$

Brian

PS: If anyone can do a bollinger squeeze overheated version of this cci alert,

make the alert paint red so we know which one is alerting  It would be awesome.

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
Hi Brian,

overheated at 50 or 200? Or....

I am not a coder, so I can't help you.

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
Hi Pipster,

You didn't make a very wrong entry here..... however you may next time consider the following:

1. TF1 zone is crossing above TF5zone..... not TF1zone is retracing towards and next taking off again above TF5zone. Sometimes a crossing may be Okay, f.i. when shortly before TF1zone started taking off from TF15zone immediately under TF5zone.

2. In this chart however price has come a long way already.... look at CCI how long it has been green... so the question is how much renewal force may be expected at this point in time for price to make another break through?

Next there is a Pivotline very close above or near to your entry point. Price has not yet come above the Pivotline and make a retracement back towards...... and after such a retracement stayed above that Pivotline.

Think of Pivotlines on TF1 charts not being a single line.... but as an area with 5 - 7 pips (depending on currencypair) on both sides where price still may fall back under the Pivotline or rise above it again.... if price dropped just under that Pivotline.

Remember these same Fib- and Pivotlines are also used by other traders on TF30, TF60, TF240, ect. On those timeframes 5 -7 pips is hardly to be seen as an area on both sides....

3. TF1 Zone on this chart has not quite recently made a connection with any of the TFzones..... as such that TF1 zone bounced an started rising above that zone. That sort of connection happened a while ago at about 17:06 hrs, where TF1zone fell into TF15 zone. Next you see TF1zone rise above TF15 zone >>>> This is important for right at this moment TF1 and TF15 traders are in agreement to start buying respectively hold their positions.

TF5 traders however are still waiting what price is going to do. As you can see TF5zone is hoovering above TF1 and TF15zone. So for TF5 zone traders now the question is..... will price rise above the TF5 zone level..... or will it not be able to cross and will price start dropping from this TF5 level...... when price reaches this level? You better avoid these kind of situations.

If price drops at this level it means TF5 traders are are not going ahead with TF1Zone and TF15Zone traders, but they start taking profits. If on the other hand price continues to rise it means that TF5 zone trades join the club and at least hold their positions or also start buying/adding to their positions. Usually in a situation like this you will see price continuing to rise after some hesitation, which is the case here as well.

If it were the other way around... think of it as if TF5zone and TF15zone were in each others place.... it would have been much more more difficult for price to rise above TF15 level.

Anyway the better trade setups arrive when TF1 zone is completing a retracement towards TF5 (or TF15) zone and both are above the other zones. Immediately when price now takes off from TF1zone and there is no Pivot- or Fibline obstrucion you enter for long. Same goes for short the other way around of course.

As Jazz stated this trade could have gone the right way, but I also think you expected price to continue to rise immediately and therefore you had put in a tight stoploss or closed yourself the trade a little too early. Look at the Red Randy Candle still above the Kijun/Tenkan as your tradeguider..... and indeed next prise continued to rise.

Hope this helps, John

Two examples which happened today shortly afterwards the first part of my reply...... exactly fit this reply and whereas a picture tells more than a 1000 words...... here is that chart to prove it !!! For this I made use of Jazz1964 template.

B.T.W. If you make two or three trades a week according to this setup..... you may say goodbeye to your boss.....

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
Lol no problem.. on the cci alert, I have been tweaking

and for myself have found 89 cci and 225 as the overheated

level working even better for me.. that allows it to work better

across more market conditions.

on the bollinger squeeze overheating the level would be 50

could test 45, but I would set the default at 50 and see how

that looks   if and when such an indicator could be

posted here

Brian

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
This post will be added to my pdf....

As you can see in my post 2013, the SDX-TzPivots2b plots the names of the pivot/fib lines at the right of the chart. That's why I use that indicator.

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
Okay, the stoch! I was confused

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
Hi JE and Jazz,

Thanks a lot for your analysis of my trade. I appreciate all your comments and insights.

John, I don't fully understand your advice "Look at the Red Randy Candle still above the Kijun/Tenkan as your tradeguider.....". Can you explain further?

I've also noticed that the pivots and fiblines are different between your (Jazz &JE)  v3.2 templates. That's why I didn't see the R1 pivot on John's template just above my entry point. It is present on Jazz's template though.

Do I need to adjust any settings on the pivots for the broker I use (fxdd)?

Thanks again,

Satini

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
You entered on the blue dot and red arrow. Next price came down..... however the third red candle didn't go under the Kijun/Tenkan.... Next price went up again.

Pivotlines are important, however they are far less strong and important than the TFZones, certainly when both are in the same area and support or resistance is being added by the TFZones.

TFZones show you more than anything else how support and resistance is being built up in a chart and it does that by taking care of the influences of 5 TF's in one chart, i.e. TickZone + TF1, TF5, TF15 and TF30.

Look for instance at the chart I did add to the previous answer regarding your trade setup. You will notice..... on that chart I have neglected some of those Pivots- and Fiblines, because they are completely overruled by the force of the TFZones. TFZones building support here in this way..... is the main issue that counts and overrules everything else in any chart in such moments.

If you study and learn this trade setup by heart..... you will next time immediatley recognize when it it arrives.

No need to change anything with any broker using this template or trade with any manual trade system, unless you have a broker that applies Floating Spread (which in such cases may vary from 2 to 25 pips) at irregular intervals. Brokers that use Floating pipspread are thieves. Avoid these type of brokers.... as if they are the Plague, cause they are.....

Broker issues normally only are of a different kind and f.i. require the right scripts for getting in and of trades.

Good Luck, John

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
Heavy statement John!

May I illustrate it with a chart of my index today:

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
Coming up from the negative side and cross 0 line, and hitting the 67 line, that's when you look for the best price trade. Is this right?

it seems that this works well today.

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
Hi Newline,

Your trade is not what we call a High Prob Trade. There is some evidence for a long trade, especially CCi crossing 67 level. But that's not enough.

The tickribbon was below the TF1 Ribbon. It just crossed the TF1 ribbon. You have to wait for a retracement like shown in post 2020.

At your  entry a very small retracement occurred, price touched the tickribbon.

But: pipdistance to the higher Tf ribbon was too small and that makes the trade uncertain.

Nice to see you working with this setup. It's a really strong system, which helps you to find the best entries.

Maybe it helps if you read the pdf. And the latest posts of John from today (they're not in the pdf at the moment).

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
Hi all, how's it all going sorry i just haven't had much time to work on my thread But I want to thank John Edwards, Kino and all who has helped improve this trading method. I also re did post 1 and directing them to post 1. And John if there is anything you want me to add to post 1 let me know and I will change it.

fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
I am glad you asked this question, because what you tell us by this is basically the mistake made by most traders. They look for entries at the indicators underneath. That is never the way to make an entry decision.

What I want to point out to you is:

When it is not in the chart..... it certainly is not in the indicators underneath. By this I mean, that you have to read any chart as such that the chart itself conveys to you which is an entry and which is not an entry point..... which is an exit and which is not.

What really matters all the time in any chart is the game of support and resistance, attraction and rejection. That is the name of the game and it is in the chart alone. You have to develop an eye for that...... using MA's TFzones, Pivot- and Fiblines, etc.

Any indicator underneath.... never ever should be more than a confirmation indication. Sometimes you see charts with more than 7 indicators underneath.... all telling the same story. These only mess up reading a chart and never contribute reading a chart immediately when necessary!!!!

The rest already has been answered by Jazz,

Hope this helps too,

John

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
Hi FXTrading24,

As you may have noticed things on your thread have developed way beyond my expectations and many have contributed in the meantime, like Maxzeus. Kinonen (as always), Jazz1964, ClearTrade, Golden1, damonl to name but a few...

Your invitation to make an update to Post #1 is very welcome and somewhere next week I'll mail you by PM zip-file with templates and indics, OKay?

Thanks once more,

John

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
Hello John

Great work you guys are doing - very inspirational. John I have tried Braintrend (various versions) & I am unable to attach any one of them to the chart. Any help on this will be appreciated.

Regards

B Dedyal

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
[quote=John Edwards;2646939]You entered on the blue dot and red arrow. Next price came down..... however the third red candle didn't go under the Kijun/Tenkan.... Next price went up again.

Thanks a lot John for all the invaluable advice and sharing. I have certainly learned a lot from this one trade and the other examples you have posted. Looking forward to more wisdom from you and all the rest.

Certainly, I can't wait to say goodbye to my boss....

Good pipping,

Satini

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
Please start reading on page 100...... there is your solution.

John

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
You're welcome,

John

[quote=Pipster007;2649617]

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
Great John, glad to help all you out.

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
Got it John - many thanks

Dedyal

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
Hi John, Jazz and everyone

I think it would be awesome, to keep it simple, if the new ribbon/price

indicator could tell these things

1. Immediately when price closes above all ribbons and the

tf1 ribbon above all other ribbons, and price closes above

the kijun. Pop up alert telling which pair immediately on the close.

2. Exact same for when totally reversed for a short

3. When tf1 just breaks above 5 and price closes above

kijun for a secondary long signal ie not necessarily above

ALL ribbons but in right order otherwise for like inbetween

ribbon trades. Same thing for a short tf1 below 5 and price

first below kijun.

4. a bar just to show us current state red for if below ALL ribbons

green if above all ribbons and yellow if otherwise. So the breakaway

trades, clear sky trades would be first alert above, 1 or 2

and red for a short and green for a long... but the in-between ribbon

trades, where otherwise the tf1, tf5 and price/kijun are all otherwise

setup correctly, then the bar will be yellow, to make sure we

are aware we are not totally above or below all other ribbons and

we can make sure we have enough pip space before entering

a trade toward another ribbon.

Sound good?  Looking for confirmation of the indicator for Kino

when he can get back to checking this out and in general

what this indicator should be setup to do.

I think it would be a great asset.  Thanks!

Brian

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
i don't know. i played very dumb today. trying to do new things when i didn't have it. as i was going back and study how i traded today, i realized i was going backward most of the trades.

well, two, three days of profit was evaporated today.

i need more focus.

all of you guys did well today?

hope so.

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
I have spent the best portion of this weekend reading the various threads that involve the original setup. I am new to MT4 but have managed to get my template setup with the minimum indis as suggested many times. What I believe would help me to learn is if I could also enable this ea to give alerts only so that it would reinforce what I am watching on the charts. My question is when I install the ea will it also require me to have the exact indicators and settings loaded in the chart that are referred to in the ea code? Sorry for such a elementary question but I am not familiar with MT4 or ea codes. Thank you for your assistance. ArtCole

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
Not to be rude or anything but we are so far down the road from that EA that Ronald made months ago I think.  We are not using an EA but a more advanced trading system that works if you are willing to be a student and read and study from post 100 of this Thread.  My advice is not to count on EAs because Brokers are known to trade against them but with this system I can't see anything that a broker can really do besides spike the price here and there and try to trigger a SL.

However, and EA has not been made for this system but more alert indicators are being worked on.

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
Please show us your chart and trade entry.... so we may comment and share our views,

John

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
For all newcomers: You can make your copy of the pdf which is in post #2016 here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...34759&page=135

In this pdf file the most important stuff about FX50 with Ribbons is gathered.
EDIT: THE ATTACHED PDF FILE IS NOW COMPLEMENTED WITH THE LATEST IMPORTANT SUBJECTS, POSTED FROM APRIL 1ST 'TILL TODAY.

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
holydays are finished now, but i'have a lot of work, will work on indicator later

kino

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
I want to show you the results of a visual backtest. I did research on EURUSD with the v3.1 template. Testperiod March 5th to April 6th, equal to 22 trading days.

FIRST backtest: PRICE above or under ALL TF RIBBONS:

For this type of trade I searched for situations where

1. price broke out from all TF Ribbons,

2. price made a pullback to the TickRibbon

3. and after that price went away from TickRibbon

4. AND ALSO TickRibbon broken out from other TF Ribbons.

Profitable:   30

Breakeven/Loss: 21

Total trades: 51

Win %    59%

Conclusion:

Though winning%>50% we can't speak about an high probability trade.

SECOND backtest: TF1 RIBBON above or under OTHER TF RIBBONS:

For this kind of entry the next terms are concerned:

1. TF1 is breaking out of other TF Ribbons

2. TickRibbon on the good side of TF1 Ribbon

3. Price on the good side of TickRibbon

Profitable: 18

Breakeven/Loss: 4

Total trades: 22

Win %  82%

Conclusion:

Entry on this type of breakout is certainly a high probabilility trade.

THIRD backtest: Trading between the Ribbons:

Following conditions were indicative:

1. price and TickRibbon both on good side of TF1 Ribbon

2. Tickdistance between price and TF5/TF15 Ribbon should be at least 30 pips.

3. If pipdistance to the next Ribbon was not big enough, but if it concerned a good widening triangle, I also 'took the trade'.

Profitable: 40

Breakeven/Loss: 13

Total trades: 53

Win %  75%

Conclusions:

When TF1 breaks out from the other TF Ribbons, we have an high prob opportunity.

Trading opportunities between the ribbons occures often and they give high probability trade possibilities.

Reading the thread, I am getting the impression that Trading Between The Ribbons does not get the attention that it deserves.

Following pictures shows an exemple of each backtest type.

"disclaimer": it was hard to do an exact test, so please don't ask me the testing data. The results that I post here are more or less reliable, but still indicative.

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
I hope you enjoy the backtest of my previous post, because working on that one made me missing a very very nice trade.........

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
Perhaps you didn't actually read my post and the request I made. It was not a request for opinions on ea's, or brokers, or the FX-50 system.

Perhaps you didn't notice that I mentioned spending countless hours over the past few days reading all the posts in this thread and also the earlier threads concerning the FX-50 system. This is no small task. In fact I would dare say that the majority would not even consider it. However, I did and that means I am aware of the current variant of the FX-50 system which in your stated opinion is "an advanced trading system". I do not happen to share your opinion.

This is what I prefer my charts to look like when making trade decisions.

http://i39.tinypic.com/10ynfhg.jpg

So, perhaps there is someone that still subscribes to this thread who contrary to ClearTrade's opinion still uses or in the past has used the ea that was written for the original system to signal alerts only. I have the ea so I am not looking to have someone point me to the file. As I stated in my previous post I am new to MT4 (not to trading) so I am not familar with how MT4 ea's function.

My question again is does this ea/all ea's require the indicators referenced in the code be on the chart for the ea to work properly. Assistance with this question will be most appreciated. Art Cole

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
Hi, just wanted to post this setup on USDCHF about an hour ago. Thanks to John who mentioned in previous post 2020 to look out for this kind of setups where price retraces to TF1 above upper TF zones and take off from there.

Regards,

Satini

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
Hello Art, welcome to MT4 and this forexfactory community of Friends!

You don't need to attach the indicators on your chart. If an EA is using internal indicators like atr, rsi, stochs, etc, it can get that data from MT4 internally. If it's using external custom indicators they'll need to be in your indicator folder and they need to be compiled.

When you downloaded all indicators which you found in relation to the EA, than they will be compiled almost for sure.

Have fun.

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
Great trade Satini, you got it! Congratulations!

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
Thank you for that reply. It is what I needed to know although it means I will need to dig into the situation more. I have had the ea on my charts for the entire morning and have no alerts. Something is not right but I will figure it out.

PS, thank you for the PM the other day inquiring about my location, LOL. Although it is cold where I am I am not where the profile says, thank heavens. Don't know what happened when I hit the drop down box response to that question when I joined FF. I will need to see if I can fix that although it may be a good conversation starter.

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
i realized that 5min chart gives you very high probable trades.

following the fxprime_V2(5mm TF) signal and watch the move on the 1min ribbon chart to enter.

trendCCI: 170, 34 on 5 min chart gives trend where it's heading.

if we play with the trend, it's almost 100% accurate.

the only problem is less trading opportunities each day.

I did backtesting for almot last 30 days. It really is almost like a bulletproof.

please give your professional thoughts on this.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #2046 ---
here it is. i went long when 5min showed for long.

i didn't hold too long due to the cciTrend which still shows negative.

i made 15pips on this.

--- 帖子 #2047 ---
i shorted at this level. 5min chart didn't show the signal yet, but i looked at the 1min ribbon chart and 5min cciTrend and figured it's on the downside.

let's see.

--- 帖子 #2048 ---
this 5min with 1min ribbon give me a lot of confidence.

thank you,

--- 帖子 #2049 ---
After closely analyzing all the screenshots and posts, and my habit of organising everything and that i like things simplified

So heres a simple & easy Guide for the FX50 v3 JohnEd strat that i also follow with success (will post full PDF version soon this month)

PS why FX50 v3, well v1 was based on FXP and fxtrading24 started the fx50 thread with his rules but F4 (v2) and JohnEd (v3) did different FX50 versions still based with CCI's as the main indi, they both are succesfull as strategy

** and yes i do trade both EUR/USD - F4 & GPB/USD - Johns **

IMPORTANT - May need Editing after Johns & Jazz REVIEW  but im sure im pretty damn close.

Hope this help

--- 帖子 #2050 ---
i still encourage new members to view Johns / Jazz posts, or just download JAzz PDF file , there is no backdoor in making money unless you rob a bank but thats not legal, better rob banks or financial/gvnt institutions legally thru FOREX or stocks hehe !!!

''You can do it, if you beleive you can''  (trading)

Jazz's PDF file
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...0&d=1239014042

--- 帖子 #2051 ---
Hi Jazz,

I owe it to you and JE for your patience and guidance. Thank you for your backtest results. Certainly something to keep in mind when spotting trades.

Just a quick check. Personally, do you use both v3.1 and v3.2 templates? Or you have a preference? I've noticed that v3.2 seems to give high probability trade setups almost every time everything lines up. However, sometimes there is a clearer entry on v3.1 compared to v3.2 at times. Example is attached below in the 2 templates. Comparing the 2 entries on EU yesterday when price breaks out of the v3.2 TFs, the CCI was already red for some time and below -67 for some time, so was not the best entry. The better entry seem to be at v3.1 when price broke below all TFs earlier and CCI just cross sma and -67. I  realise we are never gonna have exact entries on both the templates but your comments would be most appreciated.

--- 帖子 #2052 ---
Hi Pipster,

I use v3.1 as my main chart. I adopted the KijunTenkan indicator into that template, because it is complementary to the TickRibbon. I like the movement of the Tickribbon and the relativization of the KijunTenkan line.

v3.2 is a very good template too, I have studied it for a few days after its release. Looking at your 2 charts, you can see price is reacting on the TF30 Ribbon! Nevertheless TF15 as the biggest TF Ribbon is good enough for me, because an extra Ribbon costs me too much attention. It can prevent me from making a good entry, but that is very personally.

Have a nice day everybody.

--- 帖子 #2053 ---
Hi Maxzeus,

Nice seeing you again, good to read you are also using the FX50 strategies with succes!

Thank you for the guide. I began to note some adjustments, .......but I hope John will find some time to do that...! If not, just let me know John, and I will do it.

Because of its compactness and organized nature, it will be of great value for many traders.

Good trading day to you!

--- 帖子 #2054 ---
Jazz,

It's nice to see your research shows good and positive results. Thanks for explaining the methods you have been using for this.

John

--- 帖子 #2055 ---
Many of us have started the same way..... and I agree a simple chart is often better than a complicated chart with too many indicators and certainly underneath.

As you stated having read the whole thread, I conclude that you are willing to study and invest in knowledge.

The advantage of using TFZones over other Trading Systems is that you can quite clearly see where there is going to be support and resistance. TFZones show you dynamic support and resistance, i.e. it shows you where these are to be expected in relation to both time and price. Fibo- and Pivotlines only show price levels as horizontal lines.

Actually the TickZone (fastest zone) and the next one TF1Zone in the V3.1 template do more or less the same as the basic indicators indicators on your chart.

Trading is not only a matter of getting entries and exits right, but also very much needs "target determination", i.e. at the moment you pull the trigger you also need to have some idea of how far that trade may go.....

There are many systems being used for target determination, like trendlines, fibs, pivots, Elliot Wave, Wolfewave, etc. TFzones too come in quite handy here..... you don't have to draw anything..... they simply are there all the time in each and every chart. Of couse you have to study how it works or maybe also have to get used to it, but than that is no different from any other trading system...

So what you could do is set up another chart as well using TFZones and switch between charts. Jazz1964 also trades that way.... Maybe that helps you to discover the power of the TFZones.

Good Luck, John

--- 帖子 #2056 ---
Max,

I am quite occupied in a different project at the moment, but will absolutely get back to you when I have tried these rules in trading. By the end of this week you'll have my reply.

Thanks for all the work and organizing,

John

--- 帖子 #2057 ---
Ok, This is not a trade with TF1 undercrossing all other TF ribbons.

I took it.

TickRibbon under widening TF1 Ribbon

TF15 Ribbon leaving

KijunTenkun allready for some time above price

TF5 Ribbon Widening, so not too big support

Yellow dot

both FXPrime red

CCi strong red

no pivots quick on the way down. L3 isn't my concern.

--- 帖子 #2058 ---
somebody who pulled the trigger?

--- 帖子 #2059 ---
Hi Billye,

A little bit offtopic....

I can't find any news that caused the stocks falling. So it's pure techical.

It was in the Ribbon charts....!

--- 帖子 #2060 ---
here is the kino's indic close above/under ribbons

please before ; let's wait for John edwards to try it ! thanks

after that i'll send the mq version

RED above all 3 ribbons
GREEN below all 3 ribbons
YELLOW elsewhere

tell me if it's ok and after i'll make some changes, alerts , calculation if more than 35 pips between etc ...

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2061 ---
some of you have uploaded the indy , it seems that it's working well , but as i told you just before , wait for John's agreement !

kino

--- 帖子 #2062 ---
Hi Kino,

As allways: he has done the job!

thanks for the indi! I will take a look at it soon, haven't downloaded it yet.

it will be geat for many people who have to watch different pairs.

I hope you have the opportunity for further development.

thanks again!

--- 帖子 #2063 ---
RED BELOW all 3 ribbons
GREEN ABOVE all 3 ribbons
YELLOW elsewhere

--- 帖子 #2064 ---
it was not too difficult finally , but all the different buffers on iCustom are difficult to associate and particularly with 3 ribbons !

you have sometimes spoken of ribbon30 ! should i add also this 4th ribbon ?

this one works with any pair , but i'll add alerts popup with the currency pair's name later ; the most imprtant is to see if the settings are good !

kino

--- 帖子 #2065 ---
people who use v3.2 do have the TF30 Ribbon on their chart, so yes it's better if you would add it. But I think you can wait with that one, till we've defined improvements, okay? I will check the indi tonight.

--- 帖子 #2066 ---
Kino,

the indicator is doing the way it should do, great. You got part 1. working conform request. Well, I know I am not John Edwards and you asked to wait for his approval. Sure fine by me.

As a result of my backtest from post #2045, I would suggest to carrefully define the desired functions of the indicator again. As a help we can use the Guide from Maxzeus at post #2056, after being finetuned by John.

I would like to bring to attention the question what we basically desire. Should the indi be an early alert, or should it tell us the 'exact' entry?

I don't want to give the final answer here, but my idea is that it should alert us before a good entry occurs. So maybe, the indi should produce different colours for different stages of alert....E.g.:

- Violet bar when price <> all

- red bar when also KijuTenkan or TF1..........or.....

I think some people have to do some homework together.

--- 帖子 #2067 ---
Kino,

I just came home and still have to test this indicator, however the first looks of it are splendid! Tomorrow morning CET time I'll start testing.

Thanks for now..... You are a Magnificant Artist !!!

John

--- 帖子 #2068 ---
Are first, awesome first step Kino. this is perfect, as described.

Second, the next stage, I see as keeping this bar as is

and the pop up alerts take it to the next level, telling

when above kikun, tick and tf5 for example. and now you

can look and see the bar and confirm yes its green ok

look real close and get ready to go long... or its yellow,

let me make sure there is enough space before I

enter to the next ribbon and then if so, I will look

to go long.

So alerts is the idea, telling all the basic rules have been met now check your

charts and see if you agree and then when for exact entry.

Third, yes Kino that would be great, if you will add the 30 minute

ribbon, later when you can get to it.

Brian

--- 帖子 #2069 ---
thanks a lot John, you are our teacher ; i'm only the hand

(and when you say artist you haven't seen all my all paintings ! i'll show you them later too)

i 'll make some modifications later

good bye

kino

--- 帖子 #2070 ---
Hi,

i am interested with ribbon indicator.Can you posted me Ribbon indicator please.

Thanks,

ray

--- 帖子 #2071 ---
page 100, post 1491, or click on paper clip icon & search.

--- 帖子 #2072 ---
Kino

Your new indicator nicely signals arrival of Major Breakouts and High Prob Trades. Here is a new template. Added are the TF30 zone and also #Spudfibo and ZigZagPointer. The #Kino_close_above_ribbons indicator doesn't take the TF30Zone into acount, therefore "above all ribbons means here above TickZone + TF1Zone + TF5Zone + TF15Zone. You will notice that TF30Zone is of less importance for entry decision and actually is more or less only usefull to identify support and resistance at greater distances. As such the edges of TF30Zone (=TF30Ribbon) most of the time work more the same as Pivot-and Fiblines.

The #Kino_close_above_ribbons indicator does indeed point to a breakout at hand. In this case there are 2 breakout trials above all ribbons that stop under the #SpudFibo line..... the third one succeeds.

Now this very important: The 3-d one is the one you want to have to enter your trade... Why? This is the only breakout that fullfils all requirements at point 4, because here TF1Zone (CornflowerBlue and DeepPink coloured edges) is rising after a retracement first...... above all other TFZones and simultaneously the TickZone (DarkGreen and DarkOrange edge) has made a small retracement from above towards TF1 Zone.

This fullfilment is the reason why now Price breaks above the #SpudFibo line and Price will continue to rise untill it reaches the next level of resistance..... most of the time provided by next level of Fibo or Pivotlines.

Kino's new indicator beautifully marks the entry point together with the break in the upper FXPrime_V2 indicator.

ZigZagPointer is only being used to point forward to possible valid entry points marked by the BrainTrend4Sig.

There is however one snag using #Kino_above_ribbons. I think because of the Ribbons it uses quite a lot of CPU or of graphical display and therefore slows downs MT4 performance...... So Kino if you could change that by using the simple T3MA indicator for this purpose in your #Kino_above_ribbons indicator...... that might solve the MT4 performance issues.

B.T.W. Looking forward to the .mq4 version.

Anyway here is the chart to prove the breakout example, a new template + ZigZagpointer + #Spudfibo.

All other indicators necessary for this template can be found on page 100 of this thread

Hope you like it, John

--- 帖子 #2073 ---
All setup rules complied once more.... exactly the same as in my previous post. Happened just now on EurUSD.

Congrats to those who took it,

John

--- 帖子 #2074 ---
I apologize for at first uploading wrong template (V3.11) in post #2079.

It's now been replaced with the right one (V3.12). So please replace that one with the new uploaded template in post #2079.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #2075 ---
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////

hi john

sorry but i'have made the indicator with kino_T3MA ribbon filled

( a=iCustom(NULL, 0,"kino_T3MA ribbon filled",MA1Period,factor1,0,i);

is a part of ribbon TF1 etc ...)

i don't think it will be quicker

i'll see with T3MA

kino

--- 帖子 #2076 ---
here new version with T3MA instaed of kino_T3MA ribbon filled !

enjoy , don't know if it's quicker

mq4 version

kino

--- 帖子 #2077 ---
i have destroyed the good one
don't use this one !

kino

--- 帖子 #2078 ---
ouf = I have rebuild it !

--- 帖子 #2079 ---
HERE 2 indicators the ...last  is with ribbons

the second (modified) with T3MA

if you can say which one is faster !

kino

--- 帖子 #2080 ---
this topic have more than 140 pages i must read all of them or the first page only

--- 帖子 #2081 ---
welcome to this thread,

in my opinion it's really worth reading from page one to completely find out how this system works, but the system is improved by J. Edwards, Kinonen and other guys ; however you can start from page 100 (post #1489) and follow it because some settings have been changed...

good luck

--- 帖子 #2082 ---
I really love this system... everyone out there really trading

this system in any of its close variations, whether live

or even demo. What are your favorite pair(s) to trade

this system on?

Hope everyone has a very profitable good day!

Brian

--- 帖子 #2083 ---
hi dear Brian,

I'm a fulltime trader and I just trade on GPB/USD and EUR/JPY pairs because I want to focus on charts and more charts make me dizzy, also these 2 pairs include all major currencies. But i trade in 5 minute TF and I always make alittle changes to indicators' settings and I use my own template (with extra indicators such as Ichimoku which is very useful for me).

I found this system very profitable and I've used it since 4 month ago when was began in another thread by C Dude, but by passing the time it was improved by some great guys such as J.Edwards and other buddies and of course dear Kinonen who is great programmer ever I've known. I appreciate them in advance and of course i made a lot of pips

Good luck

--- 帖子 #2084 ---
Hi Guys

I'm really thinking about going fulltime with trading forex even though I only have less than 1 year experience.  I have over 3 years of trading penny stocks and small caps and this is by far a more rewarding trade.  I gotta give Forex AutoPilot thanks for getting me involved in forex even though it gave me a margin call and a $2,000 loss but it made me search for knowledge to do this manually (the professional route "the stairs not the elevator").

Baby Pips and Forex Factory have been my two most reliable tutors and have guided me with professional minded traders who know what they are doing.  The moment I stopped doing this to make a quick buck was the moment things started to turn for the better.  This is my profession and I am an apprentice of the trade staying humble and hungry for knowledge.

I'm setting a date for around August or September to go fulltime trader and parttime JOB and hopefully by the end of the year I can drop the JOB totally.  I'm open to any advice from the fulltime traders out there who have been doing this for a while and knows the risk involved with the industry.

Thanks to all for your guidance.

--- 帖子 #2085 ---
Same here with those two pairs.. I have been doing the 5 minute

for most of my professional trading, I just go nuts on long tf trades,

but recently have become most comfortable with the 1 min

charts based upon the ribbons being added to my standard

setup.

Brian

--- 帖子 #2086 ---
thank you Kino!  Another really great job!

--- 帖子 #2087 ---
Woooooooo Nice to see all you guys back.

Looks like you have designed something similar to the drive of the Tardis, if you guys know what a Tardis is. LoL

This system does allow for teleportation, doesn't it?

--- 帖子 #2088 ---
[quote=ClearTrade;2661768]Hi Guys

I'm really thinking about going fulltime with trading forex even though I only have less than 1 year experience

---------

Hi ClearTrade,

Trading full time in the future is my personal goal too. At the moment, I'm still learning the markets and getting a feel of it.  I've got this advice from a friend/ trading mentor to share....Hope you find it useful as well.

Satini

-------------------------------------------------------------------
How to become a full time trader, slowly

Many people wonder how you start out as a full time trader.  There are probably many ways, but here is a way that helps you not sabotage yourself and stay realistic. I have to assume that you are already working, or at least have money to trade.

1.         Before trading full time, you need at least a years worth of income. That means all monthly bills, plus a nest egg in savings, or other liquid instruments. Lets say it is $100,000.

2.         If you are working, that income can pay the bills. Do not depend on trading to do that yet.

3.         After you learn a trading system, build your account using leverage. Open your account with the necessary money needed to trade one mini, or one standard. Let's say it is $1,000 in a mini account.

4.         As you get better and gain skill, you will begin making money. When you have made $1,000, begin trading two lots.  Do not remove any money from your account.  When you make $1,000 more, add another lot. Continue doing this, until you have $100,000 in your account, or whatever your yearly income is.

5.         It's not time to quit your job yet.  If you need $100,000 a year for bills, you need $2,000 a week, assuming a 50 week work year.

6.         Now you need to see if you can do that.   To do that, first, treat trading like a business. Go to work, shut the door, and trade, for the allotted amount of time, during the day. Focus only on trading the rules. Do not make it a goal to make $2,000 a week. If you focus on the money you will make mistakes. Some weeks you will make $4,000, and some weeks only may make $500. It's the average that matters.  Take what the market gives you daily. You can't force it.  If you are in a trade and have made your $2,000 and just exit, you have not traded the rules correctly. That trade could have gone on and made you $8,000.

7.         Now, after six months or so you have consistently made your goal, then consider trading full time.  Keep in mind that your expenses will increase.  Insurance, no IRA, taxes.  Your broker submits a 1099 to the IRS every January.  A CPA can tell you more about how to structure yourself correctly. Just withdraw the $2,000 per month or more for savings or a Roth IRA.  Keep at least $100,000 in your account so you never feel like you are losing money, and start worrying.

8.         The rest of the stuff, like advantages and disadvantages of self-employment, dealing with isolation, etc, you will just need to figure that out on your own. It is individual for everyone.

--- 帖子 #2089 ---
Kino,

Both are doing the right thing, however I notice the T3MA version to allow MT4 to react faster. I checked this on two different laptops with about same CPU clockrate. Attaching and detaching the T3MA version to a chart takes less time than doing this with the ribbon version.

Another way of verifying differences in faster MT4 performance can be done by scrolling the chart left <> right. When you do this especially when brokers datatransfer is high you will notice these differences. B.T.W. Datatransfer is high f.i. at the moments of news realeases....

You can also check visually Datatransfer decrease <> increase by installing DUMeter or some software equal to that.

The indicator really does a fantastic filtering job, i.e. if only you look at yesterdays periods of time where this indicator was either green or red and you add up all the pips that could have been made on the High Prob Trades possibilities alone during these red and green zones...... it's more than 200 pips only on EURUSD !!!!

Believe me there are plenty of traders that are very happy if they would be able to make that number of pips in the course of a whole week !!

Brian, if you read this..... all credits to you for this great idea for an indicator that works!

Kino..... All credits to you for transforming this idea into reality and developing another great indicator!!

Next week I am going to check the settings and see if I can find any optimization for those, because your new indicator may even show other or better possibilities.

B.T.W. Are you willing to post the mq4 versions of those indicators? That would be very much appreciated.

Thanks for the Challenge and have a nice weekend,

John

--- 帖子 #2090 ---
[quote=Pipster007;2661992]
Thanks Pipster007

I would be a fool not to take that advice, I will choose to be wise and patient.

Nice setup possibly happening with EURUSD.

Opps!  Nothing's happening, had hoped for a breakout but no trade is better than a losing trade.

--- 帖子 #2091 ---
Hi John...

Just curious...  I notice an error on FXprime V2 Final-JE when I click "experts" at the bottom of MT4, next to mailbox.

It stated "FXprime V2 Final-JE: Error : EndEMAShift >=StartEMAShift "

What does it mean ? Is it an error on FXprime V2 Final-JE ?

Juts out of curiosity ...

Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #2092 ---
There is also another way on how you can see that the indicator does not take up so much memory and CPU rate. In the expert folder of the MT4 trader, is a folder called Logs. I noticed that the log right at the start accumulated to over 120MB in the beginning. At one point it was so bad that it took over 14GB of space.

In a regular session, it should not accumulate more than few kb's. But like John said, this one reacts faster and does not cloak up the CPU so much.

One more thing, from my point of view, Kino, you are a great programmer and if I should be near France in the next couple weeks, the beers are on me.

Thanks Buddy.

D.

--- 帖子 #2093 ---
thanks Dirk ;

i'm made a modification on kino cci rsi V6 for those of you who want put limit CCI high (67) and low (-67)  or other value

and on the bottom indy to see close versus EMA(21 or else) on 2 diff TFrames (it was a demand of Soeasy but some of you will use it)

kino

--- 帖子 #2094 ---
in preparation this one :

distance between ribbons but only when R1 is between R5 & R15

distance to the top in green , and to the bottom red

kino

--- 帖子 #2095 ---
Awesome work being done Kino.. exciting. thank you for your other two indicators posted btw. Great!

I am really enjoying using this indicator with my fx50 setup

much better than the regular stoch history or bb stoch, etc

this indicator is working great for me.. does anyone

have the mq4 for this OR a even more recent version

of this indicator?

BTW.. for my signal of entry with the fx 50 system

I have, I only enter if this indicator, at the exact

same time is crossing the 0 line in the same direction

as my trade.

BTW I use the default settings, they are perfect for

tf1 in my opinion.

Brian

PS: Aha found it!  Nevermind..thanks!

--- 帖子 #2096 ---
Can someone add an optional pop up alert when there is a 0 line

cross on this really cool bollinger squeeze indicator AND

add arrows ON the indicator itself. So when the histogram

goes from above 0 for example to under 0, we could have

a pop up alert telling of the cross, but even if that is off

a red down arrow would appear on the indicator at the time of

the cross, painted at the close of the candle the cross occurs.

Love to have arrows on it like the cci rsi indicator from Kino

and optional pop up alerts for the crosses.  I would leave

the arrows on for quick verification for sure.

Thanks to all.. hoping someone is able.

Brian

--- 帖子 #2097 ---
because 8 buffers are already used to do that indicator , we cannot add 2 more buffers (maximum buffers number is 8) for the 2 arrows you want ;

sorry , but alerts pop up are possible !

kino

--- 帖子 #2098 ---
Would have to have a new indicator created then, that reads this one and posts the arrows on the price chart.. could do that  Ok thanks

Brian

--- 帖子 #2099 ---
When adding the RD-Pivotline indicator to the chart is it necessary to make any setting adjustments to the LocalTime Zone and DestTime Zone values? I use Alpari US as my broker. Thank you

--- 帖子 #2100 ---
Hi guys, just like to thank everyone for their contributions here. I'm a noobie here and I've been reading the pdf and reread from page 100 to here.  IMO, this system is not an eyecandy for starters (I've been a GMMA user btw (: ) but studying all the point and trying to put all the rules together, you'll be well rewarded!

--- 帖子 #2101 ---
I have to admit I'm really bad in differentiating the colors for TF1,5,15 and 30. (A little color blind i guess?) Hence, I changed the colors from

TF 1    - Darkest - Red

TF 5    - Darker  - Blue

TF 15  - Light      - Yellow

TF30   - Lightest  - Purple

As u can see the color is taken from the rainbow indicator, having red as shorter TF and Purple as higher TF.

I'll like to ask, are the lines of the ribbons which used to be gray, blue and maroon important? I've ignore them and have it the same color as the fill. Will I miss out any important indication through this?

--- 帖子 #2102 ---
Kino,

Can you solve the logfile problem? When attached to a single chart the indicator creates/adds  to a logfile under experts/logs of about a Gigabyte every 2 hours !!!!! All the time adding this line:

2009.04.14 08:35:19 #kino_close_above_ribbons_modified EURUSD,M1: a 0b 00

Furthermore we are still waiting for the mq4 versions as you promised..... to do some personal adjustments to colours, etc,....

Looking forward to your reply,

John

--- 帖子 #2103 ---
As I understand this.... it wil display the Pipdistance graphical? Any chance of doing this numeric as well?

John

--- 帖子 #2104 ---
As long as it's not a divide by zero message and it is not filling up the log files....... it's not a problem and probably this message only occurs once because we use this indicator in the fastest setting possible. Actually this setting overrules EMA slowing down influence. If you would change the EMA setting... it most likely will stop this message. Anyway the indicator works fine and doesn't show repainting or refreshing issues with this setting.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #2105 ---
It is filling up the log files..... and slow down my system.... After a while.. I have to delete log files....to make it back to normal...

Just underneath....next to mailbox... try to click "experts" and click ur template once...you'll see what I mean...

Thanks a lot John..

--- 帖子 #2106 ---
LS,

It's nice to see colouring the TFZones, when it helps you identifying the different Zones easier this way.

No there is not a very special reason why I gave the ribbons a different colour. The only thing is the coloured ribbons do visually immediately identify the slower T3MA of a TFZone, where price most of the time enters a TFZone and also leaves a TFZone. But this is not true all the time.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #2107 ---
Hi Kino,

This example chart looks great Kino!

Good to see you have found time to work on this strategy. You're such a good coder, we owe you so much..... many many thanks!!

I would like to give some remarks.

1) In my opinion R1 is to slow for identifying good scalping trade setups. So my suggestion is to use RTick or Price. I think RTick is the best solution. John, what is your thought?

2) The upper and the lower Ribbon on which distance should be calculated can be R5 or R15, just depending on which Ribbons are neighbours. John, what is your thought? R1?

3) As JE allready brought to attention, it would be nice if you could add a numerical display of the distances, I think on the right side of the indicator window. So you could read it if the chart is shifted by the chart shift button. I have made a note on the chart example.

4) I am asking myself if this indicator can replace the close above ribbons indicator. The best trade setups when price is <> all ribbons is if RTick did go under or above the other Ribbons. In these cases your indi which is in preperation would give:

- solely blue bars if RTick is above all ribbons (indi value>zero)

- solely red bars (indi value< zero, if RTick is below all ribbons)

- blue AND simultaneously red bars if RTick is between the Ribbons, only draw these bars if there is enough pipdistance to one of the ribbons. The distance should be calculated to the nearest flanks

- no signal bars if RTick is inside any of the other ribbons, and if price is between the ribbons while pipdistance is too small.

5) Using Rtick instead of Price above/under Ribbons .....gives the advantage that the indicator gives cleaner signals and later on .... cleaner/less sound and text alerts.........Too many alerts isn't fine......Otherwise a time delay should be added which adjust that the indicator shouldn't give a new signal within x minutes after the last signal (in the same direction).

6) Using Rtick instead of Price above/under Ribbons .....gives the disadvantage that signals will come later on, so you have less time to make your homework for trade entry.

The chartexample which I attached is just a hand drawn trial. It's not really okay. Kino or John, If you need a better/clearer one, just ask.

--- 帖子 #2108 ---
Checked it by restarting MT4 and opening logfile in Notepad.

So far it's only one line:

2009.04.14 09:42:26 FXprime_V2 Final EURUSD,M1: Error: EndEMAShift >= StartEMAShift

In the meantime I have detached Kino's above/below all ribbons indicator and will check the logfile lateron once more to see if new lines are being added.

I have waited for 5 minutes now ..... and no new lines with regard to FXprime_V2 Final EURUSD,M1: Error: EndEMAShift >= StartEMAShift have been added to the logfile.

Another check on opening several other charts also only show one line being added to the logfile with me.

Therefore I don't have the problem of slowing down MT4 or anything caused by FXprime_V2 Final-JE.

Sorry, can't help you,

John

--- 帖子 #2109 ---
Hi all,

last Friday I have been studying the basics on Ribbons again.

I have deleted everything on my charts and attached only one TF Ribbon at a time. I looked very closely to price in relation to this ribbon.

What I found is what I allready experienced in trading this setup........ Every TF Ribbon is very very prompt rendering what traders are deciding according to buying and selling.

I found for instance the TF5 Ribbon giving a better view on TF5 traders then ...SMA200 on a M1 chart, the MA which is used by many traders among myself.

Just wanted to let you know, maybe it's a little support for those of you who are just starting here...

--- 帖子 #2110 ---
Hi John....

Nothing's changed or added .... ur very own template..

Take a look at the error at the bottom...

--- 帖子 #2111 ---
Yes I have just noticed same - any answers regarding this?

Also seen mention of "RTick" could someone take time to explain this?

Many thanks great system.

R

--- 帖子 #2112 ---
RTick = Tick Ribbon = the ribbon which follows price most closely

--- 帖子 #2113 ---
What I can see here is..... this is just happening once during initialization of both FXPrime's...... f.i. at startup of MT4.....

See my previous post concerning this issue...... It's only a problem when it contineously adds new same lines and doesn't stop doing that....

So f.i. if more than a 1000 times the same line is being added to the logfile in the course of 1 minute or something like that.......

Please show me part of your logfile where it shows such is the case..... or upload your logfile as a txt-file..... of course only if new lines are contineously being added.

John

--- 帖子 #2114 ---
Hi LSs,

sorry for rudely quoting your post

I saw your question on your chart. here is my answer.

The 3 TF ribbons are coming together from different directions and all traders have to decide what they think price will go to do. Some were long and some others were short. So it can take some time before the decision for the next direction is taken, and it could also go to a sideways market for a while.

On the first point you marked TF1 is going up and price is going down, with a gap between these two.

At your second mark, TF1 is much better situated. Better in relation to price and better in relation to higher TF ribbons. Here it is more likely that price will going to fall.

Overall, in case of a reversal it is better if TF1 is falling out of the bigger TF zones and TickRibbon makes a pullback to TF1 zone.

I noticed this is a chart from februari. You're really doing a huge backtest!

--- 帖子 #2115 ---
I have to say.....it's nice

(I guess you can see the trade....)

--- 帖子 #2116 ---
Hi John,

Did you have a special reason why you didn't add the +/-67 levels on CCI in the latest template v3.12?

Thanks again John for your never ending support and development

Cheers, Jazz

--- 帖子 #2117 ---
Just happening.....

--- 帖子 #2118 ---
No other explanation.... I simply forgot. See if I can still fix it and re-upload again.

John

--- 帖子 #2119 ---
Can anyone please help me, how can i learn to use this stratetegy in full details and examples?

Thank you so much

--- 帖子 #2120 ---
please paint the CCI levels-67 in white....

--- 帖子 #2121 ---
Hi okranoblues,

Goto post #2043 for a pdf on the ribbons. This pdf contains everything you need to understand on this strategy.

The indicators and templates are in this thread from page 100 and further.

When John Edwards and FXtrading24 will find time, they will update post #1.

Good luck with reading and learning!

--- 帖子 #2122 ---
My friend i can't open the file it says it has problem can yhou update it please and where can i get the indicator or template?

Thank you so much..

--- 帖子 #2123 ---
Jazz,

For this template I have been using your background colour, therefore the levels on the CCI must have a dark colour..... otherwise it's hardly visible.

Here's the revised template with +67 and -67 levels on the CCI,

John

--- 帖子 #2124 ---
you have to search for the templates and indicators yourself from page 100 and further, sorry.

They haven't been posted together yet. we have to work on that...

here is the pdf again.

EDIT:

well, here it is....I hope...

When I find some time I will upload indicators and templates in one post. have to go now, sorry

--- 帖子 #2125 ---
It wasn't rude at all! Thank you Jazz for commenting on the pic. Seriously, there're many great active contributors to this thread. I see the potential in this system especially since JE great idea (starting from post #100)

And I'm already dedicating myself backtesting, forward testing. simulating, repeating this system properly. I even see charts when i'm tying my shoe lace !

--- 帖子 #2126 ---
thanks you very much to all of members of this thread (an other threads too, those that are using my indics , on threads and on forums i had never went ! i'm well known in forex forums it seems !)

i really appreciate all your comments about my coding , i'll come back later (few days), perhaps with new ideas , but now i'm tired of all of this !

each time i make an indy , someone asks me something else to add , some night i'm dreaming of coding lol ; so i want make a break for a few days

bye all

kino

--- 帖子 #2127 ---
Hi Kino,

sad to hear this from you. I really can understand what you're saying and I feel a little bit responsible for your wellbeing,
although I have been posting twice that we should deliberate the demands on the indi's. I think the only way somebody should do a complex job like yours:

1. appoint the people who are into the 'project'

2. determine punctual all conditions

3. only after point 2.: start the coding

4. testing

5. adjust

Maybe I should not have interfered on the indicator project, don't know...

Really sorry to hear this from you Kino.

All the best wishes to you, relax and enjoy the good weather!!

Cheers, Jazz

--- 帖子 #2128 ---
Hi LSs,

on my chart it's not eaxactly the same situation as on yours, but I would like to show you the situation on my favorite index.

--- 帖子 #2129 ---
Hello Jazz1964, May I ask what broker you are using that has currency futures and MT4? Does your broker also have data for other future contracts? Can you trade the dow and s&p mini's? I find it quite helpful to know what the dow is doing when trading EURUSD because of the correlation. But I currently have to do this with separate brokers and I am running out of screens.

Thank you! Art

--- 帖子 #2130 ---
Hi Art,

I am on Broco. They have many contracts, like ES, ER2, NQ etc..

--- 帖子 #2131 ---
Here are the template and the indicators which you need for the latest version.

Attention: you should place the PriceSeries.mqh file in your metatrader\experts\include folder.

In post#2131 you can find a pdf file with explanation on basics and with many charts examples.

Remember the pdf starts with the first version of Ribon Template. The Template attached in this post is a bit different regarding to underneath attached indicators , although the Ribbons are almost the same.

All history on templates and indicators can be found on pages 100 and later.

The #Kino_close_above_ribbons indicator is in development right now. So please don't ask about this indicator and its usage (it's in the thread already).

--- 帖子 #2132 ---
Thank you buddy u do apreciated it.

--- 帖子 #2133 ---
HI Guys,

Can you please post your template with the different colors as having trouble changing mine - its looks like a battlefield.  Thankyou for all the help you are giving us newbies it is greatly appreciated.  Enjoy your week.

FB.

--- 帖子 #2134 ---
Hello John and all...really like the thread..and want to thank you much for the hard work.....this is my first post, I am not a newby trader though. Listen

I love the visual of these ribbons but it is slowing down my computer to a standstill sometimes. I've got my charts set in the "options" max bars in history to 5000 but it still is very very slow.

Does anyone have an idea so that I can use this John Edwards template with all the ribbons...

thanks again

eegle

--- 帖子 #2135 ---
Forexbunny, here is my template.

Again,

TF 1  - Red

TF 5  - Yellow

TF 15 - Blue

TF 30 - Purple

Indicators not in my template (compared to v3.12)

- JE Bar Trend

- MA Candles

- ZigZag Pointer

- Kino close/above ribbons

Please add these indicators to your preference, as my computer is having trouble coping with it. Haha..

LSs

--- 帖子 #2136 ---
Very nice Jazz! Once again, you showed how important the ribbons as support and resistance.

Thank you !

LSs

--- 帖子 #2137 ---
Here is a question I had during backtesting :

3rd Feb 2009 (GBPUSD)

Price have been breaking out of ribbons earlier. Ignore the reversal entry as I felt it is too aggressive. Price and TF1 (red) entered the widening TF5 (yellow). Then we see price continue the uptrend, failing to pass through TF5.

Question is, does the widening but rising TF5 indicates the price may be going up? Even the TF15 (blue) is rising.

In the pdf by Jazz, page 17 is an example where price manage to break through TF5. Does the clear triangle shape increases the probability of price passing through?

Please correct me. (if you could also pinpoint whether there is any point where a Long reentry is possible in the chart, that would be great (: )

LSs.

--- 帖子 #2138 ---
Hi LSs,

nice to see you busy with this system!

Rising TF5 and TF15 are indications for a possible continuation of uptrend. The widening TF5 indicates that support is not too strong, so don't take position when price is in this zone. It's not clear what will happen, it's just a game between TF5 traders ....and TF1 traders!

Yes that's true. But the fifference between the pdf chart and yours is the position of TF1 zone. Also CCI divergence indicates less strength on the down movement. Lower FXPrime indicator...missing short signal.

So there are several indications that price could go up again. If you took the short, here is your exit. (I can't see it very sharp, but it looks like pipdistance was good enough for a short entry)

Long entry is drawn in my chart.

Good luck LSs!

--- 帖子 #2139 ---
Hello eegle,

maybe you have to many history bars on the ribbons in your template.

Try to check and if needed: change in MetaEditor the settings of the kino_t3ma ribbon filled indicator

Change the i factor into 2000 or even 1000.

Goto your navigator folder,

rightclick on the indicator,

2nd position: Edit

look for this setting and if it is too big, change this:

for(i=2000; i>=0; i--)

// iCustom( string symbol, int timeframe, string name, ..., int mode, int shift)

don't forget to compile the change you have made by pressing the compile button and wait for message that it is okay.

restart MT4

You can give this a try. Good luck!

--- 帖子 #2140 ---
If you are using any of Kino's Close_above_ribbons indicators..... Detach all of them, because all those indicators are in need of a modification with regard to filling up the logfile under MT4/experts dramatically..... ultimately slowing down your computer to standstill when all space one your harddrive has been consumed.

To get rid of this problem:

1. Detach those indicators from all charts

2. Close down MT4.

3. Next open MT4/experts/logs and delete all the logfiles you see there. (B.T.W. Could be Gigabyte files !!!!)

4. Restart MT4 and check the experts Tab on the MT4 Terminal window if you still see any continues repeating messages.....  which shouldn't be the case now.

5. Have patience and wait for Kino's upgraded version.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #2141 ---
Thanks Jazz

That was driving me crazy also, your solution worked like a champion.

--- 帖子 #2142 ---
it's all about support and resistance

--- 帖子 #2143 ---
What do you think, what happened after I posted the chart of my index?

Price was for the 3rd time at the same price level.

Went it up again?

Sideways?

Down?

And what is your argumentation for your answer?

you have got 10 minutes, after that I have to go.....

--- 帖子 #2144 ---
When I see the chart, I can see clearly the price bounces around support and resistance area on the ribbon, but I doubt I could identify entries at those area. Maybe I haven't develop an eye for them.   Would you take any scalping entries on, Jazz?  Okay, my guess.... if price goes down further, I might wait for the TF15(blue) to twist, and see if price get resisted again. I guess there is where a Short comes in if all indicators agree?

--- 帖子 #2145 ---
Hey guys,

I think I fixed Kino's ribbon indicator. At least I don't have the problem anymore. I tried it out and it works fine. There are no messages coming anymore.

Enjoy.

D.

--- 帖子 #2146 ---
LSs!

wait for breakdown, pullback to TF1 ribbon , look at strength on CCI, FX Primes, KijunTenkan right position.

Anyway, it broke down.....for a while..... no nice conditions anymore for an entry short

--- 帖子 #2147 ---
Hi Dirk! that would be great! We will hear from users if it is okay now.

--- 帖子 #2148 ---
I think the hardest part sometimes is to watch and let price run away for a while, waiting for a retracement and enter.

Anyway, here is a chart I have during backtest. You can see here TF30 acting similar to LRC ( price bounces around).

The lowest probability entry I see is the 2nd trade in the middle. Triangle break did boost the price to move down, but CCI was lagging a little for signal.

--- 帖子 #2149 ---
Here is a chart pattern similar to Jazz post.

Anyway, IMHO, a scalper minded trader might take the trade of the breakout with small profits in mind. (This breakout here has potential 40-50pips). A intraday minded would wait for a retracement. Am I right?

--- 帖子 #2150 ---
Dirk,

I think I know what you have done. I'll check your version of Kino's indicator and see how it does on the charts. Thanks for this contribution.

For all the time we have been working with this great indicator so far.... I have noticed that it has another issue which I'd like to be solved and has to do with the refreshing/repainting of the indicator.

Does your knowledge of mq4 give you the possibility to fix that issue as well? Would be very much appreciated.

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #2151 ---
LSs,

First of all.... Thank you very much for posting these examples.... for there simply is no better way of teaching yourself trading..... than by posting your trade examples... whether you succeeded or not at that moment doesn't matter. Next time you always do (a little) better !!!! Ultimately this adds up to become a very succesful trader. THX !!!

TF30Zone is at times the widest of them all.... Therefore it offers possibilities to trade inside its bounderies. Where it says on your chart: "Would anyone take this trade?".... it's obvious you are to late to enter.

It's not my favorite one..... You could however have entered a long right at the bottom TF30Zone ribbon where price rises up from TF1Zone. Why? There has been a bounce to Yellow TF5Zone...... so it is now very likely that inside TF30Zone next time price will break through TF5Zone..... as indeed it does here !!

My favorite entry however would be right at the end of this chart.... where price is thrown up from Flipper's nose.... (as if this dolphin is throwing a ball into the air)..... recognize this pattern? Watch it... How strong the first candle is at this nose point when price jumps higher.... You see this funny little Flipper Nose Pattern over and over again with TFZones........ and where it appears it's most of the time quite good for entries. B.T.W Pipdistance towards your Blue TFZone is about 35 pips. So this is a nice scalp.

Also good to check what CCI is doing: It's green and nicely crossing above SMA..... Also both FXPrime's are green..... This is an entry by the book !!

Could you post a chart.... how it went from there?

Hope this helps, John

--- 帖子 #2152 ---
JE,

I enjoy your posts on pattern recognition and I think that's a skill acquired only through experience and screen time (:

Here's what happen next. We anticipate a retracement right? I have a question, at the 'thumbs down' marked at the chart, TF5 supported price a little and touched TF30 ribbon. It would be a 14pips scalp. Is it even considered a retracement?

Anyway, would like to hear your comments (:

Thank you very much. Very helpful indeed.

LSs

--- 帖子 #2153 ---
LSs,

The longer you work with TFZones the easier it gets.... for you will develop an eye for the entries (plus exits). Actually you can see this short developing for a while.

Where it says: "TF30 seem to resist again" in fact price is bouncing back on heavy resistance of both upper ribbon of TF30Zone (magenta) and lower ribbon of TF15 (blue-ish), i.e. the gray zone in between those ribbons shows a triangle narrowing resistance area. At the crossing halfway this chart.... you have to picture a new triangle of resistance forming between those ribbons,..... you now can only see the blue-ish ribbon. The yellow TF5Zone draws the other line on the bottom...... and there is your MultiTimeFrame Triangle where ultimately price is either going to break out to the upside or to the downside.

So let's sum it up: What you see develop here is a dynamic drawn Triangle influenced by all the necessary TF's to make your decision on.....

The stronger resistance is above price. Therefore you already know one thing for sure... Price will come down.

What you don't know yet is where exactly will this happen? This information is provided by the Yellow TF5Zone widening up and simultaneously crossing below the Magenta Zone. Next you see to trials to breakout to the downside.... the last one succeeds: First Price falls through the opening up Red TF1Zone and immediately now price falls down through the opening up Yellow TF5Zone as well. Exactly there you take your short entry..... for all resistance underneath now has been broken.

Cheers, John

--- 帖子 #2154 ---
Hi everyone

I am new here.

Thank you very much for the system and indicators.

--- 帖子 #2155 ---
I'll see what I can do.

Did the other one repaint, the one that fills up the "Logs" file?

I have not payed much attention to that one.

D.

--- 帖子 #2156 ---
I know this have nothing to do with our strategy but I thought that it was interesting.

"Quote from IBFX"

Dear Customers:

Interbank FX, along with all FCM's, has received information from the NFA that we                                 wanted to pass along to our customers. All registered FCM's have received a new                                 Compliance Rule 2-43 regarding forex trading. On May 15, 2009, forex customers will                                 no longer be allowed open "hedged" positions in their accounts. Please see an excerpt                                 from the new NFA rule below. If you are currently using Hedging as a trading strategy,                                 we would encourage you to use the Interbank FX Demo accounts over the next month                                 to help modify your trading strategy. Also, for those of you who utilize hedging                                 strategy with your "Expert Advisors", we would encourage you modify your code and                                 test your advisor on the Interbank FX Demo servers as well. In order to assure a                                 smooth transition for our customers to the new NFA Compliance Rule, Interbank FX                                 has set May 8, 2009 as the last date that customers will be able to Hedge open positions.

Notice to Members I-09-10
April 13, 2009
Effective Date of NFA Requirements Regarding Forex Orders

NFA has received notice that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has approved                                 new NFA Compliance Rule 2-43 regarding forex orders. The prohibition on carrying                                 offsetting transactions will be effective for any positions established after May                                 15, 2009.

Click                                      here for more information.

"End Quote"

--- 帖子 #2157 ---
Hi Dirk,

All of them have this problem... Your adjusted version as well. You can check the issue by changing the settings to f.i. 12/0.6 and 25/0.6 for all ribbons.

Let this setting run for an hour or so and you'll see what happens when you than right click on the indicator and next click OK. Colours will change....

Thank you for helping us to improve the indicator,

John

--- 帖子 #2158 ---
number of pips between close bar and differents ribbons

on the left corner

R1 R5 & R15 are ribbons of TF1; 5 & 15

kino

--- 帖子 #2159 ---
Hi Kino

Can you please post a mq4 file for your #Kino_CCI_RSI_v6.ex4 ?

TIA

--- 帖子 #2160 ---
I have downloaded this sytem and am watching it ..... for a couple of days now. But I just don't wanna do it on hunch. So can somebody please be kind enough to lead me to the page where specifics, pros and cons of this sytem are detailed .... or just plain describe it yourself.

Would be appreciated.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2161 ---
Hi

I see you are new too.

John Edwards trading..pdf

There is a nice attachments listing icon on top right of every page.

Click it and hide images and you will see a great wealth of uploaded things

--- 帖子 #2162 ---
Great insight John! Now that's a new way to look at triangle (:

There are still many things I need to learn with TF zones.

Thank you JE.

LSs

--- 帖子 #2163 ---
I've been looking at this pattern which usually occur to TF15 or TF30. It is very narrow and I feel hard to judge them. At times it can support, at times price passes through these narrow ribbons.

Is this a signal of possible indecision traders and perhaps ranging?

LSs

--- 帖子 #2164 ---
Hi Guys,

Can anybody advice me how to change the settings of the RD-Pivotlines, #Spudfibo  and SDX-TzPivots2b to calculate and display the levels from midnight-to-midnight EST?

Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #2165 ---
Here is a chart as a follow up to JE post. IMHO, I think the triangle drawn in the chart is quite similar to what JE has commented. It played its part by allowing price to pass through.

Just my opinion (:

LSs

--- 帖子 #2166 ---
Good observation. Here there are two possible entries for Long:

1. Right at the bottom of the TF30Zone (Magenta) at the second Blue Dot around 10:15 hrs.... exactly above TF1Zone.

Price stops at narrowing TF15Zone (Blue). Next Price retraces nicely back towards the combo support of TF1Zone and TF30Zone traders.... than again price wants to go up again and now breaks through the TF15Zone

2. The second entry is what I call a Gateway Passage. (BTW Other examples of Gataway passages are in the pdf-file compiled by Jazz1964). Exactly at the red line you have drawn here at 11:17 hrs price passes the crossing of TF15Zone ribbons right in the middle. (= Gateway)

BTW. I am beginning to like your charts more and more. Working with them is easy and quite visual. Thanks for this contribution to the thread.

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #2167 ---
Hi Kino,

Your never ending streaming support of indicators here is welcomed as always. Thanks for this contribution...... Absolutely something to have a thorough look at during the weekend.

BTW I tried to get in touch by PM..... Didn't work for some reason. Could you PM me?

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #2168 ---
Hi Kino,

Terrific indicator! It gives in one glance the precise situation. Sometimes, depending on the scale of the chart, it isn't very clear how many pips the distance is to the next ribbon, due to bias.

Thank you!!

--- 帖子 #2169 ---
i have made simple this time , but as you can see the ribbons TF1 & others twisted and; for example the edge sup of TF1 can be below or above , so it would be not easy (not impossible) to calculate distances from Close Bar , if some of you want also distances to TF30 i can add this , but i don't know the settings for TF30 ribbon !

and for those of you that don't understand why i'm not all the time "disponible" i have my own work !

9:00 - 13:00 & 14:00 - 20:00 every day except Sunday & Monday morning !

all i do here , it's only for help you and it's a challenge(for me) , as i tell you , i don't even have a live account ! perhaps later ,lol

sometimes i have time , sometimes no !

i'm a self made coder , i have been learning coding on mql , since 2 years  , you can learn too !
BUT , don't be sad , i am still here and i'll do my best to help you ,the best i can !

kino

--- 帖子 #2170 ---
Thanks for informing us. Do you know by any chance if this is going to be true for Stockmarkets as well?.

Anyway, I think this may result in higher volatility once again.... f.i. another increase in daily High-Low range. Because the institutions and other big players will have to take another approach to their portfolio's and now will have to react sooner. Could become a better market for for small traders though.

On the other hand this makes sense why Alapari, IBFX and others all of a sudden are changing their commission policies into 5 digits "robbery". Five digits gives more space I guess to switch to Floating Pips commissions than with 4 digits and Fixed?

Maybe we ultimately all have to switch over to brokers that remain true to their original functioning..... being brokers taking a fair fixed commission, instead of becoming hunters using a wide variety of Pip-hunting commission strategies.

It would be a good thing if the NFA would finally declare rules for this in the interest of individual traders, because without clear regulations this is going to end in some cases in ordinary theft.....

Just my thoughts, John

--- 帖子 #2171 ---
Hi People,

Please goto post#1 for the new full collour v3.12 template based on LSs's version.

Thanks again LSs!

--- 帖子 #2172 ---
Agree 100% and that is why I posted it in this thread because I feel that it is important to know that it will affect the volatility and range next month especially when all this is implemented.  So be very careful of pip hunting and how you place your stop losses, if you can it might be best to get a trade manager that hides the stop loss from brokers.

I'm not sure if the rule applies to Stocks, I haven't paid too much attention there since I've been learning Forex.

--- 帖子 #2173 ---
Hi,

is there anybody can help the how do i insert the 2nd and 3rd ribbions.

Thanks,

Rad

--- 帖子 #2174 ---
Just download one of templates with all required indicators, place all files in right MT4 folders and choose that template by right clicking on the chart.

If you do it, you will have all ribbons already set up on your chart.

--- 帖子 #2175 ---
Hi Pipster,

Did you try this? It' s in the code.

"   LocalTimeZone: TimeZone for which MT4 shows your local time,

e.g. 1 or 2 for Europe (GMT+1 or GMT+2 (daylight

savings time).  Use zero for no adjustment.

DestTimeZone:  TimeZone for the session from which to calculate

the levels (e.g. 1 or 2 for the European session

(without or with daylight savings time).

Use zero for GMT

Example: If your MT server is living in the EST (Eastern Standard Time,

GMT-5) zone and want to calculate the levels for the London trading

session (European time in summer GMT+1), then enter -5 for

LocalTimeZone, 1 for Dest TimeZone.

Please understand that the LocalTimeZone setting depends on the

time on your MetaTrader charts (for example the demo server

from MetaQuotes always lives in CDT (+2) or CET (+1), no matter

what the clock on your wall says.

If in doubt, leave everything to zero. "

--- 帖子 #2176 ---
Hey guys!

Can anyone tell me how to use KijunTenkan?

I cant catch a point of this indicator...

--- 帖子 #2177 ---
Kijun and Tenkan lines are both a kind of moving averages with different settings. We only use one of these lines, The Kijun (29).

The way we use it is for tradeguidance, we look how price is situated to the line. If price is above the line, we don't like entry shorts at that moment and vice versa.

You can also use the Kijun for guiding your exit.

Read the posts on page 135, it is described there.

Or search the pdf file on the word 'KijunTenkan'....

Got it?

--- 帖子 #2178 ---
here attached !

version mq4

just have added possibility of level choosen , zéro, 67 , 100 etc...

kino

--- 帖子 #2179 ---
Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #2180 ---
Thanks for adding these features!

Brian

--- 帖子 #2181 ---
Thanks Jazz. Will try it out later. Have a good trading week ahead.

regards

--- 帖子 #2182 ---
I had tried traded live with another system before (after almost a year of backtesting, forward testing, fixing my psychology and money management) but I was whipsawed. The next day, I tried again and got whipsawed again. Again, this is NOT with this system.

With those two days, I'm back to the drawing board till now. However, they still haunt me and the dates were 17/2/09 and 18/2/09, GBPUSD. Now, I'm back to tackle what went wrong and how this system could filter out bad entries on ranging day....  I really appreciate all the comments you guys can give me.

The 1st chart... perhaps there's nothing wrong with the entries? Just SL is too near?

The 2nd chart... I'm pretty rusty in trading between ribbons. Perhaps there's no good probability trade here?'

3rd chart... There is a long scalping opportunity but how would you judge this trade? There is a false short at the end of the chart, which is quite similar to an example in the pdf (the part where JE introduces the V-shape with two arms)

Comments would really help (:

Thank you!

LSs

--- 帖子 #2183 ---
Hi LSs,

I have to smile, seeing back your februari charts again! I think you're quiet a guy like me....learny, (self-)critical, systematic, careful, go

3 nice charts and I will give you a reply.

The first chart: nice short entry possibilities. I like the second vertical line (one bar before) because TF1 is under TF5. Also new CCi strength there and red dot together with price/Kijun are very nice.

Indeed, you shouldn't have been stopped out! Nothing dangerous, good behaviour of price in relation to TF5 ribbon, no new highs.

Second chart: This would not have been my entry long. Some bars later is a better one, because of important fib line left behind here and nice bounce on ribbons. But: I would be very attentive and take profit under the daily high line. Why? Because

1) price did move very agressive allready and will take a brake/retrace

2) momentum is decreasing in CCI

3) TF5 have to come to the upside. price is a bit to far from this ribbon. It's likely price have to go back to this ribbon.

So I think there is not enough momentum to make a high above previous day high at this time.

At the end of your second chart......TF5 ribbon is very wide.....CCI is not strong......possible that price tries to hit daily high line, bur I doubt it.

Chart 3: here you can see the momentum is not okay for a long. TF1 ribbon and tf5 ribbon and Kijun line never match strong, CCI and FXPrime indi.....it's a mess. It doesn't look good to me.

Also the short: give me one wave extra....but that doens't come.

I think you choose a difficult day LSs.

chart 1 was nicce for a short.

charts 2 and 3 got much sideways moving ribbons. The beautiful upmove in chart 2 was a bit difficult to take, because pipdistance.... Not a very high prob.... but could have tried...

I think next day gives you nice high prob trades....is that correct?

--- 帖子 #2184 ---
Jazz,

You must have grown into this system to develop such observations. Indeed the next day had some high probability trade, but it was rather ranging as well. Other than these 2 entries i can see... the rest was just whipsawing.

BTW, you mentioned "FXprime was a mess.... " Is this because there was too many small gaps in between?

I still have to polish myself with this system in order not to enter a trade too late. ( result of being too careful sometimes? (: )

Thank you very much Jazz!

LSs

--- 帖子 #2185 ---
what I meant is in the chart below, it was not about the stand-alone FXPrimes.

--- 帖子 #2186 ---
The first one i wasn't afraid of TF30

The second trade still in.

--- 帖子 #2187 ---
can somebody tell me the right settings for all ribbons from TF1 to TF30

TF1

extern int       MA1Period=36;

extern double    factor1=0.59;

extern int       MA2Period =54;

extern double    factor2=0.62;

TF5

extern int       MA3Period=36;

extern double    factor3=0.59;

extern int       MA4Period =54;

extern double    factor4=0.62;

TF15

extern int       MA5Period=36;

extern double    factor5=0.62;

extern int       MA6Period =54;

extern double    factor6=0.67;

TF30

extern int       MA7Period =36;

extern double    factor7=0.62;

extern int       MA8Period =54;

extern double    factor8=0.67;

kino

--- 帖子 #2188 ---
Hi Kino!

What are you working on...?

In v3.12 Full Colour it is:

Tick Ribbon

extern int       MA1Period=7;

extern double    factor1=0.59;

extern int       MA2Period =11;

extern double    factor2=0.63;

TF1

extern int       MA1Period=27;

extern double    factor1=0.72;

extern int       MA2Period =36;

extern double    factor2=0.54;

TF5

extern int       MA3Period=180;

extern double    factor3=0.59;

extern int       MA4Period =270;

extern double    factor4=0.67;

TF15

extern int       MA5Period=540;

extern double    factor5=0.59;

extern int       MA6Period =810;

extern double    factor6=0.63;

TF30

extern int       MA7Period =1080;

extern double    factor7=0.59;

extern int       MA8Period =1620;

extern double    factor8=0.63;

I guess you don't need to have those settings just for fun....

Succes Kino

--- 帖子 #2189 ---
you're right but it is just a modification with all ribbons
for those of you interesting in coding , take a look at this one it's a very simple code , you can adapt for others thing , rsi , cci adx etc...

kino

--- 帖子 #2190 ---
Hey Jazz,

It's nice to see your charts and entries. The second entry was a nice gateway entry!

Just a curious question on the first entry though. Is it a risk to Short there since there might be a slight chance of it to bounce of the TF? If me, I'll wait for a candle close inside the TF and then short from there. Am I entering too late this way?

(: btw, do you think most people would avoid this system as the first look they have is that it is very complicated? A friend of mine saw my chart and he goes  compared to his simple 'SRDC' method.

--- 帖子 #2191 ---
What are the options to turn on alerts on the braintrend4 indicator?

Just sound alert or is there a pop up and sound telling which pair

possible?

Thanks!

Brian

I looked at the code but most of it is in Russian it appears...well

not English so I did not see the options.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2192 ---
Hey LSs,

Yes I was aware of the TF30 Ribbon, which could give support. But everything was strong pointing down whith power while TF30 was widening (so not too much Support).

Funny you asked this, because at my entry I thought about your own remark today, saying " .....being too careful sometimes? (: )"

I know there are people scanning all threads about trading systems searching for the holy grail which have to make them rich without investing in time and knowledge. I have never been such a trader (and student). And I know some very good traders have looked to the Ribbon system and didn't take the time to find the big benefits of it.....no prob at all.
I found that the ribbons always give you a very good view on what is happening right now. I have had in the past trading systems on my chart from which I thought "yes this is great" but after a while I always thought: okay, my indicators are giving me a signal right now, but I don't have a good feel where we are and if it is okay to trust the signal...... so I didn't take the trade...and didn't take the next one. But with the ribbons in combination with some good indicators I got a good feel about what is happening, where are the risks and where are the better opportunities.

The ribbons sometimes don't let me trade a nice move, saying me it isn't a high prob trade. Yes, sometimes I feel sad about that. But looking at my trade results I am very proud that I have so less bad trades!! I am sure it is the result of knowing when the risk of sideways markets is there, .....and of getting whipsawed. So I actually don't mind to miss some good trades.

At the other hand, it also happens I enter a trade very early after a reversal, because the ribbons tell me it is okay.

When your friend thinks it is complicated, He is most likely looking to a part of the chart where the ribbons are not matching. When he thinks "what is this??" ....well, don't trade at that point, I think it is not a good trading setup! Good opportunities with Ribbos are looking clear! So when it is not clear, it is not good to trade.

In this thread there is enough material gathered to learn the ribbons in a few days. The pdf will help for sure and in post#1 everything is available to setup the chart. Also you know there are people who will give support.

Cheers, Jazz

If you like to see my 2nd trade exit:

--- 帖子 #2193 ---
Hi Kino, I got your indi on my chart. ( want a shortcut on my keybord for text 'thank you').

Maybe it is informative when you add an arrow which indicates if the ribbon is above or below price.

It happens that one can't see the ribbon on the screen and it is nice to see on your indicator that it should be under or above the window.

--- 帖子 #2194 ---
Does anyone have a version of this indy with a real sound alert..pop up alert on signal?  Telling which pair.  Please...anyone?

Its from this thread.. and other fx50 threads too.. looking for the audible alert version!

thanks..  and if anyone can tell me how to turn on alerts on the

braintrendsignal4.

thanks!

To a great trading week for all

Brian

--- 帖子 #2195 ---
That was some nice pips you got, Jazz (:

( I need a 'Thank You' hotkey for you too  )

I've not payed much attention to Kijun until lately when I feel that it showed its importance in front of my eyes. (This chart I change the color of thick ribbon for fun).

The 2nd entry was a better one i think as the Kijun break out of the horizontal TF1(red).

--- 帖子 #2196 ---
Great post LSs!

Wheel, if you are here, LSs's post is for you.

Yesterday I changed the colour of my TickRibbon too. I think it has to be green, because that colour is not in the tpl yet. My last pic was olive green, but that isn't flashing.

Now I have Limegreen for the 1th and the 2nd settings and 40,164,40 for the 3rd and 4th settings.

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #2197 ---
Hehe, seriously, I can't make up my mind for the TickRibbon color. I guess, just adjust it to your mood of the day (:

--- 帖子 #2198 ---
Kino, maybe this way:

R1 to close: 10↑ 35↑

R5 to close; 20↓ 46↑

etcetera

this takes less space

I think we don't need TR in this indicator.

--- 帖子 #2199 ---
Just my thought...

1) The indicator display in the main chart window is not very clear when price is drawn over the indicator.

So I thought it is better if the indi is displayed at the right in the CCi window, so you see it if you shift your chart (as I recomment for viewing the names of fib and pivot lines). You can see that on the attached pic.

2) another way to print the distances is this:
close below R1:       10   35               }
close below R5:       10   35      }   price is below all ribbons!
close below R15:    10   35          }
close below R30:    10   35          }

close above R1:        10   35               }
close above R5:          10   35 }
close above R15:     10  35          }   price is above all ribbons!
close above R30:  10  35          }

close below R1:   10   35             }

close in R5:                     10  35            }
close above R15:     10   35           }   messy situation!
close below R30:     10   35          }

Such an indicator can replace the #Kino_close_above_ribbons indicator.

Close_above indicator is great for visuality of history, so people can attach it also (when the indi is ready)....in that case the indi I describe here could be displayed at the right side of close_above indi.

Later on, you can attach some alerts on it, text pop up, sound.......

what do you think??

--- 帖子 #2200 ---
i think many things about your post ;

1°) i have made a simple indicator of about 20 lignes you want another one with about 150 lignes or more of code !

2°) every time i make a new one ,you want modifications !

but one more time , i'll see if i can agree your demand , but is it really necessary to do this ? if others want this; i'll try to do it !

kino

--- 帖子 #2201 ---
Hi Kino,

I hope you know that I am always very very careful with the things I bring up here according to indicator development. I have proposed to collect and tune the 'demands'. So I only posted my thoughts, which are open for evaluation. I am really not asking you to start coding anything.

I hope you understood that it was not an order.

Also I want to let you know that I can't estimate how much time it will take to change the code.

The fact that I suggest modifications is about two indi's in your whole library. Once more: I think it is important to brainstorm about development before coding an indicator which is targeted for a special system.

I really am very thankful to you for all your gifts, i think you know that.

Cheers, Jazz

--- 帖子 #2202 ---
don't be sorry Jazz , i know that , i'll try if i find time to do it

good trading !

kino

--- 帖子 #2203 ---
thanks Kino!

You were right when you said that we have to know if others would like to have it too.

I think John has to give his opinion on this too.

An indicator like this belongs to the next template.

We also have to think about trading between the ribbons. That's not in this 'demand list'.

Cheers, Jazz

--- 帖子 #2204 ---
Developments on this thread are going very fast..... I do not have any objection to that, however I am more the type of researcher and developer that prefers to go one step at the time.

The keyproblem still is the refreshing issue in Kino's_Close_above_ribbons and the growth of logfiles in the expert folder. This is my main concern before going one step further, because the smaller the different settings the bigger the deviation is away from reality. The new indicator is looking in between the ribbons as well.... so refreshing deviation problems only will increase with this new indicator..... provided it uses the same logic.

The new one will be a fantastic indicator... no argue about that.

However in my opinion we first have to know, if Kino can find himself time to solve the above mentoned issue. I'd rather slow down a bit and Kino please take your time.... otherwise you will find yourself all of sudden involved in producing too many indicators and dozens of wishes and new requests.....

I agree it's a good idea to introduce the new indicator with a newer template as well..... would be nice for old and new visitors here....

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #2205 ---
absolutely accord,

thanks John!

Have you looked to Dirk's version which is in post #2152? he tried to solve the problem in Kino's close above indicator.

--- 帖子 #2206 ---
I'm still looking into the problem and made already some changes. Unfortunately with no success.

But don't worry, I don't give up so easily.

As soon as I have something I will let you guys know.

D.

--- 帖子 #2207 ---
i have put NbOfBars=1000;  it's enough

and for :

a=iCustom(NULL, 0,"kino_T3MA ribbon filled",MA1Period,factor1,0,i);

b=iCustom(NULL, 0,"kino_T3MA ribbon filled",MA2Period,factor2,2,i);

c=iCustom(NULL, 0,"kino_T3MA ribbon filled",MA3Period,factor3,0,i);

d=iCustom(NULL, 0,"kino_T3MA ribbon filled",MA4Period,factor4,2,i);

e=iCustom(NULL, 0,"kino_T3MA ribbon filled",MA5Period,factor5,0,i);

f=iCustom(NULL, 0,"kino_T3MA ribbon filled",MA6Period,factor6,2,i);

if we put numbers instead of variables in MxPeriod and Factorx perhaps it will be better and faster

and there was a line with  Print(a , b , etc ) it was for control , i have deleted this line

what do you think ?

kino

--- 帖子 #2208 ---
Yes, I deleted that line and that fixed the issue with the writing in the logs.

Let me check the suggestion you made with the variables.

I was playing around with the closing of the candle to correct the repainting but that did not work. Now I'm thinking that the shift might have something to do with, but I have to play around with that thought. And if this does not work than I have to come up with something else.

D.

--- 帖子 #2209 ---
you say :
Let me check the suggestion you made with the variables.

you're welcome , but if we do it, that would say that the periods of T3MA and factors would be definitively fixed to these values (we can only change them after in the code itself !)

i have forgotten to delete the line of Printing a, b , close-a , etc (this line was only for me !lol , to control the code) so sorry

try this one

kino

--- 帖子 #2210 ---
Thanks,

I'll try it out.

Right now I changed some other variables in the code. I have to let it run in order to see if it works. Right now I'm busy at the university (can make little changes because of Prof. is watching) but as soon as I can, I let you know.

D.

--- 帖子 #2211 ---
new version with UP or DW depending of position of bar close

enjoy with this one Jazz ! (jazz and others)

someday i'll make it better ;

kino

--- 帖子 #2212 ---
kino......great!......THANKS!!

--- 帖子 #2213 ---
G'd day all !

I hope you guys don't mind me budging in like this with charts.. Cos i feel that while the gurus are perfecting this system, we still need to see more charts (:

After all it is still based on T3MA ribbons!

Here's one to look at, with Kijun and Triangle in action. Please correct me if I made any wrong comments  (:

--- 帖子 #2214 ---
Kino,

Thanks a million.  Because of this (small?) step..... we now also can make huge progress regarding continuation with your latest indicator developments.

In the next couple of days I'll get back to you to let you know how it helps in trading setups.

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #2215 ---
This chartgraph is currenty clearly in an NTZ. There are two reasons for that:

First of all notice how close the yellow Spudfibo lines are packed together... everyone of those can be a line support or resistance. Longs as well as shorts in such areas bounce to soon on those lines. Preferably pipdistance has to be more than 35 to get into a trade.....

At the end of this chart on the right you can see how difficult it is for price to get above the Spudfibo.... Price falls back to make a retracement towards yellow TF5Zone >>>>> There would be a chance for a breakout to the upside.... However all these Spudfibo's close together still makes it risky to enter a long here. How did it go from there?

Secondly price and TF1Zone are for the greater part in this chart in between TF15 and TF5 Zone. These Zones here also are too close together to enter trades. The better trade setups arrive when TF1Zone makes a retracement back towards TF5Zone (or sometimes TF15Zone) under or above all other Zones.

Furthermore support and resistance is in the TFZones itself in the first place. How to use triangles to determine breakouts, please check some examples I gave on page 132..... F.i. in one example where you can see that the stronger resistance is provided by the lower TFZones (i.e. TF15 and TF30).

Hope this helps, John

--- 帖子 #2216 ---
thanks it's the things i like to read because you will be surprised to know that

i will try this system only when clear rules for entry & exit will be defined simply; I think some visitors of this thread are gone quickly when they have seen our screens lol !

attached = pips to ribbons with TickRibbon too (if that helps)

kino

--- 帖子 #2217 ---
Hi Jazz, JE,

Can you advice me what was wrong with my entry at the attached chart? I entered short at the arrow based on the following:

1) Price bounced off  TF30 bottom once before few minutes ago and retesting at time of entry

2)Price bounced off  narrowing TF5  indicating growing resistance

3) Price fell below all TF

4) Braintrend, fxprimes, kijun lined up

5) cci 89 and sma just crossed 0 downwards

As you can see, price immediately reversed upwards. I'm still trying to figure out what I read wrong here. Appreciate your comments on how to avoid this kind of setup and where is the better entry.

Regards,

Satini

--- 帖子 #2218 ---
Looks like I finally found that dawn bug in the indi. I tested the indi the whole night with good results. So far I can say that the repainting issue is solved.

John, please test the indi and let me, kino and others know if the problem is corrected.

Kino, the indi you posted earlier, I tested this one along with the one I constantly made changes on. I used the T3MA instead of the ribbon indi that you created. I also did delete less tan you did. I'm not quite sure if this helped in any way but as long as it works who cares.

Alright e`then.

D.

--- 帖子 #2219 ---
Just to say heaps of thanks to all for an insightful system(fxtrading24,Kino"you wizzard",JE, Jazz, .........) I've been demo-ing alongside my live account (IG Markets) from the good old days with CD,and what do you know, your entry and exit strategies are excellent. Alpari-  here I come!

Hope you won't mind me posting a few charts now and again as I try to grasp the system better.

Current chart, would it have been advisable to take the signal at the 4th vertical line or just to stay clear until all the dust settles? Another signal presented itself soon after, but is this still in reaction to the news release?

Regards

Ron

--- 帖子 #2220 ---
First, thank you for all your great work, here and on other threads.

I always use trend indicators when trading.. I have your kino multiindicator

v5 lite.

Do you have an even newer version than that?  If so, please post here

if NOT... Kino, could you do a v6 lite, with the same cci1 cc2

rsi evs and has but just add one more time frame, right now its

1 5 and 15 min...I would like to see 1 5 15 and 30 minute

time frame conditions shown, so just adding the 30 min

time frame.

thank you so much and I appreciate your consideration

PS!  LOL.. I almost forgot.. I would love it if now or soon when you

could.. in addition to adding the 30 min time frame to the current

kino multi indicators v5 lite, but also will you please add macd so we can see

current macd trend on each time frame from what we enter

in the macd settings.  Default preference 8 17 9

Thanks again!

Brian

--- 帖子 #2221 ---
hi Dirk

what do you mean with this iClose(2,0,i) in "your" code ?

number 2 ? at this place you must write 0 or "USDCHF" or another Pair or NULL ...but i have never seen a number at this place ?

kino

--- 帖子 #2222 ---
Hi Pipster,

I follow your reasoning, however you made a major mistake. If you look at both setups on this chart...... you know immediately why..... Your retracement didn't happen above or under all Zones..... instead it happened inside quite a narrow TF30 Zone.

It should be like it's the case at the end of this chart. Nevertheless there is much hesitation here as well because of all the Spudfibo's overhead. Please check the chart below.

A retracement is only to be considered powerful and valid....... in open space..... whenever that retracement of TF1Zone occurs towards TF5Zone (and in some cases towards TF15Zone).

When between TFZones the same has to be true..... there also has to be enough open space when between TFZones..... for price to be able to jump out of TF1Zone (longs) or to fall out of TF1Zone (shorts).

Open space = when Pipdistance towards another TFZone or Fib- or Pivotline is more than 35 Pips.

So watch it and good luck next time, John

--- 帖子 #2223 ---
I think I forgot to delete that one while playing around with the settings.

Sorry.

If you want I can take it out of the code.

D.

--- 帖子 #2224 ---
Ron,

The 4th line is the only good one in this chart, however read my comments here http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2229 regarding a previous explanation to the matter.

Welcome on board, John

--- 帖子 #2225 ---
Brian,

Just kiddin'.... B.T.W. how angry did you make you professer??

Now I first have to do some other work as well..... downloaded the indi in the meantime and will test it tomorrow, OK?

You obviously have done a very nice job as well.  Thanks for helping us to improve indicators,

John

--- 帖子 #2226 ---
Hi John,

Thanks a lot for your advice. I will be more careful next time with the pip distance.

On the same  chart below, is there a valid cup and saucer  pattern entry at the 2nd vertical line?  Or is this invalid due to lack of pipdistance too?

Thanks again

Pipster

--- 帖子 #2227 ---
I have a question.

Is there a indicator out there that shows all major indexes like DOW, Nikkei, DAX and so forth?

Thanks.

D.

--- 帖子 #2228 ---
I'm really a newbie and I've a question regarding trading in the 1minute timeframe. Some said that the 1 minute TF has too much noise, some said it is almost impossible to profit out of the 1 minute TF as we are looking at a very small sample. However, I like the 1 minute as it gives opportunity for us to steadily scalp the market with smaller risk.  I'm really confused, can someone shed some light for me?  Confused,  LSs

--- 帖子 #2229 ---
hi Dirk,

I don't know about an indicator, but Broco provides data on indexes.

Cheers, Jazz

--- 帖子 #2230 ---
i would dont make publicity but i have a GCI platform metatrader with usual pairs + dow,nasdaq,dax,nikkei+oil+gold+SP500

search on the web GCI meta

kino

--- 帖子 #2231 ---
Hey Billye,

The ribbons on FESX index is great, using the latest template @post#1. I didn't have to adjust it, it's okay for my index. I trade it live with really good succes. A few pages back I allready wrote about my findings....

About the second question I will pm you.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #2232 ---
Here are 3 trades I took today. They were not conform above/below all ribbons and not conform trade between the ribbons rules.

So please remember that!

I have been watching this for some time and it was a nice day to try it out.

It's just something I want to throw in the group.

The criteria were:

1) Price should have to be far away from TF5 Ribbon, no matter if there is another WIDENING Ribbon in between.

2) Price should have been hesitating around the most important fibo levels (0, 38, 50, 62,100%) or pivot point levels (pivot, S1, S2, R1, R2) Yesterdays high, Yesterdays low

3) confirmation from nice tickribbon/TF1 Ribbon combi at entry.

Also wanted to show you the flipper nose pattern. I didn't take it, was busy at that time AND R1 level too close. But price reacted strong!

--- 帖子 #2233 ---
That's right, thanks kino and other contributors for this system.

However I you said it's not clear and hard to identify the point of entry and exit.

I have it installed on my demo and regularly read this topic, but I look forward to see some more usable version

Also as a suggestion, can we apply some rule regarding naming of the updated indicators. I know that you constantly work on improvements, but then people may get confused seeing ribbons_fixed.mq4, *_latest.mq4, etc. Just a simple numbers (eg. ribbons_1.0.mq4) would help, so if you changed some indicator and want to upload, just check first what version is on a server and name yours appropriately.

I hope it's not a big deal, but can improve the transparency.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2234 ---
sorry but latest was mine and fixed was from Dirk

i usually use v1 V2 etc ; and this time i was a little confused with this indicator and don't know why i named it = ...._latest !

next time i'll pay attention to that

bye

kino

--- 帖子 #2235 ---
Time to next bar added but be careful !
exemples 0.63 = 63/100 second to next bar
2.44 = 2 minutes & 44/100 second to next bar
kino

--- 帖子 #2236 ---
Hi all

Here is a new version of old zigzag_fib indicator which I just modified, It seems that it's more sensitive and reliable than daily fibo line. This indi retrace fibo levels periodically..

you can see how beautiful it works in pic below:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2237 ---
it's a fantastic tool thanks

can i ask you something = this indic below where is written : high low 1.4455 time next candle etc; because want to learn from it & make an indic like that with Pips to Ribbons more clear than the one i have made just above ; or another one like that ! in advance i thank you

kino

--- 帖子 #2238 ---
Hi kino,

I'm glad that indi was useful. About mentioned price indi, I should say that indi in my chart is modified for my purpose (I'm not a MQ4 programmer, just MQ4 modifier ). but I'll send you both of them ;the original and modified version.

I hope it will be useful for your indi development, I always appreciate your works...

GoodLuck

--- 帖子 #2239 ---
Went back to my screen and I saw this....

incredible how price follows the ribbons

--- 帖子 #2240 ---
how it went. index market is closed for today. bye everybody.

--- 帖子 #2241 ---
John, what have you done with the template?

Can I believe that the price data on my chart is real?

Or is the template manipulating my computer?

--- 帖子 #2242 ---
really appreciate , thanks

i'm not a real programmer too, i'm just learning a lot

i need some exemples and learn from others

thanks

kino

--- 帖子 #2243 ---
Hi Kino

heres all the Panel Displays indicators i have and find interesting, maybe you will find some usefull.

ciao

--- 帖子 #2244 ---
In continuation of my post#2239 I will show you today's examples of situations where price reached daily pivotline while it was far away from yellow TF5 Ribbon. Three times the index went back to TF5 ribbon.

CCI didn't backup these movements all the time.

I will continue to study this behaviour next days.

Haven't traded any of these moves. Today I did one wrong trade, went short much to near an important fibo level. So after failing I went gardening in the sun.

--- 帖子 #2245 ---
thanks a lot ; want make an indicator 'info' on distances of bar close to differents ribbons , with big numbers, colors , how many pips , rising or not , + time to next bar , CCI  value etc... something like that

with these examples you send i hope i should

kino

--- 帖子 #2246 ---
yesterday's high is very often a resistance level.

Because it was 'too far' from TF5 ribbon I exit my long position.

Ribbons gave me clear sight on the new high prob trade, which I took again.

--- 帖子 #2247 ---
Hi Reza,

Good to see you again on the thread..... In the meantime I have attached your Magic_Fibo to one of my charts and would like to know which reference points it uses:

When above Daily Open..... It looks like between Daily Open and Highest Daily High. So my guess would be when below Dailly Open..... It's gonna be between Daily Open and Lowest Daily Low.

Therefore...... when at some time during the day it sees a new High or Low it corrects itself and as such it changes the intermediate Fibo lines. The Daily Open being a fixed reference point? Is that how this one works? Or is the periodic retracement caused by clock....... a fixed number of time (hrs) or something like that?

Looking forward to your reply, John

--- 帖子 #2248 ---
Dirk,

Promised to tell you how your modifications on Kino's indi work.

It's good you persisted in gettin' it together.... for now this indi works the way it should..... Non repainting at all !!

It's on all my forex charts and I'm now testing different settings as well in order to see what it does in 3 combined bars underneath the chart..... Something like the Has Bars.

Once more, thank you for this excellent contribution to the thread,

Have a nice weekend, John

--- 帖子 #2249 ---
Woow Kino/Dirk/John!

That's trailblazing good news!!!
The coders did a great job!

--- 帖子 #2250 ---
Thanks John.

And also thank you to you Kino, without your first contribution and all the help and tips, I probably would have not achieved that.

Just ironic that I don't use it on my chart.

D.

--- 帖子 #2251 ---
Hi John,

This indi is based on Zigzag indicator and there is no reference point for it such as daily open or daily high or fixed hours...

I mean it just draws  fibo levels between 2 points of zigzag peaks , it will change everytime zigzag peak changes (the highest and lowest peaks in a special range which could be defined). I think  if you change the color (in the color tab from 255,255,255 to another one) you'll understand what I mean...

As you know the zigzag is an amazing indicator which pointing to the short trends and price retracements, but you should know how to set the settings for every timeframes to eliminate the noise. You can also change the ExtDepth value (for the mentioned special range) to find out what settings work best for your time frame.

Reza

--- 帖子 #2252 ---
for my friend Jazz who asks me somethings like that ! and for all of you

thanks to Maxzeus who gives to me some examples , i found one and after perhaps 3 hours of calculation and trituration ; i finished the job ;

i could later add some things below RSI , ADX , EMA ?? or anything that could be interesting ! cannot test it because forex closed , so i send just exe for now ; but i think it is ok! , will see on Monday !

hope you like this one !

nice Week end

kino

--- 帖子 #2253 ---
Well done Kino,

--- 帖子 #2254 ---
You posted an indicator a few days ago and told us something like " you can do this too"; well I looked into the code and thought ;  now you invested again in further developing this amazing strategy with this latest indicator, doing research on coding, Great Kino...

I will look after this tomorrow!!

And you challanged me to learn some coding too.... I will try indeed!

have a good time this sunday evening!

Jazz

--- 帖子 #2255 ---
Kino Great Work

but can i just give you some advised, you should spare some time, well cut off half the time you spend creating indis and trade to make money

Just a friendly advise

--- 帖子 #2256 ---
Hi Can somebody help me. My chart dosn't updating... I downloaded files from page 1. file with *.mgh   I placed into / experts/include folder. Have no idea what's  wrong.

--- 帖子 #2257 ---
I downloaded files again and everything works fine.

--- 帖子 #2258 ---
I consider our pivot lines and it's S&R levels together with 38 & 50 & 62% fibo levels as calculated like #spudfibo indicator as highly important.

I hope you don't mind when I post a chart again, it's today's chart showing the relevance of the ribbons...... while price didn't listen very precise to fibo and pivot levels....

Look how Kino close above all ribbons indicator pointed nice trades...and how TF30 ribbon was good target.

--- 帖子 #2259 ---
Hi Kino,

I have your monitor indicator on my chart and it is very very good! In one simple quick glance I can easely see pipdistances and position of price to ribbons.

the CCI values are helpfull too.

Great improvement for this great system!

<shortcut_BTY>: Big Thank You!!!!!

--- 帖子 #2260 ---
Right now happening on EURUSD!

--- 帖子 #2261 ---
Kino,

TF1 settings for #Kino_Monitor should be these:

extern int       MA1Period=27;

extern double    factor1=0.72;

extern int       MA2Period =36;

extern double    factor2=0.54;

So people, please change this setting in the indicator.

--- 帖子 #2262 ---
hi ;  new version 2 (before 3 , 4 etc ...) so How that works =

with a simple glance if you see that  ALL the nb of pips to close are red = then close is below all ribbons , green above cool no ?

nb pips to close is red = close is below this ribbon , green above
CCIs are red or green (below or above a level you can change = zero , 100; -67 or +67 or 228 lol) and you can change also periods of CCIs
RSI 8 is red below or above a level that you can change =45, 55 or 50 or 80) and you also can change also period of RSI
Price is Green if up and Red if down
ADX is Green if > 20 or else and Red if <0
SMA 50 or else is red if above bar close , Green below
Time to next bar nothing to precise
local time   nothing to precise !

if you want something else let me know !

kino

--- 帖子 #2263 ---
same version but with settings you mentioned above

kino

--- 帖子 #2264 ---
oups the file !

forget to attach file

but you can change settings and make a template !

kino

--- 帖子 #2265 ---
hi Brian ;

i forgot where was this post and who had send this post , and tonight i found it ; so here is attached "your" indicator with TF30 & Macd (you can change settings )

kino

--- 帖子 #2266 ---
Kino, awesome..thank you very much!

Brian

--- 帖子 #2267 ---
GJ dude!

Is it possible to add some alerting with sending email? (eg. "all reds on M1, M5, M15" or "indicator x, y, z -> red on M1")

Something which could be configurable.

Also now, what would you observe more before opening position: Monitor or Multiindicators?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2268 ---
alerts i will do later ,coz kino_monitor isn't finished (waiting for adding something else ? useful too)

and for your question , kino_multi is light (but you have macd in it) and monitor is also visual , i can add macd too ; and i don't trade at all ! i will trade later (i wait for sufficiant amount $ before opening live account)

coding is like a hobby now, i 'm working on P&F system of trading , and sometimes cciWoodies

bye

kino

--- 帖子 #2269 ---
Waiting to go with an ECN Broker huh, I know that is the best way to go because these retail brokers are nothing but thieves.

--- 帖子 #2270 ---
Does anyone have a copy of the pdf from the first post? I tried to get it but it's corrupted.

--- 帖子 #2271 ---
Just did a redownload myself from post #1..... everything was normal.

So please try once more, John

--- 帖子 #2272 ---
Sometinmes Internet Explorer is the problem. Since I use Mozilla Firefox (freeware, good quick and safe) I don't have download problems anymore.

--- 帖子 #2273 ---
Hi John,

Can you comment if the 2 entries marked on the chart are good? I took the 1st one, which I think was a bit early. Probably a better entry would be after price bounce off TF5 once and then setup again.

For the 2nd entry, is it an ideal time to enter? In previous examples, you have adviced to wait for TF1 to retrace back to TF5 after crossing  then setup again, rather than at the crossing itself. I was also apprehensive as price had already made a bit upwards and CCI was green for a long time. On the other hand, the CCI was trending up. Really need your advice if this setup qualify as a HPT?

Thank you once again very much for all your advice.

Sat

--- 帖子 #2274 ---
Hi Satini,

I hope you don't mind if I take a minute to answer your question, I saw your post was 25 hours old. John can complement if he can give further insights.

The second entry was a very good High Probability Trade setup. Price bounced up from closing TF5 zone together with TF1 which indicates strong support. No TF zones ahead which you can easely see on both Kino indicators. CCI has strong momentum, and both FX primes pointing to uptrend.

Your entry on the first arrow was not a high prob trade. Congrats with the pips, I think you made a nice ride. However, it wasn't a safe entry. Close above you, in the direction of your trade, you have got resistance from TF5 zone, which didn't gave support short before. TF 5 zone was just trying to turn to a closing triangle. At your entry point it was not clear that TF1 zone was giving this support and was able to win over TF5 resistance.

CCI had negative momentum! The longer FXPrime indicator was neutral and didn't paint the white alert dots.

Waiting for TF1 zone retracing to TF5 was a possibility. It doens't happen all the time. CCI indicated good health (no divergence) so it was good to enter here.

Have a nice trading day. I am just taking some holiday this week.

Cheers,  Jazz

--- 帖子 #2275 ---
Hey, guys! I'd like to hear your comment about next situation. How do you think where price will go?

--- 帖子 #2276 ---
it will make a retracement, because it went up already a nice ride. after that, decide for yourse....

--- 帖子 #2277 ---
Hi,

Please can you explain me how do i insert TF1 TF5 ribbons in one chart ?

Thanks,

Pad

quote=Jazz1964;2691396]

[/quote]

--- 帖子 #2278 ---
Hi Pad,

it is in the template from post#1.

Download the zipfile, place all components at the right folders (indicators, template, mqh file). Theyou can open the template and you will have all the ribbons at one chart.

[/quote]

--- 帖子 #2279 ---
Hi there,

This is my first post in the forum so I hope I am doing this ok. I am a complete beginner and have been following the thread since page 100 - some of it I understand and some - well I hope to learn in the future - certainly this thread has been very useful to me in my learning curve of forex trading although I will say that with all the different indicators that are now appearing things are beginning to confuse me somewhat. With more experience I guess it would be easier.

Regarding the new Kino monitor (wow hasn't he put in some great work) I wonder if someone would be kind enough to take the time to explain in detail what the different parts are of this indicator / what they do / and how the results should be interpreted (in the ideal world I suppose). As I have looked at it for some time and my head is still spinning!!

Many thanks,

Mike

--- 帖子 #2280 ---
Welcome Mike!

The best thing you can do is learning the stuff from the pdf and get familiair with the template from post#1.

In this thread you can also find the newest developments like the indicator on which you're questioning about. It's a really good one, I like it.

In this indicator there are several components which don't really belong to this Ribbon system.

When something new is tested and can fit into the system, it will be in the next update in post#1. So you can wait to learn all indicators which are (and will be) posted.

But if you wat to know the MonitorV2: Take a look at my picture.

The ADX ad RSI values aren't part of our system. SMA50 isn't also.

CCI21 isn't used in the latest templates anymore. This CCi21 is integrated in the upper FXPrime indicator. But to show you what it is, I placed a doubleCCi in my chart below. You can forget about it. Or remember: if it's green and positive, the entryCCi is above zero (and vice versa).

If the distances from the ribbons are all red, that means price is below all ribbons (look for short high probability trades).

If the distances from the ribbons are all green, that means price is below all ribbons (look for long high probability trades).

Maybe you want to trade between the ribbons (that's where distances are red AND green). You can now easely look if pipdistance is >35 pips, which is a requirement.

Hope this helps you.

Cheers, Jazz

--- 帖子 #2281 ---
Hi Jazz,

Thank you very much for   your thoughts on the 2 trades. Always appreciate your comments and chart examples. A lot to learn from there.

Hope you have a good holiday!

Satini

--- 帖子 #2282 ---
Hi Jazz.

Thank you very much for your quick reply - things much clearer now - your picture helped a lot especially as I wasn't seeing the CCI figures on my pc as I had the screen resolution very high - hence Four Eyes! I also wasn't clear on the two figures given for R1 etc but of course now I see it applies to 'price above or below the line/ribbon'.

Thank you again for the time spent answering my question - wish you further success in your trading.

Regards,

Mike

--- 帖子 #2283 ---
Hello All,

I'd like to obtain the FIRST indicator under the price action window that's displayed in post 2288.  It's the indicator with green and red.  It seems to be the first indicator under price action in a number of recent posts.  Can anyone tell me how I can get that indicator?

Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #2284 ---
I believe the name of the indicator I'm looking for is FXPrime_V2Final.  Can someone attach it for me or tell me where I can obtain it?

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #2285 ---
Hi there, I believe it's on page 125, post 1871. Good Luck!

Ron

--- 帖子 #2286 ---
Hi, you can find this indicator in the zipfile from post#1.

it is called FXprime_V2 Final-JE.

The settings for this indicator as in the chart from post#2288 are in the template in the same zipfile (or in the full coulour template from post#1).

--- 帖子 #2287 ---
hi Jazz !

good explanations ! (good teacher !)

i think because ccis , adx sma50 & RSI aren't a part of this system , it will be good that i take them off that indicator , what do you think , and put something else that fits better with that system ?

kino

--- 帖子 #2288 ---
Hi Kino,

yes it would be great if you can post a version without sma50, RSI, ADX.

And only CCi89 in it.

I really like your monitor indicator, while it shows the position of current price to the ribbons, also when the ribbons are out of my screen. So no guesswork or shifting the scale is required! Great Kino!

--- 帖子 #2289 ---
Thank you Ron and Jazz1964 for the details about the indicator I asked for help with.  I really appreciate your assistance.

Have a nice weekend!

--- 帖子 #2290 ---
Wow, hey Jazz1964, what's the neat looking ribbon-type indicator that indicates up and down moves over the price action window in post #1884 on page 126?

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #2291 ---
Hi jicssbr,

Do you like the colours of this chart? Just use the template in the zipfile from post#1 (not the full colour version).

Are you surprised by the accuracy of these Ribbons?

Does these Ribbons give you a bright view on the market?

I can understand that! I have posted many charts and I see charts everyday that give me the feeling that the 'ribbons are ruling the market'.

The ribbons you aim for are 'nothing special' :nerd: , just take the latest version from post#1 and you have it on your chart. Look how price reacts when it reaches the Ribbonsides every time again and again!

--- 帖子 #2292 ---
Hello Jazz1964,

Thank you, so much, for the details about how to find the Ribbons indicator.  I'll give it a try.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #2293 ---
Hello Jazz1964,

Wow, I just place the Ribbons template on a 1H GU chart and it's amazing how accurate it is...

BTW, do you know how I can obtain the Primajaya OverRSI(13) indicator?  I saw it on a forum, but I can't discover how to download it.

Thanks again, Jazz1964.

=D

--- 帖子 #2294 ---
.

Hi,

Picture will be cool along side with your explaination.

Real pips.

--- 帖子 #2295 ---
Hello Real,

If you look at page 126 (and some of the surrounding pages), you'll see many pictures of the "Ribbon" type of indicator I commented on.  Hope this helps.

=D

--- 帖子 #2296 ---
Look at page 153 in this forum for a brief explanation from Jazz about how to trade this strategy as well as for excellent pictures of the Ribbons and other indicators that make up the system.  Also, download the system files along with the PDF (the PDF is full of additional system pictures) in post #1.

Hope this helps as well.

--- 帖子 #2297 ---
Goodday everybody!

This morning:

EURUSD found support on pivot level

support on TF1 zone

61,8% fibo resistance broke while price found support on Kijun Line

Lower FXPrime already green and higher FXPrime green after small retracement

CCI nice retracement and new strength above 67

This was a Long High Probability Trade Signal

I hope you took it!

--- 帖子 #2298 ---
Hello Jazz,

Nice trade and thank you for sharing it with us.  I was wondering how you get those black boxes to display around the pivot level and the 61.8 fibo level.  Did you draw them in manually or are they automatically drawn?

Also, my charts don't show the red and blue entry signal dots.  I'm using the non-colored charts from post #1 which may not have those dots included in the template for the non-colored system.

Thanks Jazz.

--- 帖子 #2299 ---
Hello Jazz,

Do the Buy/Sell arrows in the price action window repaint?

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #2300 ---
The arrows repaint, yess.

About the dots, I think you don't have placed Priceseries.mqh in your metatraderexpertsinclude folder. It's in the zipfile.

The black ractangles are one of the standard drawing tools from your metatrader software. You can draw lines, circles fibonacci levels and text etc.

--- 帖子 #2301 ---
Thanks Jazz.  Yes, I do have that file in the proper folder so I'm not sure why I'm not seeing the dots.  I'll play around with it to see if I can get them to appear.  Which template are you using to get those dots?

--- 帖子 #2302 ---
[IMG]file:///C:/DOCUME%7E1/Owner/LOCALS%7E1/Temp/moz-screenshot.jpg[/IMG]I deleted and replace the PriceSeries file in the Include folder and restarted MT4 and I still cannot see the dots in my charts.  BTW, I'm using the ActionTrade 3.12 template.  I tried to attach a screen shot of my charts using Paint.

Finally, how do you post screen shots in the body of your post?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2303 ---
Well, I guess I now know how to post screen shots in the body of my posts.

=D

--- 帖子 #2304 ---
The dots are from FXprime_V2 Final-JE.mq4 indicators. it should be two times at your chart. Strange if it doesn't appear.

In your main file menu you can choose 'save as picture' in gif format. That's how we make photo's.

--- 帖子 #2305 ---
=D

--- 帖子 #2306 ---
Hmmm...I'm also missing the navy blue line in the price action window.

--- 帖子 #2307 ---
because i have send 2 versions =

#kino_monitor.mq4 & #kino_monitor_v2.mq4  i have nothing to do

those who want RSI ADX etc ... version2

and the other version #kino_monitor.mq4 look at few posts before or use paperclip files

kino

--- 帖子 #2308 ---
Yes that's true.

The entryCCI isn't used, but it is okay to have it.

The only thing we have to do after attaching is setting

CCI 79 to CCI 89 in the properties and

CCI 24 to CCI 21

--- 帖子 #2309 ---
I think you have to download the ! actiontrade v3.12- fx50 system 1 min full colour template from post#1. Everything is in it. Try that one...

--- 帖子 #2310 ---
I want to thank everyone for their contributions to this thread.  The indicators are very strong and it's up to each of us to be able to interpret them according to our goals and to exit according to the plan.  Now, that's the problem I've been having.  I only trade "live" and at full lots, so this is real money!  My trading success is at 80% which to me is acceptable.  Normally my entries are "right on" and I'm not retracing more than a few pips.  But there are times when the exit is not real good.  I wait a bit for it to turn and then the loss ends up bigger than I need.  I know there have been responses written regarding a 20 pip stop loss, but sometimes that's huge and could have been cut much sooner.  I know, if my entries are normally very good, I probably should exit pretty quickly when I see it not working, but sometimes that price does come around and do what you believed it would.

My guess is some of you have encountered the same thing.  If not, you are trading wizards and I compliment you!  If you have experienced this, what is the indicator/criteria you use to exit and just admit it wasn't the best executed trade?  Any thoughts you folks have would be greatly appreciated.

I look forward to the continuation of this thread, because it has helped clear up some other inconsistencies in my trading plan.  Thanks again.

Steve

--- 帖子 #2311 ---
Ok Jazz, I'll try the color download and see if that gives me the Navy line and B/S Dots.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2312 ---
Kino,

Would you mind adding a spread info to the kino_monitor? and also sharing the mq4 version would be useful as I'd like to personalize its look more...

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2313 ---
"new" version with Spread ; and without sma adx & rsi

kino

--- 帖子 #2314 ---
attached

kino

--- 帖子 #2315 ---
On EURUSD today a very nice opportunity for trading between the ribbons.

Pipdistance between price and TF15 is >35 pips, So that's a good one.

Look how price bounced twice on TF15 before it definately broke through!

--- 帖子 #2316 ---
here attached final version with the 4 ribbons

i'm working on alarm , if above / below all ribbons

kino

--- 帖子 #2317 ---
Green Tickzone Traders having trouble to push the RED BALL into black area

--- 帖子 #2318 ---
First of all: my excuses for my previous post!

I hoped I could find time this week for trading and posting on this thread, but it's different.

Okay, I want to show you 2 pics.

Reason is the orchid coloured TF30 Zone. I think it is good to repeat what John told about that Zone at the time he introduced it. He said:

"You will notice that TF30Zone is of less importance for entry decision and actually is more or less only usefull to identify support and resistance at greater distances. As such the edges of TF30Zone (=TF30Ribbon) most of the time work more the same as Pivot-and Fiblines."

That's my opinion on the TF30 Zone too. Actually I have to say that if you don't pay attention to that principle, you will mis the boat and (even worse) will entry too late /getting in bad trades.

However the TF30 Zone is on my charts for reason the 'pivot' function.

NB: Because of the original intention of the TF30 Zone, the #Kino_close_above_ribbons indicator doesn't have TF30 Zone in it's calculation.

pay attention to the big distance between Yesterdays High which is reached on the chart and yellow TF5 zone. In my opinion it happens often that price retraces to this Zone. In this case it was much further.

For those who think: Jazz' chart is different from mine......yes, I had data probems....I am missing half an hour data.

--- 帖子 #2319 ---
[quote=Jazz1964;2718014]First of all: my excuses for my previous post!
"You will notice that TF30Zone is of less importance for entry decision and actually is more or less only usefull to identify support and resistance at greater distances. As such the edges of TF30Zone (=TF30Ribbon) most of the time work more the same as Pivot-and Fiblines."

NB: Because of the original intention of the TF30 Zone, the #Kino_close_above_ribbons indicator doesn't have TF30 Zone in it's calculation.

attached 3 and 4 ribbons

you can erase all the others and choose the one you want

kino

--- 帖子 #2320 ---
As a follow up to my previous post regarding the orchid coloured TF30 Zone:

it appears to be a Pivot line today on EUR/USD.

Nice high prob trade setup at the vertical line.

--- 帖子 #2321 ---
Good day everybody,

EUR/USD today

a very wide TF15 zone gives opportunity for trading into it's boarders.

Remember, for a high prob trade minimum pipdistance to the next level of S&R should be 35 pips.

The left orange vertical line: all conditions are very nice for entries, but pipdistance is too small. So it's not high prob

The right orange vertical line: CCI is croosing zero and FXPrime is alerting for possible change of direction. But pipdistance is too small for a high prob setup.

Look at the right part of the chart: price goes down when yellow TF5 traders decide they won't buy.

will TF15 be able to give support? TF5 recently don't want to pay, TF1 looks like they don't want to pay......

--- 帖子 #2322 ---
How it went:

--- 帖子 #2323 ---
The index trade I am in, while TF15 and TF30 are above me:

--- 帖子 #2324 ---
Wow did you see this G/U trade?

100 pips...

Look at the divergance I draw in the chart. The first breakout from blue TF15 zone is not a good setup because of the positive divergence.

Next you can see blue TF15 and yellow TF5 zones rejects price down.

This happens with negative hidden divergence in CCI.

This is a real winner.

After the strong 100 pips downside movement, price is at the lower TF30 line. This will be so, until TF5 comes in the game, pushing price down (not in the pic).

--- 帖子 #2325 ---
got it?

--- 帖子 #2326 ---
This is EUR/USD today.

at point:

A: Price pushed down by orchid coloured TF30 and blue TF15 zones

B: blue Tf 15 pushes price back down

C: 3rd and last down push from TF15

D: Very narrow TF5 is giving support and price breaks trough TF15 zone up

E: Upper TF15 line is giving resistance

F: double support from Yellow TF5 and TF15

G: strong ralley up is getting slower here and gets finally gets resistance from closing TF30 triangle. Interesting point!

H: TF15 traders not giving up; these traders pushes price up.

TF5 traders are also coming into the playground. I am curious, but have to go now.

Good trading day to all of you

--- 帖子 #2327 ---
Well this is what happened:

--- 帖子 #2328 ---
High Probability Trade.

Price went below all the Zones, made a nice pullback

Entry confimed by double FXPrime red signals  and CCI recrosses it's black MA.

And if that was not enough: bonus red dot on price action chart from BraintrendSig.

--- 帖子 #2329 ---
This is really good.

--- 帖子 #2330 ---
Hi everyone,

I finally finish reading all the posts before I do the first post.

Thanks so much John E. for the teaching,

and also Jazz for giving lot of examples.

--- 帖子 #2331 ---
I have a question how this entry for a long position.

I do this long entry, because

1- I see the PA is breaking the ribbons again.

2- above the Tenken line

3- CCI above 67 and heading up

4- Prime bar has "dot" signal.

Please give me some comment...

Thank you thank you....

--- 帖子 #2332 ---
Hi the2001km,

Welcome to this very strong setup from John Edwards!

You have done a good job by reading all the stuff on the FX50 and the TF Zones. I think you will need just a little time before you can swim by yourself. That's the way how it went for me.

Your interpretation of the zones and indicators is pretty good.

What I tell you now, is about what I see in your chart:

The very best situation is when price jumped further out of TF 5 ribbon and makes a pullback and go.

The way price felt below Kijun line just before, is also a sign that this is not the very strongest setup.

One thing you forgot: the resistance levels R1 and 38% fibo level. They're very near above you, that's a risk!

I couldn't read your chart very good, so I opened a USD/JPY myself.
Strange, your chart  and mine are very different. At first I couldn't find your entry.

At my chart you can see that TickZone and TF1 and Price are all together into TF5 Zone. Nobody did decide yet and yesterdays high is close above.

If you look back: TF5 Zone had been resistance twice before.....

Please download the full colour template from post 1 again.

Hope that will help.

The photo on your post is not very clear. You can save a picture from your clean chart by rightclicking on empty space on your chart, search for the save as photo (or something like that); after that you check the second option.

--- 帖子 #2333 ---
Hi Jazz,

Thanks for your comment.

I did use the post#1-full color version, but it really knows different with ur chart. If it was on ur chart at that time, I may not entry long, because it was within the ribbon, I will wait for a clear breakout of ribboons.

By the way, how many pips distance away from pivots are safe?

--- 帖子 #2334 ---
If we are using the same template and indicators (from post#1?), the problem could be that you or me is missing data. Could be me, my demo account has problems sometimes.

Can somebody else post the same chart?

--- 帖子 #2335 ---
Hi Jazz,

I'm using Demo account too, I don't know if I will have missing data also.

I always use the MT4 demo account to analyze the chart, and enter live in other one. I compare to demo and live, it usually have around 20sec delay.

--- 帖子 #2336 ---
Hello all,

Have been reading this thread for some time now really appreciate everyone helps! Anyway ... I believe the one that the2001km use is GMT+2 that's why the difficulty in finding the long that he took.

Btw just my opinion, may be others can correct me out. Based on Figure 1 ( Zoom In version), it does seems that price is continuing an uptrend, and the blue ribbon below seems to show that there is a support for it.

But sometimes it is good also to zoom out a little and see how others ribbon is doing. Figure 2 is the zoom out version of the same trade.

1. Here you can see that TF5 is going to clash with TF15. Probably not a good time to trade because we do not know which one will win, TF5 or TF15, and where will price go after the clash? Also if you look closer at the TF5 ribbon, it is widening so less support to push price up.

2. Blue ribbon is also not widening or narrowing. If narrowing, we could at least assume TF15 is supporting uptrend. Or if blue ribbon is widening, we could assume that price will go down through it.

3. Pink ribbon is widening, so this also show that there is no support from all ribbon to push the price up.

So as you can see, price go down after that. A short would have been really nice. Anyway thats what I understand from reading the thread, hope others can correct my mistakes. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2337 ---
it has to do with the demo account which my broker offers. They have server problems on their demo accounts. That's what they told me.

--- 帖子 #2338 ---
It's a game between the next factors. Talking about an upmove:

- is CCI strong? Negative Divergence into CCI has to make you careful.

- is the support from TF zones strong? e.g. if TF5 zone is far below, it's risky because these traders can take profit near an important pivot or fibo level. But if two or more TF edges are very nearby, then they can give strong support.

- did price already made a strong upmove? If yes, be carefull.

See my attachment. Price breaks out all Zones and comes near to Yesterdays High Pivot. Then it falls back to exactly TF1 Zone and goes up again. Take a sharp look at CCI, which doesn't come high again, showing negative divergence. This is a warning that the pivot can be too strong. Pipdistance to  Y-High is very small and Y-High is an important pivot. So if you made your entry on the first vertical line, you better be extra carefull.

Price falls down, making lower lows an a lower high. New down move? I don't think so! Much support overhere from TF5 and TF15 and TF30.

Now I am going to wait for CCI breaking the yellow resistance trendline. If that occurs I can try a long. It happened...I made my entry long, and.....my internet connection and telephone broke down....WOW....okay, call my broker by cell phone and closed my position with a little profit above the pivot!

Your question about pipdistance.... I think 15 pips at minimum. John, what's your opinion? I am not trading Forex, I think most people know that overhere. I am trading FESX index. This system also works on Indexes, futures etcetera.

The trade I made here was too close to the pivotline, but I wanted to beat it. Usually I take around a wave length as minimum. But that's no rule.

--- 帖子 #2339 ---
Hi Tengkorak,

Thanks for your clear explanation.

I didn’t notice the Pink ribbon was widening.

I entered long because at that time, I thought the breakout of the ribbons was strong enough to go up and above all ribbons. It also rebounded from the yellow ribbon.

Thank you all,

km

--- 帖子 #2340 ---
I don't think you could have known about the upcoming clash, it's in the future. If price would have made a strong upmove, the clash didn't happen!

The point is, the blue and pink zones are quiet at distance. Instead of thinking they will give support, I think they first have a certain attraction on price, like a magnet. A breakout is much stronger if most or all of teh zones are just below price.

Yes, if pipdistance >35 pips, trading between the ribbons is a good possibility.

--- 帖子 #2341 ---
Hi Jazz,

It's making me fuzzy...

So at the time I made the Long position was a valid entry?

I agree that, I checked back the graph and was finding the mistake from the previous entry, I usually can give myself many reasons. In fact, when it happens again, I still may make the same mistake. hummm.....

Regard,

km

--- 帖子 #2342 ---
Thanks for the explaination Jazz ...

This will help us in further understanding the system. By the way, like how you talk about divergences in your examples lately ...

--- 帖子 #2343 ---
It wasn't bad KM! You weren't lucky.

The risks was: the important pivot too close above.

The most beautiful entries are when price makes a beter pullback on TF5.

--- 帖子 #2344 ---
There is a very good pdf about divergence somewhere in this thread. You have to search for it, I am sorry. You can do that a bit easier by clicking the paperclip button.

have a nice weekend all!

--- 帖子 #2345 ---
Thanks Jazz and Tenkorak for the help.

Have a nice long weekend.

--- 帖子 #2346 ---
Thanks Jazz1964.  Really appreciate the details and assistance with John's great system.

=D

--- 帖子 #2347 ---
Hi guys,

just wanna share this chart on some  entries I saw on EU 15 May.  I only took the 1st vertical line between ribbons on my demo and closed out when price hit the  Daily low 1st time and went to sleep. This morning, I saw the HPT setup after price retrace to TF5 zone.

John  says best entries occur  when TF1 is completing a retracement towards TF5  (or  TF15) zone and both are above or below other zones. Clearly seen here.

Hope some of you caught the move live.

Have a great weekend.

Pipster

--- 帖子 #2348 ---
hi all, happy that this is still alive

JAZZ , waiting all , for a pdf whith some screens and comments of

the most frequent and safe trades , it will be great and helpful !

these last weeks don't make new indics , because working on something else quite different (a painting i've to finished before 28th of may) so i don't have time ; but i have a look on this thread every day )

bye all , have a nice week end

kino

--- 帖子 #2349 ---
I just enter this 2mins ago.

1-I see divergent on CCI

2-PA all below the ribbons

3-PA passed the 200sma and the FIBO-76.4

It could be a good entry, isn't it?

Anyone plz give me some comments~~?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2350 ---
I already got a quick profit from it after the news.

1-double tops on pivots

2-CCI divergence

3-pull back to pivots after news

I enter when PA left ribbon. I got a quick TP-10pips in 10mins.

I don't know if it will still go down.

--- 帖子 #2351 ---
Already hit my 20pips TP. out of trade.

I don't know how far it can go.

sniff~~sniff~~~

--- 帖子 #2352 ---
I just made another entry based on

1- PA quick broke 200SMA and ribbons

2- divergence on CCI before.

3- Pull back exists and passes the previous low where

I entered at 94.50.

4- Prime bars are all red.

5- Most important ----not near any pivots.

That's what i saw, am I missing something?

--- 帖子 #2353 ---
I made another entry. It may wrong.

1-Return to main down trend as PA pass again 200SMA

2-Nice crossing down of every ribbons

3-pull back on TF1

I think it should be best enter when PA cross 0.7722 which is previous low.

How is this entry?

--- 帖子 #2354 ---
Wow it's great to find this thread!  My thanks to everyone that started this and to everyone that has kept it going.   I'm an ex-primer myself and would love to get up to speed here so I can start to contribute.  Have been spending my weekend reading the posts to get caught up.  Cancel the bbq's baby - I've got some catching up to do!!!

I've attached my analysis of a setup.  Can someone comment on my chart and tell me if my entries are valid or if I am missing something?  Do you try to enter right on the dotted red line?  I noticed when price has pulled away from the dotted red line it tends to retrace back to the dotted red line.  In one case on my chart the retrace was about 50 pips.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2355 ---
Hi Pipvalhalla,

I don't know if your entry is good/bad, because I'm still newbie to this system. But for me, I usually won't enter in the ribbons or beginning breaking ribbons. I scare it will be a Resistance/support.

So I will wait the PA clearly break the ribbon and do the pull back, I then will enter.

--- 帖子 #2356 ---
Hi Jazz, John,

Haven't heard from you for a while. Always enjoy learning something from your posts and chart examples.

Any new update in the works?

Looking forward to hear from you guys.

Pipster

--- 帖子 #2357 ---
Hi Pipster,

For the moment I am quite busy doing other things..... so there will not be much from me untill September of this year.

I plan to do an update than.

Thanks for your interest and contributions.

I hope in the meantime someone else will answer questions and try to explain current trade setups using this system.

Good Luck,

John

--- 帖子 #2358 ---
Nicely done..... Thanks for showing your trade setup.

You seem to have full grasp already...... Please put some other setups on the thread..... there are many readers that come here to learn and study.

Have a look at post #1 and see for yourself how many visitors to this thread have downloaded the pdf-file Jazz1964 has attached to post #1 on April 6-th '09.....  4978 dowloads in barely 7 weeks which isn't bad at all.

Many of those come back regularly to study all your examples on the latest pages......

Good Luck,

John

--- 帖子 #2359 ---
WOW, I discover your thread this friday. What an interesting method! I was looking for something like that since a long time.

I know I have a lot to catch up to do but there are so many good exemples, explanations and teaching it shouldn't be a major pb ... just a matter of time!

Thanks Kino, John, Jazz, FX24 and many others, you are fantastic and are really helping traders.

See you later when I have a better understanding.

Best regards.

Al

--- 帖子 #2360 ---
Hello,

I'm slowly going through this thread and so far find it very interesting. I encounter a problem with the different scripts on page 96. None of them are working! I've tryed everything I know (but I may not know everything!), put them in script folder, allow live trading .... but no success. I even try in Expert Adviser folder without much luck!

I'm looking for a simple script that allow me to enter a trade when I drag it on a chart with a predetermine nb of lots (from mini to standart) and also a predetermined SL and TP I can choose myself before entering the trade. I sure that kind of script exist but was unable to find by myself.

I would really appreciate if somebody could post one which is actually working or who can tell me why the one i have are not!

I'm using WHCas a broker, tryed on a demo but I don't think that the broker is relevant as I have some other scripts that are working perfectly on this platform.

Thanks in advance.

AL

--- 帖子 #2361 ---
Hello, everybody, iam new here, still learning the setups. Thank you for this method. So far i like Kino CCI RSI as a entry signals and filtered by ribbons.

They are very good in those big volatility market conditions. Every time i test system i put it in it to the worst market possible.One of these very bad period is  from march to august 2007. There was only 50 pips daily average ranges. and sometimes price were in range of 20 pips several hours. In those conditions you can get so many crossing of 0 line where acutally i have no clue what to do.It is almost not possible to make money there, and this period can stand several weeks or months.

I would like to know how you cope with that guys?, i attached several charts showing those small volatility periods. The problem is you never know when those small volatility periods will come. Thank you for respond

Take a care

Denaro

--- 帖子 #2362 ---
Hello i'm back and with this trade of 54 pips for now

where are all the membrrs of the forum ?

kino

--- 帖子 #2363 ---
I know what you mean Kino.

It is kinda quite in here for now.

Will see if this changes.

D.

--- 帖子 #2364 ---
Hey Kino,

I have a question. I have this indicator but it repaints. I already looked into the code and can not find the problem. It is a Zig Zag indy so I'm not quite sure if this problem ever could be fixed because of the changing highs and lows that occur. But just for the heck of it. Please take a look and tell me what you think.

D.

--- 帖子 #2365 ---
I forgot the parameter.

Change minBars to 5 or 8 & ZZ_Method to 1.

D.

--- 帖子 #2366 ---
ok i'll try to see that

kino

--- 帖子 #2367 ---
i only see a horizontal line ?

send me a PM with screen, please

thxs

kino

--- 帖子 #2368 ---
what time frame do u prefer to trade?

--- 帖子 #2369 ---
Hi all,

just want to say I am still dedicated to the FX50 system with Ribbons.

Unfortunately I don't have time to trade so I dont share charts with you these times.

In the future I want to come back here. I want to do a visual backtest on the high prob trade setups, looking for the % winners and losers on EURUSD. I think it will be almost the same as a previous backtest I made and publiced overhere. The result was about 80% winners if I remember correctly.

Kino, sorry, really don't have time for a small pdf. The best trade setups are if price is under/above all ribbons AND after price made a nice pullback. Price shouldn't have been on the way for a long time already, because then you can expect a retracement. Look for CCI (strength/trendlines/divergences). Be carefull with entry nearby pivots and fibo levels.

Me myself like to trade between the Ribbons too when the next S&R from the ribbons is at enough pipdistance.

I find it very responible to look at price action as a result of the behaviour of the different groups of traders, each with their own time horizon. since february they are always on my charts as the basis of my trading.

Hope everybody is okay!

--- 帖子 #2370 ---
because I like them so much

didn't make the trade, but the exemple is obvious.

Look how CCI pointed clearly in the direction of a short by leaving the wedge in south direction. Price felt througt the widening (less resistance) TF5 Ribbon. See how TF5 traders needed some time before pushing price down together with Tick- and TF1 Ribbons.

--- 帖子 #2371 ---
I am planning to start with forex too  Most of you know I am trading only futures on indexes for the last 5 years after being a stock trader, but when I overwin my fear for MT4 brokers, I will change.

Nice chart for you.

--- 帖子 #2372 ---
I am relatively new to trading and my favourite indicators have been moving averages and the cci. I had a basic system using these. Discovering this system and thread has fast tracked my progress enormously. Thank you to those who have put the time into developing it.

When I opened my charts this morning I could see a great example of how the TF zones create the support and resistance.

http://i5.photobucket.com/albums/y16...60609_2326.gif

And then after that how triangles show the way to a trade. There was a tightening triangle developing between the TF5 (Green)  and TF15 (Purple). TF5 was acting as strong resistance so price was being pushed down. At the same time TF15 was opening up forming an opening trianlge enabling price to be pushed down through it.

http://i5.photobucket.com/albums/y16...60609_0142.gif

I am still only learning this system, so the experienced guys, please feel free to add comments or correct.

--- 帖子 #2373 ---
Hey all how's trading going. I have been away but back now nice to see this thread moving along. Any way I have a great idea for a trailing stop ea.

I will try to explain this the best I can.

I need an ea that will first close all orders at profit

second a trailing stop added

third a close orders at loss in pips

fourth read below I tried to explain the best I can.  NOTE: this needs to all be in pips not dollars like 0.5 etc.
Here seems to be the tricky part when the ea hits the trailing stop at whatever i input lets say 20 pips, now I want the option lets say the market goes the other direction against me. I want to be able to have the ea close a percentage of the order say at 10 pips. This way if it does go to 0 I at least get something out of the market.     This would be great for scalping for all of us. Kinon or somebody can you look at this. I have enclosed a trailing ea maybe you can just add to it.

Thanks let me know what you think.

fxtrading24

So the inputs would be
All possessions         True or False
Profit Trailing           True or False
Trailing stop
Profit Target
Trailing Step
Hard Stop
Then Close Partial oreder( This is when the trailing stop has been hit here you would add the amount of order to close if the trailing stop heads back to 0)
Close order amount This is when the trailing stop has been hit here you would add how many pips before it closes the partial order.

What I am getting at is lets say you go long eur/usd and you set your trailing stop at 10 ok so you hit the trailing stop and then the market reverses and lets say you want the ea to close half the order at 5 pips you still gain if it goes to 0.

--- 帖子 #2374 ---
If anyone would like to analyse this failed trade feel free.

http://i5.photobucket.com/albums/y16...70609_0232.gif

I thought everything was lining up. Price had reached the 76.4 fib retrace level, Had a red BrainTrend Alert. Fxprime has signaled shorts. Price had come below the Kijun. I waited for the pull back which bounced off the 1 min TFZ. Fxprime 1 went red, Fxprime 2 gave a signal, price came below the kijun and the ichi cloud, cci went through 0 and the sma also with down angle. There was plenty of space below to next ribbon. Also I thought it was a good gateway through the TFZ5 (green). I had a 15 pip sl. Is this just one of those stop outs that happen, or did I not read something else that was important. Entered at red line.

--- 帖子 #2375 ---
Let me try to help you.

What happend was that you did not get a signal from the other Fxprime indicator. Both indies have to come up on the chart for you to be able to enter. Also, your CCI 89 did not cross the 67 line in order to give another signal.

I hope that helped a little.

D.

--- 帖子 #2376 ---
Thanks. So I jumped the gun a bit, and should have waited for both fxprimes to go red.

--- 帖子 #2377 ---
Sorry Kino for the late reply.

Here is the website to the zz indy. In that thread everything is explained.

But I still think that the repainting of the indicator would not be fixable because of the fact that it is a High Low indy and those change and are not  predictable.

http://www.forex-tsd.com/indicators-...w-trendzz.html

D.

--- 帖子 #2378 ---
Hey Kino,

I have a question regarding one of your indies.

It's the Kino_RSI_45_55. That indi is repainting and I just wanted to ask you if you would be able to fix that one or if you have already another one. Wasn't sure if you developed one?

D.

--- 帖子 #2379 ---
i cann't fix my kinoCcIRSI_v5 but i'still have it on all my screens !

i went to ZZ thread and don't believe this kind of indicators are useful

because we never know if it's definitevely a peak (or a valley) i'll see that tomorrow and i'll tell you my opinion.

i have developped another kind of indi with calculated StopLoss for buy and sell , just like the one , i've made for the ribbons (monitor ribbons) .

but for now i only concentrate my work on Demark and mouteki (and also on Point & figures).

kino

--- 帖子 #2380 ---
I agree with you that it is not very useful (all the time), but with other indicators it could give a good idea of an exit.

See ya.

D.

--- 帖子 #2381 ---
is ther en EA for this system?

--- 帖子 #2382 ---
Hi Jazz1964

I saw your screens here in FX-50 forum and enjoyed so much, could you please share this?

Sorry the bad english.

Suba

--- 帖子 #2383 ---
Hello all, thi system had a pretty good looking, i downloaded the indicators and readed a few pages (i want to read them all) but i saw in some examples that they have DOTS in main windows that I dont have in the tpl that I downloaded from the first page. What indicator is this? thanks

--- 帖子 #2384 ---
you have to go Post 1500

(monomonomono i have heard a song with the same name lol)

kino

--- 帖子 #2385 ---
thankyou kinonen, this is what i was finding, I already got it but i didn't know that it goes in "include" file jeje, this is a great system, I traded tonight with it and my first operation was a little lost, second one I exit with +15 pips (wanted to close half but i cannot), so I close the trade and prices still riding until 50 pips, I just take a little part of the trade but it was an incoming anyway. I will be reading all this thread.

--- 帖子 #2386 ---
you must put Priceseries.mqh in Include Folder and restat your Plataform

see post 1 in the zip file !

kino

--- 帖子 #2387 ---
Hey Kinon can you take a look at this and tell me if it can be done on post  #2381

Thanks

fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #2388 ---
ill check this system out!!!

--- 帖子 #2389 ---
Hey Kino..I am wondering if you can help, sort of

in the frame work of your 2 cci above 0 indicator

I think a big piece missing from this method and other

short time frame methods is knowing there is enough market

activity and volume for plays (and that its not a period

of consolidation likely)

I use the mtf waddah attar explosion for volume with this

setup, but also I use atr. What I think we need, for people

to just be able to throw on their charts is a bar like the

2 cci above/under 0 bar you made that shows

ATR 6 and ATR 36 and if both are above or below

15 as the benchmark level. Yellow for no

to not be confused as a down color indicator like

red.. and blue for yes.

That way you just do not trade if the atr bar is yellow

and you can trade if your trade setups with the atr

bar being blue.

It would be a big help...works for 1 min and I always use

on 5 min and would recommend everyone check it out..

if you are able to create such a bar for us?

Just atr 6 and atr 36 with a bar level of 15 so the

indicator would be 2 atr above/under 15 indicator

What do you think?

Brian

PS: And of course we would need to be able to enter the bar

level ie the 0.15 as default but some pairs need to be adjusted

and we would need to be able to enter the minimum bar level

and change it from the 0.15 default.

thanks

--- 帖子 #2390 ---
....  to just be able to throw on their charts is a bar like the

2 cci above/under 0 bar you made that shows

ATR 6 and ATR 36 and if both are above or below

15 as the benchmark level. Yellow for no

to not be confused as a down color indicator like

red.. and blue for yes.

and ....

ie the 0.15 as default but some pairs need .....

Ok i'll do that in a moment

be patient

kino

--- 帖子 #2391 ---
Ok i'll do that in a moment

be patient

kino[/quote]

here we are !

you have to check it because there are many atr indicators

i'have made this with the ATR function of mq4 language

the 2nd indic (on the graph) is another one i've made to choose my SL when i'm long or short (2xATR(10) away from the trade i've taken .

bye all

kino

--- 帖子 #2392 ---
he Brian

don't sure if i've understand this

Just atr 6 and atr 36 with a bar level of 15 so the

indicator would be 2 atr above/under 15 indicator

i make ATR6 & ATR36 > or < 0.15 is it good

or am i wrong ?

check please

kino

--- 帖子 #2393 ---
Thank you Kino!!

A great job..this is perfect.  I meant to say level of

0.0015 by the way for traders, I just updated it

in the mq4 and post it here.  Thanks again

Kino this is perfect.

Each pair is unique but for G/Yen this is correct

for G/U I use 0.0012, each pair has its setting

for correct atr level which you can easily determine

by the level of the 6 and 36 during most good moves

and set the benchmark for each pair yourself

traders.

Thanks again Kino.

Perfect.

Brian

--- 帖子 #2394 ---
Nice idea with the ATR stop loss channel too.. thanks!

Brian

here we are !

you have to check it because there are many atr indicators

i'have made this with the ATR function of mq4 language

the 2nd indic (on the graph) is another one i've made to choose my SL when i'm long or short (2xATR(10) away from the trade i've taken .

bye all

kino[/quote]

--- 帖子 #2395 ---
happy you like it !

kino

--- 帖子 #2396 ---
Hello all, I want to thank you JE, jazz and Kino for all the work they made here, I just finished reading ALL this thread, it was some but experiences pay... anyway i will check examples and I will start posting my trades . I a problem and its that I dont like my broker because its 4 pips Spread in EUR/USD and I want one with less spread but the problem is that I dont have VISA or Mastercard because I dont have work (I'm in second year of university). Anyway I'm looking for a low spread broker that uses MT4. any help? thanks.

PS: I will be waiting JE update in september

--- 帖子 #2397 ---
I had 3 MT4 installed and I had the same template in all of them but they look so different!! I was especting this trade but I didnt take it. Any help? how to solve it or what demo I can use to trade in my real? thanks

--- 帖子 #2398 ---
Hi All

i dont post often but im always lurking

Hey by the way maybe you would like this trailing stop EA, looks similar what you've described

** 5 Digits and 6 digits included (6 digits youll see 150 pips but in reality its 15 pips)

--- 帖子 #2399 ---
Thanks Maxzues I will check them out.

fxtrading24

--- 帖子 #2400 ---
Hi guys, I loose in this trade, anybody knows why market retracted? there was no divergence in cci, market wasnt in a big move and price bounced in M15 before. thanks

--- 帖子 #2401 ---
Refreshing the thread.

Anybody knows why my manually drawn lines disappear from the chart when I change the TF ?

2nd question: what (who?) is represented by each of the two edges of the ribbon? Just trying to have more understanding how the setup works. Went through the guide, sample charts and posts, but would like to feel the price/ribbon action before placing the entry.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2402 ---
Dear Kinonen. Revamp DoubleCCI-WithSMA modeled All Woodie CCI.Enough TF from M1 to H1.Main, that was 4 color (from 0 to 100), and SMA.

--- 帖子 #2403 ---
Dear Kinonen. Revamp DoubleCCI-WithSMA modeled All Woodie CCI.Enough TF from M1 to H1.Main, that was 4 color (from 0 to 100), and SMA.

--- 帖子 #2404 ---
sorry my friend but really don't understand at all what you mean/want ?

kino

--- 帖子 #2405 ---
Hi,Kinonen. Unfortunately, I do not speak English.

--- 帖子 #2406 ---
Hello, Kinonen.Indikator in the lower window, All Woodie CCI on a timetable shows all times. This is convenient. There is no need to switch to a different schedule. I want DoubleCCI-With SMA also showed all the periods in a single window, as this indicator is better. Unfortunately, I do not speak English.

--- 帖子 #2407 ---
We need to transform DoubleCCI-With SMA the model All Woudie CCI.

--- 帖子 #2408 ---
hello Kinonen, could you please add 2 on/off audio alerts for when the red/blue dots appear on the bars?

--- 帖子 #2409 ---
sorry i can't do that because it's almost 200 lines of coding

i haven't the time it's too long !

you know what ? i don't use all these indicators at all !

only cciWoodies pivots and SMA50

kino

--- 帖子 #2410 ---
ok i will try , but don't promise

( i have seen that someone add to my code fx prime dot)

bye

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2411 ---
Hi,Kinonen. Where can I find CCI Woodie pivots?

--- 帖子 #2412 ---
loool !  2 diiferent things !

CCI woodies you search CCI woodies mq4 on the web

and pivots = classic pivots

i have attached one but you can find a dozen on web !

kino

--- 帖子 #2413 ---
Hey Kino,

I have some idea regarding possible entry setup.

All I look at is:

1/ ZigZag pointer

2/ BrainTrend4Sig dot

3/ CCI 89 crossing 0 level

4/ dot on FXprime.

Important: all this must happen within about 15 candles (backtested on M1 and M5).

I'm looking for alert when all conditions are true within certain amount of time (eg. 15 candles).

Attached Image

Let me know if you'd be able to code it.

The Zigzag pointer with alert and nicer DoubleCCI with SMA are attached.

The rest was attached before in this thread, I'm sure you have it.

Thanks.
Attached File(s)   DoubleCCI-With_SMAvbobslowVK.mq4

7 KB
|
1,072 downloads

Attached File(s)   ZigZag_Pointer_alert_only at turning points.mq4

5 KB
|
1,001 downloads

--- 帖子 #2414 ---
Dear Kinonen .200 lines coding is not required. Enough of M1, M5, M15.M30, H1

--- 帖子 #2415 ---
I have been using the JE Ribbon system and have found it very good. I would like to share what I have found to be the real power in the system. I found using the TF1 ribbon allows you to be caught up too much in the whipsaw effect. I have found the real power to be in the TF5 ribbon. To be more precise - when the Tick Ribbon moves above and below the TF5 Ribbon. (I have found it easier to just have a 13 ema instead of the Tick Ribbon). Trading these ribbons provides very good risk/reward ratios most of the time and lets you cut your losses short and your profits run. I also use the double cci with sma with settings of 480 for the trend cci and 200 for the sma - this provides a very good filter for removing the crosses that dont go anywhere. S&R levels are important for exits along with Fib Extentions. It is the best system I have used and has produced consistent good profits. Below is an example of how it even works in a relatively flat market.

http://i5.photobucket.com/albums/y16...vot_210709.jpg

--- 帖子 #2416 ---
Hi there...

Care to share your lovely template.....TQ

Cheers...

--- 帖子 #2417 ---
So what exactly is your entry signal?

And, by having a trend cci of 480, you have to wait quite some time until entering the trade.

D.

--- 帖子 #2418 ---
Sure, no problem. The only extra indicator you may need is also attached.

--- 帖子 #2419 ---
For longs - when the 13 ema has moved through the top of the TF5 ribbon and the cci is green or has just crossed above the zero line.

For shorts - when the 13 ema has moved through the bottom of the TF5 ribbon and the cci is orange or has just crossed below the zero line.

The sma also gives a clue as to direction and the other higher TF ribbons along with fib and Murrey Math S&R levels give further evidence of how good the trade is and when to exit.

I am not interested in trading the short term chop, I want high probable trades and the 480 cci gives me that and works well with the 13ema/TF5 crosses.

--- 帖子 #2420 ---
Dear Kinonen .200 lines coding is not required. Enough of M1, M5, M15.

--- 帖子 #2421 ---
Hi DBZ,

Can you please post a zip that contains all the indicators and template in your TF ribbon picture above, I tried many times to load it, but the template always loads blank as if it can't find the indicators, and I have downloaded just about every indicators in this thread.

Thank you,

--- 帖子 #2422 ---
No problem, here it is.

--- 帖子 #2423 ---
Thank you very much for your reply, I got the files, put everything in experts/indicators, and the template in the templates, but I still don't get any ribbon when I load the template. Attache is what my chart looks like, I also take a shot of the indicators list that got loaded so that you can see if anything is missing.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #2424 ---
Did you also put the T3MA.mq4 indicator in your folder?

Without it, it will not work.

You can get the indy from the first page of this thread that is in the packed folder. Just downloaded, take out the indy and copy it in your folder.

Then it should work.

D.

--- 帖子 #2425 ---
Great, it works like a charm now.  Thank you very much, thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #2426 ---
Your welcome.

D.

--- 帖子 #2427 ---
thanks a lot , only the exit is still not clear, as fibos or murray could be targets that could not be reached or in the contrary could be broken, so which is exactly the indicator that shows you the exit, thanks?

do you trail it in any way or which fibo do you know is the good for exit and not next one. A suggestion could be when cci is above 100 and 200 ema to keep until exhaust, i dont know give me your opinion.

--- 帖子 #2428 ---
The easiest exit is when the 13ema crosses back into the TF5 Ribbon. However that is mostly a late exit and you will have given up profits. I use Elliott wave with Fib retracements and extentions. I look for clusters, ie,. on extentions after retracements I look for support or resistance levels and a murrey math level that fall on the extentions of 127%, 138%, 161% or even 261%. If there is a clear cluster then I will set my limit there. On retracement (counter trend) trades (which have to have a clear risk/reward of more than 2 to 1) I look for a cluster around the fib levels 38.2%, 50% or 61.8%.

I believe in the rule of not letting a winner turn into a loser. So I pull my stop up to break even when about 20 pips up and move it up under obvious pull backs. It is a juggling act of protecting your profits and still giving the trade room. Another method would be to keep moving your stop to just the other side of the TF5 ribbon.

You could also use the Smoothed Heikenashi candles as per FX-prime for your exits, but I also find them to give a late exit.

I am happy to hear any better suggestions.

I trade this system live on the Eur/Usd.

--- 帖子 #2429 ---
In case some are trying/using this system with my template, I have made an adjustment to the CCI/SMA settings - change the entry cci number to 300. This gives a better sma tradjectory.

Long entries - the cci must be above zero and above the sma and you must wait for the sma to also be above zero.

Short entries - opposite of above.

I have found this to filter out a lot of the trades that go nowhere. You must also pay attention to the higher TF ribbons as per J.E.'s recommendations.

--- 帖子 #2430 ---
sma still 162?

--- 帖子 #2431 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #2432 ---
Hello DBZ,

thank you for your work. I have everything download, but it is absent what with me. Can you give me missing indicatoren?

--- 帖子 #2433 ---
You must also be missing the T3MA.mq4 file.

--- 帖子 #2434 ---
I'm just curious, it that chart Demo or Live because the price ranges on my live IBFX account is totally different from what yours are on the exact same dates and times.

--- 帖子 #2435 ---
Live account. I am with GO Markets.

Sure you have the dates right, I just went back to double check that I did take the screen shot from my live account - it is as it was.

--- 帖子 #2436 ---
I recommend the use of the simulator posted back on page 92 of this thread. It is a great way to not only test a system, but also to cram a lot of learning and get to know a system.

I run it at full speed and when a signal is given, knock it back to normal speed, place the order, then crank it up again. Run it while the market is slow and you are waiting for a setup.

I have found it very helpful in getting to know when and when not to take a signal based on what the higher TF ribbons are doing.

--- 帖子 #2437 ---
It's a good system..thanks

--- 帖子 #2438 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #2439 ---
After some more intensive testing I believe I have improved the system even further. I have found it to be so, but you will have to test it and make your own judgement. In case anyone would like to test/use it I have attached it.

The cci is gone as the moving averages in the ribbons tell the same thing, so why have a double up of information. I have used sma's for the ribbons as I could get them to reflect price movement more accurately.

Fxprime is there just for extra confirmation.

The 2MA Crossover arrows are not an entry signal. They are just an early warning that an entry may be about to happen. This is so you dont have to sit there and watch the computer all the time.

Entry: When the 13ema crosses through the TF5 ribbon and fxprime says go and you have no obstruction from the higher TF ribbons.

Exit: When the 13ema crosses back right through the TF5 ribbon or when a fibretracement/fibextention is hit.

Stop loss: 5 pips or so under or above the TF5 ribbon (depending on long or short entry). If your risk level allows it, to give extra room place it under/above the previous swing high/low.

Happy Pipping!

--- 帖子 #2440 ---
hi dbz and thanks a lot 4 the template ,I only have one question ...for any reason i don`t see any arrows on my chart any idea why??and can u post u chart to see if it is the same that i have ..

thanks in advance .

--- 帖子 #2441 ---
Can you attached picture of where ENTRY, EXIT and STOP LOSS, for confirmation of our understanding. TQ

--- 帖子 #2442 ---
You must need the indicator attached.

Here is the current eur/usd chart. I went to bed early last night and missed that nice 126 pip trade. There was a similar trade the night before too. The circled trade is a trade I took this morning (Australian time). I exited early because of an announcement was due and I dont like taking trades or being in trades 30 minutes either side of high impact announcement. But 20 pips is a nice start to the day.

http://i5.photobucket.com/albums/y16..._55_300709.jpg

--- 帖子 #2443 ---
whats your priod on ma filled(orange color)thx

--- 帖子 #2444 ---
Hey dbz,

I just downloaded your setup and I have to say that you really monster modified the original system. Everything works as long as you make money with it, right.

Happy trading.

D.

--- 帖子 #2445 ---
Hai dbz,

your tpl "fx_55_system_1m.tpl" dont have FXPrime indi, appreciate you can share, i try to attached it but only 1 bar appear.

--- 帖子 #2446 ---
the template does not appear any ribbon.

--- 帖子 #2447 ---
This is how it looks for me. I thought I have downloaded all fx prime indicators long time ago.

--- 帖子 #2448 ---
hi ,i think that u need to download the indicator ...MA Ribon filled .89.21 is on post 2447.

--- 帖子 #2449 ---
Ah okay it's an old problem. I have to much indicators in my indicator list  and I have to delete another one in order to get a new one working. But I still miss the right fx-prime indicator.

--- 帖子 #2450 ---
yes I have to agree with you that it certainly is the ugly sister of the T3MA ribbon version, but I am not particularly concerned about how it looks. It gets you in earlier and with a lower risk/stop and has less stop outs.

I am not offering it as a replacement, just an option if anyone would like to use it. Yes, the other system does work, but I have found this better - just my personal opinion though. All I can suggest is that it be compared side by side with the T3MA version and you can make your own mind up whether you like it or not.

This system and thread has helped me and I am just giving some back based on my findings and testing in case I can help anyone else improve their win/loss ratio.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2451 ---
Hi ,i got 123ips on eur/usd today not bad ,good start for me.lets bring this thread alive again.

--- 帖子 #2452 ---
still no ribbons with all indicators attached, is there a way to put them up manually?

--- 帖子 #2453 ---
Well done mate!  Many more to come.

--- 帖子 #2454 ---
Yes. Use the 'MA ribbon filled.89.21' indicator with these settings:

Ribbon 1:

200

0

0

100

0

0

Ribbon 2:

720

0

0

480

0

0

Ribbon 3:

4000

0

0

1440

0

0

Color them as you like.

--- 帖子 #2455 ---
Hi,All.

I found this thread very interesting!Is anyone tell me the file"John Edwards trading style april 6th.pdf" still useful?

the kino_T3MA ribbon filled with 7  0.59 11 0.63 is TF1

the kino_T3MA ribbon filled with 27  0.72 36 0.54 is TF5

the kino_T3MA ribbon filled with 180  0.59 270 0.67 is TF15

the kino_T3MA ribbon filled with 540  0.59 810 0.63 is TF30

Am I right?

So  the kino_T3MA ribbon filled with 1080 0.59 1620 0.63 is ???

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #2456 ---
Yes still very useful. I prefer using simple moving averages for my ribbons as I find them more accurate, but that is a personal preference and having used the multiple ma guppy system in the past I have a good idea of how to read them. That pdf will teach you how to read the ribbons and use them. The ribbons are: Tick, TF1, TF5, TF15 and TF30.

--- 帖子 #2457 ---
nice to see this thread still alive

good luck

kino

--- 帖子 #2458 ---
I kind of cut and paste .tpl file, I think it look alright, what do u think =)

--- 帖子 #2459 ---
dbz -

you mention in earlier post u like FXprime V2a better, in march i think, do u still like that version now?

--- 帖子 #2460 ---
I took some serious pips today using this system on the demo, it is very simple but only when you test it on the simulator, does it start to make sense. Thank you very much for sharing.

--- 帖子 #2461 ---
DBZ thank you for the post ,just wondering? as I have been away from thread for a while where would one get some instruction for that template ? it is vastly different from the prime that I purchased when it became available

thank you

Allan

--- 帖子 #2462 ---
You will find it on page 164 and the simulator to test it for yourself on page 92 you will also find very good info on p1

Regards

--- 帖子 #2463 ---
Hi, If I may ask a silly question or two.

1. What is your settings on fxprime,

2. Is it possible to post a template with the fxprime you are using?

Regards.

--- 帖子 #2464 ---
No problem. Continue to learn how the ribbons impact on price movement and you will be very successful. It is a profitable system. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #2465 ---
I plan to put together an instruction manual showing how the ribbons impact on price movement and when to stay out etc., but I am quite busy at the moment so dont expect anything too soon.

As suggested by BlueBull the best thing you can do is run it in the simulator and you will get a good idea of it. Basic entry/exits are a few post back.

--- 帖子 #2466 ---
I just use the default settings of !FXprime_V2 which can download from the attachment page of this thread. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #2467 ---
Hi  and thanks  DBZ,  and   Blue Bull  for the replies, must admit to having old eyes and and struggle with all thing tech but keen to look that info up

cheers

Allan

--- 帖子 #2468 ---
I have seen pages from 100 to 126, I felt V2 is better than V3,

How do you think?

--- 帖子 #2469 ---
Hi guys,

I'm still on reading this forum and learning. I took a trade today but failed. Any comments for the reason of this fake signal ??

My SL is on the other side of 1TF.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2470 ---
I just taken this trade, I won 67 pips, I enter the trade because price entered to a no rejection zone and price wasn't strong for a while, my exit was based on noah's pigeon and the CCI divergence.

Any comments will be appreciated because I still learning.

--- 帖子 #2471 ---
Hello guys, look at this plz.

I entered at Num.1 for short but failed and out at Num.2. Perhaps the right enter should be made at Num.3. But how can distinguish the situation like this?

I'm still learning this system so need your help.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2472 ---
Hello Wakayama I'm in the same situation than you but maybe this can help.

1) I saw that in some cases before the "second high probability trade" appear a white dot in the fxprime v2 alerting the proximation of the trade (like you can see in your example).

2) Look at kijuntenkan to be aligned with 1M kino or going down 1M kino

(I think this is important)

3) Wait for the 5M kino to be wide and take trend.

4) wait for retracement of TrandCCi

If you take this as rule, you dont enter in trade 1 because rule 1,2,3 and 4

In trade 2 I spect price going down for elliot wave, not going up, anyway you can see trendCCi down and 5Mkino taking trend down.

In trade 3 you can see all 4 "rules" completed, an elliot wave move, TrendCCi strongth enought and CCi SMA crossing 0.

I hope this can help you.

Luis

--- 帖子 #2473 ---
Hi Luis, thx so much for your comments cos I'm really new and need help. Hope can improve my trading skills here.

In the pic before and at num.2, that's my exit position not an up trade enter. So any ideas for that exit? I knew it was a down-trend but gave up at last.

--- 帖子 #2474 ---
hello guys

I did a trade today, it seems everything's ok and price found a support at 1TF and 5TF ribbon, but still a failde trade. Why? Can you gime some comments about it?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2475 ---
You have to wait a little more that M1 kino has to be above 5M for a better probability; price goes above 5M and retraces to 5M and then running again (with CCi going above 67 then down and the above 67),  and when price crosses simultaneously 1M and kujintenkan or price crossing kujun tenkan win 1M over 5M and CCi crossing 0 or 67. I think this is a better entry point.

Luis

--- 帖子 #2476 ---
Look at the triangle that you draw, When the support (down line) was crossed it becomes a resistance, so maybe I waited to this libe to be crossed up to close my position

--- 帖子 #2477 ---
Thanks for the download,looking forward to demo your system,I will get back to you with results.Thanks Again

--- 帖子 #2478 ---
will you please post the indi of red line on your chart. thx

--- 帖子 #2479 ---
Hi Monomonono, thx for your comments and paitionce. It seems I really need to study harder.

I have recognized the importance of the relationship of 1tf and 5tf. As 1tf above 5tf, go long. But sometimes still confused for the situation :

in pic1 we can see good signals,
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

but in pic2, almost the same condition, signals went to die.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2480 ---
I don't konw which indi you want, can you say it more clearly?

Actually, everything you can download from 1st page of the thread, and so did I.

good luck

--- 帖子 #2481 ---
only the big red line up on your chart

--- 帖子 #2482 ---
got it, here you go

Attached File(s)   Pivot Points Multitimeframe.mq4

45 KB
|
827 downloads

Attached File(s)   Pivot Points Multitimeframe.ex4

50 KB
|
645 downloads

--- 帖子 #2483 ---
thx, no. its ribbon indi?

--- 帖子 #2484 ---
Kino are you around!!??

Kino or another programmer, could you please just add

a working alert to this indicator. It does not work!

Just alert ONCE per alert not constantly (as one version

I had of this) telling which pair the alert is on

and what time the cross occured.

Can someone please help?

Thanks!

Brian

--- 帖子 #2485 ---
Hi John

Long time no see.

Just checking up on my old favorite tread.

This tread and the system you came up with really set me off into the wonderful world of forex.  Since then I have developed my own style of trading using a little fxprime and a few other tips I picked up along the way.

Anyway, It was great to see you clocking in for a peek.

Cleartrade

--- 帖子 #2486 ---
Hi all, is Alpari-UK good for live trading this 1m scalping system? I see some of you use that broker's chart. In some situation, 1-2 secs execution delay means 1 or more pips difference, and that would affect if i only have 5-10pips targeting. How about it's requote?

Or... we must choose ecn broker?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2487 ---
In case you finished the instruction manual for your setup meanwhile, I am still VERY MUCH interested.

--- 帖子 #2488 ---
I still very interested too

--- 帖子 #2489 ---
I will start reading John Edwards instructions first, so I get a better idea what is what.

--- 帖子 #2490 ---
hello.

when i insert template on my chart only appear a chart+grid lines and later i can't insert any template.

i test 2 templates from page 1 (post #1) on more than 3 mt4 platform and is it not ok till now.

please help me.

can anyone write indicators name and setup's please?

regards

ali forex

--- 帖子 #2491 ---
My system went through further refinements and has not changed now in over 2 months. It is at the stage now where I believe it needs no further tweaking. I I am producing good consistent profits with it trading live.

Because I owe its foundation to this thread and some are still interested in it then I will post it here. I have no intention to creating its own thread anyhow. I just want to concentrate on trading. But if any are still searching for a system that they can use that works, then feel free to use/try this one.

FYI I use it on 12 pairs at once. It is quite easy to do this with this system.

Zip file attached with everything you need.

--- 帖子 #2492 ---
thanks a lot , very good manual

will try it on monday

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2493 ---
DBZ,,,,,Excellent,,,,Clear,,, thought out short term trend trading method! I like the approach of smoothing out the spikes and chop with the yellow 9sma,,,Along with the 3 tf rsi as a filter,,,Nice work,,,Thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #2494 ---
DBZ

GRACIAS.....THANK YOU.

Your fanclub here in MX is with you, mate.

--- 帖子 #2495 ---
I have attached an updated Guide that includes an extra page of the most common thing to watch for with signals. From time to time I will provide updates as I add trade setups to watch for.

Thanks for the comments. I am happy to help fellow traders become successful at Forex trading.

--- 帖子 #2496 ---
Thank you dbz it seems to work well, I will be waiting for more examples, anyway why you decided to cahnge from Ribborn to sma?

Luis

--- 帖子 #2497 ---
DBZ,,,,Thanks for the details on page 13,,,The eur/usd chopped this just like your example this morning until rolled over quite nicely...Collected 80+ ,And letting the balance ride,My stop will be cross of yellow against the green,I entered around 150.18,,,my stop would have been the yellow line crossing the red,,,kept me in the trade until the selloff!,,I can see the power of this system,,thx!!

--- 帖子 #2498 ---
Hello DBZ,

Nice system...Can you share the 12 pairs you're trading with this system?

Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #2499 ---
No problem.

I have them grouped as they relate to one another.

EURUSD, USDJPY, EURJPY. (The eurjpy movement is the eurusd x usdjpy.)

GBPUSD, GPBJPY, EURGBP. (The gbpjpy movement is the gbpusd x usdjpy)

AUDUSD, AUDJPY, EURAUD. (The audjpy movement is the aususd x usdjpy)

USDCAD

USDCHF

NZDUSD

If you do some research on Correlation you will get an idea of which move in relation to one another. For example the EURUSD and USDCHF mostly mirror each other, and the Commodity Currencies, AUDUSD, USDCAD, NZDUSD all tend to move similarly.

By watching so many pairs it gives you a better idea of movements and you can pick the best signal out of them for the best risk/reward.

cheers.

--- 帖子 #2500 ---
Ok, thanks DBZ, I know a lot about correlation and I was thinking I'd just trade a few pairs since there are a number of correlations thereby making my job a little easier.  Too many trades at one time can stress me at times, especially 1M chart trades.  Have you ever tested the system on longer-termed charts?

Thanks again.  I appreciate your reply and the info you shared.

--- 帖子 #2501 ---
I looked earlier on longer time charts, just for the fun of knowing what the setup looks like, but was gone SUPER fast, on top of that, trading M1 is my favorite, so did not feel disappointed.

Let's see what the master has to say.

--- 帖子 #2502 ---
I have a question about MTF_RSI because in the .pdf you say that you use 5, 15 and 60 RSI and in the .tpl that you atached you use 15,13 and 60.

Another thing is that it doesn't reload, im real with IBFX it happens to anyone more?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2503 ---
As per template its 15,30 and 60, shoult it be 5,15 and 60 ?

please advice.

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #2504 ---
Sorry, it is as in the template: 15, 30, 60. I found the 5 a bit too up and down.

--- 帖子 #2505 ---
I haven't tested it on longer times frames, but I cant see how it wouldn't work, especially on the 1 multiples, eg., H1 and D1 timeframes.

The only thing with using the longer timeframes is that your stop/risk will be more. On the flip side though, your reward will also be more.

H1 would be my pick. A quick look at the AUSUSD today with the template on the H1 chart, it would have worked quite well from the March 30 1440 cross.

--- 帖子 #2506 ---
Sweet little SMA system you've put together here.. Provides some nice opportunities to get in on some powerful breakout trades.

The pdf. was well explained and looked nice. Only thing I found that it did not address was consolidated, choppy markets.  Those can be tough on giving false signals w/ any system.

Thanks for the contribution.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #2507 ---
Working fine here, same broker, same setup.

--- 帖子 #2508 ---
Could you share that template, I can't seem to find that exact one.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2509 ---
Which template do you use?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2510 ---
I am always looking for new systems that actually work somewhat consistently, hopefully this will work

--- 帖子 #2511 ---
here is my take on 2 great systems merging into 1

--- 帖子 #2512 ---
Hi Dbz,

Thank you very much for your system and posts. I was just wondering how many signals on average can you get watching 12 pairs during the Euro & US trading session that fulfil the entry criteria you have outlined in the guide?

Regards,

P

--- 帖子 #2513 ---
Got my pips for the day   Short at 1.4790 out at 1.4763

--- 帖子 #2514 ---
Being in Australia I trade the Asian and half the London sessions. There are at least 3 good signals a day in these sessions. I quite often wake up to see really good signals and movement in the New York session particularly on the EURUSD. I only take one signal/trade at a time, but the reason I watch so many pairs is that it gives you a choice between the correlated pairs to pick the signal with the best position (risk/reward).

The system so far this month has shown a 72% success rate, and netted a 14% increase in my account. This could have been a more if I had of let more trades run. I am now seeing that using an M1 chart and a H1 chart together on the same pair improves targets and trade lengths.

If there is enough interest I may think about starting a new trading thread for this system where we can focus on it and use it to greater success.

--- 帖子 #2515 ---
In case you start that thread, count me in.

--- 帖子 #2516 ---
I am in Perth and trade the same times   we should start a chat site or skype so we can trade together

Using your system with some other indicators and charts I have had great success...cheers!  By the way I am in Perth.

--- 帖子 #2517 ---
Hi Dbz,

Thanks for yr reply. Much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #2518 ---
dbz I am in start a new thread and we discuss

--- 帖子 #2519 ---
Please consider myself as one of those traders who would be one of the first subscribers to such a thread.

Great system.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #2520 ---
Count me in please

--- 帖子 #2521 ---
DBZ...

I would strongly encourage you to start a thread for this system.  Just look at the 1m charts for your system this past week.  All I can say is AWESOME!

If only I would have been around to get some of those signals.. Your system finds the trend and keeps you in the trend.  I am pumped and sincerely hope that you will lead a thread or perhaps a chat room so others can see what I've been seeing... PIPS!

Again great work!  Come on back here and let us know your plans.

Thanks,

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #2522 ---
please consider me for the new thread. impressive work!

A new thread would help alot of vulnerable newbies who need your help.

Thanks,

Steve

--- 帖子 #2523 ---
Hey Guys,

I've been following this thread since the start and have been using John Edwards ribbon system for a while. I've noticed that most good setups tend to occur/start from the TF1 ribbon. That is once price is at/around Tf1 ribbon, I began to take a closer look for a setup. At present, I'm only focused on trading the  Eur/Usd and would like to know if it is possible to develop an alert on different pairs to signal when price touch TF1 ribbons. Any suggestions how to do this? One thing I'm thinking is to use 2MA alert but have not tested what values would best represent the price and TF1 ribbons for different pairs. Appreciate any advice from the wealth of experience on this thread. Maybe our indicator guru Kino can help.

Thank you.

Pipster007

--- 帖子 #2524 ---
hi pipster !

i don't want make others indicators for this thread , don't think it's an interesting and profitable system

i have made many and on march (or april) 22 or 27 you will find kino_pips to ribons or close above/under ribbons and other that could help you

you can go to
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...34759&page=144

kino

--- 帖子 #2525 ---
Hi Usdivers, I'm new to this thread, and I have read mostly everything, for the past week, I really like your screens and I was wondering if you could please post a zip file with your indicators and templates so that I can try them.  I do have a pretty good idea on how to set them up, but the first one that looks like a Renko chart with the M2 time frame that I really need the template file and indicators for.  So, thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #2526 ---
I have found that using the H1 along with the M1 chart tightens the system up further and improves it. I am currently looking at the correlations and what signals to take using the 2 timeframes together.

When I am happy that I have the system tight using the 2 timeframes together I will create a new thread for the system for anyone that wants to follow it or use it.

--- 帖子 #2527 ---
That's good news. Thanks for the update.

revrobwimb

--- 帖子 #2528 ---
Hi Kino,

I've been using this system for a while and have found it useful to identify breakout trades on the M1 charts. Obviously you need to filter this signals with a higher TF chart. I use M5 for this. And from my experience, the best trades usually start from the TF1 ribbon.

I've used the indis you mentioned but they do not have an alert feature and does not really meet what I'm looking for.

Was hoping for some ideas on  ways to alert for multiple pairs.

BTW,  does anyone know which thread  JE is working on currently? Am curious to know if he has any update planned for this ribbons  system. I think he mentioned he was working on something and planned to update around Sep/Oct.

Regards,

P

--- 帖子 #2529 ---
Hi guys,

Thank you for sharing the ideas.

The major problem is-all the indicators are based on "open" and "close" and sometimes on "high" and "low"... May be we should check the volume-it is power of the market!

I tried to create mtf_3xMFI, but with no result. We have very powefull tool-Volume Spread Analysis.

I count on Kino, we need something involving volume-100%!

Best,

vitall

--- 帖子 #2530 ---
hi  --- I didnt ever think about making an indy on volumes , will see if i can ; bu don't promise because working also my usual job !

kino

--- 帖子 #2531 ---
Hi all,

The blue 1440 sma isn't showing up on my chart can someone help me with this thanks

thatsgold

--- 帖子 #2532 ---
To Usdivers,

My good friend, can I have your indicators. I would like to try it.

Thank you

Jack man

--- 帖子 #2533 ---
Yes please post your 1 minute template and indicators!

thanks

Brian

--- 帖子 #2534 ---
hey the system you came out seems full proof, especially if moving averages gets crossed it makes total sense, couple of questions. I got this alert window and it says EURUSD (M1): EMA(13)crosses up SMA (1440). So the yellow line a blue line crossed. but it never did, also if it says up? does that mean i open a long? or means it went up so open a short?

--- 帖子 #2535 ---
Hi all,

I found the 1440 sma lurking on my chart, thanks.

Regards

thatsgold

ps. thanks dbz for your input.

--- 帖子 #2536 ---
Just a thought.  I really like this approach by the way.

But...if you change both the 13 MA on the chart and the 13 MA in the alert/crossover/arrow indy to a SMOOTHED MA...it totally eliminates the 15 plus crosses today.

just a thought.

Great work, and it is appreciated

--- 帖子 #2537 ---
This is really an amazing idea.  NICE WORK Dbz!!

--- 帖子 #2538 ---
thx dbz for sharing your system ...you are really good man

you really need to open a thread to discuss this system and more examples in the pdf for all visitors and when you do this post the link for it

and count me in

mina

--- 帖子 #2539 ---
Seems that it sends the audible/pop up alert fine...but when I look at the journal/expert...I see no mail is sent?

Anyone else have  an updated code that actually sends emails?

Thanks!

Darren

--- 帖子 #2540 ---
and the price hit the bottom of H4 channel , very big move

--- 帖子 #2541 ---
Hello USDIVERS,

Nice-looking charts.  Would you be so kind as to post the indicators and template displayed in post #2524?

Thank you very much.

=)

--- 帖子 #2542 ---
Hi

is it possible that you can program a simple monitor indicator like this:

Last CurrentRSICCIADXCANDLECANDLEWEEKLY30-15525REDREDDAILY40-10022BLUEBLUE4H36-5018REDRED60M40-2028REDRED5M607025BLUEBLUE

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #2543 ---
Can someone adjust this great mtf woodies double cci

OR create a new indicator that simple does the following:

Enter trend cci and entry cci..will ONLY alert

and draw arrows for the entry level cross

when the trend cci is at least at trend level

in same direction!!!

IE...  34 and 170 cci, 34 cci crosses 100 for example

the long level entry and since the 170 cci is above

50 the trend level entered, this cross signals.

If the 170 cci was below the 50 trend level, or

even worse opposite, ie a negative number

when the 34 cci crosses +100, there would be

no alert and cross arrows drawn.

Only alert when the entry cci crosses its entry

level AND the trend cci is at least at the trend

level entered or higher in the same direction.

Can someone please help!!!  Would be widely

loved believe me!

GF

--- 帖子 #2544 ---
Hello guys,

i would like to ask how much is it profitable this system?

How many avarage pips per month you can gain?

Best Regards

Patrick

--- 帖子 #2545 ---
It's totally up to you Pat.  The system is just a tool but can never replace the trader or his discipline.  The way you handle the set-ups, when you trade, how long you trade, all these things makes it impossible to give a accurate answer to an average ppm.  All I can say is that the system is good and I have been using it since the Canadian Dude days and have only seen it get better with contributions from other members.

Study the system but most of all Study Trading as a Profession.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #2546 ---
What a massive thread - looks like a good system but there is some reading to do here!

--- 帖子 #2547 ---
I must be missing something.  In the fxtrend master guide what MA is the yellow trigger line based on.

Thanks

Mombone

--- 帖子 #2548 ---
I would be interested in seeing, from someone else trading this a while... what does your current 1m setup look like now?

Thanks

Brian

--- 帖子 #2549 ---
i think my eyes are bleeding....what's worse, i think i'm going to have to read this thread again, compile all the relevant posts & pictures into my own "booklet" and review it.

So much information, and so "nuanced".....but right up my alley...no more toggling between time frames trying to remember what i saw in the last one.

i'm so greatful to all who contributed. Some of you (and you know who you are) are INCREDIBLY generous with your knowledge, participation, and insight.

thanx again.

--- 帖子 #2550 ---
Much of this system seems like a rip-off of a commercial system from Hector Deville at learnforexlive.com

I think it even uses his commercial indicators!

-JR

--- 帖子 #2551 ---
Hi J-r,

It seems you are completely new to trading for your conclusions are really way beyond any proportions of reality.

I have listened to the video's shown on the link you provided here. There is absolutely nothing new there. In fact it's classified old stuff. Trendlines and a breakout on the lowest trendline combined with the 123 system by Mark Crisp who put that system in a pdf in 2002. BTW Let me underline that I don't say that this won't work, cause it will work for some traders.

Obviously you haven't read this thread very carefully. I can't find any resemblance with any of the three systems being brought forward in this thread, least of all mine (starting on page 100).

John Edwards,

--- 帖子 #2552 ---
Apologies John Edwards. I meant to quote the post below from page 22 of this thread. Sorry to mislead you. No offence to you (or your system) intended.

-JR

--- 帖子 #2553 ---
jeez....been having a bit of trouble using this system profitably.... i wait until there's "blue sky" above, or "open sea" below...wait for Trend CCI to pass 67, for BrainTrend4sig to watch for FX-Prime to line up (double green, double red)...but i seem to be catching a lot of "roll-thrus".....or it goes nowhere, and i pull out at break even.

guess i need more screen time. and probably a live-in mentor LOL.

i take responsibility,

back to it.

--- 帖子 #2554 ---
Hi JE,

Great to see you back on this thread. Have you been developing this system anymore? I remember you planned an update sometime towards end of last year. Looking forward to hear from you.

Regards,

P07

--- 帖子 #2555 ---
J-r,

Thanks for the reply. I see what you mean.

Have a nice day, John

--- 帖子 #2556 ---
Hi Pipster,

You are right. At some time I planned to continue developments on this thread, however that's not possible for the time being with regard to conflicts of interest.

Regards, John

--- 帖子 #2557 ---
Hi,

I am not really interested in other teading systems. Each trading system is really like having a business. Best to focus on one. Each has it ups and downs.

Best to stick to one and really get to know it then to jump around from method to method.

Good trading system:

1) + expectancy

2) Low risk

3) Wins over the long term

4) Completely automatic and automated. This is a huge factor for me. I'd rather make 20% on auto pilto then 30% bu have to watch the markets all day.

The biggest problem most new traders face is they are bombarded with get rich quick....Lower your expectancy and decide if trading is for you or not. This isn't a hobby.

--- 帖子 #2558 ---
Hi John,

That's a shame as I do think your system has very good potential in identifying

potential high probability trades, especially when combined with price action on higher TF. I know I've learned a lot from your  setups.Though I'm still not as consistent as I'd like to be yet but getting there.

Regards,

Pipster

--- 帖子 #2559 ---
the system is not bad ... however it's too complicated too much indicators, too much colors, too much ribbons... why make complicated man?

--- 帖子 #2560 ---
Hi Mistersimple,

Do you have a useful system that helps identify high probablity trades as well as JE? Would love to hear from you about it. Thanks.

Happy pipping,

P07

--- 帖子 #2561 ---
if you sum up all the systems 90% are breakouts and the rest antibreakouts

and it's all about EMA tunnels/crosses, channels and pivots. thats it nothing more.

i m not pretending to teach nobody im 0 at fx as i know so little ... but if you trade simple you have no regrets...

you have supports and resistance (no matter weekly box, daily or intraday box) which will be broken even on armageddon day ..  and yes its working... then why im here? im just curious and want to learn more...

optionally i like 89 ema ... and Gann's grid to be complete

hve a nce wkend

--- 帖子 #2562 ---
I have downloaded the pdf and looked the charts, but, due to mine limitations, I see only the star trek cockpit

but, if it is profitable congratulations.

Regards

--- 帖子 #2563 ---
How many risk lots/order should be for this system?

--- 帖子 #2564 ---
yes no resemblance but , even if i am no more on this thread

i can send you 2 indicators that show 123 on screen

hey , John a long time we don't see you ,( i've thinking you was too busy with the system ribbons we've made together , i was a little disappointed when you've disapeared )

bye all

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2565 ---
Hi Kino & JE,

Hope you are able to see this message. I've been trading quite successfully  using the ribbons very expertly developed by Kino and many thanks for that.

Recently,  I downloaded fxdd Mt4 build 225  and  onecfd MT4 build 225. I tried installing my templates with the "kino_T3MA ribbon filled" indi but it doesn't display any ribbons and hangs both the platforms.

It works fine on my previous  fxdd Mt4 build 224 and earlier version. As I am not a coder, I really have no idea how to fix this problem. I really hope you can help me resolve this as the ribbons are  the one indicator that is essential for my trading method. Frankly, I can't trade without them having used them for such a long time.

Please please  help me fix this.

God Bless,

P07

--- 帖子 #2566 ---
i also have meta v 225 , so i will try to see that

but only on thursday

are you sure you have put in the folder all indicators and especially T3MA ?

kino

--- 帖子 #2567 ---
Hi Kino,

Build 225 seems to have a problem. I downloaded build 226 for onecfd platform and the ribbons work fine there. The problem is still there on fxdd build 225. I will check if there is build 226 for fxdd and if it works.

Thank you once again for all your assistance.

Regards,

P07

--- 帖子 #2568 ---
it's good ; i'm glad for you

i don't use ribbons at all , but ichimoku breakout kumo and kijunsen

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2569 ---
Hi Kino,

Can you post some examples of the breakout system you use? I'm looking for a good breakout system as well for M5 TF and have been trying a few things.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2570 ---
here 2 examples of BreakOut Kumo o, TF15 but it's the same thing on TF5

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2571 ---
Hi Kino,

Looks very interesting. Can you explain a little about your entry rules and possibly  post your tpl with indis? Don't think I have all the indis?

Regards,

P07

--- 帖子 #2572 ---
Hi all,

i've been testing this system on fxopen, gotrader and ibfx demos and so far so good, i even tried it live on forex.com mini account (watching movements on demo and trading it on live since it's not mt4). I was wondering if there is an EA for it or is there one in the works? I'll love to try it on a live mt4. Thanks for all the hard work put into this system.

--- 帖子 #2573 ---
Hi Kino or someone familiar with the ribbons,

I really like the ribbons, they give a fast and clean view. Guess not everyone has the same needs when it comes to looking at charts, very nice that you've shared this indicator.

One question, the ribbons on my 1min chart only go back about a day or so and under properties I can't change the number of bars to go back. Is there any way that I can enlarge that number or wouldn't that be possible at all?

Would really appreciate anyones help. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2574 ---
Please do post the indicators and a template of the system displayed in post #2578.  I would really appreciate it.

Thank you very much.

=)

--- 帖子 #2575 ---
Hi There,

In order to import more 1 minute bars you can do the following:

- press and hold 'Home' key (fn+left arrow on Mac) on desired 1 min chart until the chart stops

scrolling. It will download more bars from the server. The fastest way doing it is to zoom out

maximally the 1 min chart first and then press the 'Home' key.

- alternatively you can go to the history center (press F2), select desired symbol's 1 minhistory and press the 'Downlad' button.

Hope this helps

P07

--- 帖子 #2576 ---
Hi pipster,

Thanks, it's not that there isn't enough 1min bar data, but that the ribbon stops about 1 day back on a 1min chart.

pbb

--- 帖子 #2577 ---
i have changed the code so you can have more longer ribbons

just attached below

choose what you want on settings NbOfCandles = 5000 or higher

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2578 ---
Thanks for that!

PB

--- 帖子 #2579 ---
Hi Kinonen

Tks 4 ur contribution and sharing, I like the representation in ribbons, would appreciate if you or some one in this forum can explain how to use it, any document in the forum?

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #2580 ---
attached pdf of this system

have contributed but i don't use it

prefer ichimoku and cciWoodies

kino

--- 帖子 #2581 ---
Hello Kinonen,

Can you please post the indicators and template file for the system displayed in post #2578?  It would really be appreciated.

Thank you Kinonen.

=)

--- 帖子 #2582 ---
hi guys, i have read the first post... but how do i get those indicators? i don't have them in my list...

--- 帖子 #2583 ---
Hello Kinonen,  It would really help if you could post your breakout system, but if you prefer, you can email your breakout system that's displayed in post #2578 "here 2 examples of BreakOut Kumo o, TF15 but it's the same thing on TF5" to me at jicssbr@yahoo.com.

Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #2584 ---
indics in zip.file attached

you've asked

( change hours in settings for the break london because you are in US)

kino

--- 帖子 #2585 ---
at the top of the page you will see

page XX of XX  and just after that on the right click on the clip

and download indics , pdf , screens , doc ..

kino

--- 帖子 #2586 ---
Hi Kino,

I've tried downloading your files but it always comes up as "attachment.php". Is there somehting I'm doing wrong?

--- 帖子 #2587 ---
Thank you very much.  I'll see if I can get it setup with the correct hours settings here in the US.  Really appreciate it Kinonen...

=)

--- 帖子 #2588 ---
Hi Kino,

In the kino_spanAB_twist indicator what do you mean with:'if you want actual position futur=0' under inputs?

Thanks PBB

Kino, I just had a better look and do understand what it means. Can you give me some clue why you would look back 26 periods? I don't understand the logic behind that.

Thanks PBB

--- 帖子 #2589 ---
You are right dont change settiings i made that to see if tje indic is good and change color at the right moment so you can forget it works good

kino

--- 帖子 #2590 ---
I like the indicator, is there a post on FF where you introduced it. I like to see what the logic is or some set ups in the past when you started using it.

Thanks again, great indy!

Well I see the logic now and have to say that the indy is brilliant in showing what is needed while keeping your chart clean. This is a great one Kino!!

--- 帖子 #2591 ---
Hello Kinonen,

I've setup the indicators you were so nice to post for us, but I don't have the top indicator (as seen in the picture in post #2578) that looks something like a CCI with lines crossing and corresponding arrow Buy and Sell signals.  Can you please post that indicator as well?

Thank you very much.

=)

--- 帖子 #2592 ---
here ya go........

--- 帖子 #2593 ---
new version
very  important modification
(usual arrows) and big arrows now : appearing when big cci is already "good" and the second one  crosses limit in the same direction ,
so you can try this new one
trade when the big arrows appear  and when there is a break kumo !
(for RSI colors = Red < 45 & Green >55  no more Yellow)

KINO

--- 帖子 #2594 ---
CJD and Kinonen,

Thanks a lot for the indicators.  I really appreciate the quick replies.  I'll give them a try.  Take care.

=)

--- 帖子 #2595 ---
here is a screen

wait for a break of kumo and a great arrow , see before if prices are not too close of the cloud above (or below) when you trade "INTER-CLOUD"

try on demo & all currencies

kino

--- 帖子 #2596 ---
Hey Kinonen,

Your Kinonen Scalping indicator is really nice.  Thank you for all you do.

=)

--- 帖子 #2597 ---
Kinonen,

Thanks a lot for the chart picture.  Pictures always help!  Are you using a default Kumo on that 30M chart?  I haven't worked much with Kumos so I need to get caught up on how it works for displaying support and resistance.

=)

--- 帖子 #2598 ---
put this mtf_indic in folder and use the template

don't forget to restart your metatrader program

you can change TF and add other clouds (change tf period in settings)

kino

--- 帖子 #2599 ---
Ok, thanks for the additional screen shot, instructions, indicator and template.  So when you say "Inter-cloud," you mean when price action is between the two Kumo clouds as seen in the last screen shot, right?

Thanks again.  Great instruction!

=)

--- 帖子 #2600 ---
Thanks Kinonen, I have been following this and trying to use it. Is this a manual system or automated. I have been entering my trades and always miss the price indicated. Please advise. Thanks again

--- 帖子 #2601 ---
Hey Kinonen,

I've been looking at your system but I don't really understand it fully. Can you point me in the right direction of where I can read up on it? I understand that JE's way of trading is a little different from what you're doing.

Thanks mate

--- 帖子 #2602 ---
hi

nothing more than said a few posts higher

i'm looking for arrows (big or thin) and when we have also a break of kumos and when RSI is green (longs) or red (shorts)

kino

--- 帖子 #2603 ---
Hello Kinonen, i saw you did extensive coding with with moving average ribbon. Great job.

I am using ribbon and rectangles aswell.

I have little issue with ribbon, that it interfere with rectangle.

In attachement is example.

Is there a way to make rectangle appear above the ribbon?

J.

--- 帖子 #2604 ---
hello from greece !!

I study the system,and reading the pages

it seems that it's a very good system ...

thanks to all the guys that made and evolved the system..

talking about high probability trade...
http://i405.photobucket.com/albums/p..._14_7_2010.png

--- 帖子 #2605 ---
Hi Zeuspower, would you mind sharing your indy/template or refer to the post in the thread?

Thanks, pbb

--- 帖子 #2606 ---
hi

yes , i have contribued a lot on these ribbons , but i don't use this system at all and , about your question , perhaps you can try this :

edit your rectangle and on Common settings you have to UNCLIK (don't know if it"s the good word)  DRAW OBJECT BACKGROUND ?

kino

--- 帖子 #2607 ---
Thanks for reply Kinonen,

I have discussed it in parallel on another forum, unfortunatelly, its not possible to change it according to their coder.

I have tried before this unclick "draw object as a background", you recieve only rectangle without filling.....

Shame, would be good addition to this....but nevermind.....

Thanks your effort Kinonen,

Jay

--- 帖子 #2608 ---
@pbb,

I am testing the system with various indie ,but the main system is what you see in page 1 + rsi from kino

only the range factor is different,it shows if a price is in range (not perfect,but it helps me.

--- 帖子 #2609 ---
why do you use RSICCI kino (24 79) and Trend CCI (21/79) you can take off one of them , more place for graph ?

kino

--- 帖子 #2610 ---
[quote=jay90;3872695]Hello Kinonen, i saw you did extensive coding with with moving average ribbon. Great job.

I am using ribbon and rectangles aswell.

I have little issue with ribbon, that it interfere with rectangle.

In attachement is example.

Is there a way to make rectangle appear above the ribbon?

it works like i have said higher

proprieties of rectangle , you should have no X  (background)

kino

--- 帖子 #2611 ---
@Kinonen,you are ,of course,right about the rsi...

well today eur_chf gave me a nice 25 pips...(live account)

of course i am still on testing the system...

i was wondering,is there away to monitor the main currencies for

nice high prob setups ,and take advantage ? (a solution would be to have

opened multiple windows with the currencies of course,but is another way ,some indie-monitor like ?)

--- 帖子 #2612 ---
as i said , i don't trade this ribbons , and i want to show you why

i have made this screenshot of EURCHF to compare with your live trade ;

so with 4 kumos  1 / 5 / 15 / 30

and Tenkan & Kijun from ichimoku 1min

so when you see kumo 1min crosses the 5min (rectangle in Red) prices are on in rectangle blue (26 candles before rectangle in red)  you take long here because all kumos are below prices , CCI and RSI are OK

and tenkan/kijun crossed just before (inside kumo5 in Aqua)

LONG @ 1.3658 and close at round price 1.3600 where Heiken ashi is red now

but if you are confortable with ribbons why not

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2613 ---
as i said , i don't trade this ribbons , and i want to show you why

i have made this screenshot of EURCHF to compare with your live trade ;

so with 4 kumos  1 / 5 / 15 / 30

and Tenkan & Kijun from ichimoku 1min

so when you see kumo 1min crosses the 5min (rectangle in Red) prices are on in rectangle blue (26 candles before rectangle in red)  you take long here because all kumos are below prices , CCI and RSI are OK

and tenkan/kijun crossed just before (inside kumo5 in Aqua)

LONG @ 1.3658 and close at round price 1.3600 where Heiken ashi is red now

but if you are confortable with ribbons why not

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2614 ---
@kinonen,

I searched through the attachments,and i am little confuse,finding this tpl+indies,except rsi/cci

,if you like,post them ...

--- 帖子 #2615 ---
Hi Kinonen,

Do you use the regular settings for the kumo?

Thanks PBB

--- 帖子 #2616 ---
yes i do use the regular settings

and 3 times the = mtf ichimoku v1 you can find higher

kino

--- 帖子 #2617 ---
hi

just attached what you asked

(for kino ccirrsi   settings 100 / -100 instead of +-67 )

kino

--- 帖子 #2618 ---
MY english are a little rust...

i meaned,i already have the rsi/cci but no the kumos and the tpl

sorry for the mess !

--- 帖子 #2619 ---
Ok will srnd you that tomorrow because everithi

g you asked on another computer

kino

--- 帖子 #2620 ---
here are attached templates for 4 kumos

for upper TF and lower TF

with indicators

choose your settings for crossinggs cci +/- 67  or +/- 100

kino

--- 帖子 #2621 ---
thanks,i am on vacations,so i'll demo your setup !!

--- 帖子 #2622 ---
Thanks, it is nice.  But where is the chikou span and how can it be added?

--- 帖子 #2623 ---
you choose the "current" mtf ichimoku v1 and on settings you change color NONE with another color

kino

--- 帖子 #2624 ---
Got it.  Thanks kino

--- 帖子 #2625 ---
Kino thanks for all the ribbons use them on the one minute time frame but really like your ICHI on 15 minutes. Nice work. I changed it a little for old eyes. LOL.

I have read the whole thread from the beginning. Love the mtf setups. Thanks to John and all who have contributed.

--- 帖子 #2626 ---
I just wanted to attach a chart to show the power of what Kino has done with the ICHI. This is a Bare 15 minute chart with no indicators. The Senkou Span B is the flatter thicker part of the Kumo Cloud. Just like with the RIBBONS you can see how resistance and support can work off of each time period Kumo and Senkou  Span B. I also attached an excellent pdf on the ICHI by some pros who trade this style. I will also attach my template which emphasizes those areas that are important to understand by there thickness. You will see on the chart I posted how price once clear the 15 Minute  Senkou Span B than finds resistance at the 30 minute and 60 minute Senkou Span B before breaking free for a short long. You can also see nicely how the Senkou Span B than switches to become the flat base of each Kumo cloud on all the time frames. If you look to the dark brown area of the right bottom corner of the  template you can see that on the 4 hour kumo the SenKou Span B would already have to be support because all you can see is Senkou Span A. This is another really GREAT contribution Kino has made to this thread taking what he has learned and applying it to the ICHI. It also is in line of John's very visual way of trading the RIBBONS. It also works just fine with the FX indicator system settings for the CCI. The power of the ICHI is it can be a whole system without indicators at the bottom of the chart. The ICHI was designed so you could trade with out indicators. I have always liked the ICHI but this MTF view of it is extremely powerful and what I have been looking for to trade it.

--- 帖子 #2627 ---
[quote=slowkey;3916676]I just wanted to attach a chart to show the power of what Kino has done with the ICHI. This is a Bare 15 minute chart with no indicators. The Senkou Span B is the flatter thicker part of the Kumo Cloud. Just like with the RIBBONS you can see how resistance and support can work off of each time period Kumo and Senkou  Span B.  etc ..

thanks a lot for this kind words , realy appreciate ;

as i said somewhere (posts above) with mtf ichi  you have all the necessary material to trade = > just look at the kumos , and especially when there are all in a good arrangement 15 30 60 240 , you look at :

for example (see the screen of SLOWKEY) for a buy :

1°) cross kumo15 with the 30 , (at this moment you are at -26candles)

don't see well but around 5h45

2°) you see there is (very often) at this moment a TK cross

(green line crossed red line on the screen posted)

3°) you see also that Chikou is above prices

so you can go long  @ 136.18 and put a SL bottom of the green kumo , and you will move it higher after , for example -10 below Kijun

and wait for TK cross to exit or exit on SL

ICHIMOKU is magic

kino

--- 帖子 #2628 ---
Your Welcome Kino,

Thanks for the Magic MTF ICHI

thanks a lot for this kind words , realy appreciate ;

as i said somewhere (posts above) with mtf ichi  you have all the necessary material to trade = > just look at the kumos , and especially when there are all in a good arrangement 15 30 60 240 , you look at :

for example (see the screen of SLOWKEY) for a buy :

1°) cross kumo15 with the 30 , (at this moment you are at -26candles)

don't see well but around 5h45

2°) you see there is (very often) at this moment a TK cross

(green line crossed red line on the screen posted)

3°) you see also that Chikou is above prices

so you can go long  @ 136.18 and put a SL bottom of the green kumo , and you will move it higher after , for example -10 below Kijun

and wait for TK cross to exit or exit on SL

ICHIMOKU is magic

kino[/quote]

--- 帖子 #2629 ---
hello from greece,again !

I'm beginning to like ichi...

one question (today i started reading the ichiwiki..):

when the price penetrate and when finds sup/res at the ichi ?

when is thin is more like to penetrated by the price ? am I right ?

--- 帖子 #2630 ---
Not sure what you are referring to by "ichi". There are 5 lines in ichimoku. The kumo (formed by the 2 senkou spans lines) is the cloud, and yes, it is support and resistance, and more when thick and less when thin.

--- 帖子 #2631 ---
Hi Kino,

After looking at setups on multiple time frames I think this MTF Ichimoku just looks stronger all the time. It is especially strong on the smaller time frames where dynamic support and resistance help greatly with entries and exits. At some point I think this System deserves a thread of its own. I am not sure anybody has put together a tool like you have to do this before and if they have I bet they are keeping it very secret LOL. At some point I would be willing to start a thread if you are ok with that. For right now I need to study it more. You might want to start a thread your self. This thread here has run on for a long time. While a great thread it is showing little activity presently which is also do to its long length. The MTF Ichimoku deserves a thread of its own at some point. I will also have to find a way to get junior removed from my member name I suspect. At 57 and retired it does seem a little strange LOL.

ICHIMOKU is magic

kino[/quote]

--- 帖子 #2632 ---
This chart looks congested at first but watch how there is a high probability cross of the green TENKAN SEN above the white KIJUN SEN at the yellow arrow. It than rises through the gray 30 minute time zone spans A and B but takes its time. It hesitates at the red Senkou Span A (dashes) of the 240 minute. It crosses after some hour hesitation at the 60 minute green thick Senkou Span A. It than jumps to the red thick Senkou Span A of the 240 minute time zone. After several hours it breaks through until price finally exhaust itself. It than is falling back to the base 15 minute time zone of the chart where it starting to catch support from the aqua A Senkou Span.

At the same time you will see on the chart each time zone Ichimoku do the a Senkou Span Twist with resistance becoming support. Looking at a chart with the Kino Ichimoku tool is fascinating. Seeing support like this can help you stick with a trade longer than you might if you were looking a chart with out the Kino Ichimoku tool. .

--- 帖子 #2633 ---
This is not a trade but here is a ranging EURCHF chart right before FOMC today. I was wondering what the influence of the 1440 time period or Daily Senkou Spans would be on a chart as small as  the 15 minute chart period. The purple line is the Senkou Span A of the 1440 as it runs through the 15 minute and 30 minute clouds. I just put the spans of these large time periods because their clouds are often so big you are trading inside them or outside them. I do the same thing with the 240 minute. Multiple times price comes down and touches the purple span and at the end is consolidating around the span. Every higher time period span can impact the 15 minute chart. So to some up. The chart is based on the 15 minute period with the Ichimoku of this period the primary trading system. The higher time period Ichimoku clouds and their spans can be seen on the chart except for the 240 minute or 4 hour and 1440 minute or Daily. With these I just place the spans not to clutter the chart. They are there to see resistance and support. It would seem that the Kino MTF ICHIMOKU displays dynamically support and resistance. The trend CCI is there with the -67 to 67 area blacked out as a filter. I also use a multi-time period RSI as a filter on my chart. All ideas from this thread. There is an ATR superimposed over the CCI as a volatility or enthusiasm indicator often getting an increase in ATR prior to a big move. I use tick volume on my charts and find it useful.

--- 帖子 #2634 ---
I tried this and still get the vertical kumo lines showing up, though they are in black, they still block out stuff they are overtop of. Is there a way to set them so that that do not plot on the chart?

It might be better to discuss this on one of the ichi threads. This thread was for a different system.

--- 帖子 #2635 ---
I set all the color settings to none accept the setting for the spans. The bottom 2 colors.

I was hoping that maybe Kino might want to start a new thread.

--- 帖子 #2636 ---
Yes, I set the colours to none as well, but it changes itself to black later.

I think it may depend on the order the indicators are installed.  If the day MTF Ichimoku was the first one installed then it would not matter if they were black lines as the other indicators would be installed over top of it.  Since I installed it last the black lines are over top of other the other indicators which were installed before it.

I'm trying to edit to code now so that the clouds of the spans will not get plotted. I'm not entirely sure what I am doing though I can understand some of it.

Kino is posting on the other ichi threads as well as this one.  The ribbon idea was fairly close to ichimoku, but I think ichimoku has more going for it.

--- 帖子 #2637 ---
I am not sure than. Kino would be able to tell you probably. I will check out the other thread and thanks for the info. It would be better to discuss in the Ichi thread.

--- 帖子 #2638 ---
Took me awhile to catch up with this tried, plenty of great knowledge and system development.

I've been using this approach for the past few weeks and it's great except one thing, when the buy signal or sell signal comes out it's not very accurate. Sometimes, it comes out too early. Which would be like a false signal, if the trend continues the signal indicator would move to the next lowest point or highest point of entry depend if it's a buy or sell. This is very troubling.

Sometimes when the signal comes out, the trend still kicks in about 45-60 pips before it follow suit with the signal indicator. Two things I want to ask everyone opinion on.

1. Is it possible to throw in another indicator to show what's the percentage of that signal given?

2. Is it possible to using something like the Martingale or increase your lot when the false signal comes out. Adding lots as the signal moves to the next lowest low or highest high before the reversal, then cutting either profit or losses when the signal gets triggered again the opposite direction?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2639 ---
Hi everyone!

I just have downloaded scalping system with John Edwards stile manual, temtlate and ofcourse all indicators from 1st page of this forum. Then i got John temtlate from 100 page.

I cant get the same setup as explained in manual or shown (all downloaded tps look different) at 100 page( Could anyone explane me what went wrong? Were can i find rigt temtlate for atleast to look at it and at signals it gives?

Please help

--- 帖子 #2640 ---
Happy trading to all,

Just wondering if anybody is still actively using this system? maybe we can start dicussion again about the system. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2641 ---
am still fully concentrating on this system since it's still capable of catching some cool pips, especially the one with the template that contains those beautifully coloured T3MA ribbons,why i like this system is b/cos of it's multi_time frame observation via the ribbons,i wish somebody can code a perfect and well optimized EA with this system,i'll be extremely grateful infact i'll carve the person's nickname on my wall

--- 帖子 #2642 ---
Hi lyondegreat,

Can you post the template you use and what MT4 build do you use? I wonder if the ribbons work properly with MT build 392. I stopped using the ribbons some time ago as it seemed to have some problem with the newer builds. My PC use to hang up when the ribbons are on.

Regards

--- 帖子 #2643 ---
i use the fx50 indies and  the action dat dat dat coloured template on the first post with MT4 build 2** not really sure of the build cos am not on my pc right now,i'll check the exact build for u later.i noticed hang ups too when i updated my MT4,so i redownloaded the old terminal and re-use it.

Hope dat works for you.

--- 帖子 #2644 ---
I too would be intrested in contributing, also may be work looking at traiangles / neting off combinations

eurgbp

eurusd

usdgbp

outright signals for each one, then net off ?

--- 帖子 #2645 ---
Hi,

thanks for your reply. just curious though, how do you re-download the old terminal? would like to re-try the ribbons on a system i'm working on.

regards

--- 帖子 #2646 ---
Sorry dude,

I use MT4 with build 392,i downloaded mine from Instatrader. com broker site,which system are you working on? Is it for scalping?

--- 帖子 #2647 ---
wierd, i'm using build 392 from fxdd and it hangs my PC. will try with Instafx and see later.working on a trend breakout system, hoping to use the ribbons as additional confirmation.

--- 帖子 #2648 ---
If it works for you,let me know,you can post it here

--- 帖子 #2649 ---
Very nice thread!

Its amazing to see how people screw the whole system after all..

Its a waist of time to read further in this thread after the publishing of John Edwards last publishing system v3.1 and v3.2 on page 125(except for the changes made in version 3.12)..

Its a shame that the indicators he used are so poorly documentaded as well. You have realy now idea whats going on untill you try to understand the code inside. No notes in the codes as well and I'm not much of a programmer so understand little..

Anyone some proper documentation on the following indi's?

-FXprime_V2Final JE

-BrainTrend4Sig

-Double-CCI-With_SMA

Thanks

Mark

--- 帖子 #2650 ---
I concurr with you but i seems you're statement is harsh,pls i'll like someone to give a proper and updated documentation of this scalping system with the Entry and Exit Signals and also with the updated version in a compressed format(zip). Thank You

--- 帖子 #2651 ---
Join Permit ..........

I also like scalping usually at 5m time frame. So to 1m time frame is something exciting and new for me

--- 帖子 #2652 ---
Yes this has a long evolution to it and newcomers can be confused.  However, if you go to page one and get the PDF and start readjng the PDF from page 21 you will get the gist of the current trading process.

--- 帖子 #2653 ---
como puedes poner la foto en el avatar de un asesino?

--- 帖子 #2654 ---
We all figth our own civil war out there isnt it?!!

--- 帖子 #2655 ---
For a simple Guide that you can Tweak on your own by using this Strategy see page 90 post #1346

also it's still important to view the 1st post for the full Guide of the main Strat of FX50

--- 帖子 #2656 ---
Can you upload indicaor and Temple . Thanks

--- 帖子 #2657 ---
I'm newbie in this system...

Please help, I've downloaded and extracted "kino_T3MA ribbon filled" in Metatrader 4. But when applied, the the indicator is not visible in the screen. For anyone who ever got this problem, please help.

--- 帖子 #2658 ---
Same with me too

--- 帖子 #2659 ---
Please use V.6 from #Post 2,585.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...04#post3733104

--- 帖子 #2660 ---
Guys,

Normally I do not have issues with loading templates, indicators, experts, etc, but for the life of me I can not figure out why the ribbons will not display. See the included screenshot for what I am seeing.

Any help appreciated.

--- 帖子 #2661 ---
If you use templates from the 1st post , it is not Ribbon V.6.

Have you try to load kino_T3MA ribbon filled_v6.mq4 from the link above on your  new blank chart?

You can try template V6 attached.

--- 帖子 #2662 ---
i read and try again and again .. but ribbons r not showing at my chart .. my chart is also showing simple ..as  ron 3226.... said ..  no error no fault.. may be becoz MT4 has news version in last5-6 years ? any body can help us ?

--- 帖子 #2663 ---
Hi ,

I try to help as much as I can. Please provide me more info .

1. Do you use the ribbon version 6 ? ('kino_T3MA ribbon filled_v6.mq4')

Have you ever try to load only the Ribbon on the clean chart ?

If not , please do some test using the attached, it 's working properly for me. And let me know the result. You can post some screen shot on the Thread.

2. I had used this system on some brokers ie. Instraforex and now I can use it on FXOpen Build 765 (12Dec2014). What are the brokers you have tried ?

--- 帖子 #2664 ---
yes i did ...

--- 帖子 #2665 ---
From the Zip file on 1st page. It has T3MA indicator that you may have it on your MT4.

This T3MA Ribbon requires T3MA indicator loaded.

--- 帖子 #2666 ---
Hi Everyone,

Anyone still using this FX-50 Scalping system?

Some of the old indicators posted on first page do not work as Metaquotes has released many newer versions of Metatrader 4. They might have to be compiled using old metaeditor version. I just learned about this after Dirk told me about it.

For the ribbon indicator to show pls try these new indicators which were compiled and posted in thread http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=480040 and are also attached below.

--- 帖子 #2667 ---
Hey Bull,

I kinda use the system with a few modifications.

I still use the ribbons and the CCI setting 170/34, but that is all I am using from this system. I also trade on the 5 min. Although, I check the 1min, 15min, 30min and 1h timeframe to determine the trend. The ribbons actually only for support and resistance.

I went through the FF forums and found a few interesting setups.

But in the end you have to work with your setup.

D.

--- 帖子 #2668 ---
Hi Dirk,

Right. I still could not figure out the braintrend4sig.mq4....I cant seems to load this indicator. I even copied the priceseries indicator to the include folder and it still does not work. When I hit compile, it shows lots of errors..  I tried braintrend3sig, braintrend4sig and still the same.

bull

--- 帖子 #2669 ---
Hey,

go to this site and download the compiler. I have the same. Most old indicators, you have to compile with that compiler.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=470340

D.

--- 帖子 #2670 ---
Thanks Dirk,

It worked out perfectly.

bull

--- 帖子 #2671 ---
Hi Dirk,

I'm new to forex trading and I think scalping suits best my personality. Can you please point me to a thread for a scalping system that has a good success rate? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #2672 ---
Hey samanfx,

the thread you are in right now is a good on.

The other one I can refer you to is this one: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=490220

The question you have to answer for yourself is, what timeframe I wanna trade in? 1min, 5min 15min and so on. The higher you go with the timeframe, the more false signals you avoid.

Myself for example, I trade the 5 min and look for a trend in the 1hr Chart. Eventuelly, I go through almost all the Charts to determine the entry and the Exit.

And don`t get me wrong, this is hard work and a lot of it. Nothing comes easy.

D.

--- 帖子 #2673 ---
Hi, Bull

I had replied your PM. But want to post here again.

The T3MA Ribbon-V6 is here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...45#post7975145

The template is here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...58#post7743758

(I did not use this template anymore. I just use only T3MA ribbons.)

To solve Ribbon problem is to http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...35#post8080235

T3MA.mq4 is in the Zip file on the 1st post. No new MT4 build incompatible issue with these indicators , people just overlook reading/finding out here.

--- 帖子 #2674 ---
Hi to all

I started studying fxPrime system and as i was reading the posts i found out it was a scam, maybe.

After all, i tried to find a similar system in posts but posts were going in other threads and those to others and there are everywhere new indicators and systems.

So if its easy, i would like someone to guide me a little.

--- 帖子 #2675 ---
Hello,

the guy that started the original threat turned out to be a scammer. In the end he wanted to sell his indicator's and his Setup.

The original System is based on a 170 CCI, a 34 CCI and a RSI between Level 45 and 55.

If 170 and 34 are above 0 and RSI is above Level 55, then you buy and sell if the reverse is the case. This System is good and easy to follow. The next question you have to ask yourself is: What timeframe do you want to trade in?

Let me know.

D.

--- 帖子 #2676 ---
Hi when I uploaded indicators and templates, my mt4 almost freezes and its too heavy I barely can open any chart. I tried it in more than five brokers mt4 same result. Can anybody help me out with this please. Thanks

--- 帖子 #2677 ---
Gharti,

Try reducing the maximum number of bars your charts display in Options => Charts...

Something like 1000 should sort the problem.

Regards,

ytrader

--- 帖子 #2678 ---
Hey Dirk, I am new here, so I apologize for any noob questions. I have read the forums extensibly on FX Prime V1 and V2 and then finally over here for Fx-50. I am very interested in this system! However I cannot get the ribbons to show. I am using MT4. My charts look like Ron's a couple pages back. I did see that they need to be recompiled to work with the newer versions but my question is... it seems that the recompiled versions were posted here not long ago (May I think?). If they are the recompiled ones and have been newly recompiled, shouldn't they work for me too?  I am using version 6 of the indicator but I am not sure why it wont appear. I have also tried adding it separately as well...

Any ideas?  Any help would be greatly appreciated!

I could of course just recompile them and see I guess...

For now I am experimenting with V1 and V2 though...

Oh and question 2...

What would you say the best times to trade the GBP/USD with this system is? I have seen both from 3am to 6am (EUR/USD 7am to noon) but then if I google the best times I get the opposite. A lot says 8am to 4pm... Im pretty confused about this.

--- 帖子 #2679 ---
Alright I am on build 830 released May 2015. I cannot get the ribbon to work at all. I have recompiled every indicator that comes with this system as well. I did so by going to tools > Metaquotes Language Editor, then opened each indicator and pressed the recompile button. Pretty sure this is all you need to do. I think 3 came back with errors and 3 came back with warnings. The brainTrend came back with like 60 errors.

Can anyone point me in the right direction? I would love to get this working.

And actually going back to downloading that other compiler I still cant get it to work. Still getting errors. When trying to recompile the braintrend it tells me that its failing to open the prices expert file.

Also seems to me that even if I had the ribbon indicator loaded the templates are much different than the pdf instructions...

Edit:

Ribbons are working thanks to this thread:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=480040

Just use the ex4 files only and it will work.

--- 帖子 #2680 ---
Hy,

sorry for my late response but I an on vacation right now so I will be limited for another two weeks in terms of helping you.

go to post 2679. I believe that I posted there a thread to a compiler that compiles those old files.

Have you tried this one?

The best times to trade are 7 to 9/10 in the morning and when New York opens. Those are just my experiences.

D.

--- 帖子 #2681 ---
@ Kino

Do you have the #kino_close_above_3ribbons and #kino_close_above_4ribbons MQ4 files.

Please share, looking FW to add an alert on them.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #2682 ---
hi everybody

this is for bull375ca

hello BULL 375CA

i have see the problem about v7 ccc/rsi

there is only 8 colors possible (so also 8 buffers)

so i have made v7 without a color when rsi is between 45&55 !

no mistake

but i have coded a new RSI CCI V7_2

so if you can mail me after 22/10 i will send you this new one or tell you how you can do

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2683 ---
hello

it's very funny this thread still alive

@ ripeFX

will search the indicators you want , kino close etc ...

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2684 ---
Hey Kino,

where the hack have you been? I already thought you left FF for good. It is nice to see old faces again. What are you up to these days?

D.

--- 帖子 #2685 ---
hi

i'm not trading for now , acount dead, just trying to find a good system . lol .

i've made many many indicators but don't know how to manage them efficiently

perhaps one of you will help

kino

--- 帖子 #2686 ---
Hey,

if you can show us what you got, I'm pretty sure that we can come up with something good.

D.

--- 帖子 #2687 ---
i havz found a zip file with all the indicators template and pdf

hope that help

kino

--- 帖子 #2688 ---
ribbons gif

--- 帖子 #2689 ---
can you tell me if the kino.zip do help or no ?

because there is nobody in this forum

kinonen

--- 帖子 #2690 ---
I have a question regarding your #kino_close_above_ribbons_modified.ex4 indicator.

Would it be possible that you can make it mtf and adjust the setting for the width of the color so that is more user friendly?

Thanks.

D.

--- 帖子 #2691 ---
Looks decent, do the indicators lag??

--- 帖子 #2692 ---
To be quite honest, the only thing I still use from this system are the ribbon indicator. They act like support/resistance.

They do not lag. The indicator I was asking him about uses quite a lot of CPU power.

D.

--- 帖子 #2693 ---
I used to have the ribbons on my m1 charts.

Now I can't make it work anymore... I use the complied version of the indicator and I have the T3MA. What can be the problem?

Here are the indis loaded on the chart.

--- 帖子 #2694 ---
If anyone has the Braintrend3sig.ex4 file, please share it. I can not get the indicator to compile and load.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #2695 ---
can someone share me this "Holygrail indi" please ?
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...7&d=1229687891
http://i.imgur.com/4v6ArWf.jpg

--- 帖子 #2696 ---
check this.

--- 帖子 #2697 ---
Dear traders

update system

share again indicators and best templates

thank you

advance

--- 帖子 #2698 ---
can someone explain me the basics of the system please?iam trying desperately and not making any headway.


===== 附件下载链接 =====

John Edwards trading style april 6th.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/232773?d=1239721593
! actiontrade v3.12- fx50 system 1 min.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/233243?d=1239797760
! actiontrade v3.12- fx50 system 1 min full colour.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/234488?d=1239966863
FXprime - emda template.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179181?d=1228712140
kino_All_inOne_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179193?d=1228715921
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1minute-fx50(canuckct).tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179400?d=1228745870
daily_open_line.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179401?d=1228745973
#MTF_ ###Gann_HiLo_Activator_v2###.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179402?d=1228745973
###Auto Pivot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179403?d=1228746005
!!!!DoublecciWoody CD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179404?d=1228746005
Bollinger Squeeze vStoch513.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179411?d=1228746412
FinalFX.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179650?d=1228779419
Mouteki[1].pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179637?d=1228777899
FinalFX.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179648?d=1228779034
Center of Gravity.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179753?d=1228803718
Period_Converter_Opt.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179801?d=1228813021
atm-m2-alerts.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179829?d=1228820253
CCIFilter%20vX[1].mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179830?d=1228820253
Period_Converter_Opt.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179983?d=1228843622
Period_Converter_Opt.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180044?d=1228847550
FX Sniper's SideWinder Overlay.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180116?d=1228855967
123123.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180134?d=1228858585
Canadian Dude2-1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180141?d=1228859171
Canadian Dude2-2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180142?d=1228859181
Canadian Dude5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180143?d=1228859190
kino_All_inOne_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180157?d=1228859967
#kino_All_inOne_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180158?d=1228860107
#KinoRSI-Color.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180159?d=1228860107
kino_2CCI_V5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180160?d=1228860137
#kino_buycount_v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180161?d=1228860137
Trade_Simulator_setup.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180211?d=1228869633
Trade_Simulator_Installer.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180212?d=1228869633
Trade_Simulator_Files.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180213?d=1228869645
FXPrimeV2 Locked.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180236?d=1228876081
1mincurrent.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180242?d=1228876835
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180251?d=1228878609
kino_ADXabove_under25.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180252?d=1228878622
Kino_Guides.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180254?d=1228879384
RSI_WithAlert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180303?d=1228887109
RSI_WithAlert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180305?d=1228887128
kino_2CCI_Cross_Alert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180308?d=1228890464
M1-entries.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180442?d=1228906720
fx prime15min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180545?d=1228921644
fxprime_v231.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180547?d=1228921892
news.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180551?d=1228922097
#kino_buycount_v4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180637?d=1228935024
1mincurrent.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180653?d=1228936773
dpo.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180666?d=1228938578
FX Prime V2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180688?d=1228942142
fxprime_vtest.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180703?d=1228944704
Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180704?d=1228944704
fxprime v2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180705?d=1228944722
2MA Crossover.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180789?d=1228961903
Time Zones.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180794?d=1228962664
Average Daily Range.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180795?d=1228962664
Grid.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180796?d=1228962680
3 SMA Trend Filter Pro.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180797?d=1228962693
Trendline Alerter.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180798?d=1228962713
buaya puteh basic version.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180799?d=1228962738
!FXprime_V2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180964?d=1228989491
ant-GUBreakout_V.0.4.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180976?d=1228990963
Period_Converter_Opt.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181203?d=1229023289
Heiken Ashi.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181228?d=1229028264
priceactionfibs.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181230?d=1229028490
FXprime_V2 Final.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181251?d=1229031567
Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181253?d=1229031582
fxprime v2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181254?d=1229031598
FX Sniper's SideWinder Overlay.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181261?d=1229033745
#MAColor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181387?d=1229060131
2MA Crossover.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181388?d=1229060131
Auto Pivot 4.04.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181389?d=1229060153
i_Trend.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181390?d=1229060153
ZeroLagStochvbob.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181530?d=1229079828
ZeroLagStochvbob.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181531?d=1229079828
M1-entries.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181586?d=1229086759
kinoZip2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181596?d=1229088534
fxprime v2 dave 12-12.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181654?d=1229095661
MT4 SaveChart.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181655?d=1229096170
Instant TrendLine.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181788?d=1229117312
rainbowtwist.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181807?d=1229131342
FM4's 1mincurrent.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181810?d=1229132503
gSpeak.mqh: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181826?d=1229142964
rainbowtwist.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181827?d=1229144417
Swiss Army EA v1-51.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182233?d=1229314707
ManageTPv2-4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182234?d=1229314707
Mauro_Trailing.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182235?d=1229314720
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180303
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181389
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180704
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180789
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180160
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180159
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180158
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/180116
!!guppy.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182246?d=1229316380
!!MaxCCI_RSI_Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182247?d=1229316380
#MAColor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182248?d=1229316394
#kino_buycount_v4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182249?d=1229316394
#SpudFibo.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182250?d=1229316419
4 TF HAS Bar.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182251?d=1229316419
ARROW_RSI-8_CROSS-55 45.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182252?d=1229316438
Bollinger Squeeze cci rsi stoch.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182253?d=1229316560
DoublecciWoody RSI alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182254?d=1229316560
EJ_CandleTime.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182255?d=1229316581
daily_open_line.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182256?d=1229316581
i_Trend.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182257?d=1229316619
_CloseAll.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182258?d=1229316619
TrailingLinesSL_TP.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182259?d=1229316627
Fx50 Guide v1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182264?d=1229318831
Ticks.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182562?d=1229365246
fxprime v2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182568?d=1229366001
FXprime_V2 Final.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182569?d=1229366172
FX_50.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182594?d=1229370927
FX Sniper's SideWinder Overlay.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182656?d=1229387046
FX_Sniper's_SideWinder_Overlay_2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182675?d=1229390864
FX_Sniper's_SideWinder_Overlay.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182682?d=1229392904
FX_Sniper's_SideWinder_Overlay.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182704?d=1229399447
#Kino_CCIs_F4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182879?d=1229428332
#Kino_CCIs_F4vLines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182880?d=1229428332
kino_template.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182988?d=1229441319
kino_EMAaboveSMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/182989?d=1229441319
#SpudFibo.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183032?d=1229445570
###Auto Pivot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183033?d=1229445589
daily_open_line.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183038?d=1229445976
i-ParamonWorkTime.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183082?d=1229454031
ZeroLagStochvbob.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183097?d=1229456367
HowToTrade.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183098?d=1229456367
ZeroLagStochvbob.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183099?d=1229456387
ZeroLagStochvbob.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183100?d=1229456387
FX_50_system.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183135?d=1229462825
soeasy69 tpl.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183254?d=1229488732
fx prime v2 final.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183320?d=1229500024
Ind_TD_DeMark_3_1_eng.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183338?d=1229502397
Ind_TD_DeMark_3_1_LA_Mod_01_AIME.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183339?d=1229502397
Ind_TD_DeMark_3_1_LA_Mod_03B_AIME.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183340?d=1229502411
Ind_TD_DeMark_3_1_LA_Mod_03B_AIME1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183341?d=1229502411
DoublecciWoody.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183408?d=1229510568
DoublecciWoody.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183410?d=1229510645
CCI_MA_Smoothed.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183411?d=1229510622
CCI_MA_Smoothed.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183413?d=1229510698
Kino_Guides.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183507?d=1229524315
SSL_fill_channel_chart_alert_mtf.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183582?d=1229532920
Rads T3 Solid-1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183583?d=1229532960
###Gann_HiLo_Activator_V2###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183584?d=1229533000
#MTF_ ###Gann_HiLo_Activator_v2###.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183586?d=1229533030
! fx-50 system-je.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183587?d=1229533093
Rads 2MA Crossover.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183595?d=1229534384
DoubleCCI-With_EMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183599?d=1229535968
DoubleCCI-With_SMA_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183622?d=1229539296
DoubleCCI-With_SMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183624?d=1229539457
Vertical Line-moves with price.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183626?d=1229539515
DoubleCCI-With_SMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183671?d=1229549563
Breakout Alert.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183675?d=1229550627
HAMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183898?d=1229594856
! fx-50 system-je2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183901?d=1229594980
soeasy.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184099?d=1229617415
simple.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184159?d=1229621110
Zerolagstochs_B.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184170?d=1229622237
Zerolagstochs_B.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184171?d=1229622237
2MA Crossover.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184391?d=1229670082
FXprime_V2a Final.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184528?d=1229689806
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184579?d=1229698487
3xMAs#4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184604?d=1229702755
FX_TREND.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184605?d=1229702809
Information.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184611?d=1229705355
FXprime_V2a Final.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184669?d=1229722237
Fx50 Guide v1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184786?d=1229801344
current.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184798?d=1229807796
Trade Simulator.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184968?d=1229889759
!!!!Kino_CCIs_F4vbob_derk.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/185286?d=1229968998
FX Prime V2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/185674?d=1230053830
Fx Prime V1c.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/185676?d=1230054343
kino_multi_indicators3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/185691?d=1230057275
Stealth LCD V10.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/185891?d=1230133432
FX Sniper's SideWinder Overlay.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/186584?d=1230589623
FX_Sniper's_SideWinder_Overlay.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/186652?d=1230605966
FX_Sniper's_SideWinder_Overlay2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/186653?d=1230606367
FX_Sniper's_SideWinder_Overlay.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/186709?d=1230621487
Stealth_LCD_V10.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/186811?d=1230649085
Stealth BUY SELL V10.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/186832?d=1230651759
Stealth LCD V10.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/186833?d=1230651843
SHI_SilverTrendSigAlert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/186957?d=1230691772
FX_Sniper_KimIV.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/187477?d=1230935541
MA ribbon filled.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/187483?d=1230937550
Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed_histo_kino.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/187563?d=1230977301
forex workbook.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/187599?d=1230996941
MA ribbon filled.89.21.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/187626?d=1231005872
Daily Data v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/187663?d=1231020785
TickSpread_Value.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/187665?d=1231020833
StatMonitor_1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/187667?d=1231021101
_BarsV4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/187686?d=1231031875
T3%20RSI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/188504?d=1231258644
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/188732?d=1231299515
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/188733?d=1231299515
!!kino_multi_indicatorsvbob[4].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/189697?d=1231493394
ARROW_RSI-8_CROSS-55 45.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/189848?d=1231524187
Heiken_Ashi_Exit.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/189849?d=1231524187
_3 MA Cross w_Alert v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/189850?d=1231524369
Stealth LCD V10.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/190096?d=1231632864
FXPrimeFilterV2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/190321?d=1231727782
_BarsV4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/190610?d=1231777144
xpMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/190611?d=1231777144
Color RSI v1.01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/191199?d=1231874699
FXprime_V2 Final_10.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/191820?d=1231981273
ZeroLagStochsSignals.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/191831?d=1231984953
Zerolagstochs.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/191832?d=1231984953
RSI_WithAlert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/191833?d=1231985009
T3_RSI_alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/191834?d=1231985009
BB Macd.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/192240?d=1232066063
QQE_Alert_MTF_v5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/192241?d=1232066119
xpMA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/192242?d=1232066119
bbmacd.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/192323?d=1232083064
FX_Sniper's_SideWinder_Overlay2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/192673?d=1232128510
What Is Heikin-Ashi.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/192687?d=1232132096
Information.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/192694?d=1232132888
scalp-basic.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/192771?d=1232158146
KinoGuides_v2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/192938?d=1232253734
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/193267?d=1232374187
KinoGuides_v2a.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/193543?d=1232435159
#DoubleCCI_wSMAvKino.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/193848?d=1232490243
Fx50_Guide_v1.5_Hybrid.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/193862?d=1232492714
#kino_Close_4EMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/194078?d=1232545483
#kino_Close_3EMA_SMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/194089?d=1232548294
#DoubleCCI_wSMAvKinoVDirk.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/194265?d=1232574354
DoubleCCI_wSMAvKinoVDirk.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/194275?d=1232575963
Trade Simulator.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/196088?d=1232916062
FXprime_V2ia (5m TF).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/199852?d=1233633497
Period_Converter_Opt.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/201211?d=1233842967
1 min fxprime 79 24.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/201287?d=1233851433
CCIFilter79.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/201290?d=1233851480
DoubleWoody 79 24 - 2 SMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/201291?d=1233851480
Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed_Alert_Lines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/201293?d=1233851580
LaguerreFilter.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/201294?d=1233851580
#SpudFibo.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/201295?d=1233851613
kino_2CCI_Cross_Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/202840?d=1234186447
#kino_3MA_Ribbon.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/202947?d=1234201501
Trade10k_BUY.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203830?d=1234330932
Trade10k_SELL.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203831?d=1234330932
Trade50k_BUY.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203873?d=1234336123
Trade50k_SELL.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203874?d=1234336123
Trade_100k_BUY.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203875?d=1234336132
Trade_100k_SELL.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203876?d=1234336132
Mauro_Trailing.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203845?d=1234331670
Mauro_Trailing_6digits.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203846?d=1234331670
TrailingLinesSL_TP.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203848?d=1234331675
1A-Click Buy.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203836?d=1234330968
1A-Click Sell.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203837?d=1234330984
1B-Buy with SL and TP.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203838?d=1234331003
1B-Sell with SL and TP.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203839?d=1234331021
1-Click Close All Open.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/203841?d=1234331070
DivergenceA.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/204095?d=1234370958
fib generator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/204117?d=1234372968
fib generator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/204118?d=1234372968
kino_T3MA ribbon filled.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/204168?d=1234378526
T3MA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/204223?d=1234386813
_Kino_Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed_histo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/204368?d=1234409202
=kino_multi_indicatorsV5_Lite.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/204369?d=1234409202
T3MA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/204511?d=1234432953
CCIFilter79.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/204549?d=1234440941
kino_T3MA ribbon filled.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/204747?d=1234462352
kino_T3MA ribbon filled.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/206533?d=1234867705
T3MA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/206534?d=1234867742
KijunTenkan+.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/206535?d=1234867777
RD-PivotLines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/206536?d=1234867816
BrainTrend3Sig.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/206537?d=1234867845
! actiontrade-fx50 system 1 min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/206538?d=1234867895
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/206546?d=1234869870
PriceSeries.mqh: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/206666?d=1234887530
FX_Sniper's_SideWinder_Overlay2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/206818?d=1234912257
DoubleCCI-With_EMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/207830?d=1235067588
kino_T3MA_ribbon_filled.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/208299?d=1235140176
john_e price action.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/209731?d=1235473894
Tick_Tick_Tick.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/209733?d=1235473935
kino_2CCI_Cross_Alert_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/209781?d=1235483739
JE-Bar Trend.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/211210?d=1235733522
! actiontrade v2 raca - fx50 system 1 min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/211211?d=1235733564
FxPrime V2_Everything needed.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/211658?d=1235845117
Max_FX50.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/213140?d=1236143807
MACDTraditional.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214601?d=1236356290
! actiontrade v3 raca - fx50 system 1 min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214964?d=1236446790
!!!!DoublecciWoody CD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214965?d=1236446841
Bollinger Squeeze vStoch513.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214966?d=1236446879
BrainTrend4Sig.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214968?d=1236446913
FXprime_V2 Final-JE.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/214969?d=1236446948
SDX-TzPivots2b.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/215606?d=1236592526
PriceSeries.mqh: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/215880?d=1236634906
!!guppy102.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/216339?d=1236702719
!!guppy102.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/216340?d=1236702719
Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/216787?d=1236756218
! actiontrade v3 ma candles - fx50 system 1 min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/217617?d=1236861498
MA Candles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/217618?d=1236861532
SDX-TzPivots2b.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/217849?d=1236889422
Heiken Ashi.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/217850?d=1236889422
! actiontrade v3 raca - fx50 system 1 min layout jazz1964.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/217869?d=1236892334
! actiontrade v3 ma candles - fx50 system 1 min layout jazz1964.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/217870?d=1236892334
FXprime_V2 Final-JE.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/221974?d=1237722986
FXprime_V2 Final-JE.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/221975?d=1237722986
DoubleCCI-With_SMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/223529?d=1237981692
FXprime_V2 Final-JE.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/223531?d=1237981750
! actiontrade v3.1- fx50 system 1 min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/223535?d=1237981966
! actiontrade v3.2- fx50 system 1 min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/223585?d=1237988020
PriceSeries.mqh: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/224332?d=1238107366
fx50_TF5m.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/224867?d=1238179397
5mTF.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/225763?d=1238409480
! actiontrade v3.1- fx50 system 1 min jayout jazz1964.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/226590?d=1238517129
! actiontrade v3.2- fx50 system 1 min layout jazz1964.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/226591?d=1238517129
FX50 trading system John Edwards version.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/227353?d=1238614633
#CCI_ALERT-5_Silent.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/227547?d=1238643961
Bollinger Squeeze vStoch513.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/227548?d=1238643978
John Edwards trading style april 6th.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/229300?d=1239014042
#kino_close_above_ribbons.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/230016?d=1239112669
#SpudFibo.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/230994?d=1239262022
ZigZag Pointer.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/230996?d=1239262072
#kino_close_above_ribbons.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/230997?d=1239262093
! actiontrade v3.12- fx50 system 1 min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/231049?d=1239269937
#kino_close_above_ribbons_v3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/231173?d=1239287795
#kino_close_above_ribbons_last.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/231220?d=1239294694
#kino_close_above_ribbons_modified.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/231221?d=1239294694
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/231562?d=1239375695
#kino_close_above_MA21.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/231563?d=1239375695
BB_Squeeze_Advanced_v2M3BC.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/231616?d=1239388556
BB_Squeeze_Advanced_v2M3BC.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/231622?d=1239390727
! actiontrade v3.12- fx50 system 1 min.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/232705?d=1239714285
John Edwards trading style april 6th.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/232714?d=1239715216
! actiontrade v3.12- fx50 system 1 min.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/233053?d=1239776714
fx50_lss.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/233002?d=1239761442
#kino_close_above_ribbons_fixed.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/233307?d=1239807108
#kino_pips_ribbons.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/234061?d=1239904069
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/234846?d=1240077444
#kino_pips_ribbons.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/235506?d=1240237609
ARROW_RSI-8_CROSS-55 45.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/235771?d=1240273067
#kino_close_above_ribbons_last.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/236113?d=1240327443
#kino_pips_ribbons.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/236182?d=1240332900
#kino_pips_ribbons.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/236523?d=1240388292
#kino_close_above_ribbons_fixed.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/236579?d=1240397809
=kino_multi_indicatorsV5_Lite.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/236624?d=1240404541
#kino_pips_ribbons.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/237260?d=1240494307
####Magic_Fibo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/237264?d=1240494544
####price_info.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/237353?d=1240504578
Spread_Hi_Lo_v1a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/237354?d=1240504578
PanelDisplays.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/237458?d=1240520797
#Kino_Monitor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/238238?d=1240678927
#Kino_Monitor_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/238900?d=1240839314
#Kino_Monitor_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/238904?d=1240839753
#kino_multi_indicatorsV6_Lite.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/239118?d=1240866030
#Kino_Monitor_v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/242358?d=1241527824
#kino_close_above_ribbons_final.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/242894?d=1241617442
#kino_close_above_3ribbons.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/243291?d=1241685794
#kino_close_above_4ribbons.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/243292?d=1241685794
ZZ_pS_v[1].0.4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/258346?d=1244648787
TrailingStopEA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/261193?d=1245254251
kino_2ATRaboveLimit.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/266436?d=1246291488
kino_ATR ChannelsStopLoss.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/266437?d=1246291503
kino_2ATRaboveLimit.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/266474?d=1246296751
Mauro_Trailing.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/267539?d=1246473379
Mauro_Trailing_6digits.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/267540?d=1246473379
UpdateStops.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/267541?d=1246473530
DoubleCCI-With_SMAvbobslowVK.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/273136?d=1247636077
All_Woodies_CCI_v1.0.MM1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/273137?d=1247636077
cci_rsi_bar_FxPrime_Kino_All_inOne_v2m.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/273874?d=1247741869
CCI_woodie.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/274418?d=1247822546
DoubleCCI-With_SMAvbobslowVK.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/275228?d=1248034005
ZigZag_Pointer_alert_only at turning points.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/275229?d=1248034005
db_mt4_system_tfz_pivot_m1_v2.1.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/277158?d=1248314929
Murrey_Math_Line_X_eng.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/277159?d=1248314929
tf5_je_ribbon_template.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/277364?d=1248337365
T3MA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/279533?d=1248738705
MA ribbon filled.89.21.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/280808?d=1248916435
fx_55_system_1m.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/280809?d=1248916435
2MA Crossover.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/280922?d=1248934662
fx_55_system_1m.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/286759?d=1249861103
Display Spread.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/286760?d=1249861103
Pivot Points Multitimeframe.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/302680?d=1252029230
Pivot Points Multitimeframe.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/302681?d=1252029230
ARROW_RSI-8_CROSS-55 45.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/318003?d=1253396908
fx_trend_master.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/343313?d=1256447485
fx_trend_master_guide.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/343538?d=1256513812
DoubleCCIWoody-MTF-m5-Yan-Mod-S-29.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/393690?d=1263753337
Swing trading system - 123 setup.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/405879?d=1265013560
show123_Rh_BB.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/429826?d=1267518731
show123.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/429827?d=1267518731
kino_T3MA ribbon filled.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/474964?d=1273942615
kino_T3MA ribbon filled_v6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/476223?d=1274177861
John Edwards trading style april 6th.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/478343?d=1274427320
indicsZip.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/481189?d=1274947404
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/484491?d=1275531483
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/484647?d=1275551540
3_ichi_ccirsiv7.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/484854?d=1275574657
MTF_Ichimoku_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/484855?d=1275574657
Synergy_RangeFactor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/508720?d=1279223505
Synergy_RangeFactor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/508721?d=1279223522
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/509815?d=1279388663
MTF_Ichimoku_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/510233?d=1279527765
Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/510234?d=1279527765
#Kino_CCI_RSI_v7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/510236?d=1279527811
ichi mtf 1-5-15-30.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/510237?d=1279527811
ichi mtf-15-30-60-240.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/510238?d=1279527836
IchimokuWiki.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/518046?d=1280776554
! actiontrade v3.12- fx50 system 1 min_v6.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1510707?d=1410945636
kino_T3MA ribbon filled_v6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1583020?d=1420522067
kino_T3MA ribbon filled_v6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1583021?d=1420522072
T3MA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1642619?d=1427627805
kino_T3MA ribbon filled_v6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1642620?d=1427627823
KINO.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1790257?d=1447170482
BrainTrend2SigALERT5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2004475?d=1472381688
