===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
I would like to meet the followers and exchange trading ideas about trading this system.

Also if I can use this opportunity to thank all the members who selflessly contributed to the original thread.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Yeah, count on me.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Genesis is a good system. Don't let it die......

--- 帖子 #4 ---
yeap!

--- 帖子 #5 ---
yesterday's golden gain............

please, feel free to comment and interactive

thk

J

--- 帖子 #6 ---
if you don't mind I would like post even loss trade, just to comment it each others

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Thanks for posting Jimi.

It's good to post winning and losing trades - that's more realistic (closer to real trading). We can learn more that way rather than posting only winning trades we chose with the benefit of hindsight.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
I got in this gbp/jpy short after matrix turned red. Now in hindsight M15 stochastic looks good, but at that time it was only temporarily crossing down. I've noticed if you wait for a confirmed cross on M15 it's usually late. So most of the time I take a chance.

PS In the hindsight M15 stochastic usually looks lovely on working set ups. Sometimes it looks nice during entry, but later on turns bad and vice versa - looks bad, but after the event looks as if it was really nice.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
I'm expecting from this trade for the price to drop to the low of that big NFP candle which is S2 at the same time (if my pivot indicator is to be trusted).

ATM the price is ranging around MS2 - already bounced off it once

PS I'll exit the trade if there is opposite genesis signal before it drops to S2 (if all the dots on matrix turn blue)

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Thanks Gold Miner

Feel free to post your trades with explanations

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Looking if it can drop to MS3 and stop to S2

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Thanks for keeping the dream alive.  It's my hope that everyone who finds this thread on their path prosper through their participation.   We shall remember RJs work for all it's positive influence on those who heard his message.  And thank you RJ.  Without you there would be no Genesis method to continue.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Thanks John.

I like the way you put it - agree with you 100%

--- 帖子 #14 ---
It dropped to MS3 and I'm out at 171.29

--- 帖子 #15 ---
I wouldn't enter any trades now as it is too late

Have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #16 ---
count me in!

--- 帖子 #17 ---
to you too

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Hi,

How can I get indicators for the new mt4?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #19 ---
I took the same trade.

I was worried about the HTF was not yet fully red; in fact PA retraced up before continue down

in any case congrats

unfortunately, only few days are simple to trade just like yesterday afternoon................ it'd be too easy.....

--- 帖子 #20 ---
If only…

I’ve been trying to make it profitable for some time now and it’s not easy. As I mentioned earlier higher time frame stochastic tends to change a lot and only after the fact it appears as if everything was nice and easy. If you wait for everything confirmed and proper, you often miss the train.

I did some screen recording and was checking set ups while they were forming. Quite a few times they looked really nice at that time, just to turn sour afterwards. IMO it’s difficult to do proper back testing as the things look different afterwards.

Also noticed about the arrows - I’ve read that it’s higher probability trade if for example you take trades that have compatible 5m and 15m arrows. Well few times I found out that once 5 m arrow appears in the same direction as previous 15 m arrow that move is already overextended and price moves back. So I don't use 15 m arrows and also turned off the alarm on 5 m arrows as I find it highly distractive. Would be nice to hear from somebody who uses arrows successfully though as I failed miserably to see the arrows usefulness.

So as RJ pointed this system is not for beginners. If I may add it’s not for experienced traders as well unless they do a lot of trades and get to know it really well. I’m still trying on a demo account of course - wouldn't risk any money. Only if I get consistent results/profits I will try it with real money.

Hopefully there may be some nice posts and ideas from fortunate members who managed to make profit on a regular basis

PS I've noticed you have ASCI trend indicator with 15m, 30m and 1H. These are arrows aren't they? So hourly was red all the time, but if you waited for 30m to turn red you would have missed a big chunk of move (assuming you waited for 30 minutes for confirmation as that color is fixed only after 30 minutes period finished). So short entry would have been around S2 - I wouldn't have entered there though. And yesterday was NFP, so price was quite enthusiastic. But on normal days it would mean entering at the end of the move, wouldn't it?

--- 帖子 #21 ---
just my 2 cent about it:

first of all many depends on what type of traders you are (e.g.: pure scalper, swinger, intraday, multiday.......); in my case between from scalpers/intraday traders

I watch only M30 HTF stoch;

Impossible

yeap

you're right; in any case I'd prefer having all red/white to open a trade

sometimes I enter anyway but I'm aware

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Good to hear your observations Jimi.

As I mentioned I’m still trying to find the best way to make it work. At the moment I have few starting points - at the close of 5 minute candles I have fixed stochastic value, fixed matrix and see if arrow is near by (within few candles).

I don’t know what is the definition for that kind of trading, but I would ideally like to enter close to one pivot level and exit at another pivot level. Obviously for that size of moves I need compatible higher time frame values and I’m still taking chances most of the time without waiting for fixed values. Sometimes I’m lucky and the values stay as they were, sometimes not so lucky.

So all in all I manage to break even if I follow all the rules in the long run and even make profits if markets are system friendly. Invariably if I don’t follow the rules I end up with a loss.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
anyone ever used this tool to determine the force of a currency versus anorther one?

http://www.currencynewstrading.com/3...ter-explained/

--- 帖子 #24 ---
in my humble opinion is much important determine when exactly the move starts and when we have occasion for reentry

for example, if you don't mind, try to take a look at the gold I posted earlier; there's a start of the move with both M5 and M15 stochs falling from OB area, and a second chanche to enter when M15 is "off the floor"

has it sense?

--- 帖子 #25 ---
I’m assuming you entered after that candle with blue vertical line closed. Well at that time (from what I can see from the chart you posted) M5 stochastic crossed up and now M15 stochastic looks as if it was the right order for a short (although I wouldn’t be surprised if at that time temporary M15 stochastic was crossing up). Matrix had all the dots red, but that wouldn’t be good for me to enter because of M5 stochastic that was rising at that time.

I can’t see properly from the chart, but maybe where 5 m arrow was M5 stochastic crossed back - so would that be good entry point (it was near/above that level where price was stuck for hours in a small range) and M5 stochastic just about turning down after going up? Also there was some kind of pivot level there.

If you look back (maybe between 4 and 5am) stochs were dropping from overbought, but that set up failed.

PS I hope you don’t mind using your attachment

--- 帖子 #26 ---
nope, i did not enter at that point for some reasons:

a) middle Frankie session ahead LO;

b) ASC trend all white;

c) Round number just below

BUT

that's the beginning of the move, as I wrote in my earlier post

After that, is the movement started? Probably yes; so, let me see what will happen and if there'll be a chance to enter

In fact, AT THE SECOND BLUE LINE, we had:

- Ret of the DP;

- No obstacles downward;

- All Matrix red;

- All ASC trend red;

- Cheap SL;

- M5 stoch fallin from OB area;

- M15 stoch on the floor,

so what?

Enter and Kaboooom!!

hope it's more clear then earlier

what do you think about it?

--- 帖子 #27 ---
At that time M15 stoch was 'on the floor' as you put it, but still rising (slowly and not crossed back down). So it's an obvious down trend, but entry is not according to Genesis rules (needs both M5 and M15 stochs to have crossed down). Even if M15 crossed the right way I wouldn't have liked it.

Also all ASC trend red as it already dropped a lot, so I would expect it to retrace (nothing to do with Genesis, but that's how I see all ASC red)

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Need some advice right now. Entered short at 1.47676, SL at 1.47823 and TP at 1.47122. Would you guys keep this trade going or kill it now?

--- 帖子 #29 ---
took a long off DP aiming RN

not a bad R:R

--- 帖子 #30 ---
I don't like so much take a trade in the middle of Frankie

--- 帖子 #31 ---
even in this case, just after the Genesis signal, price went down in the opposite direction...........already seen many times............

--- 帖子 #32 ---
I would like to know if that was a valid trade. I'm still in short since SL wasn't hit and bear seem to resume.

Reasons for entry

1. overall trend is bearish.

2. m5,m15 and m30 stoch all crossed down.

3. signal valid below daily pivot.

I would like to know, from experienced traders, how would you guys manage to close this trade?

Any signals showing on my previous chart would make you exit the trade early and accept the loss?

--- 帖子 #33 ---
glad to see that the thread is back, thank you all for keeping Genesis alive.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
fourth attempt to break the DP

now Eur is a little bit stronger then Aud

previous low held forming a double low

ASC M15 turned white again

what do you think about it?

is it a valid long setup?

--- 帖子 #35 ---
I would say it's according to the rules, but there is a resistance near by - this is forth time it's trying to break through it. Also it's a ranging market - so it may just keep going nowhere or maybe break out.

PS Just saw it - it's breaking up. So would expect to continue up. Personally I wouldn't have taken it before it broke that resistance.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
in my humble opinion nope, due to ASC trend against the trade

just my 2 cent

--- 帖子 #37 ---
agree

and always be aware of possible failure breakout in forex market, since it's often a contrarian one

--- 帖子 #38 ---
at this point will come the main difficult part of the story fo me, how to manage the trade

since it's much more difficult manage the exit than the entry for me

possible scenarios:

- close all at RN;

- switch @ BE at RN and let see...;

- close partially @ RN;

- other..................

so, what? in your opinion?

many thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #39 ---
I must say I'm still learning about this system and only using demo account - so not an expert (far from it).

From what I've read there are few options to exit it:

- look if only one dot changes colour in matrix (this is extremely nervous approach and you may get out and then price just goes your way, so you may feel bad about it or good if it turns back and you managed to take small profit)

- look for all the dots to change color to red (this is a reasonable one, but profit may disappear and also it could turn into a loss by that time)

-do nothing and wait to hit MR 1 which is at 1.4805 on my chart

-close it if it opens below yellow ma

-close it if there is a close below last two candles lows etc. etc.

Personally I would wait for it to go to MR1, maybe close part and move stop to break even. Saying that I must say that there are not many reports today and the market looks half dead.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
thank you very much demo,

please, what do you mean with "MR1 @ 1.4805" ?

--- 帖子 #41 ---
That's a pivot level - mid resistance line between Pivot and R1 (resistance 1 level)

--- 帖子 #42 ---
just for control, do you have R1 @ 1,4842 too?

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Same as you.

PS It's just about to hit MR1

Just to add - sometimes you don't wait for it to hit spot on the level. You should look for that area. In this case there is a round number just below it - 1.4800 and that could act as a resistance as well

--- 帖子 #44 ---
closed below R1

reached daily target

done for today

see you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Nice one Jimi

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Why did the original thread come to an end?

--- 帖子 #47 ---
RJ didn't like some of the members using their own indicators and modifying the system.

I guess sometimes it's tempting to add some extra filters to reduce the losses, but at the same time the system becomes something else. Difficult to say - I'm still trying and learning how to use it. Must say that in March didn't have much success with it - is it because I didn't know how to use it or because of the market, I don't know

Anyway nobody objected to this thread, so this may be an opportunity for me and others who haven't managed to use it in a proper way to maybe try and make use of it?

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Thanks demo

--- 帖子 #49 ---
hi demo

it is really good to see a genesis continuation here.

here are something you may consider: set some kind of rules to maintain the order of your thread, you saw how RJ`s thread died

at least keep some core indicators of genesis, ie the matrix, HA candle, stoch.. if therse are not kept, it is possible some day in your thread

people using MACD for example to take place of stoch, getting rid of genesis matrix... and in the end thread is not about genesis at all...

just an advice, good luck with your thread!

bsh

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Shorted EA twice according to Genesis rules

Medium term for EA is bearish so I treated yesterday's pull back as retracement

There were no proper long entry setup showing that EA would reverse when M5 was ranging so I kept my trade going.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
i would have not took this trade because:

- M5 stoch was not falling from a recent overbought state;

- ASC trend was not fully red;

- DP just below;

It's just my humble opinion

In any case,

Happy Green Pips!!!!

--- 帖子 #52 ---
I was and still am in a really similar situation.

With the previous thread, I ended up being really confused with all the TF, even after a long period of testing. My template basically contained every ASCTrend possible and the Stochastics of every TF up to H4 and as you said, when you wait for everything to align, you will often miss the train because the move already occured.

So I recently went back to the original template on page 1 of RJ's thread, and I'll try to stick with it.

Good luck with this thread, I'll try to post my results and analyse them if they are decent.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
For me. its almost impossible to trade without MA, though am still learning, it has helped me filter a great deal of bad trades. Whatever rules you're imposing Demo. pls do not exclude d use of MAs

--- 帖子 #54 ---
just curious, has anyone considered building an EA for the system?

--- 帖子 #55 ---
To Blueseahorse, StrivingNewb and Adeleke

Thanks for good wishes

I don't intend to impose any rules really. Having said that, it would be nice to stick to the systems' rules and see if I and fellow beginners can make profit trading it - that's the idea behind this thread.

Of course if you have some kind of indicator that helps you make good profits regularly, please show it and some examples. Also any filter that is proven to reduce bad trades is worth looking at.

All this is good if you have tested it for some time (for at least a year in various market conditions), otherwise it will just add to confusion and make the system useless.

PS In my opinion it would be almost impossible to make EA for this system - set ups tend to change (the indicators from the higher time frames). In the hindsight working set ups look really nice, but you can't (or EA) trade that way (hindsight trading) in the real world.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Same problem here, Strivin

I'm trying to keep it simple

This is my template now; nothing else

--- 帖子 #57 ---
I must say this demo, as one new trader to another that though the systems looks great on hindsight, its rather difficult to trade; as least for me it is. I really feel the system still needs a filter. just my opinion anyway or maybe am yet to fully understand the system

--- 帖子 #58 ---
unle strategy 3lose 1 win :nerd:

--- 帖子 #59 ---
I think the best thing is to post the graphs and comment on them together otherwise this thread is useless

--- 帖子 #60 ---
just took a sell on EUR/USD 5min. lets see.

trying to upload picture

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Agree - it looks great in hindsight, but when I trade it somehow I fail to make regular profits. Maybe like you, I need to study it some more.

Hopefully successful followers may post some examples with explanations, or somebody may give us a really good filter to help avoid bad set ups. Or simply we may come to that aha moment in the near future and start trading it profitably?

Anyway it's good not to give up hope and also not to lose all the money in the meantime (while trying to understand it)

--- 帖子 #62 ---
I did my best

--- 帖子 #63 ---
the sell turned out to be a lost. damn

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Would you post a chart if you don'T mind

--- 帖子 #65 ---
we jimi

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Today's trade

Sold Gold

Closed when price spiked down to DP

After that it dropped below, but who knows before........

Btw over 30 pips.

Shall see if another trade will come today..........

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Some more profit for you Jimi

Do you have any particular markets and what time of day you look for set ups?

--- 帖子 #68 ---
I've trying to do that all day without any luck. I took the picture with screen grab pro but I can't attach it.

however I can give the details of the trade. I entered at 1.37863 for a sell. it was about the very same time I posted the entry. Time on my chart was 12.05. it was on a 5min E/U chart. both stoch were pointing down, arrow was down, genesis was all red and I was sure that price would come back to the retest the pivot line at 1.37813. Double entry with 20pips stop loss.

Can you pls advise me on what I might have done wrong.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
I had a look Adeleke.

I'm assuming you took this one (you should really specify if it's Nigerian time or GMT or some other time as the members are from different time zones)

Anyway - it looks good to me. M5 and M15 stochastics were 'opening mouth' nicely, didn't go into oversold by the time of all red on matrix, nice dropping angle etc. No pivots near by (that I can see).

It didn't even make it to that low that was before London open. It failed miserably despite all this. So sometimes they work, sometimes they don't. Few times I was seriously tempted to take opposite from the signal and go for stop as my target.

PS There was even a red arrow at that time

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Yeap, that was the trap I fell into this morning mate, really pissed me off and sadly it happens regularly to me. Thanks for taking time to look at it. maybe tomorrow would be better

--- 帖子 #71 ---
No problem Adeleke.

Maybe one nice day we'll find out how to choose good set ups - till then it's good to use stops all the time and not overdo it with big stakes as it seems they fail more often than not?

Good luck

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Hi Adeleke, hope you don't mind me commenting on your earlier trade, different views sometimes help to clarify in your own mind, that's what is most important to you when doing post analysis.

Some might say price was too close to DP, but if you're using a fairly aggressive approach then your entry OK in relation to the signal.

You had a SL at 20, presumably using the last high + a pip or 2.

But where was your actual trade exit?

A few bars after your entry the price had failed to reach DP and presented a new signal for long, ie the previous short signal had completely disintegrated making that trade now invalid. Did you use that situation for exit for smallish loss or did you let the trade run to your SL? The exit could also have been prompted before the new signal given the PA for an even smaller loss. It's all about trade management, both your account and your trading mentality rely on it.

On a more general note, I haven't found EU the best pair for this in recent months. have you considered other pairs with better daily ranges?

Wish you well with your trading, strada.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
in my humble opinion it wasn't a trade I'd taken due to:

- CT trade (obviously is possible to take CT trade, but managing only for a few pips and/or with SL@BE ASAP;

- DP just below;

- ASC trend totally white

just my 2 cents

--- 帖子 #74 ---
totally agree

totally agree

--- 帖子 #75 ---
thanks demo

Gold

E/A

G/J

E/J

I trade London and New York sessions (not in the open)

--- 帖子 #76 ---
[Quote = Jimi; 7395121] {quote} a mio modesto parere non era un mestiere che avevo preso a causa di: - Commercio CT (è ovviamente possibile prendere il commercio CT, ma la gestione solo per pochi pips e / o con SL @ BE ASAP; - DP appena sotto; - tendenza ASC totalmente bianca appena i miei 2 centesimi {image} [/ quote]

perchè non sei andato buy??

--- 帖子 #77 ---
[quote=strada;.... and presented a new signal for long, ie the previous short signal had completely disintegrated making that trade now invalid. Did you use that situation for exit..[/quote]

Morning, good example of this situation earlier. However no exit of trade in this instance as price didn't extend beyond new signal and previous move re-established itself.  strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #78 ---
because I don't trade Eur/Usd

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Hi Jimi,

your reason for not taking The EU trade is spot on ....

I strongly recommend to Never take a Counter Trend Trades....

Be patient and wait for HPT Trades .....

remember.... patience is the holy grail of fx trading

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Jinchu, never say never, it may be your preference to wait for what you term HPT's but it does not apply to all traders, there are innumerable ways to trade Genesis as there are most methods. While you're waiting on your HPT there will be many other good profitable opportunities but it would depend on how ultra cautious/conservative your attitude to trading is. Either way, neither is wrong, they're just different.

strada.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Nice trading Strada, does it mean you wont take a valid signal if it comes like 4 minutes before FO?

I see that that move started way back in the Asian session,some moves don't even wait to catch their breath and they are gone.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Hi Intrepidpips, I'll use signals just before the opens, if it's a reasonable setup but will monitor very closely in case the open causes any sharp moves.

You're right about the move starting earlier, wish I'd been up and about then, normally don't get set up until 6.30-6.45'ish just before FO.

As for some moves not waiting to catch their breath, it's one of the reasons I like Genesis, there's normally a pretty good chance G1m gets us into those trades early enough to take full benefit.

Hope you're well, haven't seen you around the usual haunts lately, what are you doing these days?

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Strada, I agree that every trader will have different ways of trading as they have different personality.

For me personally, it is much easier to get the pips when trading in direction with the trend and therefore it is my principle not to trade against it. yes of course I missed some pips (a lot of pips sometimes) but I have more confidence whenever I placed a trade.

As you have said, neither is wrong, they're just different,

whatever works for the trader and whatever the trader is comfortable with is most important.

Happy pipping

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Thanks for the reply, I've been searching for that elusive "Holy Grail" (keeps slipping past me) Every new loss brings a review and a tweak and I should have my own version.  You were talking with Rooi about the "small/cheap" SL, how do you determine that?

Then it seems your TP2 is until price reverses above the MA once you've crossed your profit threshold?

Keep inspiring us

I missed the FO move cos I was past a deadline in the office so I'd live to trade another day.

Best regards.

IP

--- 帖子 #85 ---
trying to figure out what does your post mean with this thread....................

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Just filling Strada in on what I've been up to (we both trade M1 and post in Rooi's thread but I've been absent)

--- 帖子 #87 ---
I see what you mean, don't want this thread to be hijacked like the original GMT thread, be rest assured I wont be doing anything like that.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hi Intrepidpips, have posted a chart below which illustrates the point discussed with Rooi earlier.

The initial signal required a relatively high SL so the decision has to be made whether to use it or not. I probably would not have used it. As it happened price came back to the signal area and then re-presented a fresh signal which allowed for a much lower SL.

If the trade had been taken then TP1 would have been aqchieved and TP2 would have exited at BE.

Your right about TP2 exits, if I'm close to my daily target I'll not hesitate to take the pips rather than push for more. Makes my trading day finish quicker.

Hope this helps, regards, strada.

[attach]1404345[/attach

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Thanks Jimi, but I didn't understand properly

What do you mean by 'not in the open'? If London opens at 8 am (London time) would you wait till 9 am to start trading? Also New York starts at 1:00 pm (London time) - what time would you start trading?

And what about between Franfurt open and London open - do you enter any trades at that time?

--- 帖子 #90 ---
You're welcome demo.

I meant that I usually don't "jump" in the market just at the open time, but I prefer wait and see what happen before opening position.

I've traded a long time Frankie, since I've changed my habits; now I'm out of the house walking with the dog at that time

--- 帖子 #91 ---
I see - thanks Jimi

I guess the dog is happy, it's good to walk and no damage to the account

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Thanks Strada, very well explained I get your points.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
My "K.I.S.S." rules:

a) Is the trend up, down or undefined?;

b) If the trend is up I will WAIT only for long setup;

c) If the trend is down I will WAIT only for short setup;

d) If the trend is undefined I will pass;

e) When Genesis signal appears, M5 Stoch MUST come from OB or OS area AND MUST be aligned with M15;

f) It's better open long position ONLY above the DP and short position ONLY below the DP;

g) I could take even CT trade, but this is another story..........................

h) always check stronger currency vs. weaker and viceversa

BTW K.I.S.S.

just my 2 cents

--- 帖子 #94 ---
HI JIMI

IT IS A GOOD NEWS that you reopen this thread again. it was a pity that RJ closed that great thread which I had been following for the very first page till page 500 somthing, probably I would like to continue to read RJ`s one; of course,  DEFINITELY  I am following this one too.... how luck we are.... LET US CONTINUE ........

GREEN PIPS FOR EVERYONE; AND AS PER RJ SAID THAT WE ALL SHOULD TAKE BANK` S MONEY AWAY , CERTAINLY IN A LEGAL WAY  SUCH AS FOREX....HORAY........

James

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hi James,

it was not me that reopen but demoreal, so thanks to him

--- 帖子 #96 ---
. Thanks to demoreal as well.......  hoho......

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Morning Jimi, nice to see some well grounded rules for your genesis trading strategy.

We're all trading this differently as Jinchu said earlier but we all need comprehensive trading rules. I'm sure many who trade your style will benefit from your input.

@Intrepidpips, Trade on GU earlier, as we were discussing, reached beyond daily target so exited after bounce away from DP. (TP1 raced through normal target of +7/8 and kept going so let it run)

strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #98 ---
nice strada, morning to you

I see you trade on M1

well, I've found more realiable for me the M5

in any case it's really appreciate if you explain your trade

thanks

Jimi

--- 帖子 #99 ---
I like your KISS rules, well grounded, my only question is how do you check the stronger versus the weaker currencies, could you please shed more light on that?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
as i wrote in my earlier post #23:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...59#post7385759

this could be helpful

also downloadable here:

http://www.currencynewstrading.com/downloads/

you're welcome

J

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Sold DP + RN of Eur/Jpy

A little bit riskier then usual, since at the entry the ASC Trend H1 was not fully red but yet "flashing"

targeted daily low

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Yet another one Jimi

You mentioned you wait for M5 stoch to drop from above 80. What about M15 stoch? For this trade it was below 20 (strong trend) and also at the time of the short set up it was only temporarily crossing down (no fixed cross as yet). Do you just ignore it so far if it's below 20 in a trending condition, or do you pay attention if it crossed the right way round (in this case blue line going below red one)?

--- 帖子 #103 ---
I use M15 stoch just like to confirm M5 trade

In this case the trade is short and if the stoch is "dead on the floor" just like in this case for me it's enough as confirmation

hope it's clear and helps

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Thanks Jimi - it's clear and I'll have a look at that kind of set ups as well.

Before I used to trade set ups only if both M5 and M15 are dropping from high above in a nice angle.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Have a nive week-end

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Hello. Do you send me last Genenis Matrix version?

--- 帖子 #107 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796

--- 帖子 #108 ---
hi all, is anyone looking the USDCAD pair right now?. any suggestions on what PA might be doing?

--- 帖子 #109 ---
I know it's late, but I had a look (it may help understand the system better hopefully)

Well there was one long set up and it looks as if it failed if traded by Genesis' rules

If you took opposite (short trade) and tried to take profit at the normal Genesis signal stop it would have worked quickly though

--- 帖子 #110 ---
So far on usd/cad one would have been better off taking opposite signals (if using 1/1 r/r)

PS On the chart orange lines are for the failed signals and green lines are for working set ups.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
G/J

targeted half DP - R1

--- 帖子 #112 ---
What do you think about that last set up with the question mark? Would you trade it or not?

So far every long signal failed and short worked if going for 1/1 - all together 4 long failed signals and 3 short working ones. Is this going to be 5th failed long signal although it has nice stochs. If it works it would make it break even after 8 trades.

ADDED: There is Pivot just above the long entry

--- 帖子 #113 ---
IMHO

It was a long against M15 and M30

just my 2 cent

--- 帖子 #114 ---
This is pair I don't trade

In any case nope

It was a CT trade

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Thanks Jimi

--- 帖子 #116 ---
you're welcome

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Great to see this thread starting. I was reading through the original thread and demo trading Genesis when "the end" came. Will post here when I have something to contribute

Re: usd/cad: few if any participants from the original thread traded it, including rj.

Right now the ADR over the past 10 days is a paltry 62. As mentioned above, pairs with larger ranges will have a greater chance of reaching profit targets.

Also, from  casually watching this pair in the past, I've seen a lot of ranging/erratic PA and fakeouts/reversals which make it in my opinion a poor candidate for shorter-term strategies such as Genesis.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Did you stay in this one although matrix turned red (there was an opposite signal before price went up)?

--- 帖子 #119 ---
I was following it and it's difficult to say if it's working or not. It depends on exiting style I suppose. If one exits when matrix changes color, there could have been a small profit or break even there for this trade. If waiting for 1/1, still difficult to say.

Anyway in the best case if one took all the set ups from that first long, they would have maybe come to a bit less than one trade loss (if exiting on color change the last trade) or maybe break even or two trades loss (if waiting for 1/1). So loss or break even after 8 trades (lots of trading).

Maybe usd/cad is not the best pair to trade (together with eur/usd and few others) as Jimi and Cardinale pointed out.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Can anyone recommend preferred trading pairs.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Yeap

since ASC trend stay fully white and PA didn't hit the SL @ the previous swing low

--- 帖子 #122 ---
For intraday I tend to combine pairs with highest ADR and lowest spread

in my case:

Gold

G/J

E/A

E/J

This could help:

http://www.forexticket.com/en/tools/02-01-volatility

Anyway lately the market is horrible

--- 帖子 #123 ---
hi bro your chart look cool n clear .is it pooible to shareindi and  temp(just for settings)thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #124 ---
you'll find all here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Thanks mate, lets see what today holds.

May the trend be with you

--- 帖子 #126 ---
that's true the market is extremely horrible even in m5 too. I trade GJ and EA. I think this week would be a terrible trading for these pairs with exception of a day or two, I am basing this on last week's performance, although it is not up to the level, but it was a good trading week.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
In my humble opinion market is changed a lot and is in horrible way from several months

--- 帖子 #128 ---
hey demoreal,

If you check out the original genesis forum you will find a list of do's and don't in which it clearly mentioned avoiding less ATR currency pairs especially UCAD. I don't know if you  have seen the document. and also genesis works fine, at any time frame, only thing to keep in mind is to keep the emotions out of the trading and just go with the signals and the system and trigger the trade. don't expect how much you score per trade or per week or even per day. All it matters is (as RJ said) that the monthly net pip gain should be 600+, if you just maintain the calm and peace of mind.

I am recently testing the HTF trading using M30 as a standard time frame, I was just wondering if anyone is trading the HTF too..

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Personally I would have exited at that opposite signal and maybe reenter at later signal resulting in a loss or break even/small profit. Your way made much more, but with more risk if I'm not mistaken.

Anyway I'll think about that idea of yours - if trend stays as it is, I see how it goes if I ignore opposite signals.

Thanks Jimi

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Hi Civilpes2001

Thanks for the good advice

Would be interesting to see some examples of your trading style

--- 帖子 #131 ---
I totally missed the part about avoiding UCAD pairs, thanks mate. I might need to read the PDF some more

--- 帖子 #132 ---
FYI, the file name is "GMT" it is a word document

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Classic "martyfish prenews setup" occured today on EURAUD about 10 minutes before USD news. Took it, left it risk-free when it was +34 pips and closed it with pure luck when I saw the doubletop divergence forming (82,7 pips) . All of you who are struggling with your entries read through the original thread. Pay attention especially to the posts of martyfish. I learned a lot from him.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #134 ---
I hope you don't mind me saying this, but it's more towards gambling than trading (if you are talking about US Core CPI and also scheduled Yellen's speech 15 minutes after that)

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Well it is true that, trading during news is similar to trading, but in this case I suppose it is just a trade I guess, because if look at HTF charts (M15 and M30), it is surely a bull signal irrespective of the news. Well anyway, strangely I also use the similar setups in my trading too.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
You can say whatever you want, but that setup is one that martyfish executed succesfully multiple times in the original genesis thread. I've tried it three times succesfully so for me it is really becoming a HPT Genesis setup.

Martyfish received a lot of criticism about that setup in the original thread too. Below are his comments about the setup/criticism:

--- 帖子 #137 ---
I still can’t see how one can know in advance what Yellen may say and what the results may be - we can only guess/gamble

That’s the main reason I don’t trade those kind of set ups. Also at that time one may experience massive slippages and spreads.

Having said that, working set ups often look lovely in hindsight.

PS If the guess is wrong, slippages on stops can be horrendous

--- 帖子 #138 ---
jimi ti ho risposto su skype

--- 帖子 #139 ---
I have made around 23 pips with GJ, although it was a very very late entry.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Nice one Civilpes2001

I saw that up trend and set up, but didn't trade it

--- 帖子 #141 ---
I did missed this opportunity to go long on EA, Actually I fell asleep, thinking New york will do me a favour.

It is a nice 45 pips, excluding spread of course

--- 帖子 #142 ---
well actually I thought it was only 23 pips, but I didn't notice that the platform is hung up, so I restarted it and closed the trade as it was on the opposite direction. In reality it is about 60pips.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
I traded eur/jpy long. It's a nice pair to trade and also gbp/jpy was going up if that means anything.

The stochs were nice and matrix all blue and good for a long. Also entry point was long above local pivot level. It looked promising, but then turned pear shaped. Matrix was a bit like traffic lights - turned red and at that point price dropped a lot from my entry and was very close to my stop. I was thinking about the entry signal being so nice and there was only that Building Permits report that I thought it's not that important. So I decided to leave it open, thinking it may turn back up.

Well it didn't this time - maybe some other time

--- 帖子 #144 ---
hi demoreal, I actually got into today's trading late and luckily I took the sell on the EJ for about 12pips. it was so easy today I almost felt like a pro.

sorry for your bad trade, hope you leant something from it. cos that's all that really counts. till tomorrow and may the trend be with us.

PS

damn, the attachment is taking too long to load.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
If I may suggest adding M15 arrow to your chart and never trading against it (Basic rule of 5_15 Genesis System). Try also trading with both M5 and M15 chart open.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Thanks Meanwhile

Is there any description about arrows - the way they are designed? Somehow my impression is that they don't always match the classic definition of a trend (lower lows, lower highs or higher lows, higher highs). What about that adjustable value - is that number of periods, candles or something else?

--- 帖子 #147 ---
No problem demoreal. I don't remember how the arrows are designed. Don't know about the adjustable value either, it works fine without tuning. What I know is that arrow=asctrend. For example:

MTF Arrow M5 = ASCTrend M5

MTF Arrow M15 = ASCTrend M15

list continues..................................

So basically you can replace arrows with ASCTrend matrix made by Xaphod. Some prefer the matrix to keep their charts cleaner. You can get them here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=381999

--- 帖子 #148 ---
I'll stick to no tuning option as you suggested - thanks Meanwhile

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...48#post6908248

and here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...89#post6128489

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Thanks Xaphod

Also if I can use this opportunity to thank you for all the work (indicators and explanations) - much appreciated

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Demoraeal

Check your Pivots. FXI Pivots in different than your. If you want to add asctrend M15 I think you can save your self from this lost.

http://www.actionforex.com/markets/p...2010040848154/

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Thanks Ozgsnr

I definitely need to add some other things and see if I can improve my performance (I'll study it some more and see if I am missing something)

About pivots - I don't know. I was comparing 2 indicators and could see they are sometimes different and sometimes close together. So I chose the other one - I checked it with some of the posted charts and levels looked similar

--- 帖子 #153 ---
http://www.actionforex.com Check your Pivots here.

If the same like your's everything ok. If not. Possible your broker server wrong for Genesis system ( and for all others). I use FXpro demo account. Also RJ use this one. And all his test with this server time. Actualy it is base time for forex time.

But if you don't it. You can use Manual pivot. You can find it first orginal genesis page http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796 . Like all others what you need. Manual Pivot you can write last days info again from action forex internet page.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Hi demoreal,,As regards trends, may I suggest 50MA. It really works for me.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Thanks Adeleke

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Its easter holiday in my country so am also going on holiday from trading till monday.  For those trading on a holiday, best of luck and may the trend be with you. Happy holidays.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
You are welcome!

--- 帖子 #158 ---
is anyone thinking of BUY on the EURUSD right now?

--- 帖子 #159 ---
My BUY made me a nice 10+ pips. if I had spent more time on the laptop, I might have made more. I seem to be getting better at these

Hope others had a nice day too.

May the trend be with you

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At last my first attachment

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Entered EJ at LO. There was some volitility and spreads were high, waited for it to die down then entered. Will exit soon due to news coming in Europe. Now at BE

Short 141.72, no chart because in middle of trade.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Hope you didn't wait too long to enter hunter101. I usually trade the news though it makes me nervous, the greed in me just wouldn't let me stay away.. good luck with your trade mate, am still watching for a valid entry.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
5M Asctrend is still red. Once it turns white i will exit, or it will hit BE. No matter, im not worried. Part of trading.

As RJ says, he trades between Euro open and 2 hours after LO. The moves happen between these time frame. Usually he places a trade around LO.

Also trade hit BE. Part of learning this system. One day i will master it and EJ currency pair .

--- 帖子 #164 ---
One day we'll all master it, i hope

I also trade the London open and I just missed an opportunity to make a kill on the BUY.

well, lets hope we'll still get another set-up before the day ends

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Hello, Genesis Traders:

Below my EJ trade today-- entry seemed good but BAD exit, way prematurely. Also caught a few pips on the EJ FF upmove but exited early there too--the PA has been so erratic (or dead) lately over the holiday that I was nervous--need to not have such expectancy.

Entry on M1:

PA had been making Lower Highs while moving around R1

M5 Stoch <20 but shortly before that, was falling from OB

M15 Stoch just exiting OB

M5 Arrows appear

M5, M15 Genesis Matrices all red; M1, M5, H1 Trend Matrices red

SL <20 pips

Still well under Average Daily Range

PA subsequently made a clear Break & Failed Retest of R1 = strengthens case for short; one of Martyfish's favorite entries

Safer entry would have been at this point: ALL Matrices red + M15 Stoch now clearly falling from OB & "open"

Exit: much too early--jumpy exit at Monthly Pivot, which RJ disregards--should have monitored M5 & used this to exit--NO Genesis signal to exit when I did! PA went beyond DP-->25 easy pips more--eventually to low1.

Despite the poor exit, this trade was positive for me in my stage of development because the early PA at London Open was too fast for my eyes & level of experience, & because of news, too risky for me--and also, Aud pairs had already exceeded their Average Daily Ranges because of the earlier CPI data so I was feeling a little discouraged--but by watching & waiting, this nice, tractable, tradable Genesis signal appeared--as RJ says (said ), PATIENCE! Now to work on those exits...

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Nice job mate.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Here is a good Genesis trade. I was taking a nap when this trade transpired, wish i was awake. Everything lined up for this, 1M charts. Going with the trend. The only negative is that it was near the Daily pivot, so maybe to exit while viewing the 1M chart.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
http://www.forexlive.com/blog/2014/0...st-since-2007/

It's better stop wasting time with this rubbish

Genesis was a trend follower system, but in this market situation, with "dead" ADR and no volatility, is better work "contrarian"

just my 2 cents

--- 帖子 #169 ---
I've only been trading Genesis for less than a month. I've combined it with stuff I've learned previously TMS, SonicR etc. but Genesis gives me my entry signals and it is doing it very well. I have no intentions changing to a different system because this works fine.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

jimi you've been trashtalking around FF blaming Genesis for burning your account. Please don't do that. As Realjumper said:

"You need to have a reasonable understanding of how the markets work as well as how to trade to get the best from this system, and that involves looking at other TF's to get an overall picture of what the market is doing. I never just look at the M5 chart and make a judgement on it......which is what you're asking me to do here. If you are just going to look at the M5 chart and take any Genesis signal that comes along, you're not going to succeed."

So just my 2 cents: don't blame Genesis, blame yourself!

--- 帖子 #170 ---
I really don't know what your problem is jimi....I mean, you running around FF dissing the Genesis system like you do. You're sounding rather pathetic because Genesis has been through all market conditions over the past 2 years and has handled all conditions very well. I have even posted 4 week tests on trading Genesis in the M15 TF, the M5 TF and even the M1 TF, and in all cases, the system was profitable. It has been traded on the H1 TF as well as the H4, so I'm not sure why you have this petty childish attitude, but lets see if we can find out, shall we?

Your first post here at FF was in Sept 2013, and you began like most newbies, asking typically newbie questions.

In November that year, I allowed you to post in the Genesis thread.....and in your first post there you said:

"At first, most important thing, I am unfortunately NOT a profitable trader yet. Why? Exactly, I don't know, because after many years trying, and tons of money lost, I'm just a bit confused......The only things I'm sure are I would be a full time trader, I do not want lose again, and I've not much time and money remained. So, any even little help from you will be really much appreciate." (http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...77#post7110677)

My reply to you was: "A couple of points.....one is to not risk any money at all! Start a demo account with (say) $1,000 and trade that account wisely. When you have doubled that account, open a real account, but only for (say) $200. When you can turn that account into $400, then you might want to consider trading slightly larger lots as per the spreadsheet that you will find on the thread.

Another point is to focus on the job in hand...unless you get to know the system (any system) intimately, you will never succeed."

As we shall see, this advice, which is the help you asked for, was ignored by you.

So an unprofitable trader joins a proven system and asks for help, then ignores that help. Not off to a very good start there jim lad!!

Moving on....

In Early December, I thought you were getting the hang of things when you posted:

"No underwater days for now with M1/Method. Thank you very much RJ. I hope one day I'll be able to send back what I've received" (http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...79#post7133479)

But then, you started getting cocky with your trading.....and remember, you were trading for real money, which goes against not only my advice, but also common sense! Yet there was a glimmer of hope on December 19, when all the competent traders had finished for the year as the market becomes dangerous for the next 3-4 weeks:

"today I remained stick with my rules and I've reached my daily target: 30. Thank you all for your useful help." (http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...31#post7163931)

The next day.....when most of the traders were packing up for Christmas, and as I just said, it's a dangerous time to try to trade.....any competent trader knows this....but however, you said:

"I could post a lot of charts where you have all stochs aligned, all the matrix in the same colour and the price jump immediatly in the opposit direction with no more retracement. In any case, thank you a lot to all for the help you sent me, but I leave. good luck to all and thank you again." (http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...92#post7168192)

My response at your exit from Genesis after just a few weeks was:

"You haven't understood that FX trading is not as simple as entering solely because stochs and matrix 'line up'. You have received some great advice from several people here, and you haven't even bothered to consider what I wrote in this post.

If trading this (or any system) was as simple as you seem to think it is, we would just make Genesis into an EA and watch the money roll in. Sadly, as I have said, FX trading takes time, dedication and understanding of how the markets work.

If you're not going to put in the 'hard yards' for as long as it takes, you are going to fail....and I don't mean that in a nasty way....but it's a fact!

Good luck searching for something that suits you, clearly Genesis isn't it......but I reiterate, without putting in the considerable effort required, no system will help you."

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...15#post7168215).

And with that, you left the thread and I deleted your ability to post there.

Then you accuse me banning you, which I did not do. You left, as we can all see.

Lets have a look at some of posts to other threads shall we....right up to and including trading right through Christmas and New year, when all the banks are closed and it is simply THE most dangerous time to attempt trading

"I'm short but this crappy does not want to fall anymore............"

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...37#post7173537)

"this shitty is going up again instead of falling.............."

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...17#post7173617)

"Ready to close all my short positions ending the year in loss "

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...64#post7176864)

"anyone is understanding what is this crappy doing? "

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...37#post7184837)

"long and margin call"

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...66#post7185066)

"no more money, the end"

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...95#post7185095)

"I have no more"

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...18#post7185118)

"Today I'm not able to figure out what this crappy is doing........."

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...28#post7309528)

"what does this crappy pair doesn't wanna fall anymore?"

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...96#post7318896)

"Damn............they are buying again.........."

(http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...40#post7319240)

I could go on and on , but I'm sure that everyone gets the picture by now.

You have (allegedly) been trading for several years and you have not been able to be profitable. You ask for help and when it's given you don't listen to the help. Not just help that I have given, but many others have tried too.

You got a margin call, and it should come as no surprise when you tried trading through Christmas and New Year shut down period...FFS!

When the market goes against you blame the "crappy"...or the "damn buyers".....or you even have the gall to blame the system, and months later keep dissing the system because *YOU* can't trade this, or any other system. Simple logic shows how the Genesis system has *proved* itself through all market conditions on many time frames, provided the trader knows what he's doing.....which you don't.....and never did....and still don't.

You're not qualified to say whether a system works or not because you don't know the first thing about trading. In order to evaluate a system, you need to be (firstly) an experienced and profitable trader, and (secondly), you need to spend more than a few weeks with that system.

So I'm getting rather tired of you running around FF acting like some big shot, when it is abundantly clear to anyone who is bored enough to read your childish and temperamental posts.

If you don't like a system......just move on. To keep going to different threads to diss a well proven system is rather childish and it shows you up as a bit of an idiot, to be honest.

Hundreds of people use Genesis, not only here at FF, just Google 'Genesis Matrix Trading' and you'll see how popular it is.

Do you really think that hundreds and hundreds, probably thousands of people are all wrong and you alone are right???

You can't trade this, or any other system because you're emotional and arrogant. The market loves to take the money from people like you.....and quite frankly, so do I and the other Genesis traders. We need you to keep feeding the market so that we can make money.....and my bank account looks pretty good right now...thank you.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
I don't know what is your problem with genesis. it works fine in all time frames and it is more reliable depending on the user, and how he uses.

earlier I used to work on m5 and m15, but now I have shifted to H1, sooner I will be shifting my focus on H4 time frame as recently, I have back tested the genesis on HTF, it works great and it yields the average of 400 to 700 pips per months depending on the volatility. Moreover I trust the system. so far it is been working on every level.

if you are complaining about the volatility, I suggest you go to H4 or H1 and test the genesis, you will know you can decently make reasonable amount of pips with less losses or almost no losses.

Pity on you blaming the system.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Again one quality post by RJ! Sad to see the original thread closed, I found it about month before it was shut down. Still I'm very thankful because this way the thread remained clean and well organized (the 1st post is AMAZING). If you ever decide to open a new thread here or elsewhere I would love to contribute.

I want to thank you Realjumper and whole Genesis team. It really is a fine system!

--- 帖子 #173 ---
you are ...dead wrong ...  a-g-a-i-n ... jimi boy

you never learn, huh?

--- 帖子 #174 ---
this week has been a crappy session, lets hope next week would be a good one

--- 帖子 #175 ---
For someone who was  so gung ho about the thread earlier you possess such great negativity.  I don't use genesis in my trading but I sure wont bash a system created with the intent to help traders become successful. There's not a system or indicator to make you profitable unless you find the time to understand how forex markets work.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
I've to say Genesis is definitely one of the best system I've found so far. The hardest thing for inexperienced trader is to filter out low probability trade and fake "reversal". I've traded Genesis for almost a year, maintaining 50 - 100 pips gain daily. The longest consecutive winnings I have had so far is 22 trades straight and each of them has a minimum of +10 pips gain. The only thing I've added to RJ's template is the EMA 60. NOTHING ELSE. All you need is just to look for short setup below EMA 60 and long setup above EMA 60. Genesis is just this simple guys................ You really don't need to add anything or think too much when you see a valid setup.

Which pairs do I trade? I trade EU, EA, EJ, GJ and GU. 90% of the time I can easily earn 20 pips in each pair on a daily basis.

One more thing to add, I don't look at H1,H4 or even daily stoch when trading. Those are just the unnecessary add-on to the system.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Hello sasakiac can post an example?, Thanks.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Wow, its great to hear from RJ, though the circumstance was not too pleasant, we here truely hope you'll stay and contribute to the growth of YOUR  system.One clear cut rule on all public thread is that people would definately say one or two things that you'll not like, just ignore them mate.

Now as for Jimi, well, I know how you feel bro. I've been there and it not a pleasant place to be at all. Jumping from one system to another and lossing from one system to another. It quite frustrating bro. But the real issue here is not with the system but its your trading experience and your ability to understand PA. No matter what the indicators say, you should never trade against a trend. Also mate you need to study a system until it works for you, this might include making some adjustments but you must be certainly that its working for YOU and not just take people's word for it.

If you're interested, I can post the way I trade Genesis here, just to help each other out.

Now gentle men, let's enjoy the weekend and. Come make some money on monday

PS

Hope we'll hear more from you Sasakiac

--- 帖子 #179 ---
I've received several PMs regarding how I choose and filter trades so I've made a decision to post a chart with some explanations. There is really nothing special because everything is the same as RJ's trading strategy. I've personally added a M15 matrix just to help myself to stay in a trade because I usually don't have M15 chart open.

Please note, I only trade the old M5/M15 method.

Entry:

1) above or below daily pivot

2) above or below EMA 60 (Green line)

3) Full M5 Matrix

4) M5/M15 arrow (conservative)

Exit:

- I don't want to repeat it here because everything is in the genesis thread pdf

What do I do if the market is ranging?

If you see the market is ranging, just trade another pair. It's very rare to find a valid genesis setup in a ranging market. Even if you do so, try to exit with small profit or use swing exit explained in the first Genesis PDF. It is just this simple.

I've to say that I totally understand why RJ was so mad and managed to close his thread. It is because people are not reading the PDFs and other people's comments carefully. Please do not intend to add anything else because Genesis Matrix System is already "COMPLETE"

** One more thing to add, please read RJ's M1 pdf explanation regarding ASCTrend possible color changing issue. Again, no system is perfect, no one can avoid losses in forex trading.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Hi SASAKIAC, thanks for the clear charts. My reasoning would be that, in the first instance, it's just before London open and price is moving up towards the DP and to top it all, the stochs have slowed down(congested) to a degree. In the second instance, price is moving away from the DP, the stochs are all heading down and it's after NY open. In retrospect,  price-action is on the move down according to the MA's.  IMHO.
Safe trading!
Pete

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Hi Sasakiac

Thanks for posting your set ups/charts.

You mentioned M15 matrix and that reminds me of how I used to set up my charts at the beginning.

I don't know if you are aware, but for M15 matrix to have fixed value you need to wait for 15 minutes or for 3 columns of dots. In your example you showed one set up where you drew a vertical line through the first column of M15 matrix. Now it looks good as the price went down afterwards, but if it went back up that column would have turned from red to blue.

Why? Because to get fixed colour on M15 matrix you have to wait for 15 minutes and not only first 5 minutes. So if you are conservative trader and you wait for fixed value on M15 you may miss a big part of the move. On the other hand if you jump in before confirmed value on M15, that value may change.

That's one of the major issues I am still trying to deal with. In hindsight all that looks obvious, but not so at the time of possible entry.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
The same applies to any other indicator that is higher time frame than 5 minutes - stochastic, ASC trend etc. If it's 30 minutes, then you have to wait for 6 columns - even more waiting. In hindsight all the working ones look good - you just choose the first column and everything appears as if it worked nicely in hindsight.

Failed ones you can't see. Why? Well because they changed colour, crossed back etc. - although they were there for the first 5 minutes.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Thank you for your post Sasakiac. Your "analysis routine" is really close to what I am testing since the end of the original Genesis thread.

As I said in another post, since that happened I went back to the roots of the system by reading once again all the pdfs and the 200 first pages of the thread.

At that time, it seems that it was an often discussed way to analyse.

Unfortunately, for me, the results was kind of mixed and for almost every positive trade, I had enough small negative ones to reduce the profit to 0. But I still have to practice to spot the trades that have a higher probability of success.

The differences between my tests and your experience was that I chose to filter my trades with a 60SMA (which was discussed and approved by RJ with Martyfish). And even if I saw some people filter their trades with the Pivot in the early days of the original thread, I didn't thought about using BOTH of these to filter trades.

I'll try to keep that in mind for future tests. Anyway, thanks again for your input, it's encouraging.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hey sasakiac,

Nice trading example, but I got the essence, and almost I use the same method, instead of using M5 matrix, I use only M15 matrix in M5 time frame and EMA 50. It hardly makes any difference (i.e., EMA 60 and EMA 50)

here are my take on your questions. let me know if i have missed anything.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Great!!!

So let me make an example, just to know if I've understood right well......

Example as your post:

- Account @ January 01 2014 > 10.000 Euro;

- Max SL 30 pips;

- Max risk per trade with 30 pips SL > 2% of the total account;

- Average daily gain 50 pips > almost 8,5% of the account

- Number of days of trading in a year > 200

- Compounding with no withdrawal;

- At the end of the year, just as your previous post, you'll have in the account (with compounding and no withdrawal) almost 121.884.263.363 Euro

And then you have to be already rich just now? is it right?

Please if you don't mind, let me know if I've understood clearly

Excuse if not

Many thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Hey demoreal,

It is indeed a really a good point. and RJ has clarified it in one of the pdfs.

I personally use M15 Matrix in M5 chart along with M5 and M15 Asctrend. My take on this is that normally i have observed over the charts is that M15 matrix appears (most of the time) only when the corresponding M5 matrix has cleared in M5 chart. (unfortunately, it is hard to explain over the chart for me...). so, if that logic is correct then, it is better to use M15 matrix instead of using both M5 and M15 matrix - because M5 matrix is inside the M15 matrix, it should bound to be true signals (most of the times). if one uses only M5 matrix its fine. but if one takes the risk of trading only on M5 chart (or M15....) the conformity of having only M15 matrix (& HTF matrix) is much greater than M5 matrix (or the current TF matrix) chart. anyway it is a food for thought.

I enter at the second column of the M15 matrix, unlike which has been shown in the chart.

I personally think it is a bit tricky than in simplifying as you have put it, even though it is logically true and colours can change after completing 15 min or so....

It is true that one can always miss the bigger part of the move, but it is always being safe, gets us off the hook of fear and anxiety. moreover, you only need around 30 to 40 pips a day in order to reach an enormous amount at the end of year or 2 years depending on one's goal and anything comes after those pips are bonus, so I guess entering late with more conformity with less pips wouldn't make much difference if one has a long term goal.

Regards,

civilpes2001

--- 帖子 #187 ---
I use the tdi for higher timeframe trading but if I'm trading m5 then genesis is my favourite system to trade it, nothing beats it for an entry signal on the lower timeframes.

I will just say I have no idea how some people can use the mtf stochastic that doesn't print until the end of the 15min bar because if using Xaphod's which prints the whole thing, you can see in an instant where the stoch is and you need to be able to see it otherwise how do you know if the stoch is starting to move up or down half way through the m15 bar.

I've also noticed quite a few posts on here with the pivots clearly marked only a few pips away and yet trading into them, you are far better off instead of hoping price will go through it just because the matrix has turned a certain colour, to wait for price to go through and then wait for it to retest it, bounce off it and then go in.  If it doesn't go through, you then are not in a losing trade, if it does and doesn't come back then you missed it, look for another trade.  I only trade towards a pivot if I have enough room to move to breakeven.

Another thing, check the ADR of the currency before you trade it, if it only has an average 46 pips daily range look for another pair, you are unlikely to get many pips even assuming it goes in one direction all day.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
I think it's not always true

Enter late it means often exit in loss

--- 帖子 #189 ---
This post in particular took my eye.  What do all the failed trades on your chart have in common, thats the type of question you should ask yourself when you are learning to trade a system, ie. is there a common factor or not, is it just bad luck or does the system suck.

I've borrowed the image of the chart you posted, failed trades 1, 2, 3 and 4 ALL of them were too close to resistance which it was trying to break and couldn't (even with news later on in the day) and no room to move the BE if needed.  The wins ALL had a good distance (for such a small ADR currency) to the next pivot down after rejecting the resistance above.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Agree

And it's impossible make a visual backtest scrolling down to the left the charts, for many reason; one of them is it's impossible watch the pivots of the previous days

--- 帖子 #191 ---
The pivots RJ posted on the genesis thread shows the previous days pivots quite a way back.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
You're assuming too much.  His tolerance of risk may not be 2% it may be 0.0001%, he may not compound, or he could withdraw on a regular basis.  You obviously don't believe those pip gains are possible, well I'm sorry but they definitely are possible.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
yes, but the example was different

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Where did he mention his risk per trade and whether he compounds or not??

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Thanks Civilpes2001, Latingwell and Geomink for the responses.

I'm still trying to achieve consistent profitability and appreciate your advice as how to get there. I prefer realistic posts to exaggerated claims (never understood why some of the members need to exaggerate about their trading - it's not as if they are going to make profit out of it)

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Great post sasakiac.........apart from the E60 addition the system is still the same - it ain't broke - don't fix it.  It's OK to add your own touches but gee whiz the system works.  RJ has handed most people, the one's who are willing to read and go the hard yards, the keys to their future - what a gift!!  Just because it's FREE doesn't mean it's not a good system.   Doesn't get any easier than that!!

PM1

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Sometime I enter with conservative rule with M15 arrow and sometime I do not. But in order for the trade to become a HPT, we need to see the M15 arrow catch up at least 3-6 bars after, or else we should just start closing the trade at break-even. It's true that M15 Matrix and arrow can change before the matrix complete, but it should not really affect our entry. If it's a HPT, then it's a HPT. However, a HPT trade can still become a loss trade. No system is perfect!

Entry:

1)Standard Genesis setup

2)Below EMA60

3)Below daily pivot

Exit: Minor support

+20 pips gained from this trade.

Genesis is just this simple....

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Hey Everyone, good to see the thread continue.

Tokyo open has been OK today, 3 trades on 3 different pairs.

Entry on all trades was away from the 60SMA and also DP. Also, M5 matrix, and M5 Arrow (sometimes M15) were all present.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Good job ExcessFX with ur +73 pips in tokyo session !

I've to remind the rest of the Genesis traders that +50 pips per day is extremely possible. If you can't make at least 20 pips per day, it means you simply do not understand Genesis Matrix System. So stop questioning about the profitability of the system or think that we are exaggerating about our daily pip gain. Go back and read over the entire Genesis thread and practice on a demo account.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Hey Excess, Does that supertrend indicator help you to filter trades as well? Can you post your version?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Thanks Sasakiac, I tend to agree, I think its a matter of trading the system until you totally understand it.

I know i won't be turning away from the GMTS!

Some sound advice you gave on post 181, good stuff.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #202 ---
pretty sure its similar to the standard arrows, More info here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=329399

XS

--- 帖子 #203 ---
are you sure your open/close lines are right?

maybe mines are wrong

--- 帖子 #204 ---
about EA trade you entered before signal candle was closed; I think it's against the page #1's rules of this system

the profit would not be 20 pips

--- 帖子 #205 ---
about this trade you entered before signal candle was closed; I think it's against the page #1's rules of this system

--- 帖子 #206 ---
I meant it was MINE example

In any case I'd prefer his answer then yours

--- 帖子 #207 ---
did you take three trades toghether on live account?

how much did you risk per trade?

thanks

--- 帖子 #208 ---
anyone from LO?

--- 帖子 #209 ---
late entry

23 pips instead of 28

--- 帖子 #210 ---
EA Short - 17 pips, pre Frankie trade.

Its taken off in the other direction now!

XS

--- 帖子 #211 ---
GU - 28 Pips

Hit TP at R1

XS

--- 帖子 #212 ---
do you usually enter long even below the daily pivot?

it seems you get more importance to the ma then other things, is it right?

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Hello everyone, just created my account because even if I am trying this system for quite some time, I am more a reader than a poster.

I just wanted to say that what I thought was a little bit unfortunate in the previous thread was that the experienced traders that were posting their trades and doing analysis on it were always posting charts after everything happened.

I did a lot of tests on past charts, actually, I've spent most of my weekends going back up to a year in the past on several pairs to apply as strictly as I could the basic genesis rules to see if I was understanding it well.

But I came to the conclusion that it wasn't reliable to learn that way, and I don't know if that's just me but, I don't feel like I am learning from analysis done on a chart on which everything as already happened.

What I am trying to say is that, it is easy to find a good entry when the slope and the crosses of the Stochastics are set in stone.

But when you try to trade a live chart, slopes and crosses can still be affected by PA and from what I've been experiencing these last weeks, if I try to wait a couple of periods to be sure that crosses and slopes are "validated", it's generally too late. On the other hand, if I try to enter a trade as soon as everything align itself, the PA move the other way and what was a stochastic cross at that time is actually just a bounce.

So, in short, I think for me what could make me learn alot more would be the same kind of analysis done on charts at the moment at which we should make an entry. I would be very gratefull if experienced members could do that.

(I know that it sounds like I'm asking to others to tell me when to enter a trade but I am not, if you want to help me and maybe other members by doing this kind of analysis, please don't post until them too early. It could turn a nice learning thread in a "Do as I say" thread)

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Under DP was the only thing against this one. Other than that, everything else was looking good, stochs, arrows (M5 + M15) etc.

S/L was only about 7 pips or so.

XS

--- 帖子 #215 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #216 ---
All taken together, risk 2%.

I have attached a target sheet that you can alter to suit. Its not perfect, just a rough guide.

*Credit due to PM1 who posted a similar spreadsheet in the old thread

XS

--- 帖子 #217 ---
thank you very much

--- 帖子 #218 ---
ssakiac, thanks for sharing...it helps.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
just hit the "stamp" on the keyboard and past the screenshot in paint program

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Unfortunately when you post in a forum you will have others commenting, my point was, there are a lot of examples I can make up entirely in my own head and thats what you had done.  I was pointing it out just in case someone thought he had actually put those as examples himself.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
EA 16 pips

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Thanks for the acknowledgement ExcessFX    but the old thread how about the original thread.......

PM1

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Ha ha, ok lets run with "original" thread then

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Right now the EURUSD is looking very uncertain. for me

--- 帖子 #225 ---
I like simple system, with a simple rules and earn a simple profit....

Buy EJ before Tokyo session and close out with a +28 pips

I am selling EA too, the trade is still running......

--- 帖子 #226 ---
EA +52pips

Entry is as per Sasakiac.

1) above or below daily pivot

2) above or below EMA 60 (Green line)

3) Full M5 Matrix

4) M5/M15 arrow (conservative)

--- 帖子 #227 ---
According to Sasakiac, when you are above the Daily Pivot you have to take only Long setup but you just take a short...

But it works sometimes ^^

--- 帖子 #228 ---
that's great. I also took a sell on the EURJPY and I closed early for a 15pips. but am happy.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
That is not exactly right. You can go for short after testing some resistance point above daily pivot. It's called the swing trading explained in m5 method PDF.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
There is a sell signal on GJ and EJ. Anybody take the signal, 😌

--- 帖子 #231 ---
You bet! a little late, but still OK...

ExcessFX

Edit: Closed for 19 pips.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Morning all, Missed all the signals yesterday, lets see what today brings

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Morning all I missed the action for over a week now...

howz evry1 doin?

--- 帖子 #234 ---
No more post in this thread?

I suppose you're all busy making money........................

--- 帖子 #235 ---
what a wonderful loss!

--- 帖子 #236 ---
where is the entry point ? :nerd:

--- 帖子 #237 ---
the chart doesn't show anything.......

--- 帖子 #238 ---
short LO

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Actually about a 5 pip loss including spread if you take it out at the next buy signal.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Subscribed it! ​

Thanks

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Hi Genesis traders,

I want to say a massive thank you to RJ and the Genesis team for giving us such a great system. I was lurking in the original thread for a while, learning the system and trying to improve my consistency. I am currently in the process of going back over the senior thread members posts. I work full time but my shift pattern of 5 days working and then 4 days off gives me time to trade. I am trading live but only micro lots and will keep it this way until my profitability improves. I would very much like to part of a trading community where we can all learn from each others successes and mistakes and therefore want to post some of my trades from next week.

Captain.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
just took a SELL on the EURUSD, lets see what happens

--- 帖子 #243 ---
........seems the forex market is "dead"....................

--- 帖子 #244 ---
You can say that again. Maybe some news anticipation that I don't know about?

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Bank holiday on both GBP & JPY. Will be fairly quite i imagine.

tokyo session was ok today.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Damn, you would think I would have learnt by now. my sell was a lost

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Forgive me for saying, but I think having the m15 stoch set at 5,3,3 is sort of defeating the object of having it there, its too close to the m5 stoch, you would be better of having it at 11,3,3 the same as m5.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
I agree to the M15 arrow for HPT trade especially in a trending market. You wouldn't want to eat the heads and tails of a fish, but M15 filters both ends, gives us all the meat in the middle. Although a bit late with the signal, using M15 chart alone provides a much accurate filter for getting in and out of the trade.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Just a heads up, there is a JPY Bank holiday today.

Tokyo session may be quite… or erratic.

Something to consider anyway if trades are not forthcoming today.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Really? ok thanks . i'll check it out. the truth is I ain't really a big fan of indicators. even while trading Genesis, I still wait for PA to pull-back before entering a trade. when all the indicators are telling me to GO, that to me is the first bell, when PA does a pull-back and plunges towards that direction again, then I enter.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Good afternoon. I took this trade on GBPJPY this morning in Frankie hour just after 6:35 GMT. I use a non MT4 broker and just use MT4 for charting. I will add the market open indi and BRN indi to my posting template before tomorrow. I took a screenshot of the trade just after entry and just after exit. The trade worked out but this does not necessarily make it a good trade. Please give your comments to help me and others improve.

Pros: M5,M15,M30,H1 arrows and matrix all white. A bounce of the DP with a series of higher lows.

Cons: 15 min stoch not the most convincing i've ever seen. Would like SL under DP which would make it around 25 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I decided to exit when price seemed to struggle to go higher and 5min TVI was staying red.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The result was 32 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Looks pretty ok to me

--- 帖子 #253 ---
just took a buy on the EURUSD, lets see what happens.

think  I waited abit too late though

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Good morning. I have been watching GJ, EJ, EA since FO but havent taken anything. The closest i came was this (red line) on the EJ but very CT with red M15, M30, H1, H4 arrows so decided to pass.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Damn, another loss

--- 帖子 #256 ---
hope you caught this one Captainforex.

good 20pips+

--- 帖子 #257 ---
I also took another shot at EURUSD after my loss earlier today. just closed it for 5pips. it was a buy but I think PA is pulling back and with high impact news coming up, am just glad to close the day in profit, no matter how little.

here is the screen shot

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Hi Adeleke. Unfortunately I could only give 3 hours to trading today so missed the move. I would suggest updating your M15 stoch settings as lastingwell suggested from 5,3,3 to 11,3,3. Did you enter at the point you took the screen shot? I have overlaid the m15 stoch -mtf onto the chart and it doesnt look too convincing. I know hindsight trading is the easiest thing in the world to do but i prefer the second red line on the below chart. Not only does the m15 stoch look better but price has made a series of higher lows from support and at some point the M30 arrow has turned white (not sure exactly with hindsight). At the moment I am using the M30 arrow to recognise trend and not trading against it. Martyfish suggested trying this although I cant find the post at the moment.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
no more ADR, no more gain?

--- 帖子 #260 ---
ok Captainforex, I think I would adjust my indicators but as regards my entry, it was the third line on your chart cos I usually wait for a pullback before I make my move.

Missed this morning's BUY on EURUSD, still waiting for a chance to re-enter

--- 帖子 #261 ---
took advantage of the news for a quick 18pips on EURJPY. that should be all for me today.

Am not attaching chart cos that was not a Genesis type trade infact, its not any trade system I know about, just followed PA greedily.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Good morning Genesis traders. I placed a sell on EA a little while ago.

Pros: Red arrows on M15,30, H1,H4 (M5 turned red shortly after entry.

Red matrix on M5,15,30,H4 (2 red on H1)

Lower low and lower high from resistance of BRN 1.4800

Cons: M15 stoch only just crossed down (M30 had been down for a little while though)

Selling quite close to resistance.

Screen shot taken very soon after entry.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
I meant to say selling close to support! Its moved about 25 pips now. SL to BE.

Edit: I had to go out so set a TP at 1.4725 as price reacted there looking left on the chart. Result when I got back +47. Lots of pips left on the table but mustn't grumble!

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Hey guys, after reading the original thread back and forth, I've finally found something useful to keep myself disciplined.

The hardest thing for us is to find a way to read stoch properly. I've concluded that there are only 2 types of "valid genesis setup" what we call as HPT

Perfect M5 entry

1) has "JUST" come down from OB/OS

2) Stoch has "JUST" reached "50" level

3) "Must" open clearly above or below SMA 5

4) Genesis full color

M5 stoch pull back and go in the same direction with M15 stoch

1) M15 "must cross "50" level

2) M5 either just hit "50" or "30" or "70"

3) M5 open above/below SMA 5

4) Genesis full color

** Keep in mind that we have to use SMA 5 for trading. The 5/15 pdf powered by wiz uses EMA5, but RJ uses SMA 5 by himself.

** These 2 types of entry quite often lead the PA to next SR level easily.

** Setup usually only happen once or twice per day. If I understand it correctly, this is also why RJ's trades are so limited.

******Extremely impossible to lose if you enter with these types of setup--- minimum of 20 pips guaranteed*******

Please comment if you have other views. I'm still trying to be a better GMS trader as well

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Hi Forex 1016,

thanks for your suggestions. I have a question. Regarding to this picture:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is it a valid setup? M5 stoch came from oversold area, but it had a move back for a bit and then increased again.

Also do you check for the perfect M5 entry the M15 stoch too or only at the pullback entry?

Regarding to your Pullback entry:

"2) M5 either just hit "50" or "30" or "70" "

You mean that M15 stoch has to came from OB/OS and cross 50 and after e.g. for sell M5 stoch has to hit 30,50 or 70 level and turn back+ also Genesis matrix signal.

Could you please post few more example pictures if you have time.

It is looks quiete good setups.

Thank you!

Regards

--- 帖子 #266 ---
If you look at the template you will see that RJ uses a 5 EMA with a shift of 2 applied to Typical price (HLC/3) not a SMA.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Selling on EURUSD right now, lets see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
What a very terrible day. Exited the SELL too early at breakeven then made some horrible mistakes on the EJ. ended the day with a loss

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Good morning. I would like to share a small loss trade I just had on EJ.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Pros: Arrows, M5,15,30,H1

Matrix, M5,15,30, 3 white on H1

Price on M5 had just made a small higher high and higher low

Cons: I am buying below the DP

I entered shortly before the above screen shot was taken. The trade took off quickly in my favour to a max of about 12 pips but turned back almost as fast. I decided to get out at about -4 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Lessons: Buying quite close below the DP perhaps i should have lowered my expectations or moved SL to BE or maybe I should have left the trade for someone else!

Edit: HTF stochs probably also not the most convincing

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Good morning. An EJ trade for me this morning that gave me 40 pips. Entry was on the open after the first red line and the close on the second.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Pros: Red M5,15,H4 arrows

Red M5, M15 matrix, 3 red on M30

Price had made a series of tests below the DP then made a lower low and lower high.

Cons: White M30,H1 arrows

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Im not happy with the exit. I think i should have moved my SL to a small profit above S1 with the aim of making it to S2/BRN 139.00

--- 帖子 #271 ---
hi Captain,My first trade for today ends in a break-even

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Good morning Adeleke. I had a trade on EA this morning. Im not very proud of it. It was with trend with all arrows and matrix m5,15,30,H1,H4 white but i had an itchy trigger finger and entered before the M5 stoch had crossed up. I was thinking it was going to cross up and was worried i was going to miss the move. Not a good thing that bad behaviour is rewarded. Anyway, noted in my journal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #273 ---
my second trade for the day looks better, (I hope)

already got 5 pips off this one and now on BE, my second target is 20pips, fingers crossed

--- 帖子 #274 ---
I took the same trade on EJ.

Pros: I liked the way it rejected the DP and made a series of lower highs.

Cons:against the M15,M30,H1 arrows!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As i type this it looks like I exited early! The BRN acted as a turning point yesterday so thats why I decided to take my profit.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Just wonderful. I got 17pips on this one. if I had waited 5 more seconds, I would have my 20pips. but I am super happy that this system is working for me. PA is still falling I ain't doing anymore today. how is your end Captain?

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Adeleke. I am pretty happy with today. I made some mistakes but still learning. EJ made it to S1 but I still got a nice bag of pips. I am done for today as well. Have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
this is for the weekend man. Cheers

--- 帖子 #278 ---
guys... why GHL on genesisMatrix always red???

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Hi probosciger. I am by no means a computer whizz but from page 1 of the genesis thread:

6. I have downloaded the zip file and installed everything, but one line (or more) of the Genesis Matrix is one solid colour, it never changes. What's going on?
The most common reason for this is that you do not have all the indicators properly installed. The Genesis Matrix draws it's data from the indicators in the zip file, and it looks to the 'experts/indicators' folder to find the indicators it needs. If the indicators are not in the 'experts/indicators' folder, then the Genesis Matrix cannot display the data!

And from Cody (post 717 of genesis):

Re-extract from the zip file as follows:

Everything that ends in .mq4 or .ex4 from the genesis_ind_templ.zip file should go into the experts\indicators folder of your MT4 installation.

The genesis.tpl file should go into the templates folder that is directly below the MT4 installations root folder. Overwrite the one that is probably already there from your first attempt.

Restart your MT4, and you should be fine.

Also if you are using MT4 build 600+ have you downloaded the new zip file?

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Thank you captainforex. Yes, i use MT4 B646. I downloaded new zip-file with indicators for build 600+. I reinstall all indicators and currently all right. I have no idea why it was so. But currently all OK. Thank you for your response

--- 帖子 #281 ---
The 'experts/indicators' folder is now the 'MQL4/Indicators' folder if you are using MT4 Build 600+

And..

"Troubleshooting: Check the 'Journal' and 'Expert' tabs in the terminal window for errors."

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Thanks Xaphod for all the great Genesis tools you have given us.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Good afternoon. Ive only just got back from work so no trading today. I was just having a look through the charts to see what has been happening today. On the EA there is a trade I might have considered. The pair was in an uptrend from tokyo. It then found resistance at R1 and came back to test support at about 1.4650 several times (just above DP). Would the ranging price action have put others off and would I be better to wait for a break of the range?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There were a couple of entries on EJ that might have tempted me. After the failed break northwards of the DP there were a series of lower highs then a break and retest of BRN 139.00.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not sure how these would have looked real time. Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hi Captain, I've had a bit of problem going online today so I could not show pictures of my chat as at entry point but I did take that very late trade on your EJ and I shot-down immediately cos I had to do a lot of things today. came back and I had my cool 18pips..  Am really becoming more and more confident with this system. thanks you RJ once again and  Xaphod

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Morning all, its looking like a very active day on the currency market but am still watching for a good set-up.  Missed the previous SELL opportunity on the EU cos of London open policy, hope to get other set-ups. Good luck to you all and may the trend be with you.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Hey! Thanks for your view. May I ask you for further details. I and everyone else will appreciate your response.

Perfect M5 entry

1) has "JUST" come down from OB/OS  <- Did you mean both M5 and M15 Stochs or just M15, Or just M5?

2) Stoch has "JUST" reached "50" level  <- Did you mean both M5 and M15 Stochs or just M15, Or just M5?

3) "Must" open clearly above or below SMA 5

4) Genesis full color

--- 帖子 #287 ---
You are welcome. Glad to see that the indicators are being put to good use!

--- 帖子 #288 ---
SELL on EURUSD, lets see what happens.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
UP-DATE

got a cool 7pips however, greed got the better of me and I re-entered the trade , now it looks like I might be in trouble.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Yes, we all owe you much. Your indicators (either genesis or tms) are tremendously powerful. You're one of the best in Forex Factory. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
And the bold but greedy shall receive their rewards in PIPS!!!!

--- 帖子 #292 ---
An EJ taken at the red line.

Pros: red M5,15,30 arrows. Cheap SL.

Cons: white H1, H4 arrows. M15 stoch not the best. Selling above DP.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It made it to my target when I placed the trade of DP. It went down quickly and I decided to see what it would do. Exit just better than BE.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Hey nice trading if your still in the trading it had given  you  a quite a number of pips...

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Hi civilpes. Perhaps I should have stayed with it and let the trade breath. The M15 matrix did stay red throughout.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Nice entry. My first target for this trade would be the Round number 139.00 right above the daily pivot. And would be very cautious because of the London opening right after.

By the way are there also M1 Genesis Trader here?

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Traders,

If I may, I would like to show you my trading method using the Genesis system. I find that this manages to weed out many of the losing trades, but sometimes only produces one or two trades a day. Here are my entry criteria:

a) I trade using a M15 chart

b) I use a 60EMA

c) I use a standard 15 min Stochastic with the settings - 30-10-10

d) I use the #mtf_stochastic v2.1 on 30 min with the settings 10-10-3

e) I use the usual GMTS Matrix and the ASC Trend indicators

f) The GMTS alerts me when there is a full set of blue squares or red squares

g) I now look for a cross of both the 15min and 30min stochs, these should be at or near either the 20 or 80 level

h) This part is important - the 30min stochs should both be heading down for shorts and up for longs. If they cross and one is going down and the other is going up, I don't take the trade

i) As usual, I don't trade towards the DP or the 60EMA

j) I exit when the 30min stoch crosses again. This doesn't always get the best exit, but is usually quite reliable.

I have included a picture of a good trade and one of a bad trade. Any comments would be welcome.

GOOD TRADE

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BAD TRADE

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #297 ---
what TF you have on ASC Trend Indicator?

Thank you for reply

--- 帖子 #298 ---
It's 15min and 60min Morris.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
On the second image, you didn't enter on full matrix?

Why do you have ASC Trend M15 on chart and also in matrix?

What green and red arrows represent?

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Moonie.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
The standard setting on the ASC Trend 2TF is set "timeframeauto=true", which means that the first line TF is the same as the time frame of the chart (M15 in your case), and second one is the next higher time frame (H1 in your case). You can see on your chart that arrows appear in the same time as the first line changes color, which means you have 2 indicators showing the same thing.

You can use MTF Stohastic without these arrows. Here is the link: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...08#post5983508

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Two more trades that happened while I slept.

EU
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Thanks nikz, but the window just above the GMTS Matrix is the #MTF Stochastic v2.1.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
It seems to be promising. I am using the same setups in M5 chart with M5 and M15 stoch.

So far, from the back testing I deduce that it is fairly good setup.

But I am too skeptical about leaving the regular 11,11,3 at this point in time.

I also would like to test the setup in coming days (Demo).

I was also wondering have you tested with this setup?

--- 帖子 #305 ---
The nearest I have come to testing is using the strategy tester on MT4. It seems to catch the entries very well, but its the usual issue of when to exit. I might try the "take half the position off at a certain level, move the stops to BE and let the other half run" method. There are usually good setups around the FO, so I'm up early to see if I can catch any.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Howdy Genesis folks

Before adding all kind of fancy staff to the Genesis system you should master it with the original settings first. Realjumper tested the system for quite some time in all market conditions with good success.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
hi Moonie, though am doing a great job with my modified system, this idea of yours seems to get the entry better. I would definitely try it out. thanks mate

--- 帖子 #308 ---
No worries Adeleke, it's carefully watching the angle of the red stoch and where price is in relation to the DP and 60 EME that seems to weed out many of the fake entries.

Todays trade - GU 15 min.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Hello Moonie,

It appears that your #MTF_stochastic v2.1 setting on this trade is on 60 minute setting rather than a 30 minute setting as you explained in post #302

--- 帖子 #310 ---
It's saying 30 min on my indicator crabbing. What makes you say that?

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #312 ---
I see what you mean crobbins, how strange. I'm out at the moment, I'll do a screenshot of my indicator settings when I get home.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
What's this I see, a bit of classic bank manipulation on the GU 15 mins. Notice the parallel railroads around the 1.67200 RN. Big push up to induce the buyers, then a big push down to take them out again. Then another push up to whiplash people re-entering. This is a classic setup and is an inverted hammer on the 30min, classic bearish action.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
You're right crobbins, when you hover over the indicator, it says "Period H1 Stoch". When I go to the indicator settings, it has "timeframe = 30mins"

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #315 ---
have also thought about using stoc 30,30,3

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Another positive day for me. It was not your perfect genesis set-up but I entered and made 20pips anyway. EURUSD really favoured me today. I wonder why you all prefer 60EMA. For me the 50SMA or 50EMA works just fine. Maybe you all know something I don't. Enjoy the weekend all

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Thats because you have the "Next Higher Auto" set to true which will then set the indicator at the next higher timeframe to what is in the "timeframe" setting, if you set the timeframe to 0 then it will show the m30 on your chart.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Thanks lastingwell, crobbins has kindly explained this setting to me and it turns out I have been using the 60 minute stochastic after all. Therefore I have amended and re-published the strategy below.

--------------

a) I trade using a M15 chart

b) I use a 60EMA

c) I use a standard 15 min Stochastic with the settings - 30-10-10

d) I use the #mtf_stochastic v2.1 on 60 min with the settings 10-10-3

e) I use the usual GMTS Matrix and the ASC Trend indicators

f) The GMTS alerts me when there is a full set of blue squares or red squares

g) I now look for a cross of both the 15min and 60min stochs, these should be at or near either the 20 or 80 level. They don't have to cross at the exact same time, within 5 bars is about the limit

h) This part is important - the 60min stochs should both be heading down for shorts and up for longs. If they cross and one is going down and the other is going up, I don't take the trade, wait for it to curl up or down

i) As usual, I don't trade towards the DP or the 60EMA

j) I exit when the 60min stoch crosses again. This doesn't always get the best exit, but is usually quite reliable.

k) As usual, be aware of support/resistance levels, round numbers, fib levels and economic announcements.

Good luck and happy trading.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Hi Moonie,

can you post a template?

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Hi san1111,

No problem, indicators in zip file and template attached below. I have removed the ASC Trend indicator as I find I don't tend to use it anymore.

Happy trading

Moonie.

Attached File(s)   genesis.zip

34 KB
|
1,048 downloads

Attached File(s)   genesis_m15.tpl

105 KB
|
611 downloads

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Thank you!

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Because of my time schedule at the moment, I have gone back to trading the m5 because there are far more opportunities in a day to get a good trade, so I've gone back to genesis.  I traded from my broker's open last night looking mainly at GA, GJ, EJ, EN, GU and EA.  The only difference between my charts and the original charts are the S/R levels - I am using a supply/demand indicator set at H1, I use synergy bars instead of HA's because they were already on my chart, and Xaphod's mtf stoch indicator and I am up over 200 pips today.  I'll post the charts later on when I finish.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
That's a pretty good day!!! I am looking forward to seeing your trades. Work has meant I haven't traded for a few days but I will post charts for any trades I get tomorrow morning.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
These are the trades I took overnight and today.

I only take the trade if its preferably coming off of supply or demand and very importantly the 2 stochs must be coming up or down together, as closely as possible at the time of the signal (vertical line). If they are a good distance apart I don't take the trade.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Hey Lasting what indi do you use for the supply and demand levels?

thanks

--- 帖子 #326 ---
I like the clean look lasting can you post a tpl?

Tx.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
lastingwell when do you exit?

--- 帖子 #328 ---
I'm not at my computer at the moment but will post the indies and template when i get back later on. I'll also go through the trades in more detail.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
I've attached the indicators and template that I've been using, you also need all the indicators for the gmts matrix if you don't already have them.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
I try to hang on for 50 pips tp, unless I see the opposite signal that I would actually think about taking,  not just the matrix changing colour.

In the trades above, on the first 2 charts, there were no signals in the opposite direction I would have taken so I moved to BE +1 when price had passed a decent level and then waited for it to hit tp.

On the 3rd chart - EA, I exited because price had tried 3 times to get below the support and failed, then started to turn up again so exited with 25 pips.

On the 4th chart - EN, I exited the first trade for the same reasons as the previous chart, the second trade I exited because price had reached the 80% of ATR  and started to come back quite strongly and that was where resistance was earlier so it looked to be a false break above it.

On the 5th chart - GJ, price missed my take profit by 0.3 of a pip and had reached 100% of ATR so I exited as it came back.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Hi Lasingwell

That's very encourging watching what you've posted. pls keep posting your trades and share some of your cues to find good set ups.

cos we watch almost the same chart. but some people finds good set up easily but some doesn't including me!!!

many thanks

--- 帖子 #332 ---
where do you place your stops? swing high/low?

wish you more nice trades

thank you.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Good morning. A bit of a frustrating morning for me with some sub optimal exits. Profit is profit and I did end up with +10. Anyway, 2 trades taken. An EJ and GJ:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Hi lastingwell, many thanks for kindly posting your strategy and example trades, this looks like a superb system. Just one quick question for now; do you have a rule that the Stochastics must cross from under/over the 50 line or the 80/20 line depending on long or short?

I have noticed a nice clean move on the EA today. Is this a good example of a trade you would take? I do notice, the Stochastics are quite wide apart when the matrix signals. I am waiting to see if it bounces off the demand level where it is now and for the Stochastics to turn around.

Cheers

Moonie

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Your stochs look slightly different to mine, are yours set at 11,3,3? The reason I ask is that on my chart there was bullish divergence which is the main reason I took it along with the m15 stoch angling up quite sharply and all of the matrix turning blue at the same time.

Edit: Sorry I missed a question.  I would prefer if the stochs are coming from above 80 or below 20 but I wouldn't dismiss a trade if it comes from further down/up, if everything else is looking good.  One rule I do stick to when it comes to those levels, if the stoch is staying above 80/below 20 it shows the strength of the trend so I wait until it comes out of that area before trading it.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
40 pips gain

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Thanks for the clarification lastingwell,

This is the template you uploaded, the settings are on 11,3,3, the only difference is that I am looking at the M15 chart.

EA looks like its turning over now, the M5 Stochs are heading down and the M15 is just starting to cross. Does this comply to your trading rules?

Moonie.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Aah yes I see it now, I used to trade on M15 with genesis but didn't use the quite the same rules as with m5.  I used to make sure they were pointing in the same direction, but as the next timeframe up with stoch-mtf is h1 you won't get the same closeness that you do with m5/m15 BUT when they are close (as happened at 3.30am gmt sell signal on EA) you will usually get a very good trade.  I used to look for them to be in the same direction and again not above 80/below 20.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Not sure if this helps or not but this is how I would look at those signals on EA.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Hi lastingwell, it certainly does help. Its great to get your thoughts on the signals. Can I ask your opinion on moving averages. Some successful traders (including Marty) use them to filter out signals. From RJs last post on Genesis I think I can safely say he is not a fan. From reading a few pages of the manual (the Genesis thread!) I notice that you used to use them when you started posting. Is it a case of as one gets more experienced it becomes easier to recognise trends and false signals or do the stoch and matrix give all the information themselves?

Thanks. CF.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Hi,lastingwell..

Funny...the way you setup your chart is so similar to mine

But i trade M15 chart ... my Stochs are Stoch-MTF indy, both setting parameters are 11-3-3, Stochs TF are H1 and H4

Another thing i found incredibly useful is level 50 line (at the middle of the Stochs)

Good luck with your journey, guys..

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Quite a few people have moving averages but I'm not a great fan of them on m5.  The one I found most useful on there was the 60sma which equates to roughly the 5sma on H1 and that will give you an overall idea of how the h1 is moving.  When I'm on the higher timeframes I do have a few on there, on H1 for instance I have the 10ema and the 62ema because price will very often bounce off of those.  I got those from this thread http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=121761 which I read from start to finish and still read the thread starter's posts (you only have to read the shouts on his profile page to see how good he is) and is an excellent lesson in attitudes to trading and price action.  I've only taken the moving averages that I find most useful from there but his posts are well worth the effort of reading.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
I think people should set up their chart with how they feel comfortable, the h4 is certainly very good with m15 but I found it was too long term for me on the shorter timeframe, I used m15 and h1 stochs, but thats just me.  I also went over to the TDI with m15 because I found the signals on genesis a little bit late for my liking on there, again we should use whatever we feel comfortable with

--- 帖子 #344 ---
I took  AJ comments are welcome.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
It went against me -5 pips.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
The price is in a Range 95.085 - 95.265, no direction of the market.

Don't trade in range period, go to another pair when it happened

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Hi all. You beat me to it Goodgame. I was thinking the same.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Thanks for the tip lastingwell. I hadn't come across that thread before.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
As the others have rightly said, AJ is in a range on m5, look to your left, at 1.30am GMT there was a huge candle (for m5) and price hasn't gone below the low or above the high of it, even through London open etc.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
You're welcome   Its just a shame he no longer posts on FF and I never got to ask him any questions, but the past posts are still an education.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Thanks for comments,guys.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
may someone post genesis EA? thx

--- 帖子 #353 ---
The short answer is no. For a longer answer search "discretion" on the genesis thread.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
eu    Let's see how it works

--- 帖子 #355 ---
thx :-) but I don't want it for free.....so If YOu have it EA, send me PM please

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Hi Pipinek. Unfortunately Genesis does not have an EA because it is a system that requires an element of experience and discretion. It is not simply a case of full matrix colour, stoch pointing up etc.

To quote RJ post 8820 of Genesis:

"The thing about system trading is that it is not an exact science.....if it was, I would create an EA and retire a rich man!! There was a muppet here a while back who spat the dummy because he couldn't see that this is not, and never will be an exact science. For instance, what is 'overbought?'......is it once the '80' line is crossed?.......what if it only gets to '79?'......does that mean that it isn't overbought?.....technically yes, that's what it means. However, the ebb and flow of the oscillator (and the pa for that matter) does not necessarily adhere to our human rules! That's why we have to use our discretion. "

--- 帖子 #357 ---
OK, this makes sense, thx a lot anyway :-)

--- 帖子 #358 ---
EU

Bungee

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Could you please load up a zip file with your template and indicators, I'd like to give this a try, exactly as you presented and explained it.  Thank you

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Where is gone the post of  Ksofty ? ​

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Can somebody please help me with this setup, it's my first time trying it. No matter which currency pair and which timeframe I load in in the top row of squares for the TVI is always all blue see image below. Also, can somebody please give me a brief idea or explanation on what each of these rows of squares, means?

Thank you, very much for your help.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
You don't have all all the GMTS files loaded properly.

Go here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...77#post5864777

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #363 ---
These 'rows' are a strict combination of indicators with their settings made in such way for you to get a proper buy/sell signal from them. If you get a (for instance) blue column after the bar is closed, this is your signal for buying. You should NOT trade against the stochs, otherwise your market order is a dead man walking.

One advice from me - I don't know what time it was in your country when you took the screenshot, but do not trade the asian session. Set your trading time from london open until london close. And a bit more - if you can not set up your indicators by yourself, it will be best for you to gain some more experience before going for the Genesis system. It's not that the system is complicated, it just needs a lot of experience and backtesting if you want to learn to take the proper signals. Or, if you think you've got what it takes, read the old thread - from the beginning to the end. Everything you might need is there - good ideas, bad ideas, the worst ideas ever, crossing moving averages, 50 indicators on top of the genesis matrix - everything that could be tried was tried and described there. Good luck and green pips!

--- 帖子 #364 ---
I deleted it, because my trading style was in violation with the rules of the Genesis matrix system and I don't want to be blamed for making changes to the system as it happened in the last thread. It is a really profitable system out-of-the-box if you know how to use it.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hi Badaway,

Who is these indicator ?

Can you shared with us

--- 帖子 #366 ---
I am pretty sure this is on the first page of the old thread, called stochastic tape, you can find it in one of the links where Xaphod has posted additional indicators. Correct me if I'm wrong.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Allright, due to the numerous amount of messages in my inbox about my way of trading, I will try to rewrite my post as it was. I hope that none of the genesis sectants will go against me for making few changes. First of all I should say that I trade for a living, but my way of trading has nothing to do with Genesis whatsoever. I just have small spare accounts where I try systems I like and as it turns out with few modifications Genesis is one of the most profitable indicator-based systems and it's free of charge for anyone willing to give it a try. There is a problem with EVERY system based on any kind of indicators - they show the past. As the indicators form, they usually change their direction, do a crossover in the middle of nowhere and no one knows why. This is why my style of trading the Genesis is extremely conservative as you will see, but it gives some good signals which once taken, you can move your SL in breakeven point in just few minutes without prematurely exiting the position due to hit SL.

I am NOT uploading templates or indicators - they are ready set up in ZIP file if you see the first page of the OLD thread. In the post I will describe the changes I made and say why I did this.

OK, let's see how I'm trading this system in a profitable way in my live account. Basically, I use the standard Genesis settings that you can find on the first page of the old thread in the ZIP file (my MT4 is build 600+, so I can't say anything about the other archive) with few modifications: no HA candles and my MTF Stoch is set to M30. And here are my reasons: The ASCtrend clearly shows me what's happening in M15 so why would I need a stoch so close to the M5 (it's only 3x the timeframe) and the reason for the missing HA candles is obvious - due to their method of calculation it's hard to spot broken S&R, retests, etc. Some of you may say that this does not matter in the M5 timeframe - I'm not pushing them to trade it my way. It's just my observation of taking fewer but improved signals. Additional one SMA 60 shift 0 set to Close, which I find to be close enough to 5EMA at the H1 chart.

Next step: Genesis matrix shows M5 timeframe signals, ASCtrend shows 2 timeframes by default: M5 and M15. On the screen we have M30 stoch and 60 SMA (which acts as the 5EMA on the H1 timeframe) so actually we are on the roll with signals from 4 timeframes compiled in the M5 timeframe.
ASCtrend CAN and WILL repaint the M15 until a 15-minute-bar is closed. This is shown on the chart - there are vertical lines in the indicator, dividing the dots in groups by three - when all three are finished, M15 bar is closed, ASCtrend cannot repaint anymore. If it's blue - we're going up - if it's red - we're going down. So for a proper signal usually we have to wait 15 minutes for ASCtrend to close and another 30 for the stochastic. But don't worry - in a good setup, the stochastic would have started moving in the direction of the signal like an hour ago. You will see what I'm talking about on my chart that I will upload. Of course 60SMA on M5 and 5EMA on H1 have some minor differences, but as it is said, Genesis needs experience and if you have it, you can figure out when it's broken, retested, good signal or bad one. Same thing for the stochastics - not every cross is a good one, and you never know when the trend will end. We're not trying to predict the future, we're trying to get on the train - maybe a bit late, but who cares - somebody else is going to pay for our ticket  When I'm trading this system, my first indicator is the stochs - if they do a nice cross, I wait for them to close (every 30mins) before I make a decision. When I have the stochs moving right, PA should be on the same direction - if stochs go up, PA should be above my 60SMA which means that in the long terms, on the H1 chart we have it on top of the EMA5 which in the original system is one of the 'rules' for entry/exit. Analogically, short positions require downward slope of the stochs and PA below SMA60. Next thing - the Genesis matrix will show buy/sell signals long before our entry and it's OK. The main problem is waiting for the ASCtrend - we have to wait for another group of 3 M15 dots to close in our desired direction, so on the next candle open we can take our trade. Let me clarify with a screenshot:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It will be better if you wait for everything to be in the right direction (6 dots in total on both matrixes, stochs, SMA) and you miss a lot of movement. But the signal is just fine - as far as I'm trading it, 80% to 90% of the trades that I take are winners. Mostly because I try to move my SL to breakeven, but mind the price action - if it's slow, i would wait before moving to BE because i can get my SL prematurely hit.

That's it - the screenshot tells you half the story, I told you the other half. As I mentioned, Genesis is extremely good indicator based system, straight out-of-the-box. I made few changes so I can filter out the bad signals and I hope that it might help some of you. My trading style is not for everyone, due to the lots of noise on the market without HA candles, the missed opportunities and waiting all day long but hey, if you want pips - take them. Don't give them back

--- 帖子 #368 ---
[quote=ksofty;7519410]Allright, due to the numerous amount of messages in my inbox about my way of trading, I will try to rewrite my post as it was. I hope that none of the genesis sectants will go against me for making few changes. First of all I should say that I trade for a living, but my way of trading has nothing to do with Genesis whatsoever. I just have small spare accounts where I try systems I like and as it turns out with few modifications Genesis is one of the most profitable indicator-based systems and it's free of charge for anyone willing to give it a try. There is a problem with EVERY system based on any kind of indicators - they show the past. As the indicators form, they usually change their direction, do a crossover in the middle of nowhere and no one knows why. This is why my style of trading the Genesis is extremely conservative as you will see, but it gives some good signals which once taken, you can move your SL in breakeven point in just few minutes without prematurely exiting the position due to hit SL. I am NOT uploading templates or indicators - they are ready set up in ZIP file if you see the first page of the OLD thread. In the post I will describe the changes I made and say why I did this. OK, let's see how I'm trading this system in a profitable way in my live account. Basically, I use the standard Genesis settings that you can find on the first page of the old thread in the ZIP file (my MT4 is build 600+, so I can't say anything about the other archive) with few modifications: no HA candles and my MTF Stoch is set to M30. And here are my reasons: The ASCtrend clearly shows me what's happening in M15 so why would I need a stoch so close to the M5 (it's only 3x the timeframe) and the reason for the missing HA candles is obvious - due to their method of calculation it's hard to spot broken S&R, retests, etc. Some of you may say that this does not matter in the M5 timeframe - I'm not pushing them to trade it my way. It's just my observation of taking fewer but improved signals. Additional one SMA 60 shift 0 set to Close, which I find to be close enough to 5EMA at the H1 chart. Next step: Genesis matrix shows M5 timeframe signals, ASCtrend shows 2 timeframes by default: M5 and M15. On the screen we have M30 stoch and 60 SMA (which acts as the 5EMA on the H1 timeframe) so actually we are on the roll with signals from 4 timeframes compiled in the M5 timeframe. ASCtrend CAN and WILL repaint the M15 until a 15-minute-bar is closed. This is shown on the chart - there are vertical lines in the indicator, dividing the dots in groups by three - when all three are finished, M15 bar is closed, ASCtrend cannot repaint anymore. If it's blue - we're going up - if it's red - we're going down. So for a proper signal usually we have to wait 15 minutes for ASCtrend to close and another 30 for the stochastic. But don't worry - in a good setup, the stochastic would have started moving in the direction of the signal like an hour ago. You will see what I'm talking about on my chart that I will upload. Of course 60SMA on M5 and 5EMA on H1 have some minor differences, but as it is said, Genesis needs experience and if you have it, you can figure out when it's broken, retested, good signal or bad one. Same thing for the stochastics - not every cross is a good one, and you never know when the trend will end. We're not trying to predict the future, we're trying to get on the train - maybe a bit late, but who cares - somebody else is going to pay for our ticket  When I'm trading this system, my first indicator is the stochs - if they do a nice cross, I wait for them to close (every 30mins) before I make a decision. When I have the stochs moving right, PA should be on the same direction - if stochs go up, PA should be above my 60SMA which means that in the long terms, on the H1 chart we have it on top of the EMA5 which in the original system is one of the 'rules' for entry/exit. Analogically, short positions require downward slope of the stochs and PA below SMA60. Next thing - the Genesis matrix will show buy/sell signals long before our entry and it's OK. The main problem is waiting for the ASCtrend - we have to wait for another group of 3 M15 dots to close in our desired direction, so on the next candle open we can take our trade. Let me clarify with a screenshot: {image} It will be better if you wait for everything to be in the right direction (6 dots in total on both matrixes, stochs, SMA) and you miss a lot of movement. But the signal is just fine - as far as I'm trading it, 80% to 90% of the trades that I take are winners. Mostly because I try to move my SL to breakeven, but mind the price action - if it's slow, i would wait before moving to BE because i can get my SL prematurely hit. That's it - the screenshot tells you half the story, I told you the other half. As I mentioned, Genesis is extremely good indicator based system, straight out-of-the-box. I made few changes so I can filter out the bad signals and I hope that it might help some of you. My trading style is not for everyone, due to the lots of noise on the market without HA candles, the missed opportunities and waiting all day long but hey, if you want pips - take them. Don't give them back [/quote

Pure Gold  Thanks thanks thanks....

--- 帖子 #369 ---
First , It is necessary to the GenesisMatrix 2.22 (build 600+).zip

Happy Trading

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hi Ksofty

Thanks for showing your thought.

Regards

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Hi Lastings can you post some charts of trades you did this week.. thank you ..

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Hi Lastingwell  can you post some charts of trades you did this week.. thank you ..

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Maybe he didn't do any

--- 帖子 #374 ---
I abandoned the Genesis system, finished the test in a huge profit. Good luck to all the followers of the thread  back to my good ol' EAs...

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Why would you abandon it if you finished the test in a huge profit

--- 帖子 #376 ---
because he has something better

--- 帖子 #377 ---
You mean ultra mega profit with your old EAs?    why don't you start your thread for us?

Regards

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Eurusd +25 gpyjpy +10   I missed another some 10+ pips. but what can i do now,,,,

--- 帖子 #379 ---
I already helped some of you with the Genesis and as I can see there is at least one person who had profit from it. I have studied the fx market for over 2 years to find a profitable way of trading so I can trade for a living without wasting over 8hours sitting on the desk, if you really want to achieve these results, why don't you sit down, read more than 1000 books on the subject, try, fail, try again and figure it out for yourself? In fact, my ea does nothing more than opening stop orders for me. Good luck!

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Hi Ksofty,

Can´t you ask that person that profited from your help, to also gives some help here to continue your legacy??

thx

--- 帖子 #381 ---
As far as I can tell, it's the same person (santorini11) who is using M30stoch and the asctrend confirmation i was talking about. All that I can tell from the chart he posted is that he made a premature exit, not waiting for a candle to close above ema5 on 5min tf. I left Genesis behind, because it is an indicator-based system and doesn't fit my needs. I am trading 10-20lots on a single order and I don't wanna bet on indicators. Genesis is really good, but doesn't tag along with my daily routine.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Thx ksofty

That is a good tip, done those mistakes too... now I know.

You see, we still need you around for those small fine tunes

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Where can I get the indi for genesis system? I cant find the first genesis thread...

--- 帖子 #384 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Hi Ksofty

Let's hear some of your thoughts sometime when you have time.

Regards

--- 帖子 #386 ---
On your link... http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...69#post6090869

select the attachment icon the clip icon and you will see all of it.
http://gyazo.com/7bc85e2466edcc05edfe4c676dbe60ff

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Good morning. I entered this EJ on the close of the red line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #388 ---
I took EA

--- 帖子 #389 ---
EA -3 pips  Příště budeme chytřejší staroušku.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
EJ closed for +37 (green line). It came close to hitting my SL shortly after entry and i came close to closing it manually. I closed the trade as price was struggling to go lower and TVI was staying white. It may be premature but satisfied with my pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Good morning. A GJ buy for me today at the close of the red line. I closed the trade manually at the green line as price was struggling at R1 for some time, the M15 stoch was turning over and some red was appearing on the M15 matrix. Result +18.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Good morning. I would like to ask advice about an EA trade that I was hesitating over this morning but in the end did not take.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

At the close of 1 if i was IFR trading i might take this but with candles on the chart obviously we dont want to buy just below the DP.

As 2 closes we break the DP.

As 3 closes and 4 opens this is the first HA candle that opens clear of the DP. At this point the M5 stoch is going a bit flat.

If we were to wait for the M30 stoch to close crossed up this occurred on the close of 5.

Did did anybody take the trade? All ideas welcome.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
It is hard to say it can go either way, however, since all stochs are up and matrix showing all white & arrows of both M5 and M15 and all the signs are showing trade may go up.

But like I said anything can happen. If you ask me I would have taken the trade as the stop loss would be very less (just under the previous swing low).

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Hi. I got burned on this trade. Could I have some feedback. I thoght it was a pretty clear trade. But you cant win them all

https://charts.mql5.com/4/972/gbpchf...-prime-pty.png

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Hi LFN. If you entered a long after close of that candle I marked, m15 stochastic didn't look that good (maybe it was just about to cross - I marked it with yellow circle).

Also I don't know how relevant is this to Genesis, but price action was not very good prior to that set up - rangy and choppy. It's true you can't win them all, but if you are choosy you may avoid some of the losses.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Stochs look awful. You should read a bit more about them in the first post on the first page of the old thread. It's explained that a good trade can be taken if (long) stochs are crossed and moving out of 20-zone or else (short) crossed and moving out of 80-zone. In your case, M15 stochs are crossing in the middle of nowhere. For a good example look the last possible long trade that you could've taken on your screenshot - a looooong way up and all conditions met.

Edit: Are you sure you really, really wanna trade GBPCHF with its enormous spreads on M5 chart?

--- 帖子 #397 ---
plus there is a pivot level right above it was a dumb trade all around ..

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Thanks for the feedback.

demoreal - The trade was taken at 09:36, at the bar after the one you marked. The M15 stoch was a little better there but not the greatest.

brath - My indicator told me Daily pivot was below at 1.5173

This is demotrading. The pair is maybe not suitable because the spread. But the ADR was high.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Has anyone been trading today. so far it has been a shitty day, but the night trading would have made some pips. some of these days trading time or momentum of PA is scatted over different time slots. so it is hard to sit down from London open to newyork close and still make pips. today may be one of those days.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
If you want to make money, you would do it. Last few weeks was a range period for most pairs but still wide enough to take 100+ pips/day using the Genesis. If you were trading only 1 lot, it would be like $1000/day. Worth the time  Make a research which pairs have the smallest spreads on your broker and find the trending ones - for example e/a makes really strong trends, but i've got like 4 pips spread on it, which is way over my own limits.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
you are right about making 100 pips per day using genesis and about the spread. right now my goal is to make minimum 30 pips per day with trading 1 lot at a time. The problem sometimes is that my schedule of trading doesn't coincide with momentum of trading. I am hoping to see good days ahed though.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
My schedule is exactly why i'm not trading this system and (personal opinion) you can lose a lot of money in forex if trading on TF under H1. Just the psychological pressure isn't for everybody. But that's why there are different pairs - if you really need some cash you can earn it by this system - if you can't trade eurusd, you can trade sydney and tokio sessions at night (i'm gmt+2). What I want to say is that the strongest momentum in audusd for example is around 3-4am (gmt+2) and there are lots of pips to be scalped.

P.S. If someone has some kind of a 'list' with the majors and the time of their biggest moves and strongest momentum, it would be nice to share it.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Hi

This is a good site that RJ suggested, i have been using it since and it helps for pair to check on days of week and times of day

http://www.forexticket.us/en/tools/02-01-volatility

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Just my opinion but you can lose a lot of money in forex on any timeframe.  I think you can learn faster on m5 just don't expect a move to last as long as one on H1 for instance.

As far as the sessons go, its generally agreed that its better to trade for instance GBP and Eur when London/Europe is open, the JPY pairs when Tokyo is open and so on (barring news events of course).

--- 帖子 #405 ---
So if the pair is g/j it should have like 2 good trading periods per day or I'm getting it wrong?

--- 帖子 #406 ---
very well put.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Yes either trading period should be ok, only one thing to bear in mind with the jpy pairs and thats for it to move anywhere, if its for instance, EJ, both EU and UJ need to be moving in the same direction or one standing still and the other moving, if they are moving in different directions EJ will stand still (ranging). The same holds true for GJ (GU and UJ) AJ (AU and

UJ) and so on.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
EURAUD

--- 帖子 #409 ---
EURAUD  -1 pip

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Hi o/

I try this

--- 帖子 #411 ---
and this

--- 帖子 #412 ---
it's closed

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Salut!  imperatorfr

Could you tell me how many pairs do you monitor? if more than 4, how?

Merci

--- 帖子 #414 ---
9 pairs.

eurUsd

gbpUsd

usdChf

eurGbp

usdJpy

eurJpy

fra40

ger30

uk100

--- 帖子 #415 ---
how's goin'?

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Why the thread is so silent.

is it going out to be the same fate as the original. well if not the same but similar one

--- 帖子 #417 ---
I don't know, Genesis is a good system. I tend to use it on occasion.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
which system are you using for regular trading...

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Hi fella traders,

I'm in midst of setting up my chart with Genesis indi, everything work great. Now I'm trying to add the indicator for market session. My broker is on +3 GMT, what should be the correct values for each of the sessions? (Sydney, Tokyo, London, New York)

--- 帖子 #420 ---
This is GMT+0 setting. Add 3 to each.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Hi Heispark,

Thanks for the info! Like to clarify, although you mentioned add 3 to those default values shown in my screen, some of the values from your screenshot is actually adding 4 (vs 3)? Is it because of daylight saving?

Please pardon me, I don't have to deal with daylight saving from where I live.

Rgds

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hi, Ririz

My broker is Pepperstone and its server time is GMT+0. I use this setup regardless of daylight savings. My understanding is your broker handles daylight savings offset and you don't need to change anything in your end. To make sure, check and compare with your FF Sessions:

Attached Image

(Shown at my timezone, GMT+9)

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Got it, let me check it out and do the comparison. Tks Heispark.

--- 帖子 #424 ---
@civilpes2001 i'm trading the simple market models - they are the most profitable.

And for the market open times -
http://www.forexmarkethours.com/markethours.php

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Why don't you show us some of them (simple most profitable ones)?

--- 帖子 #426 ---
can you please show us some of your trades please?

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Seriously? I mean.... SERIOUSLY? http://www.babypips.com/school/middl...chart-patterns

@civilpes2001 for example yesterday - UJ - 16pips - simple triangle breakout @ NYCopen. 2 lines, 2 stop orders, 5min @ the pc. Today I'm going for the NYCopen, since it overlaps with the final GDP. Lots of money on the way to my pocket

EDIT: just got it, +12 pips in less than 1 second. Perfect afternoon after exposing 20 lots on a single order

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Why don't you post a chart when you see one of the profitable patterns?

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Oh man come on, they are emerging all the time on almost any timeframe, they are extremely easy to spot, you've got thousands of guides around the web, and it's just simply second grade geometrics, does anybody here really need to be taught how to draw triangles on a chart? If you can't spot the triangle forming right now at that moment on EU, i'm really going to quit posting in forexfactory. Most of the people here are using sophisticated indicator systems and trading in a way I doubt they understand, but come on, this is market's BASICS ffs.

P.S.: I don't have to post a chart - just open your MT4 or whatever you are using and take a quick glance.  It takes less than 10 seconds to spot and plan your trade.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Thanks - really helpful advice

Please don't quit - so much value in your posts, especially when you talk about how wonderful trader you are

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Hi ksofty,it seems you really know your oranges man. May I humbly request that you probably start your own thread  or if that might be too much trouble then just explain your system with some charts here. some of us don't speak English as our first language so we really need the charts to really understand what you're explaining.

thanks mate.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Yeah thanks for the irony btw. If the traders here stop asking me dumb questions and we all focus on Genesis, that would be great. But no - they keep on going and going.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Don't get me wrong - it's only that I prefer to see charts with real examples rather than reading about different members' trading performance. Agree with you about focusing on Genesis and looking forward to discussion about it (how to trade it profitably)

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Maybe you should stop with your dumb posts.

The next new member with lot of bla bla bla bla.

Thats not more Forex Factory thats the Muppet Factory.

Really, post charts or shut up.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Holy crap you have a lot of free time

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Maybe he does, maybe he doesn't. I don't know. Fairly sure he's fed up with all the crap and negative stuff on Genesis and that's why he closed the

original thread.

I know if you take the time to read it it's amazing, I'm about a third the way through.

Wish I had been around at the start.

All the best...

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Straight trader-girl assisting

But sometimes this is the only way keeping focus on a thread's headline.

Fame, looking at your website and signature, do you have german relations?

josch

--- 帖子 #438 ---
I'm from Germany ;-)

--- 帖子 #439 ---
hello.....been using mt4 and genesis system for a while.....happily.....on a older pc......got a new laptop and i cant get all indicators working....no arrows no pivots there no window for the four indicators either............ any suggestions?......not new to trading but all this coding stuff is not for me

--- 帖子 #440 ---
gear,

you have the same MT version on new device?

Same operating system on old and new device?

Check, if you have all indicatores in the right directory.

josch

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Entry at red vertical line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Congratulations Jpr for successful entry

Congratulations to you for this pair You reminded us. Every time opportunities are available.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
I post charts mainly to try and show that the system still gives great entries if you follow the original method.

JPR

--- 帖子 #445 ---
I use original method too. I don't like to change. Rj found the best way. Now I see GBPNZD and GBPAUD also had good entry.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Best to include charts. It helps to see.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
I'm just changing the location of Indicatore on the chart. According to my own experience (I recognize myself anymore.)

--- 帖子 #448 ---
May I ask how many pairs do you follow Jpr?

I always look for low-spread pairs or do you see a good set-up and just go for it?

All the best...

--- 帖子 #449 ---
I only monitor the 8-10 pairs with the highest ADR's (highest volatility). I use the attached indicator for this.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Thankyou Jpr much appreciated

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Since most of the pairs are stuck in a crappy range I decided to trade every Genesis signal on eurusd/gbpusd until I get my SL hit or until I get no demand/no supply confirmation. I get lots of losses (very reasonable since my SL is rarely above 6 pips) but in the end of the day I always finish in +. This system is just amazing. Sometimes after a spike it's too late to wait for a reversal and I'm putting my SL at the previous 2 bars high/low. Still works fine with a tight trailing after every bar's high/low in the trade's direction. This leads to some premature exits but it's fine for me. No time for charts, so summarized - the system is still working after so much time. I only hope that if there is a major update on MT4, Xaphod would update the matrix.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
so whats the latest version of the system people are using?.....i was using the original version on an older pc was working great with great results......but i got a new pc and i cant seem to get all ind. working.......when i run them on metaeditor and compile file it gives me errors ?

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Orginal Rj's Genesis matrix trading page
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796

Here you have "genesis ind templ build 600+.zip"

Mt4 600+ you must install.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Who are these "senior members of Forex Factory " RJ makes reference to?

--- 帖子 #455 ---
100% agree with the idea of tighter SL for this method even if you miss the entry it can produce some nice R:R

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Hi ksofty,

Are you using a trailing EA, please share if you don't mind. tks

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Edit: Trading every signal is very risky and it makes no sense at all, except if you have to make a lot of money in 1 day. It's literally manual scalping so I don't recommend it. Also, the tight trailing leads to a lot of missed pips if the trend develops well throughout the day. Anyway, I had my reasons and targets which were 99% accomplished.

I'm trailing manually. When trading the Genesis as-it-is, I am careful with the TP & SL if M15 arrows don't appear for a long time and if everything is in the same direction I leave my original SL (last swing high/low) until my target is reached. Rarely I need to move it to breakeven and if I do most of the time it gets hit prematurely and I have to re-enter. Last week was really good for the Genesis system. You could've banked nice profits. The problem is that the price action was slow and then suddenly boom - large moves in no time. I am not using the original Genesis as RJ made it, I have lots of moving averages which help me with the trailing stop when i'm not at the PC. The good thing is, though, that in the morning (i'm GMT+2) I open an order, most of the time M5 arrow and Genesis signals occur on the same bar and I leave it with a huge TP and a conservative SL, then I trail manually with the help of my mobile phone. If the SL gets hit - ok, another opportunity will occur in few minutes. If it doesn't - most of the days the move you can get is 30-40 pips and you can call it a day. As I said I am really really careful until M15 arrow shows up and if I have to take a counter-trend signal, most of the time I would wait until the price has broken the last swing high/low (in uptrend - the last swing low before the last high and in downtrend the last swing high before the last low) These price zones are retested all the time and you can enter the trade with a confidence. The next thing I am careful about when trailing are the pivots or round numbers. For instance - if price breaks a resistance level and the bar closes above it, I move my SL a bit below the pivot, so if it's a fake breakout I will have few pips in my pocket. Of course if the price hesitates between resistances, I would bank all my profit and wait for another opportunity.

In conclusion, Genesis in the original version with a simple trendline knowledge works just fine, no need to change any of the settings. Just...be careful. Take only the best signals, watch out for previous S&R zones and don't close the trade as soon as you see profit. Let it develop, watch the stochastic and be patient.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Has anyone trading genesis on H4 time frame. It would be very helpful for the members who can use H4 tf and be successful. Please let me know if anyone trading on that time frame

--- 帖子 #459 ---
You may want to read postings from olivierforex in original Genesis thread if you haven't done so already. He was a successful 4H Genesis trader.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Has anyone alive in this thread...

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Not really :-(

--- 帖子 #462 ---
I have been having a go at RJ's M1 Method with some limited success.

Here is a sell on GBPJPY for around +8 pips ,probably should have closed it at the

previous swing low on the M5 chart ,I always struggle with exits.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
I usually put my TP at the next pivot/RS level. however, to play safe, my first TP is usually just 10pips, then the next would be at pivot lines

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Yes good stuff Adeleke, another thing I like to do is zoom out a notch on a M1 or M5 chart, I

think it shows support and resistance a bit more clearly. Well it does on my eyes anyway

I know it all looks great in hindsight but it's something I watch.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Hi all.

I'm still pretty new to forex and would like to apologize for any noobish questions.

I have tried the babon system for quite a time now but can't get comfortable with it.

Some ppl at the babon thread was talking about genesis so I came across.

Have read all the stuffs on the first post from RJ and and I have to say that I like the way he trades.

Since I have read so many threads I've become a bit confused now.

For example j16 thread.

They say that you have to start trading on a higher TF first before you go to a lower TF and so on.

Genesis is a 1 -15min. Trading system.

If I 100% stick to the rules from Realjumper and trading genesis, will it be possible for me to master it? Or do I really have to trade daily chart for few months then go to H4 then to H1 and so on?

I do understand price action but do I really have to go through this  to properly trading on lower TF?

Btw. With Genesis what is more important? Price action or indicator signals? Because this is not 100% clear for me after reading genesis thread.

Thanks for help guys.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Hello Dy168

I would definately read at least the first 200 pages of the original thread if you haven't already done so.

There is a lot of info and well worth it.

As far as mastering it I am still trying on demo and am about breakeven at the moment, just try and keep it simple.

I think RJ said you still need a plan and use Genesis as an entry system and keep an eye on the higher time frames, S and R etc.

Price action or signals? RJ tested without any candles once and still came out with positive results

I am still a noob at this as well but I am not going to give up.

All the best...

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Breakeven +1 on EURGBP

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Hi soupdragon.

Sorry for the late reply.

Yea i have tested genesis matrix for the last few days.

its also possible to make some profit if you just trade the matrix + stochs and just use the candles for S/R and pivot points.

Ill test it few more weeks. If this comes out to be profitable (at least 70%) ill go live.

Using genesis with high leverage (1:500) + bigger lot size + smaler targets and only enter if all signals on genesis are ok = pretty high probability trades.

Btw soupdragon.

Which broker do you use?

Because im using MT4 for charting and MT5 for trading since Alpari offers better spreads on MT5 accounts (0.5 - 1pip incl. comission).

I really would like just using one terminal for trading and charting.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
I use Alpari UK MT4, I have MT5 demo but Genesis doesn't run on it and switching between the two would be annoying.

I suppose it's worth thinking about IF I'm confident about a live real money account

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Hi.

IF? Which broker is it?

Using mt4 and mt5 together is ok if you have two monitors.

What mm do you think is the best for genesis?

How long do you traded genesis until you get confident to go live?

Best regards.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Hi, sorry only just seen your post.

Money management is up to you, I use 3% per trade but I never take a full loss.

I haven't gone live yet. I think two or three positive months in a row, double my demo account?

It's all about confidence, do you have an edge?

Just be honest with yourself

--- 帖子 #472 ---
+12 on EUR/USD, closed at DP--got nervous. Nice divergence at 1.34 BRN

--- 帖子 #473 ---
why you move out since stoch m15 comes from above and doesnt show any signs of going up.

stoch m5 looks for me like a retrace and matrix still looks ok.

wouldnt it be better to move SL down?

or should we always has much respect for the DP?

Btw i saw that you dont use ASCTrend-Matrix??

Best regards.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Yes M15 stoch was strong but flattening and M5 stoch had turned up.

I see some pips and don't want to let them go.

No I don't use the ASCTrend-Matrix, I like to keep it simple.

All the best...

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Hello, I would like to know if you want to help me in H4

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Here is my last trade.

EURJPY +5 pips.

Entered on bounce of DP which seems to hold as support.

(I know... there wasnt any signals from the Matrix but i had a very tight SL - about 3 pips.

Rising triangle on M5 TF but PA makes to many dojis.

Was unsure whether price will break through or not so i closed it.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
+5 pips is better than -5 pips Dy

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Price went under DP and forms a rising triangle on M5.

Majer trend on higher TF is down.

Maybe price will move to the resistance line of the symmetrical triangle first before moving down again.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
+7 pips on NZDUSD, nice bounce off the DP, still need to work on the exits

--- 帖子 #480 ---
+17 pips AUDNZD , out at S1

--- 帖子 #481 ---
I´m testing the system on H4, looks much better on a backtest....less noise, also cheaper in terms of spread...another advantage is you are a bit safer from news spikes....hope this is usefull for you...

--- 帖子 #482 ---
I'm looking at longer TFs as well.  Hourly, 2hr and 4hr.  I look for pullbacks on the base TF (e.g. hourly) and try to enter at better price.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
is there anyway we can backtest this system on Forextester ?

--- 帖子 #484 ---
You would have to programme the indicators for Forextester

For backtesting the Genesis system i recommend the LFH Trading Simulator as mentioned in the original Genesis thread.
LFH Trading simulator

--- 帖子 #485 ---
EURUSD buy for +29 pips, missed the earlier entry.

Exit at yesterdays high.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
GA

--- 帖子 #487 ---
GA

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Have you come to a final conclusion by your backtests?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #489 ---
NZD/USD. H1.

45 Pips. ASC trend entry with 20 pip trailing SL.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Nice trade ExcessFX - may I ask the name of that Market Open Times indi you have there?  My indi writes the names across the PA action and I have to move them all the time.

PM1

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Hey PM1, its been a while! i trust you are well?

I have very little time for manual trading these days, so i'm using a robot (EA) to trade the ASC arrows between certain times of day.

I use another EA called wheelbarrow to control my breakeven point then trailing stop thereafter.

It seems to be going ok on NZD/USD in the H1 timeframe, as that pair is not as volatile as say a yen pair.

PM me and i will share the EA. Not sure if i should be posting it here.

Also, I experimented the the Mithen EA that automates Udines 00 level trading, but it wasn't working out so well.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Hello All,

Since I cannot post on the original thread I am posting it here. I want to take this time to thank all the people who contributed and helped into developing the "Genesis Matrix system" you guys are amazing!!!! After studying and fully understanding how this system works I was able to profit from it since just 2 days ago. And to share something nice, today I am at 500+ pips in profit. =)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Hi

wow Great system.  Are u trading at one hour TF or smaller ?

I also tried to load on my MT4

some how indicators does not work on latest Mt4.

Please can you post your template and indicators and which broker you are using.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Hello,

I use H1 TF.

Im using the genesis ind_templ_build_600+.zip found here - http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796

Here's the result of nov18-19 trades:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Again thank you to everyone who contributed in creating this Genesis Matrix!

--- 帖子 #495 ---
IonTrading,

indeed very nice results. I'm sure, there are a lot of followers, who are interested

in 'higher timeframes'. This already was mentioned sometimes, but as I remember,

never really evaluated, because RJ and the other vets were trading 1/5/15.

Cheers

josch

--- 帖子 #496 ---
mkfx,

agree on IanTrading's last post - the Matrix is working on most recent MT4 release.

Check, if you have all indicators on your chart and if you have enough candles back.

Cheers

josch

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Is that the Ichimoku Cloud on your chart?  I know that's not part of the aforementioned template....are you using that as part of your entry?

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Yep, I use Ichimoku kinko hyo along with the matrix. Well the matrix alone is good enough but i have that ichimoku to boost trading confidence.

@ mkfx,

My broker is fxcm MT4. You can get free demo with them.

M1,M5,M15 TF is also good but i wont be able to simultaneously do multi-currency pair trading with it.

Using 0.1 lot over a variety of pairs in H1 is better than using 1 lot on a single pair in M1-15. Well, we all have our trading styles.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Simply put..You have a system that gives you 60-90% Chance of success, why limit it on a single trade?

You make 10 trades and lose 4 hitting your SL, but the rest gets in profit hitting x5 to x20 of your initial stop loss then you are all set my friend.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Great job!  Look forward to seeing some charts showing Entry and Exit...if you would be so kind! thanks!

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Well in my opinion, the trouble is with the loss in equity (leverage!!!!!!) and with that comes the margin call exposure too.

As you said I think with fxcm, you can safely trade 5 trades with 10% of the equity, where the leverage is 1:200 and the margin call is about 80% of the equity loss.

otherwise just use 1% of the equity and trade over 10 trades at a time. just my cents.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Hello,

Sorry its a bit of a pain to do the charts one by one.. You can look it up on your own.

Here's my current positions, includes time open, entry price and SL.

As you can see the SL is very low. I just hope i wont get screwed by UK Retail Sales news release later..Not sure if its ok to keep trades open on news release or not. @_@

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Yes, this helps...if possible, please post your outcome...however, the UK news may impact.....best of luck!

--- 帖子 #504 ---
thanks for posting the trades.

I tired to see the trades on FXCM charts 1 hr TF but signals are not on the time as shown in  your pic. Please can post what is time difference between FXCM server and Zulu screen shot time.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Just as i feared News release screwed me up. The low SL's lost to the market's erraticness during news release. As such, Opening new positions 4-8 hours before a news release is not recommended. Well id say only trade when all news releases for the day is over.

Here's the chart for GBPCAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Nice Ion.......I had good day with gbpusd hitting 1 lot at 35 pips profit and 2nd lot hit my stop at BE ....traded b4 the news, but mainly relied on the currency meter, and traded in that direction.....USD was very weak at the time, and JPY and GBP pairs were strongest.....have currently 4 other pairs at about 40 pips floating profit...all from this morning....also, followed RSI 21 dashboard for further confirmation:

--- 帖子 #507 ---
4xplosion,

your addon MTF RSI 21 looks like an interesting tool. Searching for this unfortunately I had no success finding. Is it a free indicator or did you buy it?

Cheers

josch

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Here you go....the default is rsi 5, just change to your preference...

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Thank you!

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Anyone tried this system on a demo account for at least three months to see the results, if any? link a trading account to forexfactory or post a myfxbook or email me, the results, please?

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Hello every one! I hope it is the continuation of original Genesis thread. Learning a lot from that thread. The original idea working like a charm, i am only trying it on demo this week, but for 3 days 240 pips, I had 2 trades this morning 90 pips in total, I am really amazed how it works, just following RJs rules.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Can you share the mtf indicator on upper left corner of chart?  Looked, and could not find it...thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #513 ---
4xplosion,

this indicator is out of original GMS package 1st post [Genesis Matrix 2.21].

josch

--- 帖子 #514 ---
With all due respect, I have had that file all along, but that indicator, I cannot find in the files, and I use the same template.....still looking/requesting...

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Sorry, you are absolutely right, brain seems to be on another whatever.

This is an additional indicator made by xaphod. Look for his thread or

attached - you'll find the most recent.

Cheers

josch

REMARK: the attached file was an old version

Go to xaphod's thread for GMTS Dash v 1.602

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Much thanks Josch, found it....however, the ADR on the bottom of the dash and the TFs are missing on mine....I have build 600.....just wondering....

--- 帖子 #517 ---
4xplosion,

1st you should have v GMTS-Dash 1.602.

2nd check if ADR is 'true' (Inputs)

3rd check / change colors, you're also missing all descriptions (header / symbol text)

josch

--- 帖子 #518 ---
ADR is now on...from zip, I have "GMTS-Dash v1.00, 2012-09-05, Xaphod".......and appears to be made for build 419...
NOTE!
GMTS-Dash REQUIRES MT4 Build 419.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
4xplosion,

3rd try ...

here you go at xaphods thread with the Matrix tools.

Was copying the zip out of my archive and it wasn't the most recent zip - sorry!

josch

--- 帖子 #520 ---
This morning's setup EJ

Pre London open
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #521 ---
This morning's GJ

At London Opening.

Note: both EJ and GJ trades counter to Daily trend. Acknowledging the daily trend is important, but pure Genesis Signal does give you the pips.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
The GU trade was along daily trend.

Trading along the daily direction, expect more pips. Most of the senior traders I know would not trade against the daily trend at all.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Good to see you again Padila!

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Can you please share explanation of your entries??? Thank you

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Good to hear from you. How is it going? I will try and post from time to time. Cannot promise to be regular.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
All the entries were in accordance with the original Genesis Matrix Method. Time of the day you trade is vital. Most people would trade with London.

Regarding the GU trade, if you look at the day chart, the trend has been down for some time. More recently, price is hovering around the 1.5700 mark. Hence the H4 chart would show the price ranging. In the last couple of days, price made some higher lows on the H4 and yesterday, at London open time, price rejected the 1.5800 level, which is also the Weekly R2 and at that time, all the Genesis Signals lined up. The exit was at Daily Pivot.

Hope I am not making it complicated. Genesis in its pure form works wonders. Just add in your price action analysis from the higher time frames. If you are with the trend and the time of the day is right, you get the trade. Hope it helped. I am not aware of your level of experience, but if you have not already done so, please go through the original Genesis Matrix thread.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Regarding the GJ trade, the daily trend is up. More recently, price has been unable to go past 186.00 level. Therefore, the H4 is making higher lows but not made any higher highs. Yesterday's opportunity was when price rejected the daily pivot, at a time when Genesis lined up along with the Stochs. Trade was counter to daily trend but with the above price action analysis and Genesis being all system go, was a trade that could be taken and managed manually.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
The EJ analysis is similar. Price rejected 147.00 and Daily pivot and Genesis and Stochs were good. 146.50 or thereabouts is where price then hesitated, good level to exit manually.

I am not going to post the HTF charts. I am sure you can have a quick look yourself to see what I mean.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Just to highlight what I was mentioning,
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EU Day chart shows that the trend is down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

More recently, price is ranging as is obvious from the H4 chart. But if you go to M15 chart, there is a downtrend.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This morning, Genesis signalled a down trade on M5. The M15 has cyclicity and the trend is down. There was news at the time, but Genesis did give the right signal. Whether one trades during news or not is up to individual choice, but the signal was good.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
It's nice to see you posting again, Sir!

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Live result with 13 consecutive wins so far in 6 trading days. Traded genesis with my personal technical/fundamental view.

I jump between time frames but primary rely on H1 stoch for trend decision and M1/M5 for entry

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Thank you! Really appreciated your explanation! I am reading original thread, on page 600 right now.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Nice trading !

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Thanks, Sir. Great to hear from you!

Will try to be regular with postings.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Great!

The postings on the original thread will help you focus on the Genesis Matrix method. As RJ had pointed out several times, the idea of the thread was to discuss the pure method of Genesis. What I do is, do my own price action analysis and base my entries on Genesis. In the original thread, I did not (tried not to) post any non Genesis discussion, to keep the thread pure as per RJ's wish. In this thread, I might discuss price action analysis from time to time to explain the Genesis entries. I cannot promise to be regular, but will try post trades whenever possible.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Genesis seems to be great to confirm what we see from price action. I look forward to your analysis. I am happy that I stumbled across this thread. I tried Genesis on the 1 min, but I found that the 5 min is much easier (for me) to trade from.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
From my experience, Genesis M5 is really good to place a trade since the signals are well defined. Once the price action analysis and multiple time frame correlation is clear, Genesis has always helped me place the trade.

Regarding M1, my only experience is with indices, but whenever I trade the indices in M1, I always have a M5 chart open in front of me all the time. Yes, M1 is good for Forex as well and RJ had proved that. I think it is a matter of experience and what suits the trader personally.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
This morning's EU.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Daily chart bearish. H4 recent lower high, still bearish.

This morning, M15 bearish.

M5 Chart: At 04:40 GMT, there was a Genesis signal and the Stochs were giving the right signal, but there was no volume in the market. At FO, price rejected Daily Pivot and made a lower high. At London open, when volume came, price continued down. Trade was taken just before full Matrix signal, but as mentioned before, the setup was there much before London open.

Points against the trade were BRN 1.2450 and Weekly Pivot at 1.2447, but price broke through these levels without any problem.

From EU M5, one cannot expect more than 20 pip move anyway. The stop loss was also around 20 pips and trade was about 1:1.

The Spanish news did favour the trade, but I wanted to highlight the analysis.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hi, sorry for my bad language. I also use genesis,but I have a pretty old version.And I but the interesting thing to test Your completion of this strategy,unless of course it is possible.
What additional indicators are used and what are your criteria when entering a position?What are the rules for the installation of stop loss and taike profit do You use?
Please,if possible please share Your version of this strategy and pravilov entry and exit from the market.Once again I apologize for my bad English

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Vahe, I want you to know that I did not add any other indicator as Genesis strategy is already complete. My advice is to study chart pattern and daily/ weekly S/R level. Chart patterns such as head and shoulders, ascending triangle etc are "very important" when trading with any strategy. There are more available on the website. Google and memorize them as it will be extremely helpful for ur future trading. Try to combine those knowledge with Genesis and I believe u should have more accurate entry. If you know how to find entry, you will know where to exit as well. And remember that putting SL to break even is very important once you've hit 15 or 20 pips. Hmm pretty much that is.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Morning traders. First trade for today +26 for now.

Some times it is not easy to define the entry but some times it is really easy like today

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GJ this morning.

Daily trend bullish. H4 good cyclicity, bullish. H1 bullish. Retracement of price in the morning, then Pivot break. Good Genesis signals. Price went to BRN 187.00

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Nice trade, well done!

--- 帖子 #544 ---
VaheV,

I also recommend to go to the original Matrix thread and simply check for RJ's pics (paperclip above right).

You will get a feeling of entry/exit as RJ traded and explained. The most recent version of indicators you still find on page 1 of the above thread / some additional indicators in Xaphod's thread, also mentioned on page 1.

Cheers

josch

--- 帖子 #545 ---
EU today.

Daily trend bearish. H4 bearish. Price below support level of 1.2400. M15 bearish.

Good Genesis signal on M5. M15 stochs already down, but with above price action analysis, trade was taken.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Good to see you're still around! Looks like everything is going well.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Hello Guys! Still testing the system on demo. Last week wasn't that good, I could say wasn't good at all, but still made some profit.

Missed this morning movement, was busy in the morning, trying to catch some pips by the end of day.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Can you help me out with some advise, in the original thread some members using H4 and H1 stoch, but other members was against it, I have seen your charts with those stochs, what would you advise,  is it reliable to use or not ? Thx

--- 帖子 #549 ---
There's really no right or wrong answer regarding this question. I've attached 2 images below hoping to clarify this.

If you happened to enter long on M5 ( what I call a first mover), you would see that H1 stoch had not yet reacted and was still pointing downward. But what happened later on? The trend turned back to the upside, and H1 stoch followed shortly roughly 2 hours later. If you missed the first move, you could still enter long followed by Genesis rule. So once H1 stoch has picked up, there is no reason to short this pair since the higher timeframe stochs are all going up.

If you are unclear of the stoch movement, you should look at the price action. Higher higher, Higher Low = uptrend. PA indeed bounced back from pivot and broke previous minor resistance and fundamentally AUD was weakening. All these add up should pretty much tell you that EA was going up and the recent pull back should be a correction for a higher move.

Again, before you jump into any trade, you should make sure you fully understand the S/R level and make sure that you know how to read stoch on different timeframe properly. All I can say is that this system does give high winning rate, and I'm still trying to master it. I've updated my trading result at the end as well. It's live result, not scamming.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Thank you ! Really helpful ! If it is not a lot to ask, can you post some of your trades. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #551 ---
I just stopped by as your post caught my eye a few days ago. You're doing a good job here Padila.....keep it up, and have a great Christmas

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I had a nice little trade today, and wanted to share a screenshot. I hope this thread does not die out. I really like this strategy.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
GJ Not the best entry but I was lucky.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Good catch. It was near perfect one.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
New Trader here on a demo account. Just graduated babypips before holiday season and spent the season reading the genesis continuation post and the first 100 or so pages of the original post. Just wanted to share my very first 'real' demo trade (minus a few I made while learning about the interface during the course) and it was a success too!

xBB Trade Post - 1

Trend overall on 5,15,1H was downwards so I was looking for a down trade.

I labelled the SL on the 5 minute at the last high.

My TP was at the S1 for +24. The price dipped a bit further but it looks like it's about to rebound as I type this. I could have milked it for a few more pips but I'm perfectly content as it is. (Might still break through but not going to worry about that).

Trade (+)

Saw the down arrow and favorable stochastic 15. The most recent stochastic 5 wasn't at the 80 level but the one only a few bars before it was and it corresponded to the 15 stochastic.

Followed the trend.

Trade (-)

The only thing that made me really nervous was actually there was an up arrow only a few bars before on the 15 graph but it dojied with overbought stochastic so I thought it was just a minor retracement / false arrow. I didn't have to monitor it for long before the down arrow I wanted came.

Improvements for the future: Just related to probably being a noob. I liked to stare at the chart from start to finish like a cat with a dangling toy in front of it. I'm going to monitor it carefully for the 15 arrow and then do other things so I don't just stare at it; it'll just give me a heart attack one day xD.

I'll try to post here and there. Looking forward to working with yall.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
AC trade +23, up trend, support, exit at the pivot level

--- 帖子 #557 ---
EU

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Hi, im been reading up on the genesis main thread for some time and started some demo trading today.

EURCAD

Is this entry ok?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Hi Leastchaos

Stoch signáls are very good,but it is contrary trend and on the left on your chart I can see support area too.Personally I would not take this one.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
ok. i will try to take more note of the nearby S/R levels if im trading against the trend.

Luckily i guess it turned out well.

I exited and reentered at a new point as its a down trend, it closed below the pivot and the stoch looks gd to me
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What do you think of the exit and reentry?

--- 帖子 #561 ---
AUDUSD

--- 帖子 #562 ---
olla genesis troopers, just was wondering how did this great thread be dead, anyway will try to post my screens from time to time, so lets start this by showing my screen.

as u see i use genesis matrix last update, together with few indi, mainly i use this on 30m-1hr , as few yrs ago

i was looking for 1hr system and found this great system

im nt gonna say im great using this system, as most days im not able to day trade, but if you know wht u r doing, then thi system will be great complementary

for your portfolio

anyway i hope we can bring back this thread and lets help each other

--- 帖子 #563 ---
btw i forgot to mention this thread owner, da mighty REALJUMPER man i just cant thank enough for all da coaching u been doing on ur original thread, that thread should be placed on hall of fame , just to let u knw hw good it was atleast for, if realjumper offered to sell his service nobody can afford and the few who can,will be rich for sure

also wanna thank everybody who helped on the original thread, i dont want to mention names just not to forget any, so thank u all guys/girls

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Don't let genesis thread die. I ll try to post my trades frequently.

Here is a EU trade I took today.

Few pips below 1.0800 BRN, M15 stoch had a wide mouth open.

Strong signal for me, H1 chart had a strong bear trend.

SL was 20 pips,

M15 stochs and M5 genesis matrix didn't care S2 line, so i put tp few pips above S3.

61 Pips TP hit.

R:R = 3

If you risk 2% , you should have made 6% of the account.

This is the power of genesis. thank you RJ  and other senior members.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
i dont want to see the demise of such a great system. did a little trading on M1 EURJPY today with genesis. there was an earlier signal but i missed it, caught a part of trend though.

M1 and M5 < SMA 60(Matryfishs filter)

M5 and M15 Matrix down

M5, M15 ASCTrend Red at this point.

M5 Stoch Oversold but M15,M30,H1 are agreeing

im using M1 to see entry and exit as i feel that it works for me better although im still using M5 and M15 timeframe

Exit: Candle Close > EMA 5 and High of previous 2 candle

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Nice trades guys - RJ would be proud!!

PM1

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Morning, nice trade Leastchaos.

I'm mainly on GU at present (sometimes EU lately).

Today's trade below. Very quick and my day is complete; 18 pips (target 20) is good enough for me.

Good weekend all.

Strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Nice to see you Back

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Yesterday was red for me . Took a EU trade today , Price is retracing back to the previous prices after FOMC , there was a little pullback near 1.07000 , I moves SL to BE + few pips.

sl ws 34pips , tp was 120 pips , R:R is around 3.5

--- 帖子 #570 ---
hi guys who are still using genesis,

i was doing a visual backtest on the m5 eurusd chart and was so called "flying blind" by just using indicator, m5 matrix, m5 asc trend and m5 and m15 stochastic. the hidden indicator windows are just the m15 version which i did not look at to pick these signals

so i got this 2 signal. is there something wrong with this 2 entry or what would prevent me from taking the first trade and only the 2nd trade.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
It is a CT signal , personally i don't take CT signals without at least two pullbacks from the s/r level. If the 15M stochs momentum is very high ( wide mouth open ) I take CT trades, It is a choice of the trader. Back testing using 15 stochs in 5min chart does not provide correct signal locations. M15 stochs repaint within three 5min bars.

Best way to test is forward testing using a demo. There is a IFR test result posted by jjre65 in the original genesis thread. If you want to get confidence with genesis signals IFR testing is a good way.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...73#post7126973

From this post jjre65 has posted his experiences and trades.

Those are my ideas.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
There is a very simple way to avoid such losing trades.

After a trade is signalled, use a buffer before entry.

I trade 1 min charts and use a buffer of 1 pip minimum (ie - I always wait for price improvement of 1 pip before entry), for 5min charts you could consider a wider buffer, whatever suits you.

if you enter immediately on a signal, you will be amazed at the number of times you will be on a train going in the wrong direction. Use a buffer and at least you know the trade is going your way. It may not guarantee a profit, but it considerably improves the likelihood.

It does of course cost you an extra pip in expenses, but I see that as a worthwhile business expense!!

Hope it helps, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #573 ---
thanks i will take a look on them.

thanks for the feedback. i will take a look at it for this week trading.

just realised your style of trading in the multi stochastic thread suits my thoughts on this system too. gonna study them too XD

--- 帖子 #574 ---
It's good this thread is still alive. The system is ok, but it's good to do extra analysis when using it. One has to be selective as what to trade and what not - I guess it comes with experience.

I shorted eur/jpy - set up was at 13:45 (London time - at the close of that 5m candle). I traded it because the matrix was good for a short, stochastic indicator was reasonable and most of all I liked that 'double top'. The price couldn't push up through a previous local high and that was enough for me to short it. There was no arrow, but as RJ mentioned it's ok if it appears shortly afterwards. Maybe I was too cautious to exit there, but I decided beforehand when it closes above yellow ma it's time to exit (don't like overstaying my welcome).

Next short set up was maybe ok, but I was not completely happy with it. Reason enough for me to miss the trade.

I'll post whenever I can. Please keep posting your trades (winning or losing - it doesn't matter) and try to explain why you took them.

Trade well

--- 帖子 #575 ---
End of another good week (and month). Just 1 trade today, +18. Very straightforward and completely stress free.

Good week-end to all, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Nicely done as always

Hope you have great weekend with spring setting in

Rooi

--- 帖子 #577 ---
hi to all

i like your system

i will test it next week

thanks

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Short week again this week but decent result overall and a good Friday finish.

Trade 1, I was never comfortable with this long trade as price was close to the number below and normally around this time it would be unlikely for price to go anywhere without first testing the number either stop-hunting or a sustained move down. So I was looking for reasons to exit and the chart gave me all the info I needed.

Trade 2 was a no-brainer, just before Frankie open and the number below acting like a magnet plus a solid signal on G1m.

Close enough to daily target to finish for the day.

Good weekend to all, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #579 ---
ok

--- 帖子 #580 ---
EURNZD trade this morning:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #581 ---
1 loss, 1 win on EURCAD this morning and 1 big win on EURNZD:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Nicely done

How many pairs do you monitor if I may ask

Rooi

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Hi Rooi,

Usually about 6. I choose the pairs with the biggest ADR. I use the attached indicator. At the moment it's EURAUD, EURJPY, GBPAUD, GBPZND, EURNZD, EURCAD.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
ohhhh what happened there

--- 帖子 #585 ---
there was nothing wrong with that trade..some trades just don't go your way

--- 帖子 #586 ---
hi guys, i made a simple ea to take a screenshot each time a genesis signal appears and show previous genesis signal. (the first time it all aligns to a single color) it helped me a little to analyse entry signal as i was busy the last few weeks at school so i used it just to look at entry signals at the end of the day. not sure if it will be of use to you guys but here it is. its based on the gmts tape which you have to download from the thread here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=381999

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #588 ---
did a couple trades on live today. made a few mistake

my first trade was pretty bad. i broke a few rules

1) i entered a sell when the candle did not close and thus the genesis matrix was not completed.

2) removed my SL which allowed me into a drawdown of 20 pips which was pretty big compared to my take profit of 6~10pips

3) add on to the trade which worked out well but i closed too early due to the stress i experienced watching it go into loss previously by my initial trade

i broke the rules as i thought it would continue to go down as i checked not only on this symbol and timeframe but across EURX and USDX and different timeframe which was indicative of a downward movement. if i was more patient and waited for the close i would not have entered at such a worse price and would have entered at a better price on my 2nd trade.

i entered on the 3rd trade on the right most which currently is sitting at + 10pips right after i entered and already moved SL to breakeven.

edit1: profit taken at pivot level on 3rd trade XD. seems like it can still go down but i will just look at it for now.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
nice trade. eurusd is going down now

did another scalp trade on M1 EURUSD,
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

first trade entered on a buy but it did not seemed to be going well. closed at +2 pips

2nd trade closed at +22pips.

one thing i noticed a few times is, if the matrix changes color 3 times in a row and align with its stoch direction at its last candle, its usually a good trade. i don't know for sure but i noticed it enough times to catch my attention during the past week of looking at the charts.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Interesting results. This system performs better than it really should. I feel that all strategies that rely on renko type signal generation are not going to be very profitable in the long run. The simple reason is that averaging price action into down/up movements is tossing buckets of information that is contained in candle patterns/ratios etc. These are the signals which have stood the test of time and that have a lot of meaning especially in higher time frames. Each candle tells an individual story/sentiment

--- 帖子 #591 ---
I have traded equities professionally since the 90's until the series 56 came along. I wish I would have had something like this for equities. I have seen many traders come and go. Very few have stood the test of time. Based on the original thread, this system performs exactly as it should. Perhaps go and read it.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Morning, end of another short bank holiday week and of course the month, but no complaints, G1m still working well.

Trading GU or EU at present. GU today and chart below.

Regards to all, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Nice going Strada

You are inspirational,

Enjoy your weekend

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Hi Strada

Nice Trading today as always

I noticed today that you got the signal 1 bar earlier on FXCM than I did at ICmarkets and with this example specifically it made a big difference but a quick glance at this mornings PA doesn't show a real substantial difference to warrant a change on my part but I was wondering :

1. If you always use FXCM and have you ever noticed a big difference between brokers in the signals that are produced?

2. This Particular setup scenario has had me thinking over the last 2 or 3 months and I was wondering your views on it and I think today's scenario gives a perfect example of what has been rolling around inside my head:

In your trade the signal candle forms higher in the reversal "leg" and you are able to get a cheap SL compared to the signal that I got 1 candle later which had given a big push into a decent support/demand area and often gives us that retrace that we saw this morning or a complete reversal in which case you have a much cheaper SL compared to mine if I had sold on the initial signal that I had received but as the SL was to big I decided to wait to see if there was a retrace in the making and it was and all was well but getting to my question about it......

Would you have sold there where you sold today without signal confirmation and the candle closing if your signal was forming like mine was. Specifically where it broke the small support or higher low and went lower or would you then have waited for the candle to close like I did or had to at a much lower price and if so would you have sold at that lower level or would you have waited like I did to see what the market did next and if there was a retrace ?

Hope that's not too long winded and confusing as it makes sense in my mind and I would be happy to do chart to explain in more detail.

As always thank you for your time

Rooi

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Anthm, thanks and trust you're well. (got your email thanks, had house guests and couldn't respond straight away but pleased to hear your news, hope you are enjoying the new challenges??)

Hi Rooi, hope you're well too.

I'm not sure if I have got the right handle on your question above but I'm going to answer it in 2 ways anyway so maybe one of them fits!?!

I have posted a chart below showing the signal on the following bar.

Like you I most likely wouldn't have entered immediately after your signal due to high SL.

Firstly, I need to explain my motivation at this stage. I'd already banked 10 pips so was now looking to supplement that up to around 20 total and had no intention of letting my day become a losing one, so my actual SL was 9 come what may. You may have noticed I only had 1 TP on the trade and not the normal 2.

If I'd had your signal then when price reached +5/6 I would definitely have revised SL to BE. Initially it got to +7.5. I may well have considered closing for +6/7 here as 16/17 total for the day is fine for me. If I'd let it run then before or after it reached +12, I would definitely have closed, probably around 10.

When in this frame of mind I'm really watching price movement closely for pauses, weakness, reversing, levels etc and I'm just trying to get the most beneficial exit in that particular area. For the sake of a few pips I never push for more to satisfy a target, I have to be realistic and consider what is on offer.

On the other hand if it had been a normal trade using your signal with 2 TP's I'm sure it would have been around +7 & +10.

Hope this helps, regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Hi all,

Something I have been running into is the amount of resources this takes. Computer it's on it a newer gaming style computer so I don't think that's the issue. Any ideas on where to start looking?

Edit; I figured it out. Too many bars in history.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Makes perfect sense thank you very much.Thank for the explanation

Then I wanted to ask about the entry from the retrace and the continuation like shown in the  in the screenshot.

I see then that you dont wait for the low to be taken out like ABC pattern,is that correct ? (as per screenshot attached )

Always a pleasure to see your chart so thank for taking  the time to share it

Hope you have a good weekend and that we might see another chart some time int he future

Rooi

--- 帖子 #598 ---
That's correct Rooi, in that situation at that time when the market is likely looking for direction I'm more inclined to enter based on the signal close (with the usual 1 pip price improvement). In that situation, if price doesn't break the previous low then I have something else to think about. If it reverses away from the previous low then I'll be prepared to look for an exit if PA so determines. If it becomes rangebound then I'll look for best exit nearest BE.

If this scenario occurs in an established tight range then I'll look at hi/lo's to break.

This comes under my heading of "Looking for reasons to take the trade - rather than looking for reasons NOT to take the trade"

As you have heard me say many times - I'd rather be in a (signalled) losing trade than be out of a (signalled) winning trade. So unless there is a very obvious and strong reason for not using a signal, I will enter and then manage it according to the terrain around me.

Have a good weekend yourself, all the best, strada.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Hi Strada

Thank you for getting back to me,after really exclusively working with this way of trading the last +/- 8 months I have often wondered about small things like you mentioned in your previous post and now I know where you stand regarding that so it clears it up very nicely thank you.

I get where you are coming from regarding the before mentioned example and the "Looking for reasons to take the trade - rather than looking for reasons NOT to take the trade" . So what are your thoughts on the following bunch of trades that presented themselves on Friday afternoon.

There SL's are what I would consider on the too large side yet often they are able make it to the +6 mark for a TP1 and SL to BE but due to the higher volatility often get stopped out for the +6 and BE and then due to the bigger SL 1 reversal will often undo 3 good trades worth of TP1's so I often tend to have a fixed SL of 6 - 8 pips (like you had on your second trade on Friday) and take the loss without a reversal forming but that leaves one open to just getting shaken out on the retrace before it continues in the original direction.I know there are no magic answer to the example I am showing but would you have traded all the trades as shown in the screenshot or which would you have taken and which would you have left.

Thank you for your time and effort and patience that you take when responding to me

Good luck for the week

Rooi

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Hi Rooi

Most of the signals shown on your chart with the large SL's I would not have considered initially.

However what did happen with some of them was that price action following the signals produced new levels offering much better SL's. In this case I'll consider a late entry using the original signal but SL's based on new levels to the right of the signal.

Another tactic I sometimes use comes into play on the first signal on your chart. Immediately after the signal bar, price moved positively more than 1 pip. So I will consider that a properly signalled trade is currently in play but I'm not in it due to the original high SL (my choice). Price then reversed up to around the same high area of the signal bar and another bar 3 previous to that. So now what we have is like a mini resistance area here. I might then consider an entry when price drops away from that high area and use those highs for my SL which can be as low as 2/3/4. My attitude here is that there is a legitimate trade in progress here with no obvious reason yet for an exit so why not join the party late on a much better entry price and really cheap SL.

So some of the signalled trades could have been entered using the above variations. When I have more time I'll run through some of them to seee whether they would have been profitable or not. At first glance some of them worked out at least for TP1 around 7/8.

Some of the signals you illustrated didn't materialise for me as I still use the stochs.

Hope this helps, all the best, strada.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Hi Rooi

Most of the signals shown on your chart with the large SL's I would not have considered initially.

However what did happen with some of them was that price action following the signals produced new levels offering much better SL's. In this case I'll consider a late entry using the original signal but SL's based on new levels to the right of the signal.

Yes I get where you are coming from and glad to hear I have extracted your meaning correctly regarding this

Another tactic I sometimes use comes into play on the first signal on your chart. Immediately after the signal bar, price moved positively more than 1 pip. So I will consider that a properly signalled trade is currently in play but I'm not in it due to the original high SL (my choice). Price then reversed up to around the same high area of the signal bar and another bar 3 previous to that. So now what we have is like a mini resistance area here. I might then consider an entry when price drops away from that high area and use those highs for my SL which can be as low as 2/3/4. My attitude here is that there is a legitimate trade in progress here with no obvious reason yet for an exit so why not join the party late on a much better entry price and really cheap SL.

I have the same approach now that I saw in your examples and those are my favorite trades.Bread and butter trades if I might use those words.Which setup would you say you like the most?AND just to confirm you do have like a set bunch of "patterns" either on paper or in your head that you can say they really stand out and often repeats themselves daily or a couple of times a day/week ?

So some of the signalled trades could have been entered using the above variations. When I have more time I'll run through some of them to seee whether they would have been profitable or not. At first glance some of them worked out at least for TP1 around 7/8.

They do all make it to TP1 (except for trade 9) and that is/was/has always been something I was unsure about your "view" on them when the SL is that big.So just to 100% confirm : You would simply let the trade go if your SL was to big and then see how to proceed further down the line or later in the move

Often we might act differently in the same situation but I like to be able to say to myself in my head that Strada would have done this or that in that situation or maybe even not been in that situation so that even if knowingly I do something different at least I have the other side of the coin knowing what another option might have been from someone that has very good track record with making high probability decisions

Some of the signals you illustrated didn't materialise for me as I still use the stochs.

Glad to hear you say that.So if the SLs are to big or the setups isn't right then you simply sit and wait till it fits your risk tolerance even if the signals play out nicely one after the other as frustrating as it might be you would just sit and wait for the "right" ones to come along.

Hope this helps, all the best, strada.

One last question when you have a second please....

In the previous screenshot we see a short form with one matrix block being red yet we dont see improvement so no trade BUT let imagine for a second that all our entry requirement are met for that short and we have decent size SL and we enter short and within seconds we see that massive bar higher taking us out at our SL,no problem we need to have losers sometimes as well but now we are faced with that massive spike and a massive SL on the long side.Would you still just be waiting to see what happens and then wait for cheaper SL to appear even if the market might move a really big amount pips and you are losing out on the big push.Is that when we just have to accept the limitations of your system and wait for a proper signal to come along?

Thank for taking the time to answer.It really does put a wondering mind at ease.

All the best for the week

Rooi

--- 帖子 #602 ---
"In the previous screenshot we see a short form with one matrix block being red yet we dont see improvement so no trade BUT let imagine for a second that all our entry requirement are met for that short and we have decent size SL and we enter short and within seconds we see that massive bar higher taking us out at our SL,no problem we need to have losers sometimes as well but now we are faced with that massive spike and a massive SL on the long side.Would you still just be waiting to see what happens and then wait for cheaper SL to appear even if the market might move a really big amount pips and you are losing out on the big push.Is that when we just have to accept the limitations of your system and wait for a proper signal to come along? "

Hi Rooi, If that scenario arises then that trade is over for me and I'll wait for the next fresh signal to evaluate.

Regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Hi Strada

Perfect,very clear

Rooi

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Hi Strada and Rooi

Not really Genesis but as we know it G1M,

Had a play before work, running out of time, did however achieve my goal.

2 TP,s and trying to preserve some TP2 before it has a chance to roll back to BE SL. If Take 7 on TP1 trying to preserve at least 5 on TP2

Any thoughts?

Have to run

Anthm

Edit As I type Its well and truly gone North, I take it you captured it Strada?

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Morning Anthm, very nice, pleased to see you're on 2 rather than 3 tp's. Think 2 is better on G1m overall.

I was on EU today, signal came earlier than GU. Just 1 trade and finished just after Frankie open.

Kindest regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Hi Anthm

Nicely done

Here is what I had

Rooi

--- 帖子 #607 ---
I prefer 5m time frame - I find it more relaxing (and it was quite rewarding today). I liked stochs and really nice r/r. Waited a bit for the second target, but I didn't mind.

So entry at signal as per rules and targets at MR2 and R2 with stop below the congestion low - nice & simple

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #609 ---
...and again 5m and gbp/usd. Not as easy as yesterday, but still - shouldn't complain

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #610 ---
@IlyaSilver (and others as well)

You certainly have read the main thread, especially the first posts there and are aware of the thread rules: No additions, no fancy stuff/indicators, no candlesticks! To be disciplined is the first step towards a disciplined trader, which all successful traders are.

Regards

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Great trades Demoreal, 5mins working well for you, long may it continue.

One trade for me today on EU, thought I may have been headed for the exit at frankie open. Not an unusual PA on the open but as so often happens, quick rebound bar allowing a reasonable exit if it had been required.

Good end result, daily target met.

Rgds, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Wow.

You just posted for sake of telling us how wrong we are about what we are doing yet you dont show even one trade here or anything

Each to their own - We post it here because of the rules in the other thread.

Why put people down like that - You most probably dont trade GEN anyway so what am I wasting my time posting a response.

The way most of us trade GEN on the 1 min is nothing like the original method anyway.

Anyways

All the best to you

Rooi

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Morning Strada

Well done

Late start for me and so had that crappy entry way to to late in the move and then forced it - Fear of losing out -

Still up a couple but will be looking for some more

Thanks for your chart and sharing - You traded EU because the signal came first or was there another reason?

Rooi

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Nice one Strada

This was mine, I had fun today to finish +24.6

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Hi demoreal

Nice trading

How many pairs do you trade and how many trades on average  a day ?

Good Luck and all the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Perfect trading anthm

I certainly only got a fraction of what was on offer

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Thanks Rooi

and your right about Forex 37, the guy needs to take a Hike.

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Morning Rooi, the GU signal came first today (2 mins earlier) but EU moved first with the 1 pip improvement while GU wasn't showing any signs of movement beyond the signal close. EU had been a bit flatter overnight and very often starts showing increased movement before and during the open, so was happy to enter EU at that time.

strada.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
I cant agree more

--- 帖子 #620 ---
I see.

I get where you are coming from and it played nicely today

Rooi

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Thanx Strada

I like your charts and explanations

Trade well

DR

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Hi Forex37

I tend to follow the rules as per RJ's instructions (5 minute time frame version) and it seems to be working for me (only addition is normal candles under HA just for practical reasons) You're right about discipline - without it we stand no chance whatsoever.

Trade well

DR

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Thanks Rooi

I like you charts and explanations.

I don't have a specific number of trades I try to do - day before yesterday I did only one trade. Yesterday I did two trades - if first one had met both targets I would have stopped trading, but it hadn't. When I got stopped for break even from the last half, I decided to go for one more. At that time I thought (rightly) that there was some kind of reversal on the way. Also I traded gbpusd both days and after NY open - somehow price action was repeating itself (going up and up in the afternoon) and I tend to exploit such price behaviour.

Sometimes I trade some other pairs - eurusd, eurjpy and audusd. Few times I traded usdjpy. Sometimes I use currency strenght meter (as advised in the original thread) if I run out of ideas what to trade.

Trade well

DR

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Strada may i ask why your trade was the first one and why you didnt take any of the prior signals....thanks

refering to the 5:38 signal...

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1433402589

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Unfortunately English is not my first but only third language. So I`m not certain, what your remark means. Could it be it`s not the friendliest?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Hi guys - nice place to hang out here - some good traders. Here are my trades on GU this morning, decided to join you guys on the 1m (I'm usually on 5m). Went short when price had strong close below pivot (blue line) with red matrix.

Price then turned, so closed with small loss.

Entered long when price broke above pivot with green matrix and held all the way to just below yesterday high (light blue line).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #627 ---
No, I don`t object to the way you trade. Perfectly well executed GEN trades, but not GENESIS. I only object to publishing this here under the GENESIS label.  If there is a bottle labelled Coke I expect it to have coke as its content, not DietCoke. Yeah I like Dietcoke - in its own bottle.

The Genesis Matrix System and its thread was defined clearly und kept clean of all (sometimes even utmost helpful) additions and changes. Otherwise this thread should change its title from Genesis - continuation to Genesis - deviation.

Yes you are right, I don`t show trades, I even don`t trade this system manually (or discretionary) any more: I`ve had it coded to be traded mechanically via the API of a non-mt4 broker. So no images available.

I just wonder, what the expression means I should "take a hike"?

Regards and thanks for taking your time

--- 帖子 #628 ---
your english sounds fine to me...its a simple question asking why strada "ignored' the previous signals and took the one he did...just to understand what was going through his mind...

roby

oops my bad...missread who it was adressed to....apologies

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Friday and done

Hope DemoReal doesnt mind us posting.If so please let us know

Good weekend to all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Morning Roby, re your Q yesterday if you look a bit further back there was a signal at 5.11 (6.11 UK time) which started the move in play when the other signals appeared at 5.32 and 5.38 so these could have been considered as continuation trades but given the PA during that move I wouldn't have considered it.

Took the earlier signal on EU, exited before news with small profit. Didn't take the signal just before Frankie open due to news, out for now.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Sure , I get where you are coming from

Sad thing is the GENESIS thread died.Taught a lot of people a good deal about trading but now the system is being used by hopefully 1000's of traders in their own way.

We just post to share what we do and to keep the system alive.I have Strada and Anthm email addresses.I could email them what my traders where but then nobody new might see what we are doing and maybe learn a very nice simple way of trading

You sound disappointed about what you found here so the best thing might be to not look here and post elsewhere.So far you are negative and all the other guys are positive.

Take a hike means to go have a walk -> specifically away from here .Which makes sense if you dont like what you see.You are free to open a thread for what you want to do.The is demoreal's thread so unless he doesnt want us posting here he can say that

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Dear,

You got my attention. I'm at the moment following Sai Ram's systems. This thread also got my attention! Will soon read al the posts. Always in for new scalping ways. I'm still newbie so I need to learn alot.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Hi daanreijn

Glad you like it.This morning was simple like many mornings but there are times that like with any system it is more tough and difficult.

Many good examples from Strada , Anthm and Myself can be found HERE if you want to look.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #634 ---
great thanks

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Hi guys,

I echo what Rooi said about posting on this thread. I love Genesis and just want to post in line with that system - Demoreal please let us know if you want me to stop posting.

Anyway here is my GU trade from this morning:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Nice trading as always.

Great that the thread seems to be gathering some good traders again with good examples

All the best and good weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Hi JPR, good to see you, nice trading, hope you're keeping well. You'll be looking forward to September, or maybe not, it's a tough group you're in. We're not so badly off, but not sure if it matters given recent performance, we'll see.

Trading today not so fruitful, couple of near misses and will be looking again to see if I should have taken more, but +14 I'll make do with it.

I'm off now, got a few things to do before tennis starts, going to be a couch potato for most of the day, 2 great semis to look forward to.

Good weekend to all, strada
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #638 ---
wow 1m trader.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Yeah looking forward to September mate, I really hope we do well. Have a good weekend - see you all Monday.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Morning, 2 trades this morning.

First exited before German news for minimal loss.

Second trade, was fortunate to get a cheaper SL because with number below at this time around frankie open there is some certainty that number will be tested either for stops or a more sustained move and I don't like missing these opportunities. All worked out OK.

strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #641 ---
4 trades so far.All single portions as the first two was more that 30min away from FO

Never got a qualified short signal before the news and FO open but if the price had broken lower by one pip of the small support line I would have gone short with normal position size position

Never went long after FO as it post news and big SL and no place to hide

Then short single position after the massive read candle and small retest and continuation although the colors dont change in the matrix or in the Heiken Ashi  the candles do show the pattern but still a big SL of about 9 pips and that isn't the best level to hide behind so just 1 position.

Then last trade like stated.Not my favorite continuation trade and just 1 position and early SL aggressively trailed because if it doesn't run straight away from that level then in my view I don't want to be in and will wait

Now waiting to see how the mess clears up and will be looking for more

Rooi

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Hi Strada

Thanks for sharing

Would you say that the risk of +/- 4 pips is what you had in your last trade

Then like you said you wanted to in the trade so it that " reason to get into a trade "  thought process but why that bar.... was there some nice rejection in that candle or was there some other reason

Thanks as always  for your time

Rooi

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Great trading as always Strada, and very clear analysis on the clean charts, my question is after hitting TP 1 +8 do you move the remaining lots to BE or lock up some profit or maintain the initial SL?

Welcome back to FF.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hi Intrepidpips, once price gets to around +6 I move SL to BE and then after TP1 normally leave TP2 at BE unless there is some significant number I don't want to go below. Eg, if TP2 at +4 gives me my daily target of 20 then I'll fix that level. Good to see you in here too, all the best.

Rooi, my thought process with that trade: immediately after the signal, price dropped more than 1 pip so to all intents and purposes it was a trade in progress. I wasn't in at that stage due to my own choice not to enter. Then, as the trade reversed slightly and created another little high I was happy to use that for an entry around the original entry price and also in the knowledge that the trade had already shown some intent to move in the right direction. SL was as you suggested just below 4 pips.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Morning, chart for today.

Didn't touch move at Frankie open, high SL.

Trade 1, signal completely broke down and showed long on matrix. Exit on improvement of solid white bar above yellow MA.

Trade 2, again today wondered if the number below would be tested and it was eventually. Let price go below but as soon as it came back up above I closed TP2. Could have let it run for more but no guarantees it would have gone below again.

Strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Not on my best form today and needles to say I missed out on a lot

First EJ with a -3.7 loss and then a +7.5 win.It had a massive spike and so I moved over to GU which looked better

On GU first +4.7 (clicked close on 6 but it jumped back.It happens).Next +7.3 and needles to say it could have gone better but was looking to finish.

Mind not all there today so anyways.Will be back tomorrow.

+15.8 on singles

Rooi

@ Strada -Nicely done.Simple and straight forward.Thank you for sharing.Making notes and taking in a lot from your consistency and still observing a lot of new things .Good day to you

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Thankyou rooi, strada and others that contribute...

strada love how simple you make it look...

rooi almost fulltime for you?

thanks

roby

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Hi Roby

Nice to hear from you again

Man,I have been making very good ground in my journey to full full time trading and on cutting the cord regarding my     job          .Although I am making money consistently now and I  have no doubt in my mind that the right time will come sooner rather than later but very content with my no risk income I get monthly from my job(which is like contract work so what I put in is what I get out and make my own hours) and when I am 200% sure then I will go for it.Just gaining confidence  while compounding and building savings.It really is about trusting yourself and the process

Hope you are still going strong.Are you still using Genesis?

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Thanks man.

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Good Afternoon, Morning all,

I see some nice trading this week.

1st opportunity for me to trade this week and I managed what I was looking for.

+20.1 on GU

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Nicely done Anthm

I have just about the same for those two trades

Will update when I am done

Rooi

--- 帖子 #652 ---
I wish I could show my 2 minutes chart with RSI and MACD indicators(Demo Account).Long EU @ 1.3090 for 13.2 pips then shortly after it shoots up.Anyway I made my 2% target.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
+7.3 + 3.8 = 11.1

+5.5 +1 = 6.5

-6.4 X 2 = -12.8

+7.2 (only 1 tp as I all ready messed up with first long with a wishful thinking entry so then I wanted to take the pressure off a bit)

So +12

Rooi

--- 帖子 #654 ---
On a lighter mood the risk is on the employer so long as you keep showing up for work

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Jip  and so most of the reward as well

Hope you are good IP

Rooi

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Morning, good profit Anthm & Rooi. GU may have been more straightforward today!!?

Dehya, I was on EU as well today but not the most comfortable journey around the round number.

I know I could have done things differently and made life easier but thankfully it worked out in the end.

The early signal I didn't take as I wasn't completely set up, shame.

The other trade not taken was partly due to the high SL, Considered 1 TP and a fixed SL, but down -13 and some doubt whether price would break through the number, decided to leave it. Wrong. This is Europe and London trading now, they set their own agenda and what happened overnight is of little consequence now!!!!

Trade 1; not comfortable with this, price had only just poked through the number but there had been other attempts overnight which failed so benefit of the doubt was possibly in favour of heading downwards again. Didn't happen and probably should have exited sooner than I did.

Trade 2; didn't enter immediately due to high SL, but good entry further on after a small pullback provided a high to use as cheap SL. Considered closing trade once I was in daily profit but decided to close TP1 and set target for TP2 to ensure no overall loss and see if there was more on offer. Went to +24 and settled for +20 on TP2.

good day to everyone, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Morning Strada.

Nice trading truly showing how experience can make a big difference

Is this your setup that you use to trade now.Split the screen in two with GEN on the one side and a clean chart zoomed in the same on the other with no more BAGO?

Rooi

PS - I really am liking the how you entered that second trade.It happens often so thank you for keeping the examples coming.Really trying to wrap my head around it properly :nerd:

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Hi Rooi, these charts are what I have on MT4, the main one obviously is the genesis for the signals and normally it's EU and GU half screen with EJ on quarter screen which I can pull up on the left if I'm looking at EJ as well. I only use the blank charts when I'm finsihed for putting in the trade info and saving. Normal view below.

I have another set of charts on my other screen (bago) and these alongside whichever trading platform I'm using are where the actual entry/exit /sl etc decisions are made after a G1m signal.

strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #659 ---
I see.

Thank you for the reply

Rooi

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Hi Strada

I was wondering if the below trade would be a failed instance of that trade setup that I have been asking you about.Like the second trade in your previous post.Obviously you didnt see the PA and all of them cant be winners but what is your opinion on this one

Thank for your time

Rooi

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Kudos to the Dean of M1 trading school

--- 帖子 #662 ---
+8.3 on 1 tp and calling it a day but like always will be monitoring the pairs

Rooi

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Morning Rooi, If the trade had been entered as shown on your chart then it would have been stopped out unfortunately. Without seeing the actual price movement around that time it's difficult to say whether it could have been any different.

Using these "secondary" entries doesn't always work out as your example shows.

I'm probably going to confuse the whole issue of this type of entry when I explain exactly how and why I use them.

Using your example it is clear that a trade is in progress, entry would have been during the bar immediately after the signal bar. It was our choice not to enter as SL was too expensive. That is our choice but doesn't negate the validity of the trade.

So the thinking now is - if a situation presents itself to get involved in that trade with reasonable risk, then should it be considered?

Price then reverses a little way past the original signal close price and forms a little high before dropping away again. This little high offers a decent SL on the original entry price.

We can now consider 2 options.

A) if pa permits we can enter on the original entry price using the much more favourable SL.

or

B) we can take the view that we should have already been in that trade anyway if we hadn't been scared off by the high SL. so as soon as we see any weakness after the formation of that new little high, go for an entry then at a much more favourable entry price and a minimal SL. This is higher risk because if price has turned around, then this apparent weakness we have tried to take advantage of may be short lived and then continue upwards again just like in your example. But if there has been minimal loss and a further opportunity arises then another entry could be considerd.

As it happened the signal broke up a bit during all the above pa and then reinstated itself offering another entry opportunity so I suppose the 3rd option is if the original signal wasn't used and we wait for the next one then this could have been it.

Apologies if this further clouds the issue, but trading these sorts of optional entries isn't that straightforward. I have to use them mainly because I only have limited time in the mornings for trading and I have to capitalise as efficiently as I can on each move. I'm quite sure that using only the signals that fit the criteria including SL exposure with no deviations or options will be profitable over a longer period than I trade. That is likely the safest profitable way to trade G1m.

Rooi, you once described the way I trade as "micro management". That's a fact, it's boring as hell and also quite intense sometimes which is why I can't spend too much time doing it.

Today, I sat on my hands watching EU bounce around the number, some signals but not tradeable for me and GU was bouncing around the DP and decided to leave it for a while.

All the best for now, strada.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Morning Rooi, If the trade had been entered as shown on your chart then it would have been stopped out unfortunately. Without seeing the actual price movement around that time it's difficult to say whether it could have been any different.

Using these "secondary" entries doesn't always work out as your example shows.

I agree,they have a pretty decent R:R as it's a very nice small SL.I found many many that worked and this was one of the few that I could see that failed but really a nice example

I'm probably going to confuse the whole issue of this type of entry when I explain exactly how and why I use them.

Using your example it is clear that a trade is in progress, entry would have been during the bar immediately after the signal bar. It was our choice not to enter as SL was too expensive. That is our choice but doesn't negate the validity of the trade.

So the thinking now is - if a situation presents itself to get involved in that trade with reasonable risk, then should it be considered?

Price then reverses a little way past the original signal close price and forms a little high before dropping away again. This little high offers a decent SL on the original entry price.

These types of trades have been a source of much frustration as like you say the trade is definitely in progress as there is some nice clear directional movement and momentum yet getting into the move is difficult with the SL issue but then we often want to find a way to get in as we need the volatility get to TP1

We can now consider 2 options.

A) if pa permits we can enter on the original entry price using the much more favourable SL.

or

B) we can take the view that we should have already been in that trade anyway if we hadn't been scared off by the high SL. so as soon as we see any weakness after the formation of that new little high, go for an entry then at a much more favourable entry price and a minimal SL. This is higher risk because if price has turned around, then this apparent weakness we have tried to take advantage of may be short lived and then continue upwards again just like in your example. But if there has been minimal loss and a further opportunity arises then another entry could be considerd.

I have looked into this in the past but was never sure. Atleast now I know your views and how you may go about it

As it happened the signal broke up a bit during all the above pa and then reinstated itself offering another entry opportunity so I suppose the 3rd option is if the original signal wasn't used and we wait for the next one then this could have been it.

This is the option I am currently using and it can be very frustrating as I watch a very nice decent move unfold.Now knowing that you might use any of the three and why clears things up in my head a bit thank you

Apologies if this further clouds the issue, but trading these sorts of optional entries isn't that straightforward. I have to use them mainly because I only have limited time in the mornings for trading and I have to capitalise as efficiently as I can on each move. I'm quite sure that using only the signals that fit the criteria including SL exposure with no deviations or options will be profitable over a longer period than I trade. That is likely the safest profitable way to trade G1m.

Rooi, you once described the way I trade as "micro management". That's a fact, it's boring as hell and also quite intense sometimes which is why I can't spend too much time doing it.

I understand where you are coming from and there is no substitution for years worth of experience and I thank you for sharing it here it really is invaluable

Today, I sat on my hands watching EU bounce around the number, some signals but not tradeable for me and GU was bouncing around the DP and decided to leave it for a while.

All the best for now, strada.

Same to you and thanks again

Rooi

--- 帖子 #665 ---
I have a scheduled power cut right on the FO so wont be trading

The saying goes = TIA - This Is Africa

Normally would trade trough it but font feel like trading off of one screen this morning and stuffing up a nice week

Good weekend to all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Morning Rooi, sorry to hear about your issues and not being able to trade. Almost makes me feel bad putting up my chart for this morning. So won't say any more about it, chart tells the story.

regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Nice trading Strada,nice and simple for an easy Friday

What does this clock count down to,the candle close ?

Good weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Yeah mon candle close.

I have a problem, since my mt4 platform updated to build 830 I cant seem to open more than 1 window of the mt4 (for my external monitor) so I'm stuck with just one window so I have to switch views between time frames. Even before the build 830 sometimes I can only get 1 window to open.

Is there a fix so I can open more than 1 window every time I want?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Hi IP

Not sure what you mean by window.You might be talking about an instance of mt4.Have a look at this video
Inserted Video

If this is not what you want to please clarify what you mean by windows

So in the screenshot I have 4 charts

ZAR USD on one screen and then dragged over to another screen but on the same instance of the IC markets mt4 window I have the EURUSD and next to that on the same screen as the EURUSD 5min I have the LiteForex instance of mt4.If you follow the video you can download as many instance from the same broker as you need and just insert the account numbers in and trades will be displayed on all of them.

Let me know if this is not what you were talking about.PM if you want

Rooi

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Hey Rooi,

Thanks for the reply, the video was quite helpful, now I know I can have 2 MT4 platform of the same Broker on 1 computer that means as many as I want.

What I used to do before was double click the short court on the desktop and then double click again and I'd have 2 windows come on then drag one to the external monitor and open 2 charts for the Higher Time frames and keep one mt4 on the laptop monitor for the M1 charts.

I wish Metaquotes (is that the company name) would design the mt4 platform so we could un-dock  individual charts and spread them around multiple monitors like the cTrader platform.

I'm grateful for your help, enjoy your weekend.

IP

--- 帖子 #671 ---
All good

This is what you want http://www.floatingcharts.com/

You must buy it though

Good weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Thanks Rooi, you are the man, I've been meaning to ask you all this while, until yesterday, I will do the 14 day trial first starting upper week cos this week promises to be busy. I will let you know how it works out.

IP

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Sorry to clutter this thread but I just found these
Inserted Video

and here on FF  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=344224

Hope it helps someone as well as myself.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Going thru the tread and the video I see that floating charts is the way to go. I think MT4 must be getting a cut of their income else why would the IBFX Tool not be working anymore?

Still I've downloaded the trial version and I want to see the performance in live trading conditions, will all the undocked charts of the same currency pair have the same quoted price, and will the quotes lag that of the same broker on a separate computer?

Will find out next week.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Hi

Perhaps you could try the attached if it fits your needs - provided by CJA in Platform Tech / Floating Charts MT4

Cheers

Attached File(s)   Undock chart.zip

115 KB
|
397 downloads

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Hi All

G1m All worked lovely today.

I know I should have stopped after trade1, I was however enjoying myself.

Total +45.7

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Nicely done anthm

about the same but took the loser before FO as well

Im still trying for some more will update when I am done

Rooi

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Thanks Rooi,

Look forward to your update

--- 帖子 #679 ---
so far

Will update numbers when I am done

Rooi

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Wowderful!!!!!!!

Thanks m8

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Morning, EU traded today.

Trade 2, I did just 1 TP due to entry around FO and some price volatility plus SL was a bit dubious. Would have worked fine with normal 2 TP's.

Excellent signal before LO with good yield, I was finished but always nice to watch.

Strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Nice trading Strada

-3.6

+9.5

-6.4

-4.8

+14.4

+11.3

=20.3

and as I am typing this my long is setting up so might be around a bit less so might not post everyday

Once again -Thanks to Strada for showing us this nice way of trading and solid results

All the best to all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Nice going gents,

My trading day was sadly interrupted with a minor developing emergency that saw me having to rush out, therefore didn't get much further than my initial small loss, -3.4 for the day it is.

Kind Regards

Anth

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Morning all

Running out of patience to finish 12.7 up with three entries.

fortunately missed the long 12 minutes after Euro open, price raced through my entry in a blink by about 4 pips, lucky to have missed it although would have had a chance to bail out for BE on the following bar. (I was happy that I didn't stupidly enter late having missed it)

Good Day to all

Anthm

EDIT: The signal 5 minutes prior LO with entry 1 minute prior is producing with a manageable SL, As you said Strada always nice to see the system producing

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Nice trading anthm

I had about the same as you but will try and post chart when done

Rooi

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Mate how did you go with that long signal after FO?

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Hi Gents

I Done for the day

2 Entries +23.5 on GU

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Awful Loss today of -33 before I walked, cant take another hit so closing off.

4 loss in a row, as bad as it should ever get I would think.

Stupid entry on my Trade4 clearly showing my frustration and then to miss the move on LO.

As bad as it should ever get.

Still fortunate up 45.5  for the week, account safe.

Enjoy the weekend

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Hi,

At least you had a positive week, well done. I glanced over GU this morning and thought it looked a mess.

What spread are you getting on GU? mine is nearly 2 pips (UK spreadbetter).

So each entry is 'delayed' by +1 pip for 'signal confirmation' then +2 for the spread , +? whatever, for delayed reaction as it's never a perfect entry. Totalling a delayed entry of around 3.5 to 4 pips per signal, on days like today combined with partial profit taking that's a killer  and they seem to happen all too often unfortuantly

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Hi Stricky, yes I agree that spreads can be costly for this M1 style of trading. For that very reason I personally have left behind the spread betting, dealing desk type brokers. I opt for a an ECN broker with spreads generally lower than 1 pip normally 0.5 to 0.8 of a pip. For this privilege I do however have to pay commissions which reduce relative to an increase in lot size. For me spread betting and dealing desk brokers are out, I find commissions far more economical, it will however depend on lot size.

There are other ways to mitigate the cost of the spreads some of which have been discussed on this forum over the past couple of weeks. They include a potential entry at better than signaled price, it quite often happens that whilst waiting for a cheaper Stop Loss to form an allowable entry may become available at a better than the original signaled entry price.

But yes I agree spreads and commissions are costly, any further ideas on it?

Kind Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #691 ---
that's a good spread for GU, good points

all the very best for next week Anthm

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Hi, only recently came across the original genesis thread and long after the 'end' so pleased to find this thread continuing the genesis system and hope I can contribute sometimes.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Hi everybody, my name is Raymond. I had been trading for about 4 years. Of course, I am like other traders, still losing money in forex market.

I know my problem - 1.) not following rules 2.) no putting stop loss because I enter a trade based on my own sense not based on trading rules ( I think I sure enter a right trade

although not my entry rules. 3.) Not trusting the entry rules which may due to I always enter the false signal ( I know trading not 100% winning) and miss out the right signal

due to previous loss, this made me very frustrated

I know this is most of the traders problems, may I know who can teach me how to solve all these problem because I want to become a true and successful trader.

During the 4 years trading, I repeat and repeat the mistake although I know what is my mistake.

This made me really become crazy already. But, I did not give up on trading I tell myself want to try and try again until I successful.

So, ist anybody here faced this problem or not? Really appreciated if you can guide me.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Hi Raymond

Your journey sounds similar to many other peoples but if you keep working hard at one system I am sure you can make it work

Why have you stopped posting in your journal http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...79#post8269979

The only way to become successful is to stick to a trading method and then analyze why certain trades work and other dont and look for patterns

If you post trade here or in your journal many people will give advice but if you don't post nobody can help with any mistakes

Most of the info you needed is here at FF you just need to practice and study yourself post all the trades you take and then analyze them yourself by writing post in your journal why you think they worked or why they didn't and ask other what they think

Hope you are able to post so that people here at FF can help

Good luck and I am sure you can make it if you work hard at it

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Raymond,

yes, as Rooi said already, this sounds very similar to a lot of such statements.

I would add, if you have rules and a plan, this is 50% at least.

Even it sounds simple to needless, write down your 'RULES' and the 'DON'T DO THIS' parts out of your experience to a sheet of paper and put it beside your screen. The most losses have some components of a new 'DON'T DO THIS'. The rest are turning markets or other events and you know, not each trade will be successful.

What you were telling, has nothing to do with trading, it is a psychologial problem.

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Hi Rooi, josch and tanglewood,

Thanks for the comment i will take note about it. Rooi, i did not post trade because after the trade i post that day, almost all my trade is fail afterward. so i did not post the fail trade. but from now i will post it everday if i have time, the reason i dun want to post trade here is because i scared all people thinking why i am so stupid why not going study babypips,.....actually i study babypips few time already but no use for me, haha. Babypips only teach the basic things of forex like what is trading plan, risk management, how to draw a trend, and so on.....

I have followed genesis for about one year and trade using genesis for one year, so i have a simple trading plan:

1.)Genesis matrix all in line

2.)Candle look goods (open under/above sma 5)

3.)M5 stoch must cross from 80/20 and "open mouth"

4.)M15 stoch must "open mouth" and in line with m5 stoch

( i trade with the general rules, there is so much signal buy and sell over the day, so to increase the chance of winning, i add a rule.)

5.)must see "123" pattern or "ABC" pattern or double bottom/top around P/S/R/sweet point before enter a trade (this one is added by myself) (hope this rule not the cause of my failing)

6.) Trading time is from Tokyo open to London close ( i am living in malaysia)

7.) Trade only one currency - EA

8.) Exit when next entry signal coming

9.) stop loss is previous swing high/low

today i take a buy trade at the green point on M5 chart but i did not put stop loss so i made a huge loss, i am not sad for losing the money but i am asking myself what is the actual problem i actually faced? i am thinking everyday but i never give up. i really hope got some mentor can guide me what i am going wrong.

ok, let look at the chart, one is M5 chart and the other one is H4 chart, i have few question below and appreciated if you guys can give some opinion what i am doing wrong, i am sure will take note and rectify my error.

1.) i enter the trade (show in green line in M5 chart) actually i feel like i am gambling, because i did not follow my rules, at that time i am entering i am thinking wow the price retrace from pivot even got a pin bar there, so i am in the trade.

2.) afterward a sell signal come out at yellow line M5 chart, the pattern is exactly "123" pattern with genesis confirmation, but i did not close out previous trade because i am thinking wow it just above pivot so i ignored it then the price go down like watering.

3.) i am thinking ist right to enter every signal out on that day? because i cannot filter out which one is correct or wrong, market can do whatever they like. of course there are still got some "pattern" can be recognised like the "123" pattern below i have see it many time over and over again, but i still scared to enter the trade, dun know why i am doing that, is not because i scared lose money.....i scared it going wrong and affect my confidence (why you guys can enter why i can't)?...may be/.....

4.) conclusion i am always enter the wrong signal trade and miss out the correct signal trade....

5.) what is the trailing stop level u guys alway put on EA, 25pips?

i know someone will say look the big trend like H4 and add Moving average to spot the trend, but look at H4 chart below yellow line, the price is above the trend line is still on uptrend but later it break the line.

the biggest problem is i am not confidence to enter a trade due to almost all my trade is fail.

Thanks. Hope you guys not angry with my long story and my poor English...

--- 帖子 #697 ---
I will post you a reply 2.5 hours from now

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Your English is very good and easy to understand and the EA is a good currency to trade with a good Average Daily Range, though since the move higher around June 3rd it has been consolidating in a range. But certainly trading just one or two currencies and getting to know them is a good idea. If you traded for a bank you would only trade one currency, being on the GBP/USD desk for example. One thing I did when I was learning to be consistent and get more winners than losers was to trade for very small amounts, that way I didn't fear too much to take a trade or a loss whilst learning the best set-ups to take. Like everyone I still have losers but try to keep them small. I take the view I can always get back in the trade again. Most of the very best traders I have come across have often taken several years to get as good as they are today, making big pips on a consistent basis. often 3 to 6 years. One of the best you might want to look at is Phx62 on the 'Trading Made Simple' thread. He rarely posts there these days but other traders have compiled his posts and examples in 5 pdf's which are in the paperclip on that thread, well worth taking a look at.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Hi Raymond

No problem with your English

I put the ZigZag to show the swings - add it too

So my opinion is you are trying to analyze too much with Stochastic and Multiple TF ASCTRend indicator

Look here :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No Stochs and my ASCTrend is set on the current time frame

Too many traders look at too many things when you should have lots of focus on what you see on chart with trend you see with our own eyes

Any sell that did today worked well

I will do some more examples for you in a couple of minutes

You seem to know ABCD patterns , do you know other price action patterns together with trend analysis and Supply and Demand trading - Nothing too difficult just basics

I will be back in 1 hour and will post more

BTW - The green line trade that you took wasn't too bad,there will always be losers but you must always think about what comes next

Let me know what you think

Rooi

PS - SL - trailing is the best when its done manually behind the most recent low

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Please post a chart a ask questions for us to answer when you have time

--- 帖子 #701 ---
ok no problem, i will post the chart once i have a trade.

for price action, u means "pin bar" ? i know the basic pattern which can find on google.

You are right, some trade is losers. after lose, let move on to other signal. i get it. thanks.

from the chart i know there is HH, LL pattern. but what are your entry rules? u did not look at stoch for entry?

--- 帖子 #702 ---
You are using zigzag to enter a trade or just for analysis? ist the default setting for the zigzag? thanks.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
That good so you know HH and LL patterns

Remember I am showing you here a simpler way to trade the 5min in my opinion -( I trade 1 min - all my rules HERE )

For 5min trading my rules would be like this

I would trade like this :

EA and EU and GA and GU ( To check for correlation between pairs to see if there is very strong trends )

I would check what the current trends is in my opinion and to do that I would :

- Check LL or HH etc

- Are we in impulse move or are we in a retracement of the impulse and when would I consider a reversal to be taking place for example if a new impulse move forms that make a new HH or LL

-How can I join the current trend

- What is the daily range and how far away are we from it

When I have checked these things I will wait for a signal

Please look here for example
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can make drawing like this of every pattern that you can see or have seen so you are never think about what I should be dong but you can check your notes and know what should be next and then work on improving the patterns.All pairs are different and the fundamentals change

You need to be able to write a little report about every trade you take good and bad and review it to see what works and what doesn't work

Let me know what your opinion is

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Default and just to see the swings - to know where to put the LL or HH

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Dear Rooi,

My genesis indicator doesn't work. TVI and T3 never change. What's the problem?

Also I need to add the other indicator, but i'll find it.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Hi Daan

You need to download the it again from here :  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796

and reinstall it again from those folders - is the only way

Rooi

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Dear,

I did add them again, but still the same problem. The long move will be seen by indicator, but the short moves are not possible.

Thanks for helping

Edit:

Problem solved. Also I found the Gann Hilo indicator. Is it usefull?

Regards,

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Daan the Gann hilo indicator is the fourth (bottom) line of your genesis matrix so you already have it showing on your charts.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Hi Raymond

Like I said I dont trade the 5min or EA but there seems to have been 3 winners so far since the new day started - Hope you caught some of it

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Glad it sorted

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Hi, unfortunately I did not catch any of them I just watching the price today after yesterday loss, Now still very confusing about my entry point I dun know where to follow, because Ur entry rule also quite diffrent ....

--- 帖子 #712 ---
I see

So why not try demo or back testing

The last 2 days look pretty good but I am sure there are more difficult days

Up to you really if you want to try it  - Let me know if you have any questions

Rooi

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hi Strada

Was wondering if these are about the spreads that you get for oil or are yours slightly less or more

Trust the trading is going well

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Raymond,

looking at your chart/trade above I'm missing your cover. You mentioned setting no SL, but one of the GMS rules are, exit the trade, if candle close below/above (if bought/sold) yellow MA. Beside this you were able (you should) cover at break of Pivot. What I recommend below the line, if you're in doubt of your decisions entering a trade, make a FIXED rule of closing. You'll get more, but small losses and avoid large ones.

josch

--- 帖子 #715 ---
small profit +20pips hehe....

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Nicely done

Now think about taking half profit and trailing a SL

Why did you not write a little report about why you took the trade and post in your journal so you can look for patterns and learn from your all the trades you take

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #717 ---
ok，will do...

when do u guys start to put trailing SL?

--- 帖子 #718 ---
hi All,

as I see Genesis still alive and profit system

but do you use diff templates? where can I download the latest indicators?

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Hi, You can go to the original thread to download all the required indicator nothing change ...Thanks.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Hi Raymond

2 more winners this morning so far - like I said I dont trade 5min or EA or at that time of the day but looks good

I posted previously about trailing SL and splitting positions in 2 or 3 parts , so please review it and give some suggestion to what you think can be correct and we can discuss it

Rooi

--- 帖子 #721 ---
question - in original post http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796

when I see screen arrows don't match to ASCTrend-Matrix 2TF and I got SL? what is better in your experience, arrows or  ASCTrend-Matrix 2TF ?

--- 帖子 #722 ---
where can I find  ASCTrend-Matrix 2TF.mq4 (source file, not ex4)?

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Hi, My view is u need go study again the aarrow part realjumper said before it just a extra confirmation for the trade. I did not pay so much attention to it if after entering trade no arrow come out then we need more concern on that trade. I more look at price action and stochastic, still finding way to fix my entry rule.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Here  Attached File(s)   ASCTrend1 v1.6001 - B600+ all matrix.zip

21 KB
|
479 downloads

S W.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Morning, end of week and the month for trading. Just one trade today and again trade assisted by proximity of the number above.

Didn't enter immediately after signal, mainly due to insufficient price improvement on signal close price but also German news and FO very close.

Good week and month to you all, cheers, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Thanks Strada and to you also a good weekend. Nice trading as usual, nice way to finish the month with the BRN acting like a price magnet. Love it.

I could only squeeze two trading days in this week, a BE and an over 30 so all good.

thanks again for posting your charts they are definitely my favorites.

Kind Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #727 ---
can you give to me your templates

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Hi daanreijn.

You can share this indicator bolinger bands that have on the graph.

Thanks in advance.

Best Regards.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
yes but I was after why arrows don't match to ASCTrend-Matrix 2TF, for me 2TF does more sense

--- 帖子 #730 ---
I believe you meant the Renko Street Channel, here is a template and indicators, the reason daanreijn'S TVI & T3 are all the same color is because he is missing the indicators that go with the matrix I added them to the folder.

SW.  Attached File(s)   Barcelona.rar

31 KB
|
394 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

RS

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Hi guys. So I have been studying Genesis (inc old thread) for a couple of months. I have trawled through the original thread and can't seem to find that much about higher time frame trading with Genesis - specifically the Stochs. I mostly do H1, a bit of H4 and D. Anyone trade these time frames with genesis, with success? If so whats ur take on the dual stochs. Cheers guys

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Check out this user's postings. He successfully traded Genesis at 4H time frame.
http://www.forexfactory.com/olivierforex

Please note many people (including RJ, who doesn't use Genesis anymore) believe Genesis is optimized for 5M time frame.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Is these high low dot repaint ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #735 ---
So what is RJ using nowadays?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #736 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...56#post7757856

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Yes it repaints along with the bands.

SW.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Hi guys, at the risk of being booed and hissed at and told to go and read the 1000+ pages of the old thread again- do you guys still use RJ's opening/exiting rules from post 1 of the original Genesis thread? I'm especially interested in the preferred colours of the matrix. In general do peeps here wait for all 6 (inc 2TF) to line up - enter - then exit as soon as 1 colour changes? It seems very conservatives and in my back tests this way does tend to force you to trade large moves in seperate bits which isn't ideal for pips. But I guess you are less likely to get faked out. Or do you just go for S&R lines/pivots/round numbers and only bale if the PA looks on the turn. I know its largely preference but perhaps the more experienced know what is better.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Gold

--- 帖子 #740 ---
I don't use Genesis independently but instead use it as a part of my whole system (higher TF based) to reduce draw down. Genesis still works and works very well.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Nice trading Heispark

I'm using a slightly modified genesis system as well, it seems to be working ok.

I'll try and post more when i can.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Why these people does not use Genesis anymore if it works?

ThANks

--- 帖子 #743 ---
i think that was due to low volatility of the market.... (we had low volatility in 2014)

--- 帖子 #744 ---
RJ isn't trading  genesis anymore? Holy crap.

Did he said why?

--- 帖子 #745 ---
See my previous posting below in this page....

Once you learned trading using support/resistence, trend following systems are similar anyway. Only personal taste matters.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
He mentioned, he is using a modified strategy with an edge 'a bit more' than GMS on TF M1.

So this does not at all mean, GMS is sent to trash basket. Still using parts of this here.

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #747 ---
A System by any other Name
By ShadowWorks IMO!

The Genesis Template is clear and Simple But as a system it's lacking clarity, what I mean is if you can trade Genesis successfully & consistently it's because you now how to trade it's not the template just like most systems on Forex Factory.

There should be a system thread and a system development thread available to traders, the System thread would allow more control to someone who starts a thread, the ability to remove irrelevant post and not allow indicators that do not belong also the ability to advance the system with clarity no system is perfect markets change.

The system development thread would be the place for input from all traders(what is now system thread)and share different techniques and indicators get the rules clear then move the system to the System Thread.

To many this will just sound complicated to others they now what I am saying.

SW,

I have 4 of the best matrix on this trade, I only needed a few lines to do the same trade.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here it can be managed with some lines.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #748 ---
SW,

you're right with 'a few lines' and especially with your 2nd chapter.

A lot you're able to read out of support/resistance - supply/demand.

Mostly indicators, if not cluttering the chart, 'only' help to make a picture

more clear. You have some other tools at bottom of charts, which help

nicely to stay in trade?

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Hello Fellow,

This's my first trade

--- 帖子 #750 ---
quick scap before the news release

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Another trade

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Here is a M1 trade from L/O on Friday.

- Traded away from daily open line

- M1 Matrix

- Stochs had just been above 35% and now dropping.

- 10 pip SL & 10 pip TP. = 2% of account balance.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
quick scap with GU

--- 帖子 #754 ---
One trade only for today. GJ M1 just after L/O.

I am not totally happy with how the Stochs are rising, should have been smooth and therefore a risky entry.

M1 Matrix, Traded away from the daily open line. 10pip TP = 2% of account balance.

Done for the day.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Again, One trade only, M1 on GJ. Winning 2% of my account balance.

Good Points: M1 Matrix had closed, Stochs rising (could have been smoother), M1 Super Trend, London Open, Traded away from D/O.

The Bad: PA was very close to daily open line. Traded against the M15 Stoch and supertrend. I have just added these to my chart so still evaluating the importance.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Trades for this morning

+18 (without commissions ; +14.5 with commissions deducted  )

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Nice one Rooi.

London open, now I wait for my 10 pips :-)

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Thats me for the day now.Traded EU but GU seemed to have more pips this morning

+32.4 before costs and +26.9 after costs

@ExcessFX -> Thanks and good luck and nice trading

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Ok, Just got 10 pips. My days work is done :-)

Almost a perfect setup. +2% on the account balance.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #760 ---
2 trades in Asia Sesion

--- 帖子 #761 ---
One more trade before FO

--- 帖子 #762 ---
+12.2 after costs and done for the day as I need to go out and have a couple of pips in the bag so that wil do

GL to all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #763 ---
You can't win them all. -10 pips

This was too close to daily open.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Friday and done for the week

Out at the double bottom forming at that time

+11.1 after costs

Rooi

--- 帖子 #765 ---
First (and last) trade for the day nearly 2 hours into LO.

+2% on the account.

Have a good week everyone.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Can't understand why people have pretty much given up on this system when it obviously works.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Why do you think, people have given up?

--- 帖子 #768 ---
To use this system successfully it's important to choose the most suitable market for it IMHO. Currency strength meter may help as well when trading FX markets in choosing what to trade (buying the strongest currency or selling the weakest).

It's good spending some time studying charts and seeing what could be the best market to trade (it's relatively simple – just look for the system's signals success rate). When doing this, it's worth keeping in mind that signals always look better (clearer) with the benefit of hindsight.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
A nice short days work (5 minutes). +2% on the account with 10 pips.

This is a perfect setup.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #770 ---
If you are speaking about indicators' alignment - it is really perfect!. Glad you made "+2% on the account with 10 pips."
,...But, I am observing same condition on your chart about hour ago... Do you mind to explain the reason behind for taking or not taking the trade, please?
Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
t

Hard to say. Some time ago I googled something like "best trading system". I remember one of the web pages that came up compared Genesis, Synergy Pro and two other trading programs whose names I forget. All four programs gave signals at the same place near enough, mostly the same candle. So Genesis is equally as good as some other programs regarding buy/sell signals. Of course they don't always work out, sometimes they reverse on you. And managing the trade after taking the trade signal is a subject all on it's own. Trading is hard and maybe some folks don't do as well at trading as they hoped and either give up or think the grass is greener elsewhere and move on to another system hoping for better results. Maybe it says more about people than the Genesis system.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Here are my trade rules. These are non negotiable (for me).

- London must have opened. No trading before. Only trade up to 3 hours after.

- M1 Matrix must have closed with a full signal.

- Only take trades away from the daily open line.

- M1 stock must have been over the +30 or -30 and heading through the centre with a nice smooth line. I use Stochistogram for this.

- ADX must give a clear signal.

- I only trade GJ on M1.

- Once you get your 2% stop for the day. The more trades you take, the higher the risk of loosing, especially as this is further from LO.

- If you lose two trades in a row, stop for the day.

Once these condition are met, enter with 10pip SL & 10pip TP. 10 pips = 2% of account.

Other helpful indies which i sometimes disobey:

- M1 + M15 Super Trend tape, try to trade with these.

- M15 stoch. Try not to trade against it.

- Absolute strength. We want to see this diverging.

This is a mash-up of Udines 00 level thread and the Genesis system.

All the best.

ExcessFX.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
I agree with most of this, but i think trading requires total control of your emotions. Fear, greed, temptation, anger etc.

If you lose control of any of these, then it can cost you.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Looks like you have got perfection. Taking into consideration your attitude to a self-control - it is absolute System.

My respect and thank you!

I certainly got inspired.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
No problem

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Two trades to SL. Oh well, it's all part of the fun.

Red new on GBP has not helped.

ExcessFX

--- 帖子 #777 ---
One of the system users was posting about how genesis may predict the right direction just before the report, but I think he's wrong there. To predict that is impossible.

Just avoid trading during red reports - unless you're a gambling type

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Hi,

can you pls share bottom 3 matrix and settings if any.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
the old genesis matrix is not working is there an updated 1

--- 帖子 #780 ---
What 'old matrix' doesn't work?

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Are U sure? My GMTS tape still works at v920....

The best practice I think is keep only compiled ex4 files under indicator folder and remove mq4 files so that they are not to be recompiled in later MT4 builds...

--- 帖子 #782 ---
o got it from the old thread Genesis matrix thread maybe I chose an old one or something when ever I old them on my charts only 3 of the dots change colour the forth stays the same all the way through

--- 帖子 #783 ---
You should download all data of pair(s)-prices.

If there is one color unchanged, as far as I remember, it's not stored enough data.

As heispark stated, the GMS still is working.

Attached please find a tool to force history download.

Good luck.

josch

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Thankyou I will give it another try how r u guys getting on with this method

--- 帖子 #785 ---
GMS is a successful strategy,

I'm using only parts in my trading though.

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Yes, predicting reports and market behaviour ist impossible.

Sometimes GMS points to the right direction nonetheless.

Why - maybe because there are some leaks which lead to start of movement early.

josch

--- 帖子 #787 ---
hey sorry can somebody post the matrix indicator and what is the force history download

--- 帖子 #788 ---
GMS - here you go.

History - here you go.

Force History Download - here you go.

josch

--- 帖子 #789 ---
still having problems

--- 帖子 #790 ---
GBPJPY

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Eur/Aud i didn't klnow where to put TP becuse of slow market, i guessed and bingo +50. Nice system
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Divergence Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Missed this today.Still learning but this system is great

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Gold

Closed at BE

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Moving back onto the lower timeframes as I usually do before Christmas, been playing around with Genesis again not using the stochs as I am more concerned now with pivots and the m15 beginning to show signs of moving the same way, been doing a lot of backtesting on it over the time and it appears to work just as well. I have the 60 simple ma on the chart along with the 5ema with a shift of 2 set to typical hlc/3. Rules I have set myself, the 5ema must be either under/over or crossing the 60sma when the signal happens along with closing above the 5ema, but not too far from it, if its too far I will wait for a pullback. Not too close to support/resistance either to be able to move to BE.

Exits: I will take it out if it closes above/below the 5ema but only if that means I am in profit if not, I will leave it to breathe moving my stop loss 10 pips below/above the last swing high/low to reduce risk.

I usually set the tp at the next weekly S/R but if it is moving really well I will move the tp. GJ and EJ this morning moved brilliantly +100 on each, I also had +18 on a GA sell when it closed back above the ma and I am currently in GA and Gcad buys.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Took 19 on GA and 30 on Gcad so thats a total of +267 pips today. I don't worry if they then move without me, there are always 1 or 2 that will move nicely and thats where we gain the pips there is always another signal

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Nothing more to say.Impressive .Also I adjusted my template according to your style. Now I see more clearly .Thank you and Happy holidays

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Happy holidays to you too

--- 帖子 #798 ---
One thing I forgot to mention, as always I look for a higher  low if I am to put a buy in, or a lower high before a sell.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
As usual....

Merry Christmas, LW!

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Merry Christmas to you too Heispark

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Gold +80 on micro account

--- 帖子 #802 ---
+100 taken on GA just under the daily open line, it had a good move after all today.

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Hey lastingwell! Long time no see

I was wondering if I was the only one left still using genesis, of some part of it! Glad to see I'm not! Quick question, is there any reason why you didn't let your GA trade ride along the downtrend? I'm guessing you had a hard TP at 100?

Wish you some happy holidays my friend!

Malouin

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Thanks Malouin  I must admit I don't use Genesis that often anymore but if I am on m5 like now when the volatility will start to dwindle over the holiday period, I use genesis because its my favourite system for the timeframe.

I usually set a hard tp of 100 pips, sometimes it will go further but I've found if I hang on then will be the time it comes back on me, anyway I think with the amount of trades in a day on m5 100 is a good amount of pips

Happy holidays to you too

--- 帖子 #805 ---
lastingwell,

great trades especially in this time 'holidays around the corner'.

Confirming, that this strategy still is a good one.

Good luck & happy holidays

josch

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached File(s)   My Genesis.rar

269 KB
|
602 downloads

--- 帖子 #807 ---
I know the forum is called "Forexfactory", however has anyone tried this on intraday equities/CFDs? I'm backanalyzing it on US30 and some Nasdaq stocks (base timeframe M5), just wondering if some tweaking is necessary compared to Forex pairs, would be nice to have some feedbacks.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Is these arrows repaint ? Thanks

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Recent posts & genesis interpretations are different from what RJ originally showed. People tend to change original systems by adding new indicators, changing rules etc. - that's one of the reasons RJ closed the original thread.

Just wanted to mentioned it for the members who are new to this system. Also be aware of hindsight examples some members want to show off how good they're at trading. It's beyond me why should they do it, but anyway...If you are in doubt, ask them to do some live calls.

PS No offence intended

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Strange that you should post "recent" posts when some people were adding lots of indicators in August which is hardly recent and was by the way the last time you posted in it until today, but never mind, its your thread shame you're letting it die.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
I don't mind (won't interfere with other members' posts) – just informing members new to genesis about it. I can't keep the thread alive on my own if other members don't post.

Wishing you Merry Christmas

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Arrows are repainting ,but thats the idea

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Hi Kumetto,

You enter a trade when all matrix are in harmony ?

Which TFs do you enter a trade ?

Is there is any chance that we can reduce indicators to confirm entry point ?

Sai Ram

--- 帖子 #814 ---
This is setup for 30 min.I didn't trade this yet.I will after New year

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Does anyone still trade with the genesis system?? I have been trying it for the last few days and I really am impressed by it as the stochastic is by far my favourite indicator. Anyone?

--- 帖子 #816 ---
lisat,

for sure there a traders using the GMS.

It was and is a profitable strategy.

Stochastics together with the other tools make the result.

good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Thank you Josch nice to know some are still using it and good luck to you too!

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Hello there,

Genesis, and everything RJ, Olivia, Cody, Wizard etc... contributed to the original thread is still my main way of trading. I'm basing my decision on S/R, currency pair with the time of the day and agreement of the Genesis system. It's really a shame that the original thread, and this one, don't have any activities anymore. It was more than a trading system, it was a trading style, a way of trading and living without stress. You can win 30-40% of the time and still make a profit, as long as your R/R is good.

Malouin

--- 帖子 #819 ---
I am trading it on the 15min chart which I find,  along with the 15 and 30min stochastics is excellent for entries. The only thing I am struggling with at the moment is the exits (usual problem).  Do I follow behind the PA or take a fixed take profit.  The jury is still out on it at the moment.  Any suggestions?

--- 帖子 #820 ---
I have decided to use the trailing by the last candle in the direction of the trade. I have found that works best at the moment. Sometimes it will take me out earlier and other times it goes on forever so swings and roundabouts. If I am not in profit then I am exiting before the stop loss if price closes underneath/above the 5ema if there is a colour change on the matrix as well otherwise I will leave it until it hits the stop loss. This is going extremely well so far although a week is not a big enough sample to tell long term.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Unfortunately - agree.

RJ closed the original thread because of 'muppets'-posting,

I can't complain about, he prevented tattering the thread.

josch

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Check targets like levels of pivots, S+R & daily open.

Often price hesitates before continuing or reversing at these levels.

I'd admit, this is more usable with M5 timeframe, but you may have a look.

Your other mentioned points like change of color and MAs are ok too.

josch

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I do base my decision on S/R and a simple rule of thumbs. If my TP is 20 and my SL is 10, when I'm +10 I move my SL to the break even point and monitor the pair. If I have momentum I can push back my take profit.

Malouin

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Is there EA available for this trading system? thanks for your information.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
No.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
After thinking I would trade the genesis system during quiet times perfect for scalping and on the m15 chart after trying it for several weeks now I find much to my surprise that the m5 time frame suits me and I will be trading it much more often.

I have stuck with realjumpers original system. I have though added the 60sma to the chart after reading this in post number 1 of realjumpers thread

I tried the 60sma which is one that martyfish used and found it helpful so I have kept it on there. Other than that I have the daily candle indicator on there to remind me which way the day has been trading so far - it allows me to stay more with the trend of the moment and weekly pivots not daily which I use for take profit targets.

Just one example from a little while ago is below. I will be away most of next week but will try to post regularly to this thread. There was also a signal on EURJPY at the same time which I did not take but would have worked equally well.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Looks cool! Please post more trades here for study.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #828 ---
lisat,

excellent trade, following the FED announcements though.

And, agree, daily candle is the most simple way to look where day is going, using it myself too.

Also helpful is the DOL (daily open line), often price bounces or hesitates at this level.

Last 2-3 weeks there were few opportunities only, holiday mode was strongly shrinking ADR/ATR.

But I think, next week traders are back to work to put some money on table and spend some volatility.

josch

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Thank you for all your comments, I was taking a break this week but back today.  I waited for 15 minutes after nfp today and got another 50 pips on gbpjpy.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Back in the saddle after some time off. I am posting this here because although I am using Davits pivots and ideas about them I am using the m5 genesis to enter and out of respect I thought it best to post here although if you want to learn about the pivots you can go to his thread here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=588764

One trade tonight on EurAud price was bouncing along S61% then it closed above the daily open and the 60sma with a nice angle on both stochastics I was hopeful that it would finally break back up through S38% and luckily it did. +50 pips.

I stayed in when it retraced from s38% the first time because the m15 stochastic was still high and had read realjumpers comments about the stochastic remaining above 80 meant the trend was still quite strong and moved to breakeven when it closed above S38 again.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Been testing this system for awhile now and I'm surprised this thread isn't more active.  I've found that this system is profitable and most of losers came from trading during the US session.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
I'd hate to think that all the hard work that went into the Genesis Matrix Trading System went to waste. I mean no disrespect to Real Jumper or the other contributors to the creation of the original. I followed its development from its evolvement during the evolution if Evaluator's Symphonie strategy and I am forever grateful from all the veteran traders in both threads for selflessly sharing of their skills.

I'd like to share my version of Genesis. GMTS Winner (I had to name it something). Anyway, mostly what I did is make it easier, for me anyway, to see high-probability entries faster and judge my exits with better consistency. I modified the Sochastic (10,3,3---levels 70, 50, and 30, only the %K line). There are actually 2 Stochs in sub-window 1, both the same setting, but with different levels so I could get different color level lines. I interpolated the Winner indicator into the Stoch sub-window with default values, but excluded the shaded area under the red and blue steps so I could see the Stoch better. Under the Stochastic, sub-window 2, is the Genesis Matrix 2.22.(default settings) It is there for the alerts. I use the GMTS tape for Genesis visuals, but I couldn't get the tape alerts to function. I don't need to see both so I hide the matrix for more chart space. Last in subwindow 4 is the ASCTrend-Matrix 2 TF with current TF and next TF setting. On the main chart I am using DT Heiken Ashi candles (Why DTHA? Just happened that way. Regular HA are fine.), ASCtrend1i (not MTF) arrows along with ASCTrend1i Alerts. (Probably overkill on the alerts but there is no harm since the signals are the same. The matrix has its own alert but the arrows don't.) 5 EMA (shift 2, Exponential, Typical Price (HLC/3), Tick-Value in the left upper corner, Pip Counter in the upper right, and I have a TP / SL EA active on the chart. I use Sweet Spots instead of Daily Pivots for reference, Profit Targets, and entry/ exit decisions.

I use the Stochastic and Winner indicators in addition to the GMTS Tape and ASCTren 2 TF Matrix to determine my entries. Both indicators MUST agree, that means BOTH TFs on ASCTren Matrix 2TF. In addition I would like to see Soch moving through the 50 line from above or below and Winner signaling the same. I exit on one of the following criteria, weak candles, closing below the 5 EMA, Stochastic turns and hits the 70 or 30 line, Winner signals weakness or change, price stalls at S /R or a Sweet Spot. Here, I would like to give some advice. If you are new to trading, it would be well worth your while to lstudy the candles that often signal the weakening of any directional movement. It is said that the 1st and last bars of a trend are the most expensive. That last bar could erase any gains. Smaller bodies, shorter wicks, no wicks, wicks on both ends, all point to a weakening trend. Nobody ever got poorer taking profit. Stay too long and you may be contributing to someone else's account instead of your own.

Everything you need to know about Genesis trading is here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796 That thread is locked because some people couldn't follow the rules there, but you can still read it, have access to a wealth of trading information, and download a myriad of trading tools. I would like to leave you with one last thought expressed by kirkleaforex on his Simple Correlation Indicator System thread (where I got the Winner indicator, thank you very much). It expresses my thoughts about system jumping and doing due diligence much better than I could have. Post 445 at http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...593595&page=23

Wish you all the best in your trading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   GMTS Winner.tpl

580 KB
|
358 downloads
Attached File(s)   DT_HeikinAshi Candle.ex4

5 KB
|
360 downloads
Attached File(s)   Winner.ex4

15 KB
|
371 downloads
Attached File(s)   SweetSpots.ex4

4 KB
|
324 downloads
Attached File(s)   Tick-Value.ex4

2 KB
|
331 downloads
Attached File(s)   Pip Counter.ex4

28 KB
|
320 downloads
Attached File(s)   Auto SL and TS.ex4

9 KB
|
347 downloads

--- 帖子 #833 ---
For for new users of GMTS. (and possibly helpful reminders for GMTS vets too ? )

ENTRIES:

*Remember the letters HPT. High Probability Trades. Be very picky about which trades you enter. HPT entry considerations include:
*ALL signals point to a HPT entry.
*BOTH Genesis and ASCTrent Matrix 2TF are in agreement, AND it is the beginning of the move. (More on that later)
*The Stochastic is going, or has gone through, the 50 line from above or below.
*WINNER is signaling the same direction as the Stochastic starting from below (LONG), from above (SHORT). If you're using MYF Stochastic instead, make sure it is indicating same direction. If you don't have confidence in those 2 indicators take the time to go to the higher TF and check.
*Initially, there is enough room from your entry to the next Sweet Spot to achieve at least 3 pips, otherwise it's not worth the bother. (IMO Sweet Spots tend to be more accurate than Pivots and Fibs.)
*HA Candle is initially closing above or below the 5 ema and, of course, the color of the candle agrees with direction,
The Signal HA candle is healthy. THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT, here is one link (I'm sure there are many) that illustrates and explains different HA scenarios. http://traderhq.com/how-to-trade-wit...-candlesticks/ Worth a look. It doesn't push an agenda, no webinars or courses,or sell anything.
*Enter AT THE Open of the SECOND CANDLE after signal candle closes that meets ALL criteria. The Probability of success decreases after that. It's important to enter as early as posible. It's unrealistic to expect to know the signal candle beforee it forms. You MIGHT still be OK after the 3rd bar Close, but I don't have good feelings for those entries. Some moves are only 3 or 4 bars with the 3rd or 4th bar being a complete retracement of the whole thing. But if it's the 4th bar or later after the initial signal, definitely wait for a another signal. Blind luck and HPT are not the same. If you watch Price Action during the formation of a candle, in any TF, you will see it go through different phases of levels of energy when volume is healthy. The beginning is iffy, then a buildup, next a letdown, then a resurgence, and a final closing. It's not always exactly the same, but it,s pretty close. Traders enter, traders waver, traders jump in, traders exit. Hey, it's really just an auction, and that's what happens.
*Trade when volume is probably going to be highest. If you're not sure about the times of trading sessions converted to your local time zone, it's time you looked for a conversion table and wrote it down somewhere. Imagine (or maybe you don't need to "imagine") that the only way to feed your family is to catch fish off the local bridge (Your Broker) overlooking a river (The Market). There is a small but affordable fee to fish off the bridge (Commissions and spread). You only have one pole and some bait that you dug up in a vacant lot (That's your trading account). It's just past noon. The sun high in a clear sky and hot. It's quiet. You are alone. You fish here the same time every day because there are less people. It means less competition for fish. That makes sense. Right? The river's banks are wide apart, but there's not much water flowing right now (Low Volume). It's always like this when you come here. You cast a line anyway. Maybe there's a few really hungry, and lost, fish down there someplace (Retail Spot Traders). You're bait keeps disappearing (Money in your account), but you don't actually catch any fish. In fact, You run out of bait (Money) again and give up, again. Maybe by tomorrow you'll find some loose change laying around and buy more bait and come back. Can't be this bad everyday. Right? Later that evening you see your neighbor getting out of his truck with a bunch of fish on a stringer. He says the river is running and fish are bumping into each other. Begging to get caught. Says you don't even need bait. (Volume is high, High Probability of catching fish, Strong Trend). You run over to the bridge all excited. Feast tonight!! But, when you get there there's a few guys fishing, but mostly drinking warm beers and chewing the fat. Run is over they say. When might the next one be you ask. Hard to tell says one old-timer. There's a higher probability in in the early morning and and at dusk in Spring and Autumn. Never happens in Winter, and maybe once or twice in the middle of Summer. Summer is just blind luck if you catch it. Just have to be here when it happens. Would you change your fishing habits? The market high volume times may be inconvenient for some of us, but we have to ask ourselves, "How hungry am I?"
*LOOK TO THE LEFT to see where price has been and how it reacted in different places. Where is it coming from? Is it near the top or bottom of a range? Has it stalled in the same place numerous times? Is it bouncing off a particular location?....etc,etc. Most of us know the drill. But sometimes we ignore that part because, well, we just couldn't be bothered. Tons of traffic fatalities happen for the same reason.
*MAKE YOUR DECISION TO ENTER A POSITION A SERIOUS DECISION. Every time you enter into the market you need to feel that you gave yourself the best possible chance of a favorable outcome. If you want this to work you need to be very strict about following your trading rules. If you don't, and I don't care what your strategy is, you will fail, over and over again, until you decide where Rock Bottom is, that place where you've finally had enough. And here's a Spoiler Alert!! Apparently, Rock Bottom has a basement.

I know this seems like a lot to do in a short amount of time, but with practice and making mistakes you will start to "see" most of these things intuitively, the same way professional athletes make their actions seem effortless. They didn't get that way without thousands of hours of repetitious practice, a healthy dose of embarrassing mistakes, and the milestone success moments where they truly realized what it is they lacked or didn't understand. Maybe you know traders here on FF who seem to consistently be on the right side of trades. How do they do that? I want to do that. Why can't I do that? What is the secret? The answer is, Can I have a drum-roll please?.....................PRACTICE, PRACTICE, PRACTICE, and more PRACTICE. That's it. And lot's of it. But very few people have the will to do what needs to be done. "It takes a little more to make a Champion." Truer words were never spoken. If it was easy everybody would be doing it.

OK, I hope I covered most of GMTS entries and making decisions to enter from my POV. I probably left something out. But I tried to cover the most important. Some of it was specific to GMTS, some of it was just general trading stuff. Hope I didn't boor you too much.

Sometime, later, I'll' post my thoughts on GMTS exits.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
EXITS: (These are just my thoughts and opinions based on what I believe to be true from my own experiences. One of the exasperating things about learning trading skills is that there is no one correct way of doing things. It is up to us make our own decisions based on what is most beneficial for ourselves. In every discipline, that I am aware of, that requires the perfection of a set of skills or techniques to perform that discipline on a consistently competent level, there is a phase in which the student must take the basic skills they have mastered and make the discipline their own. If you see value, use it. If you don't see value, discard it and move on.)

So. We see that Genesis and both of TFs in ASCTrend-2TF are in agreement. We see the stochastic crossing the 50 line from above or below. Winner is giving us confirmation. Price has closed above the 5ema. The HA candle is healthy and the appropriate color. We look to the left and see we are not at significant Support or Resistance, in a ranging market, or a period of congestion. No big news event to speak of. We enter At Market on the Open of the 2nd candle. "WHEW!!" We're in. Now what?

This is where things get a tad murky. Up until now all our actions have been fairly mechanical. Our judgement was pretty much dictated by a set of rules pointing us to a potential High Probability Trade. Exit Plans will vary wildly due to personalities, account sizes, time-in-trade, expectations, fear, greed, anxiety caused by fear and greed, a partner's income expectations, level of patience and/or stubbornness, personal problems, the list is encyclopedic.

For what it's worth,I'll tell you the general process I go through after I enter. Following the fore-mentioned criteria for entries and the following considerations for exits gets me winning weeks. Sometimes I have a losing day, but it's been a while since I've had a losing week.

1) Using the Auto EA that's attached to my charts from my MT4 Experts folder, with my At Market entry goes an automatic 6 pip TP and a 20 pip SL. 70% probability that TP gets hit. If it doesn't I look for the following:

2) Now I watch the candle and the stochastic. If the stochastic moves above the 30 line from the below (on a Long), or the stochastic moves below the 70 line

(on a Short), AND the Winner indicator has changed color and direction, I will exit.

3) If Genesis Matrix and/or the ASCTren Matrix-2TF are no longer in agreement, change color or the GMTS Tape goes gray, I will exit.

4)If Price stalls , or bumps off of a Sweet Spot before it hits my TP, I will usually wait for the candle to close to see if the candle is healthy. If the body is small or non-existant, with wicks on both sides, small wicks,, or no wicks, I'll err on the side of caution and exit. I can always re-enter later if I want.

5) If Price just refuses to leave a particular area after 5 candles (congestion), I'll probably exit.

6) Candle closes above the 5ema and changes color with the ema now signaling strength in a different direction.

7) Just because that SL is at 20 pips doen't mean I have to sit here and wait for it to get hit. If it's obvious I have erred on my entry, take the loss, exit. The SL is there mainly for sudden spikes that may occur from time to time for no apparent reason other than The Market loves surprises.

The short version is, Let Genesis get you in, Let Price get you out. 9 times out of ten, the stochastic will tell you when to exit.

I know many traders swear by the risk to reward ratio being 1:1, or 2:1 or whatever. For me the SL is there in case of an emergency. Usually signs point to an exit way before that gets hit. Yeah, once in a while I get caught napping. But that's why it's there. Also, that Auto TP/ SL EA. You can turn it off during a trade and edit both TP and SL if you feel the need. For more on this subject, you can read these for reference.

If you plan on asking me to prove my trading results, as it inevitably happens here at FF, with a Trade Explorer or a MyFxBook account or live account screen shots or live trades, don't hold your breath. I have no agenda here. I'm not selling anything. I don't need or want public attention or followers on social media. I don't feel a need to prove anything to anyone. I wrote this hoping I could genuinely help someone. Also, it's nothing personal, but where I come from people don't ask other people how much money they make, and , oh, by the way, we want proof that you're not a liar too. Not going to happen.  Numerous traders have been successful with the Genesis Matrix Trading System.(Again, check the original thread.) I didn't create GMTS. I just adjusted it to suit me. Better minds than mine worked their butts off to make Genesis a reality. GMTS, free. A whole thread of veteran traders giving advice, free. Videos, trading tools, PDF for trading rules, free, free, free. Statistics published from serious trading tests, free. All you have to do is learn how to use it.

OK, I think I've said enough. Sorry if I bored you.  If it helped anyone in any way it was worth it. Good luck everyone with your trading.

For your reading pleasure, a little Genesis

The 5-15 Genesis Strategy and Genesis Summary PDF posted here by wiz3003
The 5-15 Genesis Strategy common questions answered posted here by wiz3003
The M1 Genesis Strategy PDF posted here by RJ

--- 帖子 #835 ---
bobby2 : many thanks for your unvaluable contribution, i too would hate to see the hard work from all the brilliant people that started this go to waste, and would like to contribute. I've been testing and watching charts, M1 and M5, on different pairs, to get a feeling for how price action corresponds to what the system/indicators are showing. Going back marking charts and identifying entries doesn't work for me.

My approach so far (may be subject to change) has been :

. start the day by looking at several currency pairs on M5, the goal is to find the best trading picture according to the system.

. basic price action such as LH/LL or HL/HH, double tops/bottoms, pivots, etc...the whole shebang.

. always looking for the perfect picture. what do i mean by that? look at today's perfect trade attached.

. always looking for stochastics M15 recent cross from 80/20, matched with price action.

Today's pictures :

. most currency pairs i looked at when i started trading were in a trend, not a lot of room to enter on the M5. EURUSD, USDCHF, AUDUSD. Most probably one could find goo entries on the M1 but I didn't look.

. USDCAD > nice swings/pullbacks, price action was clear and the "perfect picture" (take it with a grain of salt) developed :
. break of daily pivot support. pullback to pivot resistance. M15 cross down from 80. candle closing below MA. genesis matrix all red. ASCTrend M5 red, M15 white
yes, ASCTrend doesn't need to be all red. the most important are : pivot becoming resistance, M15 cross down from 80 and candle closing below MA. very powerful high probability trade.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Was looking for an opportunity to short the AUDUSD after watching the trend change develop.

The double pullback on R3 was additional confirmation + candle close below MA + Genesis & ASCTrend all red = trade.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
PERFECT PICTURE

. selling all over, pressure, stoch down below 20

. pullback from support

. stoch 5 + 15 both coming down from 80, mouth open

. genesis & ASCT all red

doesn't get any better than this

REENTRY

. support becomes resistance

--- 帖子 #838 ---
PERFECT PICTURE

here's the opposite of the previous, on the buying side :

. buying all over, pressure, stoch up above 80

. pullback

. stoch 5 + 15 both coming up from 20, mouth open

. genesis & ASCT all white

doesn't get any better tha...wait a minute, is this a pattern?!

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Another day, another dollar.

Correlated pairs, opposite trades, same time. Coincidence? Or as Albert Einstein said : "Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous"

HUGE reversal when EURUSD didn't break major resistance. Big news today on Brexit, watch out for that one.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
WHEN NOT TO TRADE

Was waiting for a pullback from the move up, not happening so far. why shouldn't these be traded?

1st > on none of the signals had the M15 stock crossed.

2nd > candle not closing above MA

last but not least, no valid pullback on the EURUSD either. hands off the keyboard!

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Hai...

Can I ask for your template, please?

I've tried look for as like your but I did not get it.

Thanks before

Regards,

Susan

--- 帖子 #842 ---
TEMPLATE

Here you go Susan.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Thank you for your time and effort aguarella. It's very kind of you to share your views.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Thank you very much...

--- 帖子 #845 ---
I've gotten some inquiries about what can be expected when implementing the Genesis Matrix Trading System. So, Just to give you an idea, below this post are some  stats from a very small live account.They are from Friday, Nov. 4, 2016 to today, Tue., Nov. 8, London Close. I probably won't trade again until after the U.S. Presidential election is decided. This is NOT a solicitation for ANYTHING!! I'm just trying, in my own small way to give back If it helps even one person get off on the right track, then I'm good to go.

I know these results are only 3 trading days, but I hope it gives you some idea of what COULD happen trading with GMTS. Personal discretionary trading decisions may give you different results, but generally I think, IMHO, most people could consistently replicate this with enough practice and due dilignence. (NOTE: I did have one bad trade where I fell asleep without a SL . My advice is: Don't do that .) Also, focus on the PIPS, not the money. I used lots ranging from .20 to .01. for different reasons. Our job is to accumulate PIPS. Money totals are relative to the individual, but TOTAL POSITIVE PIPS are universally how FX traders keep score. Also, I will use a 6 pip auto-TP on the M5 time frame when my entry is fairly close to a Sweet Spot, but because of strong signals, candles , slope, stochastic, etc., I think it will eventually hit it. That works for me, but you might have your own way of exiting.

I can't stress this enough: Take the time to educate yourself about trading and what goes on in the Forex markets. How do you do that? 1) There are several excellent free trading courses available online. babypips.com is one that is often mentioned here on FF. You don't need to pay $3000 to learn the basics and get a solid foundation to start from. If you'd like a printed reference, try "Forex for Dummies" (Don't be put off by the title. It's a very well-written book.) or something similar. 2) Take the time to read through the ENTIRE original Genesis thread. I'm not kidding. The whole thing, 1st to last post. Take notes. I know it's long. Do it!! The practical trading knowledge of veteran traders contained in that thread is invaluable. Plus it will give you a sense of the seriousness, professionalism, and hard work that produced Genesis. You will appreciate it more, respect it more, and have greater confidence in the signals. If you don't understand something, ask here. Someone who knows will help you out. Everybody has to start somewhere. It takes time. But, you can do it if you make a serious effort.

These stats are from the MT4 trade report:
Profit Factor: 3.90
Expected Payoff: 3.09
Absolute Drawdown: 0.00 Maximal Drawdown:18.94 (13.05%) Relative Drawdown:13.05% (18.94)
Total Trades: 18
Short Positions (won %): 4 (100.00%), Long Positions (won %):14 (78.57%)
Profit Trades (% of total):15 (83.33%) Loss trades (% of total):3 (16.67%)
Largest profit trade:15.87, loss trade:-15.56
Average profit trade:4.99, loss trade:-6.41
Maximum consecutive wins ($):6 (38.50), consecutive losses ($):2 (-18.94)
Maximal consecutive profit (count):38.50 (6), consecutive loss (count):-18.94 (2)
Average consecutive wins: 5, consecutive losses:2

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Thanks Bobby, so how many pips were achieved in total?

--- 帖子 #847 ---
63 point something pips for 3 trading days. After I posted I entered 2 more trades just before NY closed. I'm not counting Sun.,11/6. (One trade, -.01 pips@ .05 lot size. I lost 28 cents. I can't even remember why I did that. Strange.) I was doing a little experimentation with the TP/SL EA and the lot sizes. Today is election day in the U.S, and I didn't want to stay in any trade for too long. Too crazy today. So it was mostly take what I could get and adios. Wound up with +44 pips today so I'm not complaining about election day volatility.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Genesis is one way to trade. There are thousands of ways to trade. Whatever strategy we choose, we have to follow the rules....ALL THE TIME........Most successful traders have a set of rules they follow so routinely that the process they go through becomes an almost boring, routine habit. The simple fact is that most people won't follow the rules of a of a tested, well thought-out plan, and then they will complain when they fail saying the system / strategy failed them. when usually it's the other way around. It's comparable to having faith in any system or belief. Do we change our spouse every time their is some discord? Do we toss our kids or family pets out every time they misbehave? Do we change our religious beliefs every couple of weeks? Do we move to a different town or change nationalities every time our government displeases us? I'm guessing you said "no" to all of those Q's  It sounds ridiculous to even suggest such things. Success in any field of work is no different. Of course there's a learning curve. Successful people muddle through it because they WANT what's at the end of the learning process. We are entitled to nothing. We have to do what needs to be done to acquire the skills needed to be successful.  Genesis has provided us a way to be successful at trading foreign currency pairs. If you think it has merit try it. Whatever system / strategy you decide to trust for your business, learn it embrace it, trust it, and follow its rules ALL the time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #849 ---
January 10th, 2017. Happy new Year all. The Holidays are finally over, hope yours was a good one, and it's time to get back to the business of trading. Let's discuss a few things specific to the Genesis Matrix Trading System (GMTS) and a few that are applicable to trading in general. As usual, these are only my opinions. You can take them or leave them, but if somebody finds them useful then it's all good. If you would like to criticize, no problem, but please make it constructive. Also, I understand English is not everyone's native language, and / or not experienced at trading in general, and/or trading with Genesis. If you don't understand something please ask.

The Genesis Matrix is a pretty good tool for recognizing current Price Action (PA), but it's not perfect. We need to look at some other things before we decide that Genesis is signaling a High Probability Trade (HPT), which is the whole point of the trading system. Nothing is promised, nothing is owed. We must recognize HPTs and then manage them for profit.

So, what are we looking for and what do we do after we find it? Genesis matrix gives us Buy/Sell/Wait signals. (IMO the most valuable info the matrix gives us is when NOT to trade.) But we also have a few more tools at our disposal. On the main chart, a 5 period exponential moving average on the main chart (Typical Price times the HLC/3) offset by 2, ASCTrendi (current time-frame), pivot points showing possible support or resistance areas,and Heiken Ashi candles. Above the matrix below the main chart is an 11,3,3 stochastic (simple, close/close). Sub-window 3 below the matrix is the ASCTrend-2TF (current TF and next higher TF).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To be continued...........

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Let's take a look at EURUSD M5 today from London open to London close. It got kind of exciting while Mr. Trump was giving a news conference which was scheduled for 18:00 on my broker's time (chart server time). On the chart you will see some different color lines. The solid green red, and yellow vertical lines with numbered labels are possible areas o consideration. The vertical purple dotted lines are London open and close. The vertical dotted yellow line is New York open. The bright blue dotted line running with the candles is a 50 EMA. The horizontal yellow lines are possible Profit Targets (SweetSpots and FXI Pivot support lines) In sub-window 1 to the right of the stochastic is Genesis Dash. The Winner indicator is interpolated with the stochastic.

Here is what we see with Genesis for the London Session today Wednesday, January 11, 2017.

NOTE; MY CHARTS HAVE BEEN SLIGHTLY MODIFIED FROM THE ORIGINAL GENESIS TEMPLATE. IT DOESN'T MATTER. THE RULES ARE THE SAME. FOR SOME REASON I CAN INTERPRET THE STOCHASTIC BETTER WITH THE WINNER INDICATOR. PLUS I USE SWEETSPOTS  AS WELL AS PIVOT POINTS FOR TARGETS AND AREAS OF SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. ENTRY: ASCTrend 2-TF is in agreement for SELL. Genesis is giving a 2nd SELL signal. Stochastic is entering below 20, ( Winner is also strong red.) Candle closed below 5EMA, 50 EMA, and the nearest SweetSpot which had been Support. Target is either FXI Daily Support 1 or the next SweetSpot down.

2. EXIT: 2 weak candles increases the risk of this move not continuing. Stochastic indicates possible direction change. It went on to hit my target, but t this point probability has decreased and it's a coin-toss. History tells me take the pips and be happy for the profit. No one rver went broke taking profit.

3. NO ENTRY: Why? Decent signal all around. Just too close to the SweetSpot. It wound up bouncing around that Support area for over an hour.

4. NO ENTRY: ASCTrend2-TF do not agree. Still above the SweetSpot Supprt line. It's enough for me.

5. Entry: Same as #1 above. Looks good.

6. EXIT: Hit SweetSpot target. Yes, it went on to go a little lower., but greed kills. Happy with 15 here.

7. ENTRY: This one was iffy. Opened just above the SweetSpot and the FXI Pivots S2 line. All other signals agree.

8. Hit the SeetSpot FXI Pivots S1 target. Stoch was deeper into the 80 zone on entry than I like. Big price range. Also this was 30 minutes after the scheduled news conference with Donald Trump. In hindsight, this was highly risky. It worked out, but I don't like trading during news events because I have no idea what the market sentiment is or if it will vary during the scheduled time and after. That's called gambling.

9. NO ENTRY: Signals say go but candle did not open above the SweetSpot / FXI Pivots S1 line.

10. NO ENTRY: Blue shaded area. One of the Genesis rules is not to enter after a third matrix signal. I have entered late the past and it has proven to be expensive. Missed a 50 pip run, but RULES ARE RULES. WITHOUT THEM THIS DOES NOT WORK!!

50 pips is a pretty good day for Genesis but on't expect every day to be the same.

Next: Trading in general

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Here are some posts and documents to help getting started with Genesis
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...50#post5864650
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...80#post5884880
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...06#post6106806
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...59#post5858559
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...ie#post6503108
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...20#post5883620
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...48#post5888448
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...29#post6847629
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...84#post5876684
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...79#post6396079

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Thanks for your contribution Bobby.  Would you mind please posting your indicators and template?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Hi Razor. Here you go.

MTF Arrow and Genesis Arrow Matrix are included in the indicators file. They don't work on my version of MT4, Build 1031. It should work on prior versions

I included 4 templates. Choose the one you like. The only differences are:

GMTS Winner Tape tpl does have the matrix in sub-window 1. It's behind the tape. I did this so I use the tape and also get Genesis alerts. Tape alerts don't work on my MT4 platform.

GMTS Winner DTHA has DT Heiken Ashi instead of standard HA. They're a little different in the way the candle is formed. That tpl also has matrix and tape interpolated.

Also the original Genesis tpl is included. Maybe you want to use that or build your own strategy.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Legend thanks for that.  Good luck and hope you make millions.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
In the GMTS Winner zip file I posted for download, in the Indicators folder is Auto SL and TS, an EX4 file. That is not an indicator. It goes in the Experts folder. It can be used for automatic PT, SL, and trailing stop if you want. Sorry for any confusion.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Over 187 people have downloaded the templates and indicators, which is cool. No problem. That's why they're here. No one has a comment? No one has a question? No one has any results or experiences, good or bad?  So, good luck in your trading and, see ya around, I guess.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Hello traders, a few days ago I came across "Genesis" and find the whole very interesting. I will read the info in the next days and then trade with the system. I'm curious about the results I get.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
this is my template

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #859 ---
A big Thank You to bobzahra for editing the code for the (ASCTrend) MTF Arrow so that it now works on the newest MT4 Build. I really appreciate people like bobzahra, Xaphod, Cody etal., not only for their coding skills but for their willingness to contribute for the benefit of others. I know my way around a PC, but I couldn't write code if you put a gun to my head. So thank you again.

Attached File(s)   #MTF Arrow 3.00nmc.mq4

5 KB
|
338 downloads

This is helpful if you don't want ASCTrend -Matrix 2TF in a sub-window on your charts and you would like to know if the ASC Trend on the current TF agrees with the nest highest TF. Or you can have both. It's up to you. When both TFs agree with Genesis there is a higher probability that price will move in that direction.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Bobby2,

Thanks for your continuing effort, really motivating. Now if I only could use Genesis on a higher TF like H1 .........

Thanks

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Why not? Did someone put a gun to your head?

Genesis can be used on TFs higher than M5. The same technical rules apply, it's just that you will probably get fewer signals so you will, of course need to wait longer for quality signals. This quote by RJ is from the FAQs on page 1 of RJs original post found here: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796
FAQ:
1. What Time Frame can I use the Genesis System on?
We tend to use the M5 and/or the M15 timeframe, however the system works on all TF's

....and on post 456 on this page https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...54#post5856254 krypty talks about how he uses Genesis to trade higher TFs.

RJ prohibited people from posting charts that deviated from the original system simply to keep the thread from devolving into "indicator chaos". He often commented that if you had personal Genesis charts, with a different set of indicators, that you found valuable, that was no problem, he just didn't want them posted on his thread. His thread, his rules. I never had a problem with it, but some people just can't follow rules. RJ got fed up and shut his thread down. And I don't blame him. My point is the Genesis Matrix is a trading tool that can be wielded in more than one way. All of us need to find OUR "way".

Look, a lot of the kids your age in your neighborhood went to the same schools, right? Had the same teachers, read the same textbooks, shared the same academic and social experiences. Are all of you now doing the same thing at the same level with same amount of success? Of course not. For better or worse, everybody chooses their own way. There is nothing stopping you from using Genesis on a higher TF except you.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
This will be my last post in this thread. I posted everything you need to know to learn how to use GMTS. I posted long meticulous explanations of where to find everything for free. All you have to do is put in the time. But noooooo. We can't do that. That's too much work. Instead I get creamed with PMs asking questions that prove no one bothered to read a single word I wrote. Idiotic questions like, Are you still using Genesis?, Is Genesis still profitable?, Is Genesis automated?, Do I have to watch the charts to use Genesis? Not one question regarding a specific problem trading with Genesis. Not one question regarding ANYTHING about trading Forex in general. Just questions that point to extreme laziness. No one trying to figure out on their own what they need to do.

I have had dozens of people ask me to teach them how to to trade. My answer is always the same. Sure I will. I'd love to. I'll teach you for free. All you have to do before we begin is, first go to babypips.com, register, and complete the FREE trading school, let me know when you are finished. Take your time. Do it right. I never heard back from even one of those people. And I know why. They thought there ws no work involved. Just tell me real quick how you do this real quick so I can get started. Riiiiight. I tried. No more. Good luck to all.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
bobby,

I really know, how you are feeling. Unfortunately this 'business' is a bad one for those, who honestly are willing to help. You don't see this at the GMS original thread, which was closed bei RJ, but at a lot of others too. If the 'promoter' is not there to answer the already answered questions again and again, interest seems to go. Oh, I forgot, can a have the EA and how to exec an order with a guaranteed profit and blah blah blah.

While sellers of any nonsense don't have any problems to answer same questions, its all too human for traders, that they experience their individual point of no return. Look at demoreal, the TO, gone and left FF. Look at aguarella, gone and left FF. What a pity!

By the way, I have a questions too, hope it was not answered yet: At your first posts you mentioned to look for 6 pips, using a trading-ea, a profit which ca be achieved around 70%. I thought, this sounds like a scalping method. But later you explained entry/exit with some GMS-like examples, what to look for. Did I misunderstand something about those 6 pips TP?

Answering or not, good luck trading

and arriving at your 'pro'-target!

josch

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Hi josch, Thank you for an actual trading question. I have the Auto SL and TS EA set at 6 pips for special circumstances. The 2 recurring most circumstances are:

1) An hour or so before the NY Open and about an hour and a half after NY opens, often you will see a kind of a quick surge in price, or a spike. They are usually sudden and the length is unpredictable. But often they at least hit a Sweetspot. If I see one of these happening and I can enter at least 6 pips away from the nearest Sweetspot, I'll enter at market and just turn the EA on giving me an automatic profit target. It happens quickly and there's no time for calculations. They almost always get hit. If you don't think it has enough juice to hit the PT after you enter, just close it manually.

2) Other than the Sweetspots, there are Support and Resistance areas marked on the chart. Often price will arrive at these areas and stall for a while. Sometimes price will just blow right through and then retreat back to that area. Sometime price will completely disregard that marked area and just continue on its merry way. In other words, we don't know. But if I think price will at least cover that area but unsure about the strength of the move, I'll use the EA, take my 6 pips and be done with it.

Under normal circumstances the EA turned OFF and I let the Stoch and the PA tell me where to exit and I exit manually. That being said, it is not an entirely bad idea to be happy with a 6 pip trade on an M5 chart. 80% of the time the markets are ranging, not trending. If you are only going after 30, 40, and 50 pip moves on an M5 or M15 chart you may be disappointed. If I get a few of those auto 6-pip trades in one trading session, I count my blessings. The markets are very eratic these days. Flat for a long time with surges in price without warning. The EA helps me trade a little safer in a ranging market.

Below is a partial EURUSD M5 chart taken just after one of those price spikes. I entered just at the previous Resistance marker. As yo can see, price went a little beyond the upper Sweetspot, but I walked away with 6 pips. I hope my explanation helps.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Hi bobby,

thank you for explanations. Now this perfectly makes sense and I have to admit never having a look like this on such moves. But I'll do a bit research about.

Ref. (1) The erratic moves around NY open are nearly the same as the hour before London open, Frankfurt already is awakend and London may confirm the move, sometimes even beginning an hour before Frankfurt, or goes the other way. But you know RJs thread and this Frankurt/London behaviour already was stated there - years ago. Regarding my timezone, London is my first and preferred trading period.

Ref. (2) Support & resistance, I think, most are looking for those. Using the standard pivot points (lines) here instead of sweetspots, but I think, because they are only part of the whole trade, you may use, what you evaluated as 'fit best'.

Regarding your EUR/USD M5 chart, I see your entry (yellow vertical) after the resistance marker (yellow horizontal). Unfortunately there's no time and scaling, so I only may estimate distance of 6 pips. The next (to the right) white horizontal line is a support? Your shared indicators at this post didn't include S&R tools. Did you draw them manually? Looks a bit high for me, if I was interpreting well.

good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #866 ---
BOby ca you share last template and indicators.. thx!

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Like most S&R indicators this one will change if new highs or lows are made before a new S&R point can be established. The best thing about this indicator is it lets you know when possible exhaustion is happening with a small scissors icon. When you see it, you need to consider an exit. Please remember that Genesis is not 100% mechanical. It HELPS identify POSSIBLE areas for entries and exits, but discretion is needed on the trader's part..
Attached File(s)   SupportResistance.ex4

16 KB
|
304 downloads

--- 帖子 #868 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...478578&page=42 Post 840

Does everyone have a reading disability? Read the threads. People took the time to post to help others, but you gotta help yourself too.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Yes, you are right, just see every post new template and modification of indicators..

--- 帖子 #870 ---
The dotted yellow horizontal line is the New York Open. The solid yellow vertical line is the most recent resistance point. My entry was just above resistance, 6 pips below the Sweetspot line. The price bar was the 2nd or 3rd (can't recall now) Genesis signal.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regarding price movements during sessions, during different sessions different time zones within a session come and go creating different volumes of traffic. For example, Frankfurt opens an hour before London. Sydney and Tokyo are nearing their closing times. Frankfurt closes an hour before London. By that time most of the European banks have closed their trading desks. as a result, what we call the "London Session is actually many different countries and time zones coming and going. London may be the financial center for European banking and financial instruments, but when London is alone just before the the NY session, volume is so low that it's probably best not to trade during that time. In the Asian session before the Tokyo Open, just stay out. Sydney alone is very erratic. After Tokyo opens, an hour later Singapore and Hong Kong come in making things interesting for a couple of hours. If you watch price, you can see a fairly consistent increase and decrease in volume around the same times every day.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Wed., 4/5,2017, EURUSD and USDCHF about 3:15 pm EST, NY session trying for 6 pips contrarian trade using, Genesis Matrix,  SupportResistance indie, Sweetspots and Auto SL and TS EA. DXY chart is from investing.com
Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Both hit their mark for 6+6 pips.

...then rededed back across their respective suppot and resistance lines.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Hello, pls   put  your  TPL, thanks

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Tbilisi,

look at the paper-clip above, you'll find 2 templates.

But best to create your own one, if you understood, what the content really means.

josch

--- 帖子 #875 ---
bobby,

thank you completing your explanations. Was uncertain about S&R, because using here horizontal lines for different TFs and vertical for session-markers.

Ref.
'Regarding price movements during sessions, during different sessions different time zones within a session come and go creating different volumes of traffic.'

you're right, nonetheless London imo has range and price action enough to trade it well. Still London is leader of fx volume, while the Asian share increased (Financial Times 09/2016).

Have a look at EUR/USD price action chart below (olive = Asian, blue = London, maroon = NY). Often red news during US session have more impact than some of UK session. But always ... trade what fits you best

Since the good old days of GMS markets changed. Today we see more shallow moves than in 2012 and following years. To answer this your 6 pip-'thing' really is an interesting one. With TF M5 often together using with the original MA5 a MA10 (dotted yellow MA) as SL-level - if candle closes below/above, I close the trade. Visible distance entering the trade is around 5-xx PIPs. If more than 10-12 - no trade.

good luck

josch
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #876 ---
For GMTS users, here's something I am having a look at. Just started using it today, so please don't ask me if it's profitable, how long I've been using it, etc. I don't know yet. There is a TE set up on my profile. It is set for beginning April 12, 2017. I am looking at several time frames and entry rules so the beginning will probably be a little erratic till I get everything ironed out. The only big difference is the way I read the Genesis signals.

For now, All original GMTS rules apply, except that I have extrapolated the GMTS tape onto the same sub-window over Genesis Matrix 2.22. You can't see the matrix, but the alerts are on. GMTS tape has the Mode_Show3Bars setting as "true" (original=false). My setting on the Auto SL and TS EA is a SL of 20 pips. For now no profit target or trailing stop for me. The whole shabang is below in a zip file.Play around with it on a demo and see what you like.

I will enter on the close of the FIRST signal IF BOTH stochastics agree, AND PA is not too close to an area of support or resistance, Heiken Ashi color agrees, AND price has closed above/below EMA 5, AND it is in the same direction of the nearest (above)Support and (below)Resistance line, AND it is no more than 3 bars into the tape of the move, AND it is not after a big spike (I'll wait for a possible pullback), then I will enter.

Sound like a lot? If you've watched the markets and charts long enough you can spot all of this in less time than it takes to blink. Practice, practice, practice.

I am not using SweetSpots for PTs on this. FXI Pivots and S/R Levels are potential Profit Targets, but I will consider an early exit on the following, whichever occurs first:

GMTS tape bar has turned black or the opposite color of direction.
SupportResistance indicator begins to draw a S/R line or a scissors.
MTF Stochstic has started to turn and an opposite color Heiken Ashi appears and closes above/below EMA 5.
Both stochastics change direction at the same time.
ACS Trend arrows appear with an opposite color Heiken Ashi.
I'm seeing unhealthy HA candles and/or I just don't like the way price is moving and feel uncomfortable about staying in the position.

If you like, download it, play around with it on a demo or a micro account. Make your own rules as benefits you. Have some fun with it. Add, subtract, use it as is, change the charts appearance, whatever you like. Don't be asking me, "Can I do this or that? I'm experimenting with it. You can do the same.

Good luck and Green Pips to all!!!   Attached File(s)   GMTS 2.zip

308 KB
|
409 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #877 ---
bobby,

still working on getting a bit better - trader's live.

Thank you for explaining and good luck to you.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Above textbook GMS trade EUR/JPY (chart complemented by TDI).

Exec trade below DOL (overlaying the daily pivot), closing above RN.

Happy Easter!

josch

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Continuation PA of EUR/JPY (for those, who were more patient):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price continued down after hesitating at RN and hit 115.92 daily S1 / prev. session low at a pip.

josch

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Happy Easter to GMS traders ... and the others too of course

josch

--- 帖子 #880 ---
BTY josch. Reminder: It's Friday plus banks are closed in UK, Germany, Canada, and China. US Stock Market is closed (not US banks). 8:30 EDST USD news. Watch out for sudden changes in direction and volatility spikes.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Hi Everyone.

I had actually forgot about this system for a while but meant to give it a try. I remembered the other day and have been studying. I have marked out some trades that would have happened today and would appreciate some feedback to make sure I got this all right. I am sticking to the original GMTS and trade from NY open.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
IMHO, I think you've done a good job of identifying valid entries.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Good morning,

missed, but a valid GMS trade - targeting around RN / 20 PIPs, covering at end of 2nd blue candle (stoch + tdi crossing up).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

josch

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Good morning,

another GMS trade USD/JPY Attached Image (click to enlarge)

- better entry would have been at 1:05 EST (still at breakfast)

- oversaw M30 bearish divergence at entry, remaining until exit

- target was weekly R61 112.31 / daily R2 112.37

- cover because 45 min trying to move to higher high, but resistance at HOD

- Japan holiday today

- now it's trying to go north again, but out!

josch

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Hi,

anyone using the GMS indicators with MT5?

Checked if all were compiled without errors / are running without problems or ...?

Thank you

josch

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Good morning,

GMS textbook USD/JPY H4, 80+, clean chart and nothing left to be added.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

josch

--- 帖子 #887 ---
No problems here. But I don't use dashboards.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #888 ---
bobby, thank you.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
No problem josch.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
GMS GBP/JPY H4, 50+. Have a nice weekend.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Hey Josch, I've been trading with the GMS system for a while and I like the look of your charts.  Can you post what additional indicators you use?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Akolva,

the H4 chart includes original GMS indicators only + a (red) MA60 (linear weighted / open) and daily open line.

On M5 using GMS + TDI and daily open line too. Last 2 you'll find in the TMS for M30 thread - excellent ressource.

josch

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Thanks josch!

--- 帖子 #894 ---
GMS EUR/JPY H4, 40+
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

josch

--- 帖子 #895 ---
GMS EUR/JPY H4, 40+, 47 minutes
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Enjoy your weekend.

josch

--- 帖子 #896 ---
If anyone is using the GMTS Winner template that I posted a while back, here is an updated version that I have found beneficial. Please read the the PDF text notes included. After all my experimenting with different versions of GMTS, I came back to what was most profitable for me. I'm done screwing around and I don't foresee any more changes.

Not on the templates, but included in the folder:

Automatic stop loss, trailing top, take profit EA you can put in the Experts folder to help manage your trades. (Auto SL and TS EA)

FXI Pivots and SweetSpots-I put them on sometimes, but don't need them all the time. Usually I use the S&R Indicator and lines sometimes give me a false ides of where trend will stop.

Heiken Ashi (standard) if you don't like the DTHA candles on my charts

ASCTrend arrows and alerts-----If you have the ASCTrend Mattrix-2TF on your chart, it will alert you, arrows give the same signals.

MTF arrows for the next highest time frame on ASCTrend Matrix-2TF---(again, a redundant signal if you have the matrix)

You can put them on and take them off as needed or wanted. Not everyone likes the same things.

And thank you josch for the different MA settings. (50 pd., linear weighted, Open) I like it.

Please note that for the Market Sessions indicator to be accurate, just set the Sydney, Tokyo, London, and New York numbers to the corresponding times they start on your MT4 platform (24-hour format). For example. I live in Chicago. Sydney opens at 4 pm here but it's zero on my MT4 server, so my number next to Sydney is zeo. Tokyo opens 3 hours later (3), London is 10, and New York is 15. Don't input times like 2;00, 14:00, or 9:30, it won't recognize the data. Just a 1 or 2 digit number is good.

For THV3 Market Hours you only have to change one number, Your Broker_GMT_TimeZone at the top of the inputs menu. My number is 2. It's not too hard to figure out. You can also change the colors. My colors correspond with the Market Sessions colors.

If you have questions beside, "Is it profitable?", "How much money can this make?", ""Can we build a robot?", "Where is your live FX Book and/or Trade Explorer?", and my absolute favorite, "How long have you used this system?" go ahead and ask. I prefer it if people make an effort to at least learn trading basics and giving it a decent try on a demo or very small live account before they take a major plunge with a substantial amount of capital.

GMTS Winner versions 1 and 2 are below. The only difference between them is Version 2 does not have ASCTrend-Matrix 2TF indicator attached. The indicator is included in the Indicator folder.
Attached File(s)   GMTS Winner v1 and v2.zip

391 KB
|
664 downloads

GMTS Winner v1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GMTS Winner v2
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Bobby,

just read your PDF - very good work. Thank you for judging the red MA. Typo? It's a MA 60.

But I don't use it with M5, only with H4 as trend. Ascending MA and price above, no sell even

GMS arrows / red Matrix showing up and vice versa.

Curious, if the MA is helping at the lower TFs too. You may tell it

Have a profitable week

josch

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Hi josch. Thanks for the kind words. It's not a typo. I changed it to 50. It seems good for all time frames. The MA that catches the trend exactly doesn't exist. By its nature it can't react until PA makes up its mind. All we can do is try to catch some (most? ) of it. If we do that we're doing our job right.

As I write this, Sydney just opened. EURUSD opened 8 pips gap down from Friday's Close and the gap is already covered within the 1st minute. LOL!! I learned a long time ago not to even touch the Asian session until at least the Tokyo Open, but the Sunday Sydney to Tokyo trading time is (in Chicago) is REAL wacky. Fun to watch though .

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Here's an example of why experience is important. EURUSD, Sunday here, Monday morning in Australiia. Opened lower, Closed higher, Matrix says Buy. Stoch says Buy. EMA 5 and LWMA 50 say Buy. Price candle says Buy. Winner says Buy! Buy! Buy! But I wouldn't touch this unless you put a gun to my head. Price during this time changes so fast and violently you'd have no chance to catch it. It might go up. But I'll watch.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Now here is a shot of the next candle. Look at the MTF Stochastic. In the 1st image it had crossed. now it hasn't. My guess is it will hang out around the Open for a while. At the moment it's is just resting on the 50 MA. Will it break out above previous resistance? From the 3rd image it appears so. But not for me.

2nd image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3rd image (MTF Stoch crossing up again. Hmmmm.....)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Here we have a stronger signal. ACSTrend Matrix-2TF all lit up. You want to enter now? Uh-uh, not me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Everything says BUY!! PLUS we have a support bar forming. Good Lord!!! We MUST BUY NOW!! Shouldn't we? Nope I don't care what it does until Tokyo gets in the game. Then possibly, maybe.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Now, almost 1 hour past the Open, we have 2 nice, red price bars closing below both MAs saying "Adios Senor Pips!!" Stoch is plunging. MTF Stoch crossed down. Winner is red. Genesis is red. Only one indicator says stay long. ASCTrend Matrix still a Buy. But, the dreaded Scissors icon appeared. Most of the time that means the party, for now, is over. Looks like whipsaw city for the next 2 hours on this chart anyway.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #904 ---
This in my PDF notes attached to GMTS Winner folder, but I want this part to be public regardless of who downloads the files.

To ALL of the people involved in the development of the original Genesis Matrix Trading System, THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH for the time and effort you you spent,  plus the patience and professionalism you showed in guiding us on how to use it. I followed you from its birth. The trading education you provided was invaluable. It made me a better trader and I, for one,  am immensely and forever grateful. This version of the Genesis Matrix Trading System was created by me, Bob Scheide, ( bobby2 on Forex Factory) solely because of my own frustration with my inability  to accurately interpret  the current time-frame Stochastic as it relates to the current true trend. I created GMTS Winner  in an attempt to be more accurate with my decision making process. It is, in no way, my intention to diminish or disrespect the work of the original GMTS developers. I have tried to stay true to the rules of the original GMTS. Any changes that deviate from the original system are completely my own.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Pretty good Buy signal on EURUSD just before Tokyo Open. Just not enough volume to break through Resistance. Again you see the Scissors icon. If you were long you need to get out 1st bar after the icon. Green head but red spike closing below the 5ema. Look at the current time-frame Stochastic. When it broke for the 80 line and touched the Winner indicator plus Genesis tape turned gray. If you stay after that you're gambling with lousy odds. In the past I have taken these trades and paid dearly as the market waved good-bye to me going the opposite way while I stubbornly refused to acknowledge I was wrong. That is why that indicator stays on my charts. It can save you a world of hurt.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #906 ---
For the moment a ranging market. You could slip down to M1 and grab a few pips.

M5 EURUSD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Same chart, but on M1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #907 ---
On M5 we get another scissors icon at Support. Oh, Oh, Oh are you thinking what I'm thinking? Entry rules be damned!!. It's gonna bounce up again. It's been doing this since Friday afternoon. Free pips. A sure thing. DON'T DO IT!!!

If you do it now you'll do it again and again and again. And I guarantee the market will have you for lunch. Too many traders moan about missed pips, but don't congratulate themselves when they have avoided disaster. Standing aside is a position and often the most intelligent decision you can make.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Uh-oh. It didn't bounce this time. Whoops! If you want to trade against the next higher time frame, and you have a good reason, do it. But NEVER, EVER, trade against the CURRENT time frame trend. If both agree, that's great. Often they don't. But don't fight the current trend on the current TF.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Voila!! We avoid disaster.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Here are the charts of 8 currency pairs all on M5 time frame about an hour and a half before the NY Open. You can see the local (Chicago) time in the lower right-hand corner, I think it's 5:36 am. NY opens at 7 am here. Look to the far right on each chart. Look at the price move through the 50 LWMA and notice the reaction of the indicators on each chart. Most pairs pairs surged at the same time. This happens quite often. All you have to do is be there when it happens. Only 2 pairs, AUDUSD and USDJPY didn't move much. But 6 pairs moved enough at the same time to add some nice pips to your account. I'm not suggesting to open 6 positions all at once. What I am suggesting is it might be worth your time to be there if and when it happens because there is a high probability that it will. Trading only 2 positions, say EURUSD and UDSCHF, trading only the Genesis and ASCTrend-2TF signals, would have produced about 70 pips total. Not a bad way to start the week. These are the charts that I use. but it wouldn't matter which version of Genesis you use. The signals would still be the same. Wishing everyone a happy, safe, and profitable trading week.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #910 ---
GMS AUD/NZD H4, 75+, duration 7 candles (around 28 hrs)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Commenting on the large # of bobby's charts later.

josch

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Hi. You don't find any use of stochastics in your setups?

--- 帖子 #912 ---
There are two kinds of people in the world: stochastics lovers and stochasrics haters... Once hater but now i am stochasrics lover...

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Since stochastic on 2 timeframes is the original Genesis setup I was interested if it was working as good without it

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Hi LFN. I think I understand your question. To answer it, I need to ask a question of you. Once you enter a trading position, where do you exit? The stochastic indicator and the Genesis Matrix give us different information. The matrix tells us of the possibility of the beginning of a trend or change of direction. The stochastic also gives us directional info, but also gives us some idea of strength and duration. As a general rule, we might say, "Genesis gets us in, and the Stochastic gets us out."

I know it's a tad more complicated than that, but not by much. If you don't like, or are uncomfortable reading the Stochastic indicator, you need a reason for exit. Some traders use candle formation to gauge price strength and weakness. Some will use a predetermined profit targei. Still others will depend on crossing MAs, etc....the list is long for exit criteria preferences.

The Genesis Matrix was never meant to be a stand-alone indicator. Everything working together increases the probability of us being correct in entering and exiting positions, but nothing is promised. Interpreting any indicator or set of indicators accurately is a skill that improves with time and practice.

If you go here https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796 you'll find this list of tutorials that you might find helpful.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To answer part of your question, you don't need the Stochastic if you have a different way of receiving the information that the stochastic provides. What's important is that you choose a method that consistently gives you a way to profit from most of your trades. The stochastic works IF you can interpret the information. It does take some practice.

As for josch's charts, and this is just my opinion, I'm sure josch will let me know if I'm mistaken, it's true there is no stochastic indicator, but he has a 4-TF ACSTrend matrix, MAs, Opening price lines, and a dashboard feeding him information about Price Action on his charts. Josch also trades the H4 time frame where a stochastic signal may be too slow to give him accurate exit signals. It works for josch, so it's good..........for josch. It might be helpful if you do a little experimenting on a demo account and see if you can find what works best for you. I hope this helps answer your question. Best of luck in your trading.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Thanks. I am trading Genesis live since almost 2 years back. Only the original chart setup with Stochasrics. Can't live without stochs

My close is a little unusual. I often use the T3 indicator (part of Genesis matrix) when it changes colour I will close the trade. Feel free to try it.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
My apologies. I misunderstood your post. It sounded like you were new to Genesis and confused about whether or not the stochastic was a  necessary part of GMTS.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
For anyone who interested in higher TF application of genesis, I strongly recommend to read several last postings from Olivierforex. He was master of 4H TF trading.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
It's really looks nice. When I looked on my lost trades it's cut my losses.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Agree, looking left - price is near high, which may provide strong resistance.

josch

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Correct, and you may add (one rule of GMS) - if price candle closes below MA5, cover.

josch

--- 帖子 #921 ---
thanks so much @bobby2

better work of original genesis{clear signal}

--- 帖子 #922 ---
this guy rip the market with old genesis:
Inserted Video

but bobby2 version is too much better than old version, especially on h4

--- 帖子 #923 ---
LFN,

have a look at my M5 chart and some following. You'll find stochastics and the TDI.

Trading H4 you may use it too, but imo they give no additional benefit. Nonetheless,

I have a look at as well as to divergence, but this isn't essential trading this TF.

Trading GMS M5/M15 the stochastics are essential together with the other GMS tools.

josch

--- 帖子 #924 ---
bobby, there's nothing wrong, it's absolutely correct.

If you're trading higher TFs like the H4, it's 'slower' and you may add some statistics

like 'how strong / how many pips' was the duration of an up/down-move in a pair last

year. This leads to the often quoted 'number-game'. Below the line, you 'simply' have

to find a mix of tools, which results in an overall green outcome.

josch

--- 帖子 #925 ---
You're welcome. Glad you found it useful. Though I don't consider it better, just a different view is all. Not everyone sees things the same way.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Helloo everyone, good day.

I'd like to say thank you in the original thread by RJ but unfortunately the thread is closed, Thank you Xaphod, Wiz3003, RJ, Olivia, Cody, Oli (olivierforex) for this wonderful system, indies and template. This really helps me with my trade.

Thank you Heispark as well for pointing me to this thread *yay*

I have a question, in H1 Tf, what do we do if the ASCTrend1i showing a sell signal but the the other indies are not lining up until 11 candles later? Do we still take the sell trade or we just wait for the next signal?

Thank you everyone, cheers.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
I am not expert but you may want to check how a 4H TF genesis expert did: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...88#post9902788

He removed ASCTrend. Try to do some backtest yourself to see if it's useful to you. For me, it was too late. Many people (including RJ) said Genesis is best for 5M. I heard many people tried but wasn't that much successful in higher TFs...

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Thank you Heispark, I'll check his page ... cheers

--- 帖子 #929 ---
If you could post a chart with an example of the situation you are describing, it would help us see what you are seeing. But just from what you described, TF=H1, ASCTrend indicator signaling sell, but no other trading signals until 11 hours later, sounds like a ranging market. 11 hours later what is the situation? What has changed? New session Opening?, old session closing?, news event? Breaking through strong Support or Resistance? Something is different now. What is it? All ASC Trend is saying is, technically, the trend is down. Price is now in a place that satisfies the indicator's criteria for a down trend. But Genesis hasn't yet agreed.

If the trend is down and Genesis is giving you a new sell signal, yes, you can take it. However, if it was the other way around, say you have a long period of a solid Genesis signal, but no confirmation from elsewhere on your charts, then 11 bars later ASCTrend agrees, That's too late. I wouldn't advise taking that signal.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Good morning,

taking a trade 11 bars later ... I second bobby, this often may be too late.

Have a look at the TMS thread beginning of Eric RIP. He mentioned, that a lot of

H4 candle series same direction end after several, so he took trades only until

2nd candle after a signal. Back to GMS, following charts are with timeframe H4 too,

so you have to look, if there are some similar usable technicals with the H1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Selling EUR/JPY below downtrend MA60 (red) and no cover at blue candles this

am, because the indicators (TVI, CCI, T3, GHL) and ASCTrend H4 + D1 still intact

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No sell at red arrow, because looking left and MAs, this is ranging (red MA flat,

yellow MAs only up and down). Waiting ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Re-entry example. Trend MA60 is down, typical retracements and continuing trend.

First sell at red arrow was a small loss (exec 1.8044 / cover 1.8094 at 4th blue candle,

accompanied by first contrary blue indicators TVI + T3). Trend still running? Re-entry

at 06/06 12:00 GMT (7th candle from right) 1.8017 and no cover at blue candles,

because all indicators still red - price now around 1.7930

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Selling at red arrow? - Possible, but no: There is an uptrend and since 5 small green

arrows starting consolidating / ranging with some HHs and HLs. Waiting ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Similar to chart above, some HHs and HLs. Possible to sell this? Sure, but if it was ok,

we'll see later - as always: best probabilities still are no guarantee. In this case have

a look at the next higher TF, the daily:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ok - this was a downtrend over 11 days, now retracing and red TL was broken. All indicators

are red (but the weekly), so a try would be ok. Back to the H4 above, there still showing up

some single blue candles, but indicators still ok: so far sell 1.3481, price at 1.3427.

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #931 ---
I just tried the GMTS on M5, am really surprised to see how essential it is to use the pivot .. wow ... I was trading only using H1 before but tomorrow I'll try to use M5.

Those pivots are like a S/R, if it breaks it will go to the next level.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Guys, I was studying the M5 with USDJPY pair, some signals will go from pivot to R1/S1 ... and some just go for few pips, how do we differentiate that this movement will go until the next level or this movement only go for a few pips. Is there anyway that we can do that? Cheers!

edit: The one with a red line is a sell signal but only go for a few pips. There's a buy signal before and the price move from pivot to R1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #933 ---
hi, trying this method after a long time, been here when the original system was being discussed on FF.

just looking for new ideas to trade and mix things up.

i stacked three matrix together. 5m 15m and 1h.

following the larger trend might generate more winners, than just taking trade in both directions?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Just keep in mind that MTF recalculates until that higher TF bar closes in current chart. This means you don't use MTF indicators for backtesting...

--- 帖子 #935 ---
x-x,

already mentioned in the original thread there were several advices to 'not trading against ...' for example the H1, if trading the M5.

Not having statistics about success with/against 'trend', using the MA60 trading the H4 to trade with this trend only here and it's ok.

josch

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Quote: liquidice Post 940:  "I just tried the GMTS on M5, am really surprised to see how essential it is to use the pivot .. wow ... I was trading only using H1 before but tomorrow I'll try to use M5."

Pivot points, simply put, are historical reference points. They show us a POSSIBLE areas where Price MAY consolidate, weaken, or turn based on what what happened in the past. The danger with Pivot Points is we can see them on our charts, and because we can see them we might make assumptions based on those lines. This assumption might lead us to attempt to predict where price will go in the future. But, we are Genesis traders.We don't predict. We don't know where Price will go in the future, and we don't care. All we care about is what Price is doing right now. IF Price reaches a pivot area and stalls, weakens, or turns, then yeah, it's probably a great place to consider an exit. But let's not assume it will automatically go there. Maybe it will, maybe it won't. As Genesis traders we really don't care. We leave predictions to others.

The time frame you choose is a personal business decision that we base on our past training, trading experiences, available resources and personalities. In regards specifically to the Genesis Matrix Trading System, it was created for M5 and M15 time frames, but some traders have successfully adapted GMTS to higher time frames. The debate rages on as to which time frame is most profitable. There will always be differences of opinion based on personal experiences, life situations, and expectations.

Quote: liquidice Post 941: "............Guys, I was studying the M5 with USDJPY pair, some signals will go from pivot to R1/S1 ... and some just go for few pips, how do we differentiate that this movement will go until the next level or this movement only go for a few pips. Is there anyway that we can do that? Cheers!"

There is and there isn't. I'm sorry for such a vague answer. Our job as Genesis traders is to look for High Probability trading opportunities based on the information provided through the indicators and Price Action we see on our charts. The Genesis Matrix Trading System was designed to give us High Probability opportunities at possibly catching the approximate middle two-thirds of a trend. Two-thirds of 15 is 10. Two-thirds of 9 is 6. Two-thirds of 3 is 1. "How long will the trend continue to exist?" (i.e. How strong is the trend?) We really won't know until it happens. "A trend is a trend until it isn't." So, how do we decide which signals are stronger than others? There are a few ways, but the caveat (There;s always something!) is that we need to practice in order to become proficient at interpreting the signals. When you have confidence in your signals, decisions come easier than when you're just starting to get familiar with them. Learning to read the stochastic (see original thread page 1, 1st post by Real Jumper for a few tutorials) is a real asset to being successful with GMTS. Also, the time is important. Some times and some sessions produce very strong signals while other times give us many false signals. This isn't a defect in Genesis. This would be true no matter how you trade.

The truth is; 1. You learn trading basics. 2. You search for and find YOUR trading preference. 3. You practice using that until you have complete confidence that the rules give you an edge that help you make sound trading decisions most of the time. 4. You manage your capital wisely.  That's it.  All it takes is time and effort.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Thanks, bobby2 and everyone who contributes to this thread. Genesis is really a very good system. I started to use it a few weeks ago and it's the first time I felt comfortable trading. At first I was in control of my trading decision and picked the most HBTs and made some profits but then the ASCmatrix or the general direction, stochs or pivots started to sway my decisions for entry or exits and ever since it has been like take a step forward today and a step back tomorrow. I re-read the original thread, the rules and FAQs then this one with the most important explanations and will trade again next week and look for the HBTs only. I wrote down the rules on a piece of paper to have during trading just to avoid straying from them again. It's such a great system and I don't want to jump to another one again. Again thank for explaining the system all over, bobby2 and anyone who contributed.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
I'm not exactly sure what new traders or new users are expecting when they begin using the Genesis Matrix Trading System (GMTS). I'm sure you're hoping that this trading system is the answer to all your prayers. It can be. But here's the thing. There are so many proven, useful, and potentially profitable trading methods in existence that the actual total may be uncountable. A previous post sticks in my mind that said, "......... some signals will go from pivot to R1/S1 ... and some just go for few pips, how do we differentiate that this movement will go until the next level or this movement only go for a few pips. Is there anyway that we can do that?" Every time? No. Some of the time? Yes. Most of the time? Depends on your trading skills. Any trading system is a tool the trader uses. How skillful the trader is with the tool depends on the trader.

If the answer to the above post is a giant "YES!!" across the board, then we have found the trading system that all traders dream of. The trading system that just flat out screams, "ENTER NOW!!!", and, "GET OUT NOW!!!" and every trade will be (enter the dream pips total here) pips profit without a loss. You don't need to think and make decisions, just leave it that all to me, The System. I'm sorry. but you're going to have to trust me. That system does not exist.

Let's forget The System for a minute. Trading for many here is a business. It is either our main source of income or we are working toward that end. We're not playing around. We are really serious. Our lives and our quality of life depend on it. Our futures and possibly the futures of people dependent on us are literally going to be defined by our trading skills. We need to be, at least, capable of making sound business decisions with above average consistency on a daily basis. To do this we have to know as much about our industry as we can, and we need to have confidence that our business plan, our method of doing business, is based on sound principles that help guide us through what appears to be random chaos resulting in profit.

Study the Forex Market. Take a free course. Study all the things that this wacky thing called Price can do in a market. Try making some calls on a naked chart. Try different indicators. Try price bars, candles, and line-charts. Play around with your trading platform. What layouts do you like? Which ones make you sick? Keep a written record of what you've experienced, how you felt, what you learned. Certain things happen around the same time almost every day. What? Write it down. Remember it. At some point you start seeing things you've never noticed before. Weak candles, healthy candles, trend lines, consolidation areas,...........NOW, take Genesis and see it for what it is. It is not the Holy Grail of the trading industry. You need trading skills to use it profitably. You need money management skills to survive the business of trading. You need common sense to tell you when not to gamble your business away on one crazy trade. And you need discipline to follow all your rules all the time. OH! The rules caused you to miss a big movement? You followed the rules? Let it go. When people follow the rules they profit, when they don't something very bad may happen. The rules are there for a reason. Follow the rules.

All of this would be true no matter what trading system you decided to use. So. What can you expect with Genesis? You can expect a free, tested and proven, high-quality trading tool, that, even with average trading skills, can give you an edge at finding High Probability Trading opportunities on a basis consistent enough to build a profitable business over time. I think that's pretty cool.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
This week was a little rough for me, for everybody I think. North Korean missiles and threats, U.S. political infighting, D.T. tweets and speeches, Jackson Hole Symposium, inflation concerns, Euro$ appreciating, sudden spikes, choppy markets, yada, yada, yada. It'll probably be like this until after Sept. 1st. But tomorrow is another day and we'll be right back at it.  Best regards to everyone and hope all is well.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Very good day today. Attached is my last trade of the day. + 100 pips on GbpJpy. I have been moving to breakeven at the next obstacle and then trailing behind the last swing low or high and staying in as long as the m15 stochastic is still strong or above 80 when buying or below 20 when selling setting a 100 pip take profit.  I also took a couple of other trades Eurjpy came out for +1, GbpAud and EurAud at 8.15 chart time (London time +2). GA came out at +60 pips roughly when the GMTS tape went red and the stochastic dropped below 80 and EurAud came out at +100 so a very good day.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
so good to see you are using this strategy,traders have tendency to create the Holygrail, knowing that doesn't exist.i was not very happy with 15 min time frame.Iguess I have to give it a try once again,do u use 5 min time frame?

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Yes I use the 5 min. For me the breakthrough has been how I now let it breathe at the beginning and keep the original stop loss in place then follow behind swings with the take profit set according to the atr of the currency. I set it at the first atr line (which is 80% of the average of the last 7 days) or if it is further away than 100 pips I set 100 pips. Just to show the things I look for are not just in hindsight I marked up the Gbp/Jpy chart with a trade I would have taken if I had been able to stay awake for 24 hours. Looking at it now I am awake the GJ would have made its 100 pips. U/j signalled 5 minutes later reaching its atr line with +71 and ej signalled at 3.40 chart time and would have also reached it with 76 pips. I only trade jpy and aud currencies in the Asian session.  I did not take this trade just marked it with the red vertical line for reference for today.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
to be very honest,i m afraid to even take 15 min,i prefer 1 hour for setup and 4 hours for confirmation.on 5 min chart how long does it take to make 10 pips in volatile market i.e London Open and ny open? in 5 min do you not find whipsaws?are you doing live trading ?sorry to ask this.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
T4Trade,

Genesis [GMS] is a working strategy. Change of markets for sure you will see more using smaller timeframes. I am using H4 and don't look 99% to D1 for confirmation. But this is a complete other trading than M5 / M15, same setup and tools though. Best you check the original thread. You'll find a PDF about M5/15 trading with some statistics, should be very helpful for a newbie in TMS.

good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #945 ---
lisat,

great trades, great explanation of breakthrough and ... great signature

good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Hi everyone!ive been looking arround 1minute timeframe ( I really love It) and it seems to work quite well.Someone is using It on this timeframe? Its working well for you?

Im triying to backtest but mtf stock dont work on the tester.

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Try reading last dozens of postings made by RJ in original Genesis thread.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
I want to use it on 1 hour and 4 hour tf.Thanks for suggestion.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Thank you Josch, I will post trades as and when I can.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Current EU short. Today is US and Canada bank holiday.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Exit at 1.17327 because of current TF stoch crossing up from under the MTF stoch for 8 pips. Soon after exit, got a support signal from S&R indicator on chart (lower chart).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #952 ---
bobby2, WELL DONE

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Hi Josch

I like your 4H setups and the way you approach it. By the way, you mentioned you enter only after the arrow signal candle, would it be too late then? Will you go down into smaller time frame for setups? Can i know what is the blue underlined indicator you have on your chart? Is it weekly ATR? Thank you for enlightening

Oh, and thank you Bobby for your work! Am still reading up on your new take on it slowly.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
EU on M5 just be a few minutes before NY open (yellow dotted line). Entry price is 1.17939. Next round number is 1.8000 Resistance marker at 1.1799. Here is where I use the Auto TP.set for 6 pips. Hesitated to enter because Genesis was already 3 bars into the trend. But decided to go. Let's see what happens.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Now my S&R indicator indicates the move up might be finished. Hmmmm. I'm gonna hang here for a bit.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #956 ---
I think NY is SL hunting. I'll wait.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Nope. Not this time. EU suddenly became anemic after the NY open, at least for the 1st hour.  I entered too late and stayed too long. I tried to predict where price would go. I disregarded signals telling me where to get out.  I broke the rules. I was a very, very bad boy.  Cost me 10 pips. What;s the lesson ? Follow the damn rules.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #958 ---
LOL!! Sure eenough, as soon as I got out price heads back toward my entry. Genesis and ASCTrendi say buy. Uh-uh. No thank you.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Whoops! I lied. Couldn't help it
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Kaplan's yakkin' in a minute. I'm out.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #960 ---
ethanpip,

I often have a look at other timeframes, but I don't pay much attention to the lower ones. If you trade H4, you may argue if it is wise to sell a few pips above a round number, same vice versa. But that's the way to trade larger TFs. If you are looking down the TFs you always will find a reason not to exec a trade as well as find a reason to cover an executed trade earlier as your target is hit.

Some important points:

1. It is important to have a look left and at the next higher TF, trading the H4 this is daily. Question - do you want to risk a buy, if looking left there is no HH last days or weeks?

2. Executed a trade and nearing your target, do you want to risk a retrace/resistance of a daily or weekly pivot, if your target is only a few pips away between the price and your target or cover at this level?

3. Red news - not as important as with lower TFs - but still possible to have a (large) impact, so as above, you want to take the risk? - If you are trading mainly TA as with the GMS, the idea is not News trading, better to avoid it.

The blue line is the DOL (daily open line) - only reference where session of day started.

good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #961 ---
you are in a hurry. you could have stayed a bit longer . could have made some pips

--- 帖子 #962 ---
In hindsight I guess you're right. But if I haven't got a clue what's going to come out of the mouths of people who are influential in financial markets, I just wait till they're done. People like Drahgi, Yellen, POTUS, Carney, etal, have cost me tons of pips and I'm not smart enough to figure out what they might or might not say so I try to avoid them. Not in a hurry though. EU paid me back, plus some, later. .

--- 帖子 #963 ---
I think you just need to follow the technicals. once they start to open their mouth steps should be taken to make sure that no trades in the terminal should be present.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Apologies if this has been already asked before, but is there anyway to setup an alert which alerts when within the "GenesisMatrix" all blocks are red or white and at the same "ASC-Trend Matrix 2TF" both blocks are red or white. i.e. so all blocks on both Indicators are white I want an alert or if all blocks are red on both indicators I want and alert.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Hi

You can download and try Genesis Matrix Signal from :
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=381999

--- 帖子 #966 ---
I haven't seen an alert or signal that does what you suggest. One of the problems with multi-TF indicators is that, while the current TF signal is completed, the higher TFs signals must wait to complete their time-cycle. Once the higher TF price bar is closed, the signal becomes permanent. But during the time-cycle the higher TF signal may change many times before that bar closes. If you're looking at ASCTrend 2-TF matrix on an M5 chart, the higher TF, M15, will need 3 M5 bars to complete its cycle. If your rule for entry is to enter on the open of the 2nd Genesis signal that is confirmed by both TFs on the ASCTrend 2-TF matrix, OK. But what if the M15 signal on ASCTrend is not yet completed, and you enter, and then the M15 signal changes? What happens to your rule. It becomes discretionary and not automatic.

The alert on ASCTrend matrix is only for the current TF. If you would like, you can try using the MTF Arrow signal. That will print an arrow for each current TF price bar that closes where ASCTrend is seeing a change in trend on the next highest TF until the time-cycle for the next highest TF is completed. So on an M5 chart, you will see 3 arrows showing completion of the trend change on M15.
Attached File(s)   #MTF Arrow 3.00nmc.ex4

11 KB
|
397 downloads

Attached File(s)   #MTF Arrow 3.00nmc.mq4

5 KB
|
460 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #967 ---
I tried downloading these MTF arrows,it doesn't show p on my chart,do u the reason?

--- 帖子 #968 ---
On your MT4 chart: Click "File", Click "Open Data Folder", click MQL4, click Indicators, keep this window open

Open a new window and go to where you saved both the MQL4 and EX4 files of #MTF Arrow 3.00nmc

Highlight the files with your mouse then click "Copy"

Go back to the MQL4 Indicators folder. Right click on any blank space and click "Paste".

Make sure both versions are now in your Indicators folder.

Close your MT4 platform, and open it again. Check to see that #MTF Arrow 3.00nmc appear in your Navigator folder.

Without changing the settings the arrows should appear wherever the next highest time frame changes trends.

Also, make sure you have ASCTren1i in your Navigator folder. If you don't, I attached 2 versions below, one with alert, one without. Some people are annoyed by alerts. (NOTE: #MTF ARROW 3.00nmc indicator was re-coded from Cody's original 2.01 version found in the original Genesis thread. The only reason Cody's version was re-coded was because it had stopped working on newer MT4 Builds. No change was made to the indicator itself.)
Attached File(s)   ASCTrend1i.ex4

11 KB
|
346 downloads
Attached File(s)   ASCTrend1i.mq4

4 KB
|
341 downloads
Attached File(s)   ASCTrend1i-Alert.ex4

15 KB
|
355 downloads
Attached File(s)   ASCTrend1i-Alert.mq4

8 KB
|
404 downloads

--- 帖子 #969 ---
wonderful,it worked,but since I m using 4 hours time frame,these arrows appear on big distance but it is giving edge to my trading,i feel like going to 5 min trading enter on these arrows and exit on wave alerts.

I edited this post to bring discipline my emotions back in control and stick to my rules to be on 4 Htf and not lesser than that because 4H tf gives peace of mind,although we wait for setups ,but when setup comes to us ,it is guaranteed.

goodluck and gReen pips!

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Hi all,

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #972 ---
I post here the original Genesis Matrix Trading by realjumper.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Hi kiki215fr, Welcome. nice trading!!

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Thanks, Bobby2 ;-)

--- 帖子 #975 ---
GBP/USD +45

--- 帖子 #976 ---
GBP/USD total +88 pips closed before NY Open

--- 帖子 #977 ---
kiki,

excellent trades! - If you don't know ... dragging the trade out of

'Terminal / Account History' into the chart marks entry and exit automatically.

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Missed this trade on UJ just after London Open because I was making coffee. LOL!! Be careful this week. May see a lot of spikes and quick reversals.A lot of high impact financial news with a dab of political uncertainty thrown in for good measure. Wishing green pips to all.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #979 ---
GU sold at 1.41047, at 10 pips auto TS kicks in guaranteeing 6 pips if price recedes from 10. After 10 trailing stop follows 5 pips behind. This trade was stopped out at 15 pips @ 1.40862.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price continued down another 13 pips or so. Some would say I would have been better off waiting longer to exit. On the other hand, no matter what happened after 10 pips gain, I was guaranteed 6 pips. When the market is as jittery as it is at the moment I'll take the 15 pips and be happy about it. If I was getting the feeling of a stable trend I probably would have let it run.

BTY, the trade manager posted below goes in your MQL4/Experts folder. This was found on the MQL5 Community page that everyone who uses MT4 or MT5 has access to. I just use the Default settings. Play around with it. You may want different results from it.from the default. This trade manager also hides TP, TS, and SL from your broker.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Hi, +36 GBP/USD

I am in and I think I took my entry too late

I will see at the end of the day.........

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Looking at the Stochastics I don't think you were late. RJ had a "kind of" rule where he wouldn't enter after the 3rd matrix bar, but sometimes price strength / momentum can change late. That's a judgement call that comes with experience. As was stated many times in the past, Genesis is a good indicator, but you also need trading skills to make your own judgements. It's not always automatic. To me it looks like you have pretty good judgement. You did better than I did on that trade. But I never complain about pips I could have had if only I would have........ Hindsight is always 20-20. To me it looks like you're doing fine.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Thanks, bobby2

I decided to cut my trad,not bad +46.4 (finish for today)

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Hi,

Just for test: Basket Scalping M1 EUR/JPY +487

--- 帖子 #984 ---
I hope everybody was able to grab some pips from today''s BOE news. I didn't think the DAX would tank like it did,  EU, AU, and UJ all had nice runs and I hope everybody got a share. No complaints here  We're expecting a boatload of snow in Chicago for the next few days so I might be shoveling instead of trading later and tomorrow. Nice to have gotten some pips in before the storm hits. Wherever you are, green pips always.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Hi everyone. I received some questions regarding how I determine profit targets. It's a tough question because, depending on the situation, I decide on the fly. I mainly use one of three criteria which, in the end, usually comes down to areas of Support and Resistance. For a visual reference, the areas I have the most respect for are Round Numbers and those areas where buyers and sellers are gathered, otherwise known as Supply and Demand. The indicator BN Levels v 1.02 automatically marks the round numbers on your chart. Each number is about 25 pips apart. It isn't much use on the higher time frames because then the lines are too close to each other. I use them up to M30. IMHO, EURUSD, GBPUSD, and AUDUSD, and USDCHF have a high probability of hitting those numbers during high volatility trading times. USDJPY and USDCAD don't respect those areas with such a high degree of probability. They will often get near, but not touch or go through. The reason is that the correlating pair hits its target first, ending that particular move for both pairs. After some practice it usually becomes kind of clear that it's over. Do not assume that price will move toward a round number just because it is in the area. It's a target for what direction you have already determined through your analysis.

The Supply and Demand indicator is, IMO, a very accurate tool for guesstimating where price may go. Put it on a chart and watch it. It can be entertaining and instructive. Sometimes you're like, "No way price will get there.", yet there it often goes. That being said, I don't enter trades based on the information from just the indicator. Again, they are just suggested targets.

I don't use pivot lines. I'm not particularly fond of them. But that is, of course, up to you.

I use both indicators and often it becomes, what I call the "next in line" rule. If price has gone through one target, the next target line becomes the next target. Maybe price hits a round number and you wonder what's next. I'll put the S&D lines on my chart and I have an idea of space and whether or not it's worth my time. You will see different targets on different time frames. If I don't need or want the lines on my charts, both are easily added or deleted as needed. An EURUSD M5 chart image with both indicators is attached below together with both indicators to download. Both are EX4 files, Sorry, I do not have the MQL4 version for either indicator. Both work fine on my Windows PC.

I hope this helps. Good trading everyone!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   BN Levels v1.02.ex4

15 KB
|
255 downloads

Attached File(s)   SupplyAndDemand.ex4

57 KB
|
272 downloads

--- 帖子 #986 ---
An article from Investing.com written by Kathy Lien on the possible market reactions to new U.S Fed Chairman Jerome Powell's testimony before Congress tomorrow.
https://www.investing.com/analysis/3...-usd-200294386

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Good Monday,

EURUSD +41.4 pips

GBPJPY   +92.7 pips

Finish for today.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #989 ---
About 30 mins after US CPI data bought EU on H1 signal. Initial target is 1.24 but will exit manually if necessary. Let.s see how it goes
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Same view from M15
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #990 ---
EU not cooperating  I'm shocked LOL!! Added another long @ 1.2350. TP for both trades now 1.2374.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Nobody said it was easy! Finally out of that trade with + 25 pips. Had to look at MTFs to monitor this one. I'm not making excuses, but my "esteemed" President decided to fire his Sec of State during my trade. The nerve of some people, yeeesh!! But it turned out OK so I'll shut up. Of course, after my exit it went up further. Oh  well.......and so it goes. Take what the market will give and move on.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #992 ---
PA is taking a breather so I'd like to address a few things people have asked me about.

Please keep in mind that I am not am not a signal provider. I don't have a problem trying to help anyone who asks about trading, as in how to be more skillful at trading, or questions about how I use the Genesis signals. But please don't ask me my opinion on how a particular currency or currency pair might perform. I may have an opinion, but I don't know any more than you do about what the market is going to do. To quote realjumper from the original Genesis thread, which is kind of like a trading Bible to me, "Quite clearly, no one knows where the PA is going next and we are not going to make guesses at it. We trade the Genesis Matrix System, we do not make predictions." The other thing is, and it's probably better if I just flat out admit this in public, I am, without a doubt, the world's worst at predicting the future market direction. I am TERRIBLE at it. It is why I never get involved in those types of discussions here on FF, because I don't have a clue. I have the utmost respect for traders who consistently make accurate calls using whatever their analytic style is. I am slowly learning how to do this myself, but I am definitely not someone who should be advising other people where to invest their money for future profit. I am uncomfortable responding, because I would love to help, but, take it from me, there are a whole lot of people that are better at it than I and if you could refrain from asking those type of questions I'd appreciate it.

A question that I can help with, because I struggled with it myself (still do), is, "Many of the Genesis signals look the same, and sometimes there is strong movement and sometimes very little movement. How can I tell which signals to take, and which to ignore?" I'm going to suggest some practice. realjumper calls this IFR trading as opposed to VFR trading. This practice exercise helped me a lot. Please read https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...fr#post6015643 Post 4.139 and
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...27#post6215027 , Post 7,596,

or you could ust use your own charts, just delete the price bars /candles and the 5ema. Reading just the Genesis Matix and the stochastic signals (I would also, just for this exercise, delete ASCTrend 2 TF if you use it) mark the entries and exits that you think is a good signal. When you are finished turn on your price bars / candles and see how you did. If you are "stochastically challenged", as I was, or your entry and exit timing could use some fine tuning, please try this. You won't regret it. Below is an IFR trading practice example example and results of the sample exercise. I hope this helps to improve your skills.

IFR Sample exercise, Today's USDJPY M5 from London Open to about lunchtime in NY, which I did not trade today: Green lines are entries, marked (price bar Open), Red lines are exits, (marked price bar Close) Magenta dotted line is London Open, Gold dotted line is NY Open. I promise this was done with only Genesis Matrix and Stochastics.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

IFR sample result (tun on price bars)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

IFR practice result with Heiken Ashi
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

IFR practice result with full GMTS chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Interesting challenge

I think I may try this, I tried genesis around a year ago but could not profit ..

since then my price action skills have improved a lot and i'm doing well on tms ...but would like to master genesis tbh

I will definitely give this a go over the next few days or weekend. I don't expect i'll do well, but we'll see......

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Lower lows and lower highs, higher highs and higher lows work in any timeframe just not so many expected pip gain, but when I can sit in front of the computer I use genesis on 5m  And contrary to popular opinion its very good practise for trading any timeframe.  I think people might need 10,000 hours practise on h4 but nowhere near so long on 5m

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Glad to hear you're doing well with TMS. I tried TMS as well. I really don't know why, I just have had better success with GMTS. I'm not comparing which is better. I know a lot of traders who love that system, or at least the TDI indicator. Hey, if it helps you make money , use it.

Tell you what......I'll tell you what I (usually) do, or look for on GMTS. If you can do this on the IFR exercises you will be able to use GMTS effectively. How about You practice it for a bit as an IFR trading exercise, and let us know what you think?

I recommend doing this from London Open to London Close. If that is inconvenient, find the period of highest trading volume that is convenient for you. I live in Chicago. London opens at 2 a.m. and closes at 11a.m. New York opens at 7a.m. giving me 4 hours of overlapping volume. We can still trade after 11 a.m., but it's different, a little more subdued. Anyway, here's what I suggest:

Entries: (The most successful, the most profitable trades are trades that were entered in the BEGINNING of a trend, not the middle or end)

1) MTF stochastic breaking, or at the very least, touching, the 50 level from below for a buy, from above for a sell, with some space between the signal lines.

2) The current time frame stochastic heading in the same direction as the MTF stoch with some space between the signal lines. The current TF stich doesn't have to be above the 50 level, but it probably will be. Both stochastics should be relatively "healthy", not flat or at a "weak" angle, clean lines, not breaking up.

Exits: (A little more subjective, and a little trickier, but with practice you will start to see)

1) For the purposes of this exercise, just close when you feel the MTF stochastic exits the 80 or 20 zones, OR it crosses the 50 line in the opposite direction. You may see a sharp break in the signal line (not unlike the TDI indicator), but I would wait until you see the signal lines pinching together or crossing.

2) If both stochastics are above or below the 20 or 80 levels, wait for the MTF stoch to leave that zone, no matter what the current TF stochastic does.

3) The MTF stochastic has begun to travel in the opposite direction and Genesis begins to signal a new trend.
Note: For IFR practice, I purposely left out any references to ASCTrend indicators the 5ema, pivots, and/or round numbers.

Consider this chart:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Analysis
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's see the result
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Yes, we could argue that we could have exited and re-entered in several places on the chart. My point is, we often watch PA and get scared we're going to lose our money. I know I do. This practice takes away the added stress of price action, opens and closes above / below MAs, pivots, support and resistance, etc Just the indicators. If you can do this, you sure as heck can trade a full chart. OR, maybe you won't want to.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Great stuff there bobby, thank you!

I will fire up my PC later and have a go. I would like to use my laptop [which I normally use for trading] but it can't cope with much charts and also hangs a lot when first starting up mt4 ...and i'm already using tms charts on it so probably best i switch onto my pc which has less issues

--- 帖子 #997 ---
I can't seem to get the mtf stoc to work with the trading simulator, i've tried a few and they don't work

this happens....

which one are you using??

--- 帖子 #998 ---
This is posted just above the image on the IFR simulator post:

Edit: I just realised....the #mtf stoch may not run with the Trading Sim, so will have to run the standard M5 stoch on the M5 chart etc.....sorry.....I forgot about that.

RJ

On my trading charts I use MTF Stochastic 2.1., v2.0 doesn't work with MT4 Builds 600 and above, and I don't like the colored stochs. Some traders swear by them, I hate 'em, just preference that's all.
Attached File(s)   #MTF Stochastic v2.1.ex4

17 KB
|
189 downloads

Attached File(s)   #MTF Stochastic v2.1.mq4

9 KB
|
245 downloads

--- 帖子 #999 ---
ok i'll try your one.

I have MTF stochastic 2.0 ...and I can assure you it works on normal MT4 charts, [...but apparently not the trading simulator]

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Hmmm.......there was something different about the 2 versions. It was such a long time ago when we switched, I forget. Probably something to do with the input settings. But, anyway, I think RJ was saying none of the MTF stochs worked in the IFR simulator. I have no idea why. You could try using a standard current time frame stochastic with a 70,3,3 setting It will be similar to the MTF signal , or just forget the simulator and practice on your own charts.

Edit: I just took a look at MTF Stoch v2.0, The difference between versions 2.0 and 2.1 is for 2.0 you have to set the time period manually when you change your current time frame. v2.1 can be set for either manual adjustment or auto change. If I remember correctly, it's not just MTF Stoch that doesn't work on the trade simulators, I'm pretty sure it's the same for all MTF indicators.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Let's trade live together using only our "instruments". Bought GBPUSD @ 1.30461. Green lines indicate point of entry MTF stoch healthy and above 50 level, current TF stoch moving up. 2nd Genesis signal agrees. In on the 2nd signal Open. Now our job is to exit with a profit. This chart has no MAs, pivots, round numbers, or ASCTrend indicators. Just price bars
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Now both stochs are above the 80 level. Forget about the pip count for now. No big news event that I'm aware of. We're watching our indicators.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Price has receded. Current TF stoch starting to show downward movement. MTF stoch still up, but, there's a break in the line and it is no longer above the 80 level. As the song says, "Should I stay or should I go?" I will stay for now.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Price went down, bounced off my entry, heads back up. The MTF stoch is STILL abobe the 50 level. I am not paying much attention to the current TF stoch or the Matrix at the moment. That will come later.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Now the current TF stoch has turned up and the MTF stoch is no longer creossed, AND is STILL above the 50 level. Are we having fun yet?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
I exited at 1.30626. Again, forget about the pips. Why did I exit? Stochs are now headed in OPPOSITE directions. We're near an obvious Resistance level. Price looks to be conglomerating. Plus the Matrix was screaming at me that this one was all but over. My point of this is to show that pips can be made with the tools we have here and the edge they give us. Edit: Price eventually went higher, around 3085 after my exit. I'm OK with what I did because I did what I thought was in the best interest of the trade. Got the middle two thirds, so I'm OK

Didn't mean to monopolize the thread, just wanted to show what is possible. Have a great day everyone!!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Thank you for the live trade. I have been a lurker for awhile, had to join in order to say thank you. My trading has been suffering a lot lately, so I took your suggestion and traded without candles and looked at the trades I had taken without them and realized I get caught up in the up and down and don't see what's actually going on. I traded today, shortly before New York open to end of London, and ended with a small profit. So thank you from me and the other traders who lurk and read and keep trying to develop the self-discipline required to trade well.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
You're welcome. I'm glad it helped.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Nice trading Bobby, thanks for the examples!

I think perhaps I will need to do the no candle thing on a live market due to the mtf issue with the trading simulator

I am usually on the m30 charts and had mtf stocs up for many timeframes yesterday and noticed a few of your moves playing out. I entered on the later time frames a bit after the signal on a slight pullback that had me near the entry price, ....and on another pullback i got scared i was wrong on closed my order prematurely with about a pip to my sl. I ended up regretting it though as since then aud/usd has travelled a huge amount of pips in my favour

i have 3 m5 charts open with genesis right now and am looking for setups [i cant do any more as im still trying to monitor for m30 tms setups]

i have not seen any of your setups yet, but did see this one which i think might work?

H4 stoc OB

H1 stoc OB

m5 and m15 leaving oversold - BUY

edit decided to exit as the h1 stoc just closed red and m15 is close to overbought and red news is coming up...

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
wrong decision to exit that last trade, as the h4 and d1 was still up i should not have been scared by the h1 wobbling

anyways here's audusd

D1 Falling at nice angle [not shown on chart]

H4 OS

H1 pulled back from OB

H1 turned - SELL

trend resumes?

EDIT: GENESIS had not given the ok yet at my entry

edit: just noticed we are at major support level for the pair, will we bust through??

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
just took profits on this...., it did get through support

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Quote: kain775

EDIT: GENESIS had not given the ok yet at my entry

edit: just noticed we are at major support level for the pair, will we bust through??

"I always say that you could publish trading rules in the newspaper and no one would follow them. The key is consistency and discipline. Almost anybody can make up a list of rules that are 80 percent as good as what we taught people. What they couldn’t do is give them the confidence to stick to those rules even when things are going bad."
Richard Dennis

No signal from Genesis?....... Will it bust through? Who knows? Who cares? The most important point is why entered and where you exit.We don't predict. We enter on Genesis signals and exit on Genesis signals. ALL of the signals work together........ and Genesis did give you the entry signal.

Since this is a Genesis-continuation thread, which is the ONLY reason I come here, let's take a look at your trade on regular Genesis charts, not IFR practic charts.

I don't see an entry number, so I'm estimating it's around 1.69860. Even if it's not exact, it's close enough. Same trade on a Genesis chart below. What's the confusion?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Here's what I missed while I was posing above. MERCY!! That'll teach me.
Attached Image
Attached Image
Attached Image
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Trading before posting!  the gbpusd trade you show is exactly my trade for today

A very nice hint with the stoch below 50 exit! much to learn.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Hi arlucad. Always do what's best for you! Don't worry about what I'm doing. I'm just showing possibilities. Someone can look at the same picture and see something different. All I'm saying is don't over-complicate things. IMO it's not necessary. Congrats on the trade BTW, good to see!!

I don't think I would trade ONLY with MTF Stochastic. Personally I can do without ASCTrend sgnals IF I have that MTF Sochastic. But that's just me.

Consider these charts. Same currency pair and TF. Looking at each, where would you be prone enter and exit? Each has good points and not-so-good points. My own opinion is that Genesis Matrix WITH MTF Stochastc are very good together. And the Genesis rules are the same and, as always, more than a dab of Common Sense. To me, that MTF Stochastic is the adult in the room. Genesis says enter, MTF says no. Money saved. The other term that has been absent from our discussions is High Probability Trading (HPT), Genesis together with MTF Sochastic IMO gives us, at least a high probability that we've got a good chance of being correct at least in the direction.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Bought EU @ 1.22607 and Bought GU @ 1.39230
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Possible Round Number targets 1.2300 or EU and 1.39500 for GU  If one of these hits the target first, I'll probably exit both. It's Friday  there's about an hour and a half until the weeks's close, and I don't like rading the final hour on Friday.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
I'm out. I've had enough for today. They can screw around in a range like this for another hour.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
I probably won't do any more live trades here. (Did I hear applause?) I think I've shown more than enough live proof that pips can be made with Genesis.. You just have to dive in and do it. You may not like the way I trade. That's OK. "Find yourself, and trade that way." But I've heard all kinds of people call Genesis rubbish. It repaints, signals are late, it's no good in a range.......yada, yada, yada, all from people who don't know what the hell they're taking about. It works, period, end of story.

Again I apologize for monopolizing this thread. I'm also tired of posting with very little feedback. Hardly anyone posts here or indicates they even exist. Anyway, I hope all this helped someone. If it did it was worth it.

Have a great weekend everyone.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Kain,

it is not helpful to use all TFs to look for decision-making. You mostly will find contradictory trends. Trading the M5, it is not helpful to observe the daily trend. If you look at the original thread, you will find M5/M15 and M15/H1.

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
bobby,

great applause for your posts. Not only for the live-trades, but especially the instructional examples. You may say, these were the essentials of some hundred GMTS thread posts. Unfortunately still reality, for a lot of wannabes it is not enough to show a possible path to success. Have a great weekend too.

josch

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Josch, Thank You for the kind words. I sincerely appreciate it.

But don't be too hard on our fellow traders We can only show what is possible. Nothing is promised, and nobody or institution owes us a thing. Unfortunately it's a fact of life in general that everyone who wants to succeed at anything MUST go through what educators call "The Process" to understand what has usually been right in front of us the whole time. I'm sure I'm not alone in the fact of having tried out, literally, thousands of trading ideas, and each time thinking to myself, "This is The One." kind of like falling in love, only to realize......after some heartache, that it was not what it appeared to be. Next! Next! Next.....and on it goes. We become more cynical and bitter with every disappointment. It's all part of The Process. And here's the kicker....The Process NEVER ends. That's right. I said NEVER. The NIKE ads say "Never say never.", but in this case it's NEVER. Why? Because we can never know all there is to know about anything. When people seek perfection they will always be disappointed. It's only when we learn that being perfect is not what benefits us. It's the lessons we learn in seeking perfection that make us successful, not perfection itself. The good news is that part of The Process involves starting, at some point, to begin seeing more clearly what is true and what is not.

At some point in The Process we have to $h!t, or get off the pot. For non-native English speakers this means: Enough already!!! Time to stop screwing around!!! It's time to choose!!! At some point you have to trust something or somebody. Not everyone is out to screw you. After I had learned enough to start to see things a little more clearly, and having learned what kind of trader I wanted to be, I chose Genesis. Your Way is your choice. This thing we call The Genesis Matrix Trading System is not the only Way to trade successfully. It's one Way. I hope everyone here is able to get through The Process and find their Way.
Attached Image     Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hi bobby

yes you are right, this is a genesis thread so I should only be talking about genesis trades and not be rule breaking. One of my trades above [the eur/nzd trade] met the genesis rules but the aud/usd trade did not

it was just that when you talked about stocs you reminded me of a thread i stumbled upon a week ago where the thread author was talking about stoc trading but he did not explain it well and left many people baffled ...and after your stoc posts i became much less baffled, but your right i should be sticking to genesis here

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Also thanks for the trading examples bobby

even if i do not catch them live and had to see them later i appreciate that you went and posted them

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
I am noticing here that the m5 stoc looks overbought, but the m15 was at the 50

am I right in thinking it does not matter a huge deal if the m5 stoc is overbought, so long as the m15 stoc is at the 50 and looking healthy?

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Yes, pretty much. All I really want from the current time frame stochastic is agreement with the MTF stochastic and the Genesis signal on direction when I am entering.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
I spotted this in real time today but it wasn't a winner

did I do anything wrong?

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
read !!

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
1st of all, I mentioned earlier that if both stochastics are exiting OB or OS zones together at the same time, it's prudent to close the trade.

2nd, you were using the Stoch MTF indicator, which is colored. Why are you using it if you're going to ignore the signals? I don't use it, but if I did, it would be because I trust the signals. You were also using ASCTrend 2TF Matrix, another colored indicator, that had indicated a possible change in direction. The Genesis Matrix was also solid red. AND both stochastics were headed down.

And 3rd, this trade was taken near the end of the Asian Session, about 80 minutes before the London Open and 20 minutes before Frankfurt. Besides the period between Sydney Open and Tokyo Open, the last part of the Asian session is prime time for trading losses. Very little volume and with Tokyo screwing around before the Frankfurt Open which is one hour before London. This trading method is best used from London Open to London Close (IMO). Oh it will still work at other times, but the PROBABILITY of getting the desired results are diminished uring those trading sessions with diminished volume.

Below is your chart, one of my charts with your indicators, and last is chart I use to trade for real. You entered at #1 and exited at #3 which should have been a loss of about 4 pips. Had you exited at #2 when it was not looking good for price to continue up, you would have been out with no loss and maybe a pip for your troubles.

On my chart, the last one, I marked where I probably would have entered and exited. I don't trade this pair, but the Euro has been a pain in the butt to trade for a few days now.The entry and exit might be off a pip or 2, but no way that trade is a loss.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
hi, thanks for the feedback

I use mtf stocs because the other mtf stocs do not update the stoc until every 15 minutes has passed and i find it annoying not knowing where the stoc is currently pointing ...whilst on mtf coloured stoc it will show where it's pointing in yellow,

and ok, I must of interpreted you wrong earlier because I thought to close the trade when the mtf stoc crossed back against the 50

and my charts are gmt+3 ...it was 12:05 gmt when I saw that trade not asian session

ACStrend I'm not 100% sure how it works, I thought it might represent the m15 genesis ...but tbh i think i've seen differences with it from the m15

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
kain,

additional to bobby's post - what was your target?

You bought around 1.7053 and there was the daily R1 at 1.7081. S&R lines sometimes usable to have a look at, even you don't observe them. Price hit the resistance level, tested it, price stays there about 4 bars (20 minutes) before retracing down. I would put this trade on column winner, worst case BE, but not loser.

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
bobby,

wise words - really. My first purpose was to give you some support against mentioned being tired of very little feedback. Second mostly I'm tolerant to fellow traders. But I'm not with those, you describe as 'cynical and bitter', which don't quit, but remain on threads trolling around.

Regards

josch

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
I don't want to get in an argument over which indicators are better than others. It serves no purpose. If it benefits you, and you are comfortable with it, use it.

But, IF you are going to make trading decisions with them, it would be nice if you understood what they do and how to interpret what they show.

kiki215fr gave you a pdf. file to read (post 1,041). Did you read it? It will give you a better idea about using the MTF stochastic and ASCTred indicators than I can.  Maybe my examples weren't so clear.    Attached File(s)   5-15 Genesis System 2012-10-07 rev003_2.pdf

653 KB
|
380 downloads

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
I meant no disrespect josch. I sincerely apologize if you felt offended. I appreciate your participation and your opinions.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Hi, my intention was to stay in the trade until I saw a signal to get out like bobby has been showing us

I did not have a pip value in mind on this trade

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hi yes, i've read the pfd

no offence to the author, but I have found your posts more useful

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
OK. Here's a pic of a pair you like, EURNZD just a few minutes ago with what would have been my entry and exit. In this case I would not have waited for the MTF stoch to hit 50 because price looks to be consololidating, and the trend looks to be weakening, and both stochs are starting to change. If it is just a pull-back you can reenter later. But that's just me. You may see something I don't.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
that one turned out well

I took this on usd/jpy earlier,the vertical lines were my 2 entry points

I honestly think they were good entries [especially the second one]

In fact with the second one, i had a quick glace at my tdi indicators after taking this screenshot and it was the type of trade i would have took if running tms on m30 ..so i do think it was a good entry.

anyways about an hour later after taking this price just shot down in one price bar taking out my stops. there was no news coming either.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Today is an FOMC statement day. Price is going to be weird for like the next 6 hours. Sudden spikes for no apparent reason will be normal today, especially for USD pairs, at least till that statement is released. If you must trade, trade with caution.

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
GBPUSD + 25.6 pips

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Could have done a little better on the exit here. Oh well.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Nice trading - what is the blue line, an individual one (TP)?

josch

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
GU owed me some pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Bobby,

sorry, but wasn't understanding your analysis trigger selling the the AUD/USD.

josch

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
The Quarters Theory. Yes one TP

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
The current trend stochastic seemed poised to re-enter below 20, the MTF stochastic was still below 20, and Genesis gave me a signal. Plus, the trend was no-doubt down. Not much momentum, and was only looking for about 10 pips, till around .7700 Seemed like a good idea at the time but AU never went anywhere. No big deal.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Thank you - too much pages to have a fast and short look at the book now

Do you use this together with the GMTS?

josch

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Understood - thank you.

josch

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Well I was right.........eventually LOL!!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
+60 pips, all from after NY Open. I woke up late. Maybe I should sleep more and trade less  London closes soon. I haven't been very successful during the NY session after London closes, so I'm not going to push my luck. I'm finished trading for today. Hope everyone has a great day.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Sell USD/CAD at RN + DOL ...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

... what a pity ...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

also no follow through later.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
EURJPY I' am in

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
GBPJPY

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
EURJPY

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
@kiki215r

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Saturday afternoon in Chicago. Before starting to watch March Madness college B-Ball, did a little IFR practice with only the stochastics, no other signals. (It's what I do for fun every once in a while )

GBPUSD M5, Monday, March 12, 2018 (completely random choice, holding down the directional arrow on my keyboard). London Open to about 1 pm CDST (2 pm EDST)

No price bars, MAs, arrows, or candles, trades entered (green lines) and exited (red lines) using only the MTF and current time-frame stochastics for what is generally my normal trading day (if I can get my lazy kiester out of bed on time). I use the F12 key on my keyboard to advance the the chart tick-bytick, mark entries and exits, then just turn on the price bars to see how I did. I wonder if Milton-Bradley would be interested in mass-producing a game version the whole family could play together? Anyways, results are below.

IFR Stochastics Only Practice Chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Results
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Thats really great!

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Hi arlucad Thanks. Just practice. But it's really good practice for interpreting stochastics. It helps me. The best part is if you make a bad decision, it doesn't cost anything. And don't forget, it covered 11 hours of trading. (This practice only took about 20 minutes). Not many people are willing, or able, to do that on a daily basis. But about 20 pips were produced first half of London session, that's doable. And around 40 were produced during 6 hours after NY opened. That's doable.

LOL!! When I get some nerve up I might try live trading doing the same thing, just to satisfy my curiosity and see if it can be done in real-time. I know afew traders who blank iut their price-bars, but they trade H4 and above. I don't know if it's a good idea on M5, but there's only one way to find out.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Yea its so important to practice and your way is really cool

Hmm.. trading without bars would be very nice to do.

But for me i have to practice the genisis first  alot to read and alot to learn. Your Posts are very helpfull for me!

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
USDJPY 2 positions

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
2 trades on EJ, a buy and a sell. And one short on AU. The 2 sell trades on EJ and AU were at the same time.and I was targeting round numbers, +13 pips. The buy trade on EJ lasted a while. I just let it run. That one coughed up about 28 pips.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Long on EU from 1.23028. Think it'll go through the Daily Pivot (1.23093)? I don't know. This area is kind of a rough neighborhood. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
I decided to bail out at the pivot for about 6 pips.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Am I sorry I only got 6 pips? Nope. I'm happy. I made a good trading decision. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Is there any evidence that this system is profitable such as backtest?

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Read through the original thread, plenty of backtests and forward tests: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Yes, for e.g. this post.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Xaphod, an extremely talented coder and a veteran trader, addressed this issue in Sept., 2015

"The MT4 strategy tester does not support multi timeframe backtesting. Any results from such backtesting are likely to be flawed and useless. MT4 will be using the current data in the history for the higher timeframes and reading bar closes before they close, essentially using future data to trade at the current (simulated) time."

"The genesis matrix trading system is not a mechanical trading system. It relies quite a bit on the traders ability to read and interpret the stoch indicator, among other factors."

From me, not Xaphod: The original thread consists of 22,277 posts covering 1,114 pages over a period of almost 4 years. Hundreds of charts, examples, explanations, videos, statistics, live trading results, etc. Proof of profitability? Nah.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Original Genesis Matrix Trading System, page one:

"Who we are. ‘We’ are small group of traders who’s style of trading is similar. Most of us trade to put food on the table, so it is our only income. Where possible we will help you and we will post trades and charts. However, we are not going to hold your hand and walk you through trades because you are too lazy to read this thread!" ............."This is not a system for noobies to FX trading. Do not come here asking and/or expecting to be shown how to trade.....the experienced traders will not show you any mercy!! Instead, please go to babypips/school and do their course. It is free and it is extremely good. You will learn much there.(realjumper, Original thread, page 1)

I sincerely make an effort not to be negative towards new traders or traders new to the Genesis Matrix Trading System. But this thread, Genesis- continuation, is also for like-minded traders who have similar approaches to trading. We participated in the original thread or we studied it extensively after the thread was closed and locked. We use the Genesis Matrix Trading System as a tool to give us an edge when making trading decisions. We have some trading experience under our belt, have been through  hundreds (thousands?) of trading systems that promised us everything and delivered nothing. We have lost boatloads of hard-earned cash. Some of us have lost way, way more than cash. We learned the hard way how to spot who was blowing smoke up our behinds, and who was real. In the process we learned that even if a serious trader claimed to be profitable trading a particular way, that didn't necessarily mean we would too. We are very serious about our trading, and for some of us it is our sole source of income. We use Genesis because we tried it, made it compatible with the trading skills we already had, liked what we saw, and now we trust it. That is who WE are.

We are not here to prove anything to anyone. We are not trying to recruit people, disprove other trading methods, make converts, sell anything, make a name for ourselves, or change anyone's mind. We are also not here to teach basic trading skills. If you want to use Genesis then use it. If you don't then don't. Either way is fine with us. But if you feel like Genesis might fit into your trading plans, do your own due diligence. Take the time to study everything that is freely available for yourself. Please don't come here asking questions when you obviously have made less than zero effort to educate yourself first.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Speaking of the stochastic (and pivots)  Have you checked these out?

Stochastic Trading explanation posted here by RJ
Stochastic Trading Movie posted here by RJ
Stochastic Indicator (more info) posted here by Oliverforex
Stochastic Divergence info posted here by RJ
Stochastic Question answer posted here by RJ
Stochastic Interpretation with clarity posted here by jjre65
How to add M15 and M5 Stochastic to the same chart posted here by Cody
An explanation and information on Pivots posted here by wiz3003

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
This is some practice I did this morning. EURUSD M5 charts, March, 2018,  London Open to London Close. ASCtrend, pivots,  and round numbers deleted. Practiced entries and exits using Genesis Matrix, current TF and MTF stochastics along with Heiken Ashi and the 5ema. Solid green lines are entries on that candle's open. Solid red lines are exits on that candle's close. Generally, I will not enter trades immediately after a large spike. I mostly leave those alone no matter what the indicators say.

For  entry set-ups I was looking for : 1) Genesis first signal, 2) Stochastics beginning to go in the same direction OR current TF stochastic is  reversing and returning to the MTF after leaving the MTF earlier. (IMO the MTF stoch always takes precedence.) and 3) Of course I want to see candles closing above / below the 5ema. (It is VERY rare to not see that on a full Genesis signal.)

Assuming I like what I see from the stochastics and the matrix, entry trigger is the 2nd Genesis signal on that candle's open.

During the trade I am watching the stochastics. If the current TF stoch heads off on its own but the MTF stochastic deos not also turn, generally I'll stay in the trade. A change in direction of the faster stochastic will concern me, but if it reverses course before the MTF stoch starts following it, I'll hang on.

Main exit strategy: Both stochastics turn at the same time AND the candle closes opposite my direction AND (optional) if one or more of the matrix panels changes color, it definitely has my attention. Sometimes I'll exit just because I'm getting a feeling that the move is exhausted. Maybe the candles are shrinking and going sideways, or the HA keeps changing color, or I just feel the attempt to get a few more pips isn't worth the risk. Some of those final trend-ending candles can be expensive!!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Mind sharing this template? Like your overlap of both stochs in a single frame, well done bobby2.

Seems you've simplified your setups with less indicators focusing mostly on stochastics. Any particular reason why you not using ASCTrend, or the (ASCTrend) MTF Arrow? Or you using it live (just not on practice charts) ? And if so, are results showing more profits on practice or live trading?

Been silently following your latest posts, please keep up the excellent practice examples and live trades.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
You obviously didn't read main thread.

From post #1:

How to add M15 and M5 Stochastic to the same chart posted here by Cody.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Hi aguarella, here is the template you asked for  Attached File(s)   Genesis Stoch PA practice chart.tpl

354 KB
|
247 downloads

For practice I sometimes try to eliminate things on my charts just to see how I do without them. This kind of practice has enabled me to see my charts with a different perspective. You know about the "too many shiny objects" thing, right? They can be distracting.

Many Genesis traders put both stochs in one window simply to save chart space. For others it's a visual perception thing (which is difficult to explain in text) Originally the set-up was 2 windows, till we discovered we could just copy and paste or just drag one onto the the other. I used 2 windows in earlier posts here because it's easier for new traders to visualize how they work together.

This is the template that I normally use for live trading.  Attached File(s)   My Genesis.tpl

394 KB
|
326 downloads

This chart has ASCTrend 2TF Matrix under the Genesis Matrix but it is hidden. It also has FXI Pivots, BN Levels v1.02 (round numbers), and Auto SL and TS, which is a simple trade manager. I don't use the trailing stop but I use the TP, set at 6 pips for narrow, ranging markets. The marked sessions on the charts are Frankfurt Open(Europe), London Open, New York Open and London Close.

To answer your question about ASCTrend: Like I said, it's there on my live charts. But ASCTrend (arrows or matrix) were never meant to be used as a trade set-up or entry trigger tool. It's really there to give the trader some confirmation after the initial entry. It's there. Once in a while I peek at it, but I don't use it or depended on it to enter or exit. I used to, and I didn't do well. Others may have better results than I. Always do what's best for you. As for the arrows, I just don't like arrows on my charts. My main focus is on the stochastics and the matrix.

As for results, actually the biggest difference for me has been more confidence in letting winners run. So in that respect I am seeing larger pip totals when there is a strong run. But that happens so rarely that most of the time things are pretty much the same. The other thing is, when I'm watching the ASCTrend matrix, I often entered late because I was using it for entry criteria. Now I mainly look at it for exit confirmation.

I hope I answered your questions. If there is anything else, let me know.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
I have been reading this thread and demo trading for the last week and decided to follow this thread. The entries are usually quite refined but I feel that we need a bit of tweaking on the exit(both tp and sl).

I'd like to invite everyone to share their exit strategy in terms of tp and sl if possible and I would like to experiment with them over the next weeks.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Here is the zip file for the charts I use. Auto SL and TS goes in the MLQ4/ Experts folder.  Attached File(s)   My Genesis.zip

344 KB
|
637 downloads

If you have any questions, please ask.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
You can create any TF Stochastic as you wish people, using Stoch-MTF-AnyTF from this post.

Attached Image

GMTS-Matrix-AnyTF is also below there.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
USDCHF M5 Long @ .9576 5 min before NY open. News coming in in 35 min. Full matrix, both stochs headed up. No TP. Stoh will tell me my exit. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After NY open price drops, HA red, still above 5ema, no change in stocs or matrix. Round number at 9575.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price below, 5 ema and round number, 5 min stoch curling down, small break in MTF stoch. Watching closely but still long.

10 min before news and MTF stoch has not crossed yet.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Good morning,

be careful today - DJT's harsh tweets ref. Syria let Gold & Crude pop, USD down.

Bobby, great practice examples - thank you for this work!

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Price went down only anout 6 pips on news, EUR pairs signaling sells, stochs comming back around. Still wary of Trump announcing military action. Watching closely. Now have a 6 pip TP.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
It might go, it might not. Stochs and matrix say yes, Euro pairs mostly all now at support lines. This matters.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Now 35 min after news. FOMC statements later, expect ranging market till then. 6 pip TP still in play.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Moved PT to just under Daily R1, but may exit manually. I don't like the PA, lotta spikes both ways. Also watching EU which keeps bouncing off 1.2275
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
I exited with a couple pips. The PA made me nervous. No harm done. LOL!! Now price is going up again....and down again....oh well. Just wanted to give some example of how I generally think during a trade.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Took a losing trade today. Any comments? Did I make any mistake or is it just a losing trade anyway?

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
zxh1828,

1st look it was a trade with some positive points to execute.

2nd look, I would mention:

- looking at the ASC M15 (you look at stochastic M15, but don't have ASC on screen), it was still white,

- it was the hour between FRA and LON open, sometimes there are simply reasonless reversals

- looking at s/r levels, price went to YH and then reversed, you executed into the last upmove.

But as always, behind the trade mostly it's all absolutely clear.

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
First of all, thanks for posting your chart. IMO, I see 2 technical mistakes in regards to Genesis trading, and possibly a 3rd general trading error.

1) It's not recommended to enter on the 1st matrix signal. If you see a 1st signal wait for the open of the following candle. If the matrix gives the same signal, AND both stochastics are still going your way, AND you have a Heiken Ashi candle that agrees with direction opening above or below the 5 ema, AND there is some space between S&R lines to make the trade worth your while, AND (if you use a SL) the SL is not too far away to make the trade cost-prohibitive,

Which brings us to:

2) While it's true the M5 stoch was indeed headed lower, look at the MTF stochastic. I hope you didn't enter that trade just because that thing turned red. But I'd like to call your attention to the direction of both stochastics. Yeah, the faster stoch moved down, but what did the MTF stoch do? Almost nothing. It changed to blue, but it remained just where it was. Then the faster stoch returned to the MTF stoch and then they went down together, which is what you want, giving you a fantastic trade.

The 3rd possible error is related to number 2. Look at the chart below which coincides with your trade. I'm talking about the trend. You entered a sell trade during an up trend. That in itself does not guarantee a loss, but it lowers the probability of a profitable trade.

Hope this helps.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
I"m always careful josch  Always good advice. Thank you for the kind words and your continued support. It's sincerely appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Seems you went in before candle close?

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
I (tried to) enter on the open of the the 2nd Genesis signal (marked 2018,04,11 14:55:46). My entry was 0.05760. The open was 0.05756. Previous candle closed at 0.95755.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
A practice exercise following bobby2 entry & exit set-ups, have I made any mistakes ? Suggestions? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Yes. The current trend for that day was upward, see H4 and D1 charts. The PA tried to break through y's high all day long, and failed. Never made past D-R1. So no trading EURUSD that day. That simple.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
[quote=aguarella;10963839]A practice exercise following bobby2 entry & exit set-ups, have I made any mistakes ? Suggestions? Thanks  {image}[/quote

If you did this practice tick-by-tick I woudn't change a thing. I think you did a great job. You didn't post the pip total, but it looks to me to be about 25 pips. Nobody ever went broke taking profits. On this day EU was ranging, no big runs, but you still made money. Did you feel comfortable trading that way?

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
I see 2 problems here:

1) Genesis ignores the relationship between higher and lower timeframes! That is weakest aspect of this system. Commonly your trade has been made in accordance with higher TF (H4, as I see). And the second problem evaluates from this circumstance:

2) Your stop loss is very tight for H4 trading. One-two hours after your SL was hit, market reversed in your direction, in accordance with H4 trend.

I have arranged Genesis with "three screen" principle, so I can see market situation overall (I use D1-H1-M5 TFs). Beside of this, "three screen" view helps me to see when market is ranging on H1 or H4. You have to understand, that if market is ranging on H1 or H4 - Genesis will drain your depo.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Why? H4 TF said EJ should go up at this time.

Take a look at M15 Stoch. Take a look at M15 chart with Genesis system aplied.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Some retrace begun at this time. Stoch H4 was showing that. Wave up was finished and weaked.

And 132.41 level, established at march, 13-th, was touched and it could not be run through without any retrace or ranging.

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
H4 Stoch was barely moving downwards all day long, just fluctuations, no momentum in this movement.

All the rest can not be treated as a confirmation of a high probability trade, the PA was just ranging between y's high and DP.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
H4 Stoch "fluctuations" could save SL in this trade and give some green pips. You can't ignore H4 Stoch "fluctuations"  when you trade M5-M15. But this one is up to you. I have answered to other member, ok?

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Thanks everyone for helping me! Your comments are very helpful. I have done some practice and really need a bit more help to get the hang of it. In the screenshot I identified 6 possible trades, if you have time, can you teach me which of these trades you think are good and which are bad and the reason why you think so?

For me, I think they are all good trades with both m5 pointing in the right way and good slope and seperation on m15 stoch, except #2 which does not have a very good m15 stoch.

Also, for the result, #1, #2, #4 and #6 turn out to be losing trade if the exit is on the turning of m15 stoch.

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Hi zxh1828. Could you do me a favor? Could you list, in order, your rules for entry? Just entry, not exits. I'm having a hard time seeing what it is you are doing.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
My rules for entry:

1. At the start of the bar, matrix color lines up

2. m5 and m15 stoch point in the correct direction

3. m15 crossed over and shows good separation between fast and slow

Except #2, all the entries are in line with these rules

I do not use the asctrend for entry, I only use it for exit.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
I think you just need more time watching your charts. I've already shown many examples, live and off-market, explaining my ideas in reading Genesis charts. I don't know how to explain it any better. It does take some time to learn. I have a feeling you are just looking at stoch crossings up or down. Take a look at the slopes and where they started from. If the fast stoch is already above 80 or below 20 when the MTF stoch is just starting to head that way, chances are it won't go far. Look at your charts, see where price is in relation to the stochastic actions. Remambeer what you see because it WILL happen again OFTEN

Trades #1 and 2 were  "no trades" Trade #1 was actually a decent exit point for anyone who caught the Bull Run I marked and hadn't exited yet. Trade 2 the MTF stoch is flat and the M5 stoch is all over the place.

Trade #3 didn't produce a lot of pips (0-15, depending on exit), but IMO was a good entry.

Trade #4 was also a "no trade", the stochs weren't even close to moving in the same direction.

Trade #5 as worth 30-45 pips so no problem there.

Trade #6 is exactly the same as Trade #4

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Thanks for helping. Can you specify why you say that for trade #4, the stochs are not even close to moving in the same direction? As far as I am concerned, both green and red m15 stochs are moving up and they are moving exactly in the same direction and the same is true for m5 stochs.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
#s 4 and 6 are pullbacks If you take pullback entries, expect to not be in the trade for only a short time and exit with the faster stochastic. These trades are against the trend and ca change quickly. Eventually the faster stoch probably returns to the main trend (MTF stoch) most of the time. IMO, if I've entered on a pullback, then the faster stochastic is the exit signal, unless things change before the trade is over.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
I just read through your earlier posts again. I assume that by "bear run" you refer to m15 stoch <50, is that correct?

So, #1, 4, 6 are against the trend(m15 not on the right side of 50 line). #2 is with the trend but the m15 stoch is flat and #3, #5 are good entries.

Is my understanding correct?

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Just doing a bit of IFR to hone in those skills  was just asking for you help/validation to make sure I got my entries right, since they're more mechanical than exits. Although it's a totally diff ball game to trade live and see the market unfold, it's still good practice. Picked that ranging day to see how far could Genesis take us... would change some of my exits now that i've taken another look at that chart, but still in profit (...amazing!!).

Can't say as of yet if this is something i'll be comfortable with in the long run but so far so good.

TODAY

Kept a closer eye on the market today and all seemed textbook.

SECOND TRADE : the USDCHF 15min stoch was getting ready for a bounce down (going way up to OB territory and price barely moving) / hint for a move up on EURUSD = hence my second entry. Market needed a little breather (open of NY session was coming right up...) and I got out negative when the fast M15 stoch turned and price went against me, but happy with my trading decisions. Possible re-entry right after but I was done for the day.

Anyone else taking hints from correlated pairs for entries ?

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Anyone have Genesis Matrix Trading indicator for Metatrader 5?

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Yeah, I got caught up in that pullback too, but made around 18 pips on the next signal when it continued up.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
A "bull run" or "bear run" has nothing to do with a stochastics indicator. None at all. But we can use our indicators to try and spot them. I marked a bunch of charts to show you what I see when I'm trading. For YOUR trading, if YOU can't see it, it doesn't matter what I see. What do you see!?

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Yeah, and exits too.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
I sent you a PM

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
PT hit. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Can EU get to .2350? Or S1 around 2344? Hmmm.....we'll see. PA very jumpy today. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Went to 2351 (so far), out around 2353, +15  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
In hindsight, it looks like I could have stayed for an extra 18 pips. It's an ongoing debate with myself on whether or not to use predetermined targets like pivots and round numbers. I put them on the charts today because PA was not showing any direction and I was looking for reference points in the event of a decent entry signal. Today I didn't trust my indicators enough because I was scared of sudden, violent spikes in the opposite direction. I exited out of fear and that is  not a good way to trade. I should be thankful for what I got though.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
EU Re-test of the Daily Pivot. Will it bust past towards 1.2200? Hell if I know.Wathing the MTF stoch now.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Exited below the Pivot. Ranging before ECB news.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Hi, thanks for your support on the EUR/USD thread, Bobby!

I "overheard" you're talking about pivots and small targets here...

I don't want to bother or disturb your system line here, but I just want to show the weekly Fibo pivots impact, maybe you will find them interesting, helpful...

See the impact on M15, intersting ...I use them for my small target scalping

Good luck, and keep it up your good work!

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Hi Tudor, as far as I'm concerned you're always welcome here. I respect what you do and often check out your analysis. Yeah, the Daily pivot I've got is exactly the same as your weekly S78, 1.21863, and from the looks of things it's holding as current resistance. For now. We both know anything can happen at any time. and I have no idea what happens next. I have my opinions, but what I think usually doesn't mean a thing. The only boss I have is The Market, and she loves to surprise me.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Trying again, this time a straight 6 pip target. I know ASCTrend isn't on board, but right now I'm trading the stochs and the matrix. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Target hit
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Sold EU for RN target, (1.2075) and 6 pips. It's just ahead of NY open and I have no idea what will happen when those guys start screwwing around, so I hit and ran.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
S1 line (lower yellow line) is 1.2063 on my charts. NY Open candle low was 1.20636 and the lows of the next 2 candles were 1.20635 and 1.20653 respectively. It nevInserter hit the S1 target and is now returning to 1.2075. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And BAM! 1.2075 is hit again. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
In a little early before the last USD news, but it worked out. No PT, I'll pass on the RN tgt this time and let the stochs take me out. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
A couple of EU trades this morning. Apologize for not posting much lately. My Dad has been sick lately and I'm spending a lot of time talking to doctors and hanging around the hospital. Hope everyone has a great trading day and a nice weekend.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
bobby,

sorry to hear about your Dad. Hope he will recover soon.

josch

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Thanks josch, appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
hi, what is the indicator with arrow on main chart ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
The yellow and Magenta arrows are either ASCTrendi or ASCTrendi-Alert. They're both the same indicator and perform the same function, to show where the trend on the current time-frame may be changing, but ASCTrendi-Alert allows pop-up text messages and sound alerts. ASCTrendi must be in your MT4 Navigator folder for ASCTrendi-Alerts to work. You don't need both on your chart, but both must be in Navigator for the Alerts to work.

The other set of yellow and magenta arrows that you may see on some Genesis charts (in a group of 3 on M5 time-frame) is MTF Arrow 3.00nmc. This indicator shows where the trend on the next highest time-frame may be changing. 3 arrows appear on M5 TF because the next highest TF is M15, one arrow for every 5 minutes inside of 15 minutes. This indicator changes less frequently. It only changes when the longer TF trend changes.

Some Genesis traders use the ASTrend-Matrix 2TF, which shows both trends in a matrix-style box in a sub-window below the chart. This also has alerts. 3TF and 4TF matrixes are also available for those who feel the need to have them.

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Hi.

I see you shared the quarters theory indicator. Do you by any chance have the other indicators for the MM4X software that you are willing to share?

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Why don't you PM kiki or put a shout on her profile page? This is a Genesis thread.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
My Apologies. Will do so. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Now in EU long trade from 1.17427. 1st target of 1.17500 has been hit and price has pulled back. I'm going to hang in there and seee if it breaks past 1.75. A little dicey at the moment. MTF stoch is still good, M5 stoch is leaving the MTF stoch. If the MTF stoch stays above 80, the M5 stoch will return to the MTF stoch, OR the MTF stoch will join the M5 stoch down. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Price had closed, and opened, below the 5 ema, but the MTF stoch hasn't left the 80 zone and the M5 stoch has begun to return up. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Ok, we're past the 1.1750 mark and both stochs are above 80 together.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
We're in a strong S&R zone but still in the trade.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Exited at 1.17555 for 12.8 pips. Price and candles getting weaker and stochs starting to leave the zone. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Now price has returned to the 1.2750 line, and is below it, the matrix no longer agrees, and both stoch are looking down. MTF stoch has ot yet left the 80 zone, but the M5 stoch is below 50, not good for longs. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
MTF stoch is still inside the 80 zone, while the M5 stoch goes off on its own. Price has not followed. Looks like a pullback, not a reversal. Time will tell.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Watching for re-entry signal. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Re-entry at 1.759.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Maybe 1.17750. 8 minutes till NY Open Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
NY Open, price approaching yesterday's S1 line. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
22 minutes after NY Open still long. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Exited at 1.17679 for 8.9 pips.Price kept dropping when it was near yesterday's S1 and I didn't expect it to go much higher now. IMO, its not worth a few extra pips to possibly negate the whole trade Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
And, of course it went to 1.1775 a few bars later. Oh well. I'm out for today Green pips to all Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
I know there are other traders trading the Genesis Matrix Trading System. It would be nice if at least a few of you would post your trades, charts, questions, comments, etc. I feel like I'm posting to myself. C'mon, I know you're out there.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
But you are such a good presenter. It`` a pleasure to follow you.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
It's very nice of you to say, and I appreciate it, but it might be more interesting if there were some input from others.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
I am a silent follower myself, dropping by often ...but I really wish to have more time study this interesting system

GL, nice people!

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Hi Tudor, thanks for stopping by. BTY!

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
hello bobby2, sorry for become silent trader. i use genesis too. i will post later hehehe

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is my chart looks like. i'm always use 1H chart for my main strategy. you can see my EUR/USD trade explorer for the result.

i explain rules of my trading later

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Hello guys, i use GMTS too but I dont have time to posting here, i hope it will change when i finish a few importan things in my live. Respect for bobby2 for your work man.

Green pips for All

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
yeah, almost same with me. i'm open chart every one hour then continue my life.

This is my position today and i hope can go to 1.1655 or if gmts show all blue again, i will buy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU chart. if not break this 1.3349 maybe can go up to 1.3404.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Nice trades rahadian. Thanks for posting Took a quick short on M5 for 16 pips on EU. Round number target. It headed for S2 (1.16609), but so far only made it to 1.16620. Right now price is at .1670ish. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
.....and back above .1675 it goes. Right now the stochs are saying pullback, but time will tell.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
update this one close +50pips tp

but this fucking one, close +1pips. thats spike before go down make me stopout +1pips if not stopped +50pips for sure. Sometimes i really hate trailing stop

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
nc trades too sir. can you share that market session indicator ? hehehehe

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
I'm not crazy about TS either. But after 20-30 pips profit it might make sense if you take half, or at least a portion of your profit and then trail it.

As for that spike, I know you don't like it, but it could have been worse. Your account is still intact and that's what counts. Here's my view of GU on M5. I don't see a signal. Very indecisive right now. Same on EU. DAX is doing the "Friday Jig" Also remember that in about 20 minutes BOE's Carney amd Fed's Powell speak at the same time LOL!! That should be interesting!! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Sure, here you go Attached File(s)   Market_Open_Lines c.ex4

7 KB
|
262 downloads

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
EU and GU both at support ahead of Powell and Carney speeches. Notice the MTF stoch on GU? Never made it out of Bear territory and is crossing down. Continuatio possible. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
No immediate reation to the yappers. So, I guess we soldier on. I'm short on GU at 1.33299. Price is currently at 1.3324ish. Also watch out for Univ. of Michigan economic data release in about 30 minutes. It's medium and low impact, but the market often reacts to them.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
"I'm short on GU at 1.33299. Price is currently at 1.3324ish." (about 10 min. ago)

GU short exit at 1.33147 for about 15 pips. EU also had a short signal, but IMO GU looked stronger. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
yeah, already +30pips before thats why i move my SL to +1. if i take half so easy to get stopout i think *im always use fix tp sl 50:25pips, and trail 30pips (for GU SL 30pips).

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
nc one. i have short signal at 1h usdjpy. but late entry then better skip it.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
M5 stochs are headed in opposite directions for now. Not saying you're wrong. I'm not predicting. But this could turn out either way.  I hope you're right. Good luck.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
London is closed. It's a 3-day weekend in the US. (Monday is Memorial Day). I'm rather fond of the 30 pips I made after waking up 3 hours late into the London session and I would like to keep them for a while. So I'm probably finished for the day / week unless I see something that screams "Free money!!"  If you're still trading, I wish you green pips. Whatever your plans are, and no matter where you hang your hat, I hope everyone. has a fun, and safe, weekend. Cheers!!!

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Excuse me for asking, but do know how to take partial profit on MT4? It doesn't do anything to your entry price or change your lot size. Once entry is made, no one, not even your broker, can change your lot size or entry price All taking partial profit does is put some of the funds you have made so far from your present trade into your trading account increasing Balance and available funds for trading.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good afternoon guys, hope you all profit today.

This is my position today EU TP @1,16271

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
yeah, i got SL because gap at opening price

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Nice remark, Pablo!

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Nice trade. Took a small short @ 1.1635 -1.1625, RN tgt, for a quick 10 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
finally TP +50pips

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
@ rahadian,   I toook another small short for +7.5 pips. I'm cautious today because of the UK and US bank holidays, but so far market has been smoother PA than I expected. Still wary though. I'm in no hurry.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
nc trade. i can't trade small timefrime like that hahaha

btw how to screenshot chart like that. its show position that you're already close

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Thanks. To show past trades, on MT4 just click on your Account History tab, right clik on the history indow, click Custom Period, input the date(s)of the trades you want to show then just point your mouse on the trade, hold down the right button on your mouse and drag it to your chart. It should show up. I heard there is a way to make your trades appear automatically after they're closed, but I just do them one at a time. if you have any problems let me know.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Have your euro chart opened. Now open Terminal window. Click on 'Account History' tab. Find your trade. Now put your cursor over the order number of your trade and drag it on the chart. You will see entry and exit with the line same as on bobby2's chart.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Thank you guys for the answer

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Bought EU @ 1.16284. Initial tgy is 1.16430.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Waiting, waiting LOL!!
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Still long from 16384, but eliminated TP. I'll let PA or MTF stoch decide. About +2.5 pips right now. I've got a pretty good signal on the matrix, the stochs, and a riding MA, but the candles are wea and we'ere barely above S1 Daily Resistance. Volume is terrible. If it doesn't break out soon I might just say it's not worth the bother.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Still in. Now almost 90 mins since Sydney opened. EU owes me some pips for my time

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Very nice day for me

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+50pips EU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+50pips UJ from yesterday open and i miss sell opportunity this morning at asia session. i can get 50pips more

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU 2 sell TP +100pips

1 buy SL -30pips

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Hot day on London session !  Bobby is on the NY side I guess...

Don't wait anymore, Bobby!

We have a mini-crash on FX !

I love that Jungle Book spleen waiting scene!

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
No worries. I bailed in time, -.2 pips  about 2 hrs before Frankie opened. Then I fell asleep and just woke to see all those short pips  LOL!! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
I've nailed a huge bunch of green pips on that mini-crash since yesterday

...but I should have let it run for more ...I could have doubled account

Good pip hunting, guys!

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Good for you Tudor  EU owes me about 15 pips from yesterday and I'm gonna make her pay up

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
She finally paid.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Short scalps this morning. White line at the top is Daily R1.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
About an hour before USD ADP Farm Payroll. Woke up late...again... and missed London Open. But +27 pips so far this morning, so now I'll probably wait till after the news. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Finished for today. +61 pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
nc one bobby2, i'm not open position since yesterday. no correction @h1 = no open

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Yeah, I know. I finally woke up in time for London, and since Frankie open I'm not seeing anything yet. Looks like this bull run on EU may end soon, but not quite yet.

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
2 EU long scalp entries on stoch movement +22 pips  May not be finished yet, but I hit my target. No complaints.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Went long @ 1.16908. If MTF stoch follows the M5 stoch up were in good shape if not, it might be worth 10 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
If it breaks 1.17.....yipee!! If not, .....oh well.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Wound up taking 10. So far NOT a reversal, so far it's a pullback.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
My weekly pip target is 200 pips. Right now I'm 52 pips from my target. My prime goal is to hit that target with what I would call sustainable consistency. I'll accept 150 pips per week adg. 30 / day), but my goal is 200. It looks doable this week. I used to keep track of account statistics, but I became too focused on the stats and it affected my trading decisions, like an athlete watching the scoreboard instead of doing his job and playing the game. But right now I'd guess I probably hit the 130 mark 65-70 percent of the time, with 200 pips being more like 30-40 percent. I'm working on raising that percentage. If I can do that I'll be very happy. 3 30 pipdays and 2 60 pip days would give tou 210, with some of those pips paying the commission,  I think it's doable. Not super-easy, but doable.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Some traders watching this thread, and I know you're out there, might be thinking, "Bobby missed out on about 20 pips total on 2 of those trades he took today. 2 or 3 times price blew right past those round number targets of his. If he'd not exited so early, he'd be up 60 pips instead of 40." And, of course you'd be correct. One of the lessons I've learned (I hope ) , not only from trading but life in general, being greedy is bad. I won't expound on that thought, we all know what it means. In the original Genesis thread we learned 2 important mindsets, 1) we aim for SOME / MOST of the trend, not ALL from top to bottom, and 2) we are always looking at the PROBABILITY of what MAY occur on our charts. The probability of price hitting the NEXT round number, S&R area, or pivot line is usually higher than price hitting the one after it. It may, and today it did it 3 or 4 times. But in the long run the probability is lower. I don't have a clue when price is going to turn, or some joker with tons of cash and an algorithm decides to have a bit of fun, or one of our esteemed statesmen from around the world decides they crave attention, etc........

My job is to find and keep pips and manage my account responsibly. That's it. I'm not competing with anyone. I am simply searching for opportunities that have a high probability of producing SOME profit. Yes I have a target. Yes I want lots and lots of pips. What I want and what I get are often 2 different things. But I am always thankful for what I do manage to get and keep, and rarely complain about what might have been. I have a healthy respect for "The Law of Diminishing Returns" and "Murphy's Law" both of which are ever present in the markets.

I sometimes post my charts and trades so others can see what is possible, plus nobody else posts here and it's positive reinforcement for me. Keeps me honest so to speak. Are there better traders than me? You bet your sweet bippy there are are. But I'm not half-bad if I say so myself. I trade for me alone. I'm not looking to be famous or seeking attention, and the only score I keep is between me and the IRS.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
It all adds up  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
nc one. i got stoploss selling GU a few minutes ago hahaha

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Thanks rahadian. Your SL hit beause of news? 'Cause GU is about 25 pips short from this hourly open. For now it appears to be just a pullback.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
London closes in about 25 mins. A bunch of speakers yappin' after that. Tomorrow will be an NFP day. Let's all be careful out there. I need about 26 pips fo hit 200 for the week. I'm going to call it a day. No losses today and I'm steppin' away till later. As I wrote this, EU popped up 40 pips with no warning. Glad I'm out. Good trading everyone.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
i read this pdf,its quite complicated,is someone using this method and has benefit ,then I spend time reading it like a bible,because it takes fib and wave theory as well.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Looking for 6 pips each on 2 longs on EU @ 1707 and 1708 NFP later, just scalping a bit with low exposure till after news.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Bought again at the bottom of the dip @ 1702.  TPs eliminated for all 3 longs. My view o M1. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
bobby I have been a fan of genesis and mtf sto,please would you explain me how do you use quarterly trade indictor,what do these dotted lines of different colors indicate, thanks for your support.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Bobby do not use quarterly trade indicator,It is personal for my trades and you can put Round Numbers if you want.

Go in Internet to learn how Quarter theorie works.

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
I do use round numbers though.You uploaded pdf of quarterly trades,it is complicated and has more than 200 pages,if u r using it,can u plz explain me briefly how do u use these differ colors dotted lines,i have seen they are quarters.are thse take profit zones?

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
I send you private message.

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
kiki215 is correct. I haven't been using the Quarterly targets. If I use targets I use support and resistance areas, round numbers, or pivots. I don't know enough about the Quarterly theory to comment about it. It looks interesting but I would have to study it further.

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
thanks kiki for the guidance,Bobby I suggest you to watch you tube videos on quarter trading by yen trader guy,it is all about PA and how it stops or reverses on quarter numbers,its interesting,gives good understanding of better entry and exits.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

hello everyone, after got bad result last week because NFP *seriously i hate NFP

Finally today can recover all my loss last week  +50pips EU

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Well done, buddy!

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
thank you

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
I'm out with a not-too-shabby day. Some Genesis trades, some fundies, some just knowin' what I know. Have a great day everyone. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Quick 6 pips short on EU to the S2 line.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Current UCad long RN target
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Same UCad long,  entry = 1.17442. price immediately turned down. This is against the M5 and M15 trends according to ASCtrend indie. Orice is now hovering below Daily R1 AND RN 1.3000. MTF stoch has turne up. M5 stoch has turned down. D1, H4 and H1 trend is up. MM's looking for SLs? Maybe. I don't know. I'll buy som more on the the next signal. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Too another 6 on an EU long. Buying again for 6 pip t Attached Image (click to enlarge)

gt.

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
EU long tgt hit +18 on EU so far. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Bought UCad again at 1.29757 just above RN and DP. Changed both tgts to 1.3002. I'll take a 6 pip loss on the 1st long, and gain 25  pips on the 2nd trade. This trade is high risk and I don't recommend anybody copying it. Only 50-50 chance of success. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
nc trade bobby2, its look like you have high winrate

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

this is my trade GU today, miss 1 pips TP

edit : typo "like" hahaha

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Targets removed now, those were in case oof a spike. now II'll keep a close eye on the stochastics. I.ve got a Genesis signal here, but PA is slowing down and I don't like this area for entry. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Bought UCad again at on another dip @ 1.29821Not much going on on my other charts. GBP is moving a little, but it's in limbo like  EUR Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Thanks rahadian, it's not too bad  LOL!!

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
what do you think about GU ?

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
stoploss -10 after +49pips hahahaha, i hate moving my stoploss even for BE

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
EVERYTHING is flat right now. The only recent trade I saw on GU was on M15, but it loos like it's almost over now. Didn't really go anywhere though.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
This UCad trade will probably wind up around BE. Something must be going on in the energy sector or investors are just pissed off with US stance on trade, or both. I don't really care why. I had a shot at +10 total pips earlier and I let it go. I'm still in with the longs. We'll see how it goes. Margin level is still at 2500.00 % so I'm good. I added another long at 1.2952. I still think it'll get back to 1.3000 sometime today. But it's Friday, and I've been wrong before. We'll see.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
WOW!! Kept the UCads trades open over the weekend. Picked up 39 pips on the Open. 3 longs still open. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Wound up with about +40 pips from the UCad longs.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Hello, is there any someone using this indicator ? like me ?

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Hey! I just foun this sistem some days ago .

Does anyone use the matrix that gives signals when 3 or more lines in the matrix change color in almost 20 pairs? I couldnt download it , thanks for reading!

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Hallo all from South Africa. Can we please keep this post active. It is a great system and it work. Thanks for all.

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Hey guys!! are you still alive?

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
GMTS 240

I am going to attempt to trade the H4 EURUSD market with a slightly altered Genesis chart. There are 2 sub-windows Sub-window #1 contains both a standard Stochastic indicator and MTF Stochastic Alert v3. Both are set at 11,3,3 and both levels are set at 20, 50, and 80. Sub-window #2 is the Genesis Matrix. My main chart consists of standard price bars only. There are no other indicators on the main chart. No Heiken Ashi, no EMA5, and no Pivot lines. For price, Spread, Daily High and Low, and time remaining on the current price bar, I will use an indicator called Pip Counter in th upper right corner. In the lower left corner is Pipsometer Decimal Edit 2 which will keep track of daily pip totals.

The charts I will use are not original Genesis charts, but I feel I will be trading in the spirit in which Genesis was created. While the Genesis Matrix will play a part in the trades, it is not the only, or even the most important part of the trade. Truth be told, this can be done without the matrix, but visually it is easier with it. Think of the matrix, the stochastics, and price as a team that, together, suggests entry and exit points, or at least keeps us out of too much trouble.

A Trade Explorer named GMTS 240 with a demo account has been created to track my trades. All the information will be public. The account will begin on Sunday, 2/23/2020 with an initial balance of $2000 (US). I will trade 1 mini-lot (.10) for every $1,000 in the account.

I can't spend a lot of time with wordy explanations, so I will try to post charts with current trades. Those of you familiar with the GMTS will catch on pretty quick. It's not very different from how I have used Genesis in the past, but there is a differenc in how I read the stochastic signals on H4 charts as opposed to say M5 charts. Below is an example of what my charts look like and a link to the Trade Explorer. Stats on the T.E. won't show up until after the 1st trade is closed.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
No signals today yet on EU H4, but here is a sample of what we would have had from Jan. 15 to today Feb. 24, approximately a little over 5 weeks, if all we had done was take Genesis signals only without regard for the Stochastic signals. I am not suggesting that this is the norm, it might or might not be indicative of average results. (Hence, this demo) Yes, we might have had better (or worse) results on a different time frame using stochastics, but this this sample is not bad. 9 signals, 1 Break Even (BE), 6 winners for +222 pips, 2 losers for -15 pips, for a total of +207 pips. (Totals edited to correct calculations) Later I'll take a look at what might happen if we incorporate the two stochastic signals to generate signals. NOTE: I would not advise doing this (Matrix signals only) on time frames lower than H1. Even H1 and D1 are a bit sketchy. That is one reason why this trial is on H4.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
We have a new H4 bar and a signal to go long....and I will ignore it. That last bar was up around 50 pips open to close. I'll ignore it because entering after a spike is a low probability trade. I'm done for today. I will start looking when we get a new H4 bar one hour after Tokyo opens.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Except for that 50 pip spike yesterday, nothing going on EU. Still no entry.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
EU long @ 1.0850. Initial target is ADR High 1.0877, or Genesis and, or Stoch reversal signal. H4 Stoch is wavering at Support, may turn soon. MTF D1 Stoch is Long. No Genesis signal yet. I could be a little early we'll see.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Exit@ 1.08765 for +25 pips and change. I'll re-enter if Genesis gives me a 2nd signal on the close of this bar and is supported by stoch direction.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Long @ 1.08828 still open since yesterday's NY session. Right now about -13 pips in the hole. The D1 MTF Stoch is still long and now above the 50 line. The H4 stoch has left the 80 zone and is headed down. Both Stochs are still above the 50 line. The matrix is not helping at the moment. TVI is undecided, but the other 3 matrix indicators are still long. All things considered, I am going to hang on to this long simply for the fact that both stochs are above 50, MTF Stoch is still headed up, and the matrix is 3/4 long.. As I type this we have a new H4 price bar. It's 8am CST (Chicago), later we have Housing sales, Crude Oil inventory, and 2 FOMC reps speaking before and after the news. Let's see what happens here.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Exited this long at 1.08887 for +6 pips. There is another FOMC yapperr in about 20 minutes, and I am not getting a sense that the Euro has any intention of retracing north for a decent rally. I was hoping price would at least retest that 1.0910 area before London closed, but it didn't happen and I've pushed the envelope enough already. Earlier when price hit 1.0908 I was ready to exit at 1.0910, but that never happened either. Today's High so far was 1.09083 on my charts. That may be the High of the day.

NOTE: After this I won't bother with posting here. There doesn't seem to be much interest, but more importantly I am leaning towards removing the GMTS Matrix from the charts and just going back to trading the stochs. Without the matrix it has little connection to Genesis.  I thought I had something interesting goin here but now I think not so much. Anyway I'll leave the (renamed) demo up for a while if anyone is interested.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
No please go on. I might not comment  but I follow it closely and  learn a lot. I trade with Genesis an is very successful.

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
With apologies, I don't like the GMTS signals on H4, which was the whole point of the short test. If you're very successful trading with Genesis I don't think you need anyone telling you what to do. Just keep doing what you do, and I wish you all the best.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Hello Bobby I love this template. Pls how do I get it. Thanks in advance for your help.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Sorry, but Unfortunately the news feed seen on the original template is not working so I did not include it. A word about the Support Resistance indie. It repaints. Either delete it or get used to it. I got used to it. Good luck.
Attached File(s)   Genesis Tape.zip

385 KB
|
532 downloads

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Hello Everyone. I've been using Genesis with synergy APB on 5 & 15M TF. Love it.I'm gonna start posting here to pump this thread up.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
My Trade Today. EURUSD, 5M, Long. Green & Red Vertical lines are my Entry & Exits.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
USDJPY Short Trade from this morning. I'm still holding it for Pivot Point PT. Took the SL off before 5 pm. Volatility is crazy at that time.

Entry is Red Vertical Line.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
EURUSD Short.  Trend Continuation Trade. Green & Red Line are entry and exit points. 89.5 Pips.

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Is Anyone still using this?

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Yes, i am using it and hoping to revive a thread posting here trades using Genesis Matrix system. Back trading since Monday, after almost 4 years break. Jumped right back with this system.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
I want to start this thread again. Genesis Matrix is a very good and profitable system. I closed May on +149.65%, targeting 5% profit per day, starting with 1000$. I had huge drawdown because of my greed. The system us amazing. Is anyone still trading it ? Let`s get this (or another) thread with Genesis Matrix daily trades, to better understand the system and help other.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
For sure brother. We got to revive this, this is top 3 systems of all FF imo

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Could you upload your template and the indicators? Your chart seems very nice

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Took 3 trades on EG based on the genesis rule (after the close of the candle marked by the vertical line)

today was a nice trending day on EG and GENESIS on a trending day is a beast.

However everyday wont be trending, so it is important to identify the pairs that are trending or about to trend. I have a specific rules and range filters within the genesis system to avoid bad and choppy environment. If enough people are interested in this thread, I will drop a pdf regarding that

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Eyes on EURNZD for longs. Have a look at MTF15 stoch, if a bullish crossover occurs above the 50 level and GENESIS matrix lines up, I will take a long targeting 1.5R

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Had to head outside, so closed EN trade at 1R.

Pick the HPT setups they are really the low hanging fruits.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
I am glad to see a few new posts. Like I said, the system is amazing, is profitable. I will post daily trades starting Monday.

Keep the thread alive.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
This is my setup of Genesis Matrix. I trade on 5 minutes chart, mainly EURUSD for the moment.

Except the original system I just added 89EMA and Asia Trading Range indicators.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
The simplicity of the system.

Amazing signal entry of Genesis Matrix today on EURUSD (pair move heavily by EURJPY)

After the pivot point was breached... 80 pips movement.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Candle opened bellow 5EMA

Stochastic coming down from 80 level (OB)

Genesis Matrix all red

Only on H1 was still bullish, but the bigger time frame H4 was bearish

The high of the Asian session was rejected

Perfect setup of Genesis Matrix.

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
What a joke..... You haven't been in this game long enough. Enjoy your dunning-kruggering.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
??? care to explain

Thank you for teaching me a new thing: The Dunning-Kruger effect

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
You are cherry picking the charts. Your genesis will kill your account when market becomes choppy. Why bother yourself with this flawed old system? Even RJ ditched genesis long long time ago.... RJ's moto is "Don't fix if it's not broken" by the way. It tells the story.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
I was away 3.5 years. Just returned home in March.

Probably you are right. My trading result are not consistent. Small winners.

I just started to work hard to get back in the game, maybe you will recommend me a better day trading system ?

I did not traded that signal. I just had a small buy, closed for +5 lousy pips today.

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Day trading is a loser's game. Don't waste your time and money. Find a job and work hard. Period.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
I am co-owing a small company. I just love this game.

Study, trade,  study, trade, as long as I am in the green zone at the end of the month I will continue.

And for the sake of the conversation, of course, being new to this game, I love to scalp.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
I only need 20 pips per day to make me happy.

On the perfect days, that is 1 trade.

On a good day, that is 2 trades.

On a really bad day, that is 4 trades.

At the end of the day, i have 20 pips.

I trade with 2.5 lots. That is more then enough for me from this loser`s game.

At least you opened my eyes. This thread/system is dead. Moving on.

Thank you, heispark!

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
He's trying to manipulate you, ask yourself this, would he be here for over 11+ years and 5k posts to his name if he thought he had no chance of making money with forex? he's still posting charts also.

RJ didn't stop trading genesis because it didn't work for him, he stopped trading genesis as he developed a more profitable system.

no one said forex trading profitably is easy, but don't allow yourself to get manipulated by sour or failed traders.

post some entries, even if they win or lose.

i'll do the same.

lets try get some genesis discussion going again

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Genesis work well for me guys, i'm already use it from 2015. See my TE, its 100% using genesis.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
if someone can make mt5 version of this indicator, i will paid for it

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Make a post here if you want someone to make you it

https://www.mql5.com/en/job/indicator

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Tips from me if you wanna get profit from genesis, combine it with knowing market structure / elliot wave system. Dont try to trade reversal just try to catch correction.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
thank you sir

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Here is an entry I marked out today. It is not a heinsight trade, I did actually mark it out at the time and then went to the gym.., came back and it was doing well.

I have studied genesis for several years, and tried many different timeframes and combinations but would not call myself long term profitable ...so take these analysis with a grain of salt and feel free to critique.

in this trade I was using m15 to gauge price direction/trend ...and then got in on m5 when the m15/m5 stocs and genesis lined up. there are other stocs on my chart put I was not paying attention to them.

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
actually in hindsight i think the h1 played a roll too as the short term h1 trend was in agreement with m15

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
See you tomorrow. As i recall RJ quit the thread because the haters... any ways Genesis Matrix is profitable. It is simple. It is good.

Post some trades tomorrow. Thank you kain775

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
hi,

RJ quit the thread because he grew tired of people posting and discussing genesis trades with non approved indicators.

Some time later in a different thread, he revealed he had a new system that he was now trading which had a higher win rate than genesis but refused to share it publicly.

anywho, here's a trade I took shortly after Asian session just now on the EJ.

reasons for entry were pretty similar to my last entry. the first vertical line on m5 is not a trade a took, it was placed in hindsight..., however the second vertical line is a trade I actually took.

*Although not labeled here I have started to use mr pips new structure high and low method to count swings as I personally find it less subjective than lh,hh,ll etc.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Inserted Video

kains on a roll.......

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Saw this one just now and considered going in, but because London open was 15 mins away I decided I didn't want to.

turns out it would have been successful though if I had actually placed the order

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Just saw this on gold, was a bit late to the party when i spotted it, but still early enough to take the entry if i really wanted.........but i've decided to just sit and watch this one and see how it turns out.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
EURUSD today at London opening. (missed the trade, but I will wait for a new signal entry)

The PA was rejected by the high of Asian range.

Stochastic 5M and 15M both coming down from the OB (80 level)

The setup was to wait for a clear break of the Pivot Point to enter the trade.

There was a clear divergence on 5M stochastic.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Sold EURUSD at the rejection of the Pivot Point.

Moved the SL on +10 pips. At the time of writing this post, the price is still going down with strong momentum, forming a sell signal on Matrix Genesis.

Just closed the trade for +20 pips (50% of my daily target)

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
I saw your TE and obviously your entry is NOT genesis based. I think you are running an automation EA for the TE. Let me see how your TE ends up. Please don't remove it.

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
My time: GMT+3Today we had 5 (6 from 08:00) entries on EURUSD until 19:00.3 sell signals which were good, and 3 counter trend trades for buy.08:00: Sell signal – good (to early for me)PA just below 89 EMA 15M Stoch coming down from near the OB zone 5M Stoch coming down from OB zone Genesis Matrix all red Break through Pivot Point H1 & H4 downtrend Stop Loss of 10 pips not reached Take profit of 10 pips reached The trade went down for 40 pips! TRADE OF THE DAY

Genesis Matrix
11:30: Buy signal – goodA reverse of the previous trade PA bellow 89 EMA Counter trend trade 15M & 5M rising from OS Bounce of Support H1 & H4 still bullish (counter trend trade) Stop Loss of 10 pips not reached Take Profit of 10 pips reached 12:25: Sell signal – goodPA bellow 89EMA 5M Stoch coming down from OB zone 15M Stoch bouncing of the 50 zone Genesis Matrix all red H1 & H4 bearish Stop Loss of 10 pips not reached Take Profit of 10 pips reached 13:40: Buy signal – badPA bellow 89EMA 5M & 15M Stoch rising from OS Genesis Matrix all white H1 & H4 bearish Break even trade Valid only on aggressive entry at Support level 14:20: Sell signal – goodPA bellow 89EMA 5M Stoch coming down from OB zone 15M Stoch bouncing of the 50 zone Genesis Matrix all red H1 & H4 bearish Stop Loss of 10 pips not reached Take Profit of 10 pips reached Trade good for 20 pips 17:35: Buy signal – goodPA bellow 89EMA 15M Stoch rising from OS zone 5M Stoch bouncing from 50 level Genesis Matrix all white H1 & H4 bearish Stop Loss of 10 pips not reached Take Profit of 10 pips reached

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Do you mean you took those trades or you are just marking them from hindsight view? Everything looks perfect in hindsight you know....  Why don't you make things simple by posting your live TE?

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Yes, because I was hoping for some feedback from people trading to better understand... trading.

Here you go, my live trades from yesterday. Not perfect, but I made my target.

The first trade was good, entry of the break of pivot point.

The last 3 trades entries, where to early, had some drawdown and I closed them early because my daily target got hit.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
You say you trigger 2.4 lots for single trade now and you are asking feedback from people in FF who are mostly consistent losers? It sounds hilarious to be honest...... Either you are a demo trader or you gonna blow your account sooner or later depending of the size of your fund. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
I did not triggered 2.4 lots. I trade with 0.5 per trade. In those 3 trades, my maximum lot was 1.5 (for 3 trades)

I have a good funded account.

Hope not to blow my account. I have a maximum stop loss for daily trading.

I find demo trading counter-intuitive because the lack of emotions, so no, I do not demo trade.

I also have a mentor, I do not trade alone or blindly opening trades as the system dictates.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
You remind me of a nice quote: "Would you like to grow? Disconnect from society and focus on yourself."

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
I love FF so much.......

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Such systems show the beginning of a trend too late. There are frequent cases when it is better to enter on the contrary, because the system has shown an already worked out trend


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Weekly Target 2014 - Posting.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1415230?d=1398671475
genesis.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1438800?d=1401644932
genesis_m15.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1438801?d=1401644936
m5.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1439553?d=1401738247
CandleTime THV.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1439558?d=1401739412
FREE_ATM_Support_Resistance_I.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1439559?d=1401739417
GMTS-Matrix.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1439560?d=1401739421
LFL-ATRprojections.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1439561?d=1401739426
Stoch-MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1439562?d=1401739430
Synergy_APB.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1439563?d=1401739434
GenesisMatrixSignals2.22.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1443054?d=1402085317
Spreads2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1465272?d=1404929545
RSI_Bars_M#_v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1555723?d=1416570514
ADR_ ATR_20_Pairs_v3_Sal.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1666234?d=1430495334
GenesisHist.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1671703?d=1431327453
Undock chart.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1695273?d=1434205100
ASCTrend1 v1.6001 - B600+ all matrix.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1702651?d=1435292810
Barcelona.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1703765?d=1435537960
Force history download.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1807236?d=1449498375
My Genesis.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1816150?d=1450564783
GMTS Winner.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2045928?d=1477096232
DT_HeikinAshi Candle.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2045930?d=1477096378
Winner.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2045932?d=1477096404
SweetSpots.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2045933?d=1477096424
Tick-Value.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2045934?d=1477096443
Pip Counter.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2046194?d=1477172187
Auto SL and TS.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2046195?d=1477172217
genesis.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2056379?d=1478247947
5-15 Genesis System 2012-10-07 rev003_2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2137945?d=1484246272
Divergence Cheat Sheet.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2137947?d=1484246283
EmotionFreeTradingBook.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2137953?d=1484246293
Heiken Ashi Candles.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2137954?d=1484246303
Heiken Ashi Explanation.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2137957?d=1484246313
M1_Method.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2137960?d=1484246328
GMTS Winner.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2140423?d=1484412758
#MTF Arrow 3.00nmc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2236106?d=1489933522
SupportResistance.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2257552?d=1491351827
GMTS 2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2266017?d=1492023780
GMTS Winner v1 and v2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2320052?d=1495393732
#MTF Arrow 3.00nmc.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2574831?d=1511525417
#MTF Arrow 3.00nmc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2574833?d=1511525463
ASCTrend1i.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2575932?d=1511619400
ASCTrend1i.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2575933?d=1511619429
ASCTrend1i-Alert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2575947?d=1511619635
ASCTrend1i-Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2575949?d=1511619657
5-15 Genesis System 2012-10-07 rev003_2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2645134?d=1516723891
genesis ind_templ_build_600+.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2645135?d=1516723891
M1_Method.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2645136?d=1516723892
RoNz_Auto_SL-TS-TP.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2652522?d=1517224835
RoNz_Auto_SL-TS-TP.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2652525?d=1517224844
BN Levels v1.02.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2689941?d=1519414824
SupplyAndDemand.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2689942?d=1519414848
#MTF Stochastic v2.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2717786?d=1521051322
#MTF Stochastic v2.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2717789?d=1521051330
5-15 Genesis System 2012-10-07 rev003_2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2725284?d=1521495657
5-15 Genesis System 2012-10-07 rev003_2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2726458?d=1521554170
The Quarters Theory The Revolutionary New Foreign Currencies Trading Method.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2730374?d=1521731627
Quarters-Theory-indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2730380?d=1521731734
Genesis Stoch PA practice chart.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2753353?d=1523289129
My Genesis.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2753473?d=1523293005
My Genesis.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2754499?d=1523359212
Market_Open_Lines c.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2821342?d=1527253884
Genesis Tape.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3632132?d=1589232837
