===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hi,

This is inspired from the manual trading system ICHIMOKU CLOUDBURST of zaman which has gone commercial, the idea here is to make a EA based on the principles of ICHIMOKU cloudburst as discussed in the thread

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=290062

The requirements of the EA are pretty simple it will be trading on the range bar screen and will take trades  based on the 9 26 52 cloud and matrix settings. the details of the indicators files are available in the ichimoku cloudburst thread.

We need to have a SL which is to be place above Seknou SPAN A Value plus 3 pips for sell trade  and for buy trade we have to place it below the Seknou SPAN B Value minus 3 pips

This value of SL should keep changing as the Seknou SPAN A and SPAN B value changes as the trade moves .

As regards TP we can keep it at 10 pips and can trail it from there at 10 pip gap .

I am attaching a sample ICHIMOKU EA which trades but need refinement in the SL and TP area . Also some of the features need to be switched off .

==============================================

We have made some nice progress and here is the latest version of the EA

version 7 >>>http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...4&d=1332953530

Version 8 >>> http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...6&d=1333774929

--- 帖子 #2 ---
thanks mate i was eagerly waiting for some1 to make this EA. i have got this EA made for NINJATRADER, where you can change TP and SL. let me know if any one require it.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Hi Unimak

I am not one for EAs but I thought I'd try this one. I got it going today at about London open for about 2-3 hours and bagged 48 pips on EU (Not bad). I'll try again tomorrow, I am happy to make further reports on my findings of this EA if you'd like.

Cheers and thanks.

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #4 ---
we just need to fine tune it to make it powerful  for that we need some good person who can do some fine tuning ,

--- 帖子 #5 ---
All that the EA has to do is take the buy when the Candle color change from red to green and take the sell whn the candle color changes from green to red.

it is that simple to hit profit

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Are you using time bars or do you use the range bars?  What setting for the bars?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #7 ---
range bars and default 9 26 52 settings

--- 帖子 #8 ---
IMHO its not a good idea to exit on candle colour change. check original thread of this system. some1 is using colour change HMA line as exit/TP.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
i hv simplified all those things so no need to reinvent , just we need to refine this ea and we are on

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Unimak, thanks for sharing the EA.

Question:  the setting for "Strategy1", "Strategy2" & "Strategy3" - 1 is to turn on & 0 is to turn off?

--- 帖子 #11 ---
as i mentioned this is a sample ea we need to refine it , if someone volunteers to refine it then all of us can benefit

--- 帖子 #12 ---
here in this ea we trade only Kumo breakout

rest we dont need

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Hi unimak....so which strategy is that...1,2,or 3.

Or is the kumo breakout not yet incorporated in this EA.

Thanks

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #14 ---
user_tp: money management system takes this and minimum_lots to calculate "take profit" in dollars
user_sl: money management system takes this and minimum_lots to calculate "stop loss" in dollars
use_tp_sl: 1 to close orders using user_tp and user_sl, 0 to close orders when indicator have a opposite signal.
profit_lock: from 0.5 (50%) to 0.9 (90%). This is the profit locked once you reach take profit.
strategy1: Tenkan Sen/Kijun Sen Cross. 0 disabled, 1 enabled.
strategy2: Kijun Sen Cross. 0 disabled, 1 enabled.
strategy3: Kumo Breakout. 0 disabled, 1 enabled.
signal_strength: 1 only strong signals, 2 strong and neutral signals, 3 strong, neutral and weak signals
money_management: 1 money management enabled, 0 money management disabled (the EA will trade the amount of lots specified in min_lots).
min_lots: minimum lots for your orders. The EA will take min_lots as the minimum unit.
risk: percentage from free margin used in a single order if money_management is set to 1 and progression is set to 0.
progression: 0 no progression, 1 D'Alembert , 2: Martingale

--- 帖子 #15 ---
use strategy 3

kumo brkout and ignore rest

--- 帖子 #16 ---
this ea presently does some of what we want and some of what we do not want , so if any of us know mql programming then we can clean up the code and make it simpler .

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Hi Unimak, how do I get my charts to look like that with the cloud and candles that change based on above or below cloud????  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
well all you have to do is use this indicator to get what you are asking

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Things which we do not need in the refine EA

user_tp: money management system takes this and minimum_lots to calculate "take profit" in dollars  >> explained in first post

user_sl: money management system takes this and minimum_lots to calculate "stop loss" in dollars  >>> explained in first post

use_tp_sl: 1 to close orders using user_tp and user_sl, 0 to close orders when indicator have a opposite signal.   >>> good we can keep the option with settings a 0

profit_lock: from 0.5 (50%) to 0.9 (90%). This is the profit locked once you reach take profit.  > for now need to be disabled

strategy1: Tenkan Sen/Kijun Sen Cross. 0 disabled, 1 enabled.>>>> not needed will confuse

strategy2: Kijun Sen Cross. 0 disabled, 1 enabled. >>>> not needed will confuse

strategy3: Kumo Breakout. 0 disabled, 1 enabled. >>>> default should be enable

signal_strength: 1 only strong signals, 2 strong and neutral signals, 3 strong, neutral and weak signals  >>>> not needed rules have changed

money_management: 1 money management enabled, 0 money management disabled (the EA will trade the amount of lots specified in min_lots).>>>> not needed

min_lots: minimum lots for your orders. The EA will take min_lots as the minimum unit. >>> needed manually to be set by the user

risk: percentage from free margin used in a single order if money_management is set to 1 and progression is set to 0.>>>> not needed

progression: 0 no progression, 1 D'Alembert , 2: Martingale  >>> not needed

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Thank you, will do!!

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Added the Ichimoku Break Out routine to an EA I already have been testing . Since I already have most of the other items in place, such as SL and TP it was eaiser to do it this way, this is an EA that started out as a TMS EA but has since gone to a try to do everything EA with many options.  I have it running on 12 pairs using 15 pip range bars and a setting of 9/26/52. I am using a BE Jumping Stop routine that goes to breakeven plus 5 pips when the price reaches 20 pips of profit. After that it than jumps 5 pips everytime the price gains 5 more pips. Below is the NZDUSD it is presently in and you can see it went to BE and then took one jump after that, so I am good for 10 pips no matter what happens now. I was reading the other thread and noticed they were also using other indicators. Not much time left this week for testing, but will see how it goes. Right now it is running 24/5, next week I will also set one up for trading just durring the London Session and see what the difference is between them. At the present time I am just using the Jumping SL as the exit, or if that doesn't kick in then its 2 * ATR, which probably is a little on the large size.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #22 ---
very nice looking chart you have there and you are in GREEN pips.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
I have been working on the EA and have the SL and Trailing Stop set up but I need to know how you want to do the Take Profit? Just use the Trailing Stop as an exit or is there something else you want to use?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #24 ---
I have been trading something similar to your EA on a manual basis with pretty good success using EURUSD and AUDUSD on 5 min.  I use some slower parameters on Tenkan, Kijun, and Senkou.  I have an idea for some different take profits using another indicator as an initial TP.  Still working on improvements in that regard. I'd like to correspond to see if my settings might be compatible with your EA, as I am not a coder.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
ok , if the sl is taken as 3 pips below the cloud for a buy entry and vice versa for a sell entry then nothing more need to be done in sl except to move it as the value of the cloud bottom value changes in case of a buy entry ,

As regard TP , here are the options

1. book on opposite signal

2. start trail after there is a gap of 30 pips from the entry with 10 pip lock and as price moves to 40 pips we move the Trail  to 20 pips to book at around 80 pips

3. we have the present one where we keep a 5 pip trail and carry on.

if this is given as user choice , then we can get the best out of it . i think strategy 1 and 2 will rock big with this ea

if this is realised by this ea then i think we should put to test and no further development need to be undertaken till we assess the performance and come to a conclusion . No need change the settings etc .

--- 帖子 #26 ---
OK

I have a stripped down version of the EA I will test this week on 12 pairs and see what happens. I will use your settings mentioned above and see how it goes.

Inital SL will be 3 pips above/below cloud

Once 40 pips positive movement is reached the Sl will move to Break Even plus 10 pips. After that for every 5 pips of positive movement the SL will move 5 pips. Will just use the SL for the exit for now but can add other exits later to get us closer to the Max pips gained when I see how this goes.

Using 9/26/52

All settings can be chasnged by user.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
I was given some alternate settings for the Ichimoku Cloud by a well known trader (who has been trading this manually) that slow the change rate and slow the cloud, and have a tendency to filter out a lot of the noise. It appears to minimize false signals and keep you in trades for more profit.

Basically double settings, and also mask out the lines

Tenkan =18 Neutral color

Kijun =52 Neutral color

Senkou= 104 No change

Chinkou Neutral color

You just don't use the neutral colored part of the indicator.

His alternate TP is using CCI as a TP when the indicator hits a real extreme. You add a +225 and a -225 line, so when the indicator hits this extreme, it closes the trade. If you enter a trade while the indicator is at an extreme, you stay in for 10 more candles. You do get out of trades early on occasion, so maybe your t/p is better.

Also you can't enter a consecutive trade in the same direction asa the previous trade unless 50 candles have elapsed (just over 4 hours on a 5 min chart).

It also does allow for an immediate trade in the opposite direction for stopped out trades.

My manual back testing of these rules seems to yield decent results. I look forward to your impressions.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Hey guys,

Very good thread! I like the candles!

@Seller9, are you using the ea of post 1 ore do you have made one for yourself? You load all the ea`s in m2offline charts with s-constantrangebars?

Greeting Rob

--- 帖子 #29 ---
hey pips, which timeframe you have this baby on?

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Hi Denyap, would you be so kind enough to share at least 1 of your charts with the clouds and cci on it please? i would like to see how the 10candles works...

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #31 ---
hi seller9/unimak,

based on the attached image, did you guys trade those breakouts (boxed cyan)? if not, how did you filter them?

hope one of you could answer...

cheers

--- 帖子 #32 ---
I will try some of your settings later this week. Right now I have 3 versions running with various setting. One version is the stripped down version and the other 2 is where I have added it to my Tool Box EA so I can try different things like your cci settings. Here is a shot of the present basic Break Out EA, it will also restart after one trade ends if you have that function selected, other wise it takes just one trade. By the time I started striiping out all what I didn't need in the original EA I just decide to build a new basic version as it was easier.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Here are the settings that are available so far in the Basic BreakOut EA, more can be added as they are proven to work.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #34 ---
I was trading this manually so I was really just counting 10 candles if I got into a trade when the CCI was in the extreme over or under 225 marker.

Today I stared at a month or so's charts in EUR and AUD and I guess I don't see a great advantage to the slower settings. Forward testig may bear this out. I guess I do like your ideas of using the trailing stop after so many pips profit, and/or jump stops as profit increases. It is more likely to keep you in profitable trades much longer.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
great , first test on eusd pair then move to others that way the result will be clean . each pair is unique we know that. the sl is all fine as you have written except that if you find the cloud value changing we move the sl to that value minus or plus 3 pips before we hit the 40 pip profit mark , after which the trail sl takes over.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
good question , a trade will fire in the circumstances whn the candle changes from green to red and red to green . and in your case it will fire only once

all trade will be fired only once not everytime a brkout happens till we get a breakout in the opposite direction .

--- 帖子 #37 ---
our current objective of the ea is very simple , let us make it stable before we move ahead.

Pair :- eursd

Setting of ichimoku - 9 26 52

Trading on the range bar chart ( ea takes trade here )

Range bar setting - for now take anything 10 pips 15 pips will fine tune it later

condition for entry :-

Buy Entry

take  entry when the candle is green and not touching the cloud and it is a clear breakout of the cloud

Sell Entry

take  entry when the candle is red and not touching the cloud and it is a clear breakout of the cloud

Sl :-

keep it below the cloud for buytrade  minus 3 pips to be set manually( SL value arrived by taking cloud value and then the user defined pip value to be minus or plused as the case may be ( in this case i have said 3 pips ) ) & for sell trade  above the cloud plus 3 pips for sell trade

SL value should move when the cloud value changes and the trade is still on ....

TP , here are the options

1. book on opposite signal

2. start trail after there is a gap of 30 pips from the entry with 10 pip lock and as price moves to 40 pips we move the Trail to 20 pips to book at around 80 pips

3. we have the present one where we keep a 5 pip trail and carry on.

Lot size to be set manually by the user as per his wish money management to be taken care by him

trading time to be manually set by the user

At a time it will take only one trade that is if a sell trade is taken , it will complete the trade and then only take another trade , if it gets multiple breakouts without hitting SL then those will be ignored. ( richdad711 case) . The idea here is to keep the EA in the trade for a long time and not to be in trade for 5 or 10 pips as normally with this system you stay long and get max pips .

Let us get this working, Many thanks to seller9 for his support.

Let this post remove all the confusion , the mantra is make is simple not complex. All good things are very simple

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Hi Guys ,

I think a n EA for the C/Bbeak is a good idea because though Range bars are great the , one bar can take hours to form and the big movement

suddenly happens in 15 min with a 3 bar shift, usually catching us napping . Also the Asian session seems to have good smooth action at times especially involving AUD. Problem one cant be around 24/7 for manual trading.

Some ideas:

1] CHOP ; Use MACD with 3,30,5 settings and levels +0.15-0.15

[+0.0015, -0.0015 for JPY]  lower indicator window as filter. When level is crossed in direction of trade and cloud has been broken , take the trade.

2] Take first 20pip TP on half of lots. 20 pip seems to be high probablity trade

3] Trail second lots on Trail Stop Loss of some type. If this is aggressive then one can get poss big pips.

4] Some exit around the CCI involving Woodies Rules seem solid ie HFE[Hook back from 200 level] . OR a hook/cross  back of the CCI[14,30 setting ] where the 14 crosses back over zero and the 30 crosses back below 100 [Two lines both on same CCI Indicator]

If above could be incorporated in EA then it should give profit.

1] There are EA's around which can trail the Stop

2] There is  an EA which trades purely the Kijun , Tenkan cross and seems to have some potential if it worked with say some filter indicator.

Can try and fine and post these if there is interest.

My two cents!

--- 帖子 #39 ---
hi  what pair does this EA work on and what timeframe.  thank you

--- 帖子 #40 ---
I am trying the 15M chart rather than the range bars used by a few others, and doing testing on EURUSD and AUDUSD.  I would think it should work on most pairs.

To learn more about the cloud construction, I linked to www.lifesdream.org and linked again and watched some videos on the components.  The key to why this works is the Senkou (forward) extension of the cloud that keeps track of the highs of current bars, such that as price reverses, it re-enters the cloud, and should eventually hit a stop.

It is also the reason all those MA crossovers don't work, because they are looking back and late based on the past movements and get into trades late.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Rangebars don't show time but rather the number of pip movement, so in this case we are using 15 pip range bars so no new rangebar is drawn until one completes 15 pips. I run a script as an EA on a plain M1 chart of each pair to create the offline chart that is than used with the EA. You could run it on a regular chart but the rangebar chart helps to filter out some of the noise. To get a rough idea of the number of pips to use in a rangebar for a certain time perio look at the ATR.

M5 = ~ 15pips

H4 = ~ 50 pips

It varies some from pair to pair but these are just starting points.

I am still testing and making changes to the EA and this takes time as I don't want to put out something that is just going to create a lot of questions and is not working properly. I only forward test in the real world so it does take some time.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Can you please post some real trades taken with your method and what you were looking at for a good entry.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Happy to post a few pictures of charts when to enter trades.  I also gave some ideas of the recommended parameter document I have attached. I look forward to your input on the TP's.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Here is a test I have running with the ichimoku Kumo Break out logic attached to my etb EA. This was the first logic I was using to trigger a trade, I have changed it a little since then to get in earlier. In this case I had a TP target of half the initial lot setting initial purchase .02 lots and at first TP sell  .01 lot, and then it jumped to BE for the remainder .01 lot

, where it is at now. So I had a nice profit on the first half and now just waiting to see what will happen with the remainder.

You can also see that since it is in a Buy trade that it is now waiting for the next Sell trade after this one closes, so it will alternate back and forth.

The second screen shot is the actual stripped down ichimoku Break Out EA where it is waiting for a Sel signal since it is Long at this time. Just started this new setup today so don't have any trades with it yet. Maybe after some activity tonight maybe a trade will pop up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Please find the screen shot of a perfect entry attached I have given comments in the attachment for easy reference.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
I see I screwed up the last screenshot.  Here is the updated version.  Nice breakout, as anticipated.   I was sleeping.  Now, if we had an EA to capture the move......

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Take a look at the following Basic Settings of the EA and see what can be done to filter this type of trade. Since PA was previously below the cloud the EA was looking for a Buy. It took a Buy and then got stopped out so was then looking for a Sell as the previous trade was a Buy. It then took a Sell.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Here is a trade that just kicked off with the same requirements as the previous one.

Opinions on this????

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Might be an idea to look at Forexhard's breakout thread and use his concept of 2 complete closed candles outside the zone/cloud as a buffer.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Thats easy enough to try, will look through some charts and see if it might help.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Seller9 you are on the right track, yes once a buy trade is thru then we will have the sell trade and we alternate that way , at this point we are not looking at reentry trade and confuse ourselves.

As regards the buy getting stopped out is also correct as the buy entry is wrong , it should be a clean candle no touching of the yellow band, in your entry it is clear that the price is touching the yellow band. this is very critical point in entry rule

As regards sell entry after it gets stopped out yes the sell should should be fired as i see the candle is clean and not touching the yellow band  .

so ideally a sell should be fired. if the EA takes correct entry and puts the sl correctly and keeps moving the sl as the cloud value changes and follows the TP rules I think the EA is thru , rest of the fine tuning need to be done post some testing.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Looks to be a correct buy entry as i think from the pic the candle is not touching the yellow band, i mean the entry candle where the EA fired a buy

--- 帖子 #53 ---
The 3 pip adjustment is for the SL not for the entry , i see in your pic you have mentioned 3 pip for entry that is wrong , for sl the stop value has to be arrived from the bottom value of the cloud minus 3 pips for buy entry .

This one got stopped out becoz the entry is wrong and it is not on a clean candle, all the candles touch the cloud so basically it is not a buy . sell is correct

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Remembering that I am going in a slightly different direction from Unimak, by using 5M candles.  Also per my previous posts, the idea supplied takes long trades over dark clouds, and shorts under light clouds.  In many cases,  there is considerable movement against the cloud trend.

The Ichimoku EA needs to account for what Booker would call a 'wrong way (no) trade' when we are in the straightaway mode of the pattern. What I mean by this is,  After consolidation forming an M or W (visible on 1 H  TF), you often get 3 days of rise and fall with minor consolidations each day.  We want to get the move after these minor pit stops-- happening daily.

Seller 9 was looking for 40 pips initial TP, but I see opportunities at 25-30, that might otherwise be losing trades if you try to go for more.  Again, this is using TF candles rather than range candles.  Here is a chart update.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
The 3 pips is being used on the SL but I have also included an offset on the entry to make sure the present candle is trading above the previous candle close before making the trade, this is just in case the candle starts to go against you after it opens, gives you a little bit of a buffer.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Yes these are some things that will need to be addressed as we move along. The BE and JS are adjustable and the there will also probably be a setting so you will be able to take profit at various pip advances, I am experimenting with this at the present time on another EA on the Experts Tool Box forum and it is working real good so far with one preset TP point, I may add another so there would be 2 and then after that the BE/JS would trail and also eventually there will be an exit if something like a reversal is starting.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Here is a trade that kicked off last night and is still open. I changed the code a little on this one to be a little more conservative to catch just the best trades and stay out of the noise by the cloud. I may try shifting the entry one candle closer to the cloud or maybe add it as an option so the user can determine how conservative he wants to be. The JS can also be narrowed down to bring the trailing stop closer to the PA, these are all settable by the user. These settings did stop you from getting stopped out in that consolidation area though.

Edit ;  Notice in this screen shot I am using the Synergy APB Candles as they give me a better sence of direction rather than having the candles all green when above the cloud or all red when below the cloud.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #58 ---
with this ichimoku setting you can get big moves and capture it too like the one that is going in eusd since the last 24 hrs.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Yes, thats for sure, I didn't have it going yet so missed that one. It did have a big pull back though, what are your thoughts on that? Just exit?

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Massive EUSD Rally , as you can see from the image that the price started buy entry and then still after 24 hrs it is running . If the EA taken the entry correctly and moved the SL as the cloud values moved , it would still be in the trade and with the option to close the trade when a trade fires in reverse in this case a sell it would have locked maximum gains , a normal trader would have long exited or must have missed the rally, this is where the EA comes into play and makes life easy

--- 帖子 #61 ---
I want to test this EA. But it appears "TRADING NOT ALLOWED", and dose not auto trade. Is there something wrong? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Please refer to my chart that i posted , where is the pull back i don't see any the EA survives the pull back if there is any as per the chart posted by me .

IF the EA does its part then all these pull backs etc can be handles easily . dont worry about pullbacks, just get the ea to do as per the requirements specified in the post.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
What are your settings, your chart looks different.

What are you using to generate the bars?

Can you post a Zip file of everything you are using to generate your chart, its hard to create an EA if our charts are going to look that much different.

Mine are 15 pips.

This is what my chart looks like.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #65 ---
If you are refering to the EA under the paper clip, that is a different EA, not the same one being developed here that has not been released yet.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
seller 9 since you are playing with 15 pip range bar , then let us stick to it , yes i can see a pull back in 15 pip range bar in that case we simply exit.

I was not aware that you were using 15 pip range bar chart.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
as per this chart we hv the sl below the cloud moving and it does not trigger so the ea survives the pull back. Now if the use has a trailing stop it will trigger  and make exit . This should be the ideal way the EA should work.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
seller9 keep 3 pip range bar settings when you are testing entry ( i mean when we are checking whether the ea is taking correct entry ) with a 3 pip range bar you will get more entry and exits than a 15 pip range bar.

so for testing purpose 3 pip range bar will be good .

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Nice "seller9" ... good results

also Kudos to "unimak"  for a good simple strategy

gonna setup 1-2 setups this week and do some testing

--- 帖子 #71 ---
correct enty and correct initial SL at cloud value minus 3 pips and then moving the sl as per cloud value to keep the trade alive without getting stopped out.

And finally booking profits via a Trail SL method , will always give astouding results in all the currency pairs . offcourse each pair is different and each has a specific settings, we will come to that portion once the EA stabilies and does its job in opening managing and closing a trade.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
This EA took a EURGBP short on my account, but why is it not displaying indicators on my charts? Also trade do not have SL and TP values. Any help?

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Post #65

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Hi Guys

Just having a read through the thread, some good ideas in here, but I am yet to see a successful ichimoku EA. you guys may prove me wrong, but ichimoku doesn't like being automated. There is some easy basic systems that you can manually use in ichimoku and make money, but they all involve spending at least a few hours watching your charts.

I will give some input on this thread and try and help you guys out, cause if you can make it work that would be great.....

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Seems to be wrong reply. My question is different from the question to post #65. Anyways thanks for the reply. The EA took following trades with 25pip TP

Buy NZDUSD +25

Buy AUDUSD +25

Sell EURJPY +25

Sell EURGBP +25

I kept TP = 25 otherwise the profit would have been over +100pips on all the trades

Though the EA trading right, I am not seeing the indicators (Ichimoku etc) on my charts. Can some one help me in this regard?

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Download the indicators attached at Post #18.

Set it according to your setting in your EA for tenkan, kijun & senkou

--- 帖子 #77 ---
The EA under the paper clip or in one of the original posts by unimak is not the present one I am working on and testing, the one I am testing and codeing is completely different and has not been published yet as I have more forward testing to do yet. You can test that one if you like but no development is being done on it.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Seller9 has made some fantastic contributions to FF on many threads, several of which I use in my current trading.

One of the things I like is that he never releases anything until the basic bugs are worked out so we all don't waste a lot of time optimizing junk.

I was happy to see that he is integrating this potential EA into his already stellar Experts Tool Box.   Now let's see, where did I put that doji star, I know it's in here some where......

--- 帖子 #79 ---
The EA in my first post works but has lot of unwanted features , so seller9 is working on a simple stripped down version. The EA will not show any indicators , you will have to attach the indicators given in my post separately if you want to verify the EA action .

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Hi unimak, which chart do you put these indies in the one, the range bars or the other?...thanks.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Thanks for the kind replies. I got the point.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
This trade was just kicked off, lets see what happens.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #83 ---
USDCAD just kicked off a trade, lets see where it goes. I am going to bed, will see what the EA has done in the morning.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #84 ---
well the EA will work on Time bar and range bar, i prefer range bar and seller 9 is developing one EA which takes trade from range bar chart

--- 帖子 #85 ---
seller 9 congrats on the perfect entry both are winning trades , as of now . showing 30 -40 pip gains

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Many thanks Unimak

--- 帖子 #87 ---
seller 9 please use cloud candles instead of HA Bars as i find that when the cloud candles are giving clean entry , the HA candles are still touching the yellow band. so we will be delaying our entry by one candle using HA rather than cloud candles, and with a 15 pip range bar delaying entry by one candle means 15 pip lost. if you have already taken care of this then it is fine

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Unimak--

What do you mean Cloud candles?  Is this the same as price candles?  I also don't get HA bars.   Per my earlier posts, I agree that getting a 'clean candle' outside the cloud on a 5M or 15M chart seems to make the most sense, as it gives a better idea of momentum during specific time periods.

Beacuse I am watching the EUR at this point, there was a 64 pips max excursion yesterdayand 43 today, as price is reversing forming the M.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Please put the cloudcandles in your mt4 map! Open  map of your mt4 then clock on experts and put the indicators in you indicator map. Then close you mt4 and reopen it and then load the indicators in your chart!

Hope you understand

--- 帖子 #90 ---
refer to my post #18 for the indicators, Please understand this system is not indicator intensive,the idea is to keep it simple with minimal indicator so that it is system friendly . at the same time rake huge pips

--- 帖子 #91 ---
I will switch my charts back to cloud candles for looks. This is what I am using for the cloud candle prices, I believe these are the same thing. MT4 doesn't show cloud candle prices in the data window so I am thinking they are the same as the real prices.

double close1 = iClose(Symbol(), 0, shift);

double open1 = iOpen(Symbol(), 0, shift);

double high1 = iHigh(Symbol(), 0, shift);

double low1 = iLow(Symbol(), 0, shift);

I don't have the mq4 of the cloud candle indicator so I can't look to make sure.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Yes, nice entries but whats next, how do we keep any profit, these both turned back into the cloud?

--- 帖子 #93 ---
The original idea from the forum posted on page1 goes for 20ore30 pips/ breakout

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Here is the EA as it stands so far, rough and simple, but maybe a start.

1) The Buyer/Seller is a toggle back and forth so when you put the EA on a chart determine if your next trade you are looking for after the present one will be a Buy or Sell. So if the pair is in a long uptrend, even if you are not in the trade, your next trade would be a Sell Trade. So set Buyer = false and Seller = true.

Even though this is a toggle back and forth between buyer and seller you still should check this from time to time as it could get out of sequence if the EA misses a possible trade. Just change it in the settings to the correct one.

2) You can also enter a trade manual and then place the EA on this open trade. The EA will ask you if you want to manage this trade. Your managment settings will then manage the trade. Be sure to set the Buyer/Seller settings correctly for the next type of trade after the present one closes.

3) At this time the initial stop loss is set at +- pips from the top or bottom of cloud and stays there until the BE/JS kicks in, the default is 3 pips but you can change this in the settings, this can be changed later as we develope the EA.

The pips / bar may not read perfect all the time, but it helps so you know what you are using for your charts.

Attached File(s)   ichimoku.ex4

36 KB
|
966 downloads

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Yes this is where our Trail SL or TP comes into play , as we know not all trades go for 100 pips, i consider if we make 30 pips in a entry trade it is a good one

. so in this particular case our trail sl would have fired when the price dipped and thus locking up the gains  simple

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I have attached the MQ4 file of the cloud candle in this post, please look into it .

--- 帖子 #97 ---
seller 9 the ea is taking entry one to 2 candle late after the breakout , kindly look into it .

--- 帖子 #98 ---
I will need a screen shot of the trades and a template and indicators so I can duplicate.

What are you using to generate your rangebars?

I am using "RangeBarScript1" on a M1 chart to generate M2 offline chart.

Here is a trade from last night.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Seller9 refer to the chart that you have attached, it is clear that the entry has been taken by the EA on the 3rd clean candle since breakout whereas the entry should be on the first clean candle since breakout . so the ea should have taken entry 2 candles back .

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Hi,

can somebody point me the place where I can get the latest indicators and the EA for this.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #101 ---
See below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Here is what I am using, unimak's may be different.

I create an offline M2 chart using a plain M1 chart of the pair and running the script on it as an EA (put script in experts folder), you can also run it as a scrpt if you want to. Make sure you have a lot of history on your M1 chart. I am using 15 pip bars at this time.

Open this off line chart and apply the ichimoku_m1 template.

Set up the EA as previously explained in previous post.

Attached File(s)   Kumo_BO_EA.zip

67 KB
|
1,619 downloads

--- 帖子 #103 ---
now i see where the problem is, the identification of the first clean candle without touching the cloud is perfect .

if possible the EA should be made to take the trade on this clean candle, if it is not possible then immediately on the next candle.

no need of all these 3 pip offset and whether price action is breaking previous high etc

the only place where the 3 pip user defined logic is fitted is in the SL area and the SL should move as the trade progresses along with the cloud value, which is not moving at present .

As regards TP BE and JS i am bit confused, however I shall give my inputs after a few more testing.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
whatever Seller9 has explained here stands, I am also using the same settings. we shall fine tune settings later not now

--- 帖子 #105 ---
OK, sounds good. I can eliminate the breaking previous high or maybe I will just add it as a option. The candle does have to be closed before we know if it is clean or not, so by removing the breaking previous high it will take the trade at the open of the new candle after the clean candle.

I suppose to even get more adventureous, as long as the candle is Green and the low is above the cloud we could take the trade and hope it doesn't reverse, that could be something to look at also, will go through some charts and see if that may be a way to go also, it would get you in on the first candle break of the cloud but would add some risk. Maybe even make it so the candle has to be at least half completed before this takes affect. Just something to try.

The stop loss is not moving at this time, not until the BE/JS kicks in and takes over. That needs to be added yet.

What are you using to create your RangeBars, mine seem to vary in size with the script I am using?

Below is an example of how the breaking of the previous high affected a trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #106 ---
I have added the option to set the break above previous candle to anything you want, the default is zero so it would take the trade at the open of the new candle after a clean closed candle with this setting.

Try this

Attached File(s)   ichimoku.ex4

37 KB
|
744 downloads

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Just thought I would post this in case there are any questions on how the Break Even / Jumping Stop Loss work.

1) The BE/JS does not start working until the trade goes into profit, it must show some profit before these even start looking for a setup. Up until that point the Stop Loss below the cloud for a Buy is your only saving stop loss from a bad trade.

2) Once you show some profit the BE/JS will then start watching the trade. With the following settings once you reach 10 pips of profit the SL will be moved to BE. It will stay there forever unless you change it.

IchiBreakEvenPips=10;

IchiBreakEvenProfit=0;

IchiJumpingStopPips=0;

3) With the following settings once you reach 15 pips of profit the SL will be moved to BE + 5 pips. It will stay there forever unless you change it.

IchiBreakEvenPips=10;

IchiBreakEvenProfit=5;

IchiJumpingStopPips=0;

4) With the following settings once you reach 15 pips of profit the SL will be moved to BE + 5 pips. Also everytime the profit increases another 5 pips the SL will move up 5 pips (for a Buy trade). This will act like a trailing stop but will jump only 5 pips at a time. You can set the IchiJumpingStopPips to something else if you like, if you set it to zero it will disable the JS like in the first two examples.

IchiBreakEvenPips=10;

IchiBreakEvenProfit=5;

IchiJumpingStopPips=5;

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Don’t know if I’m doing this right to create a range chart:

I downloaded the zip file, placed the rangescript1 in both the experts folder and experts folder/scripts. Opened a 1-minute chart and loaded the plain m1 template on it, then executed rangebarscript1 (from scripts folder) to the chart. Went to file, opened EURUSD M3 (there was no M2). Also tried the rangescript EA (changing 25pips to 15pips) from experts folder.

Then loaded the ichimoku_ea_m1 template on it. I have a chart with only about 50 rangebars. Most likely because we’re in Asian session at the moment.

You say “Make sure you have a lot of history on your M1 chart.” Does this mean one waits several hours or a day or more for the range chart to fill up or does the script allow you to adjust adding for more history? Thanks for all you do.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
The candle does have to be closed before we know if it is clean or not, so by removing the breaking previous high it will take the trade at the open of the new candle after the clean candle.

>>> cool that is fine in line with the human eye , we also get to know that the candle is clean only after it closes and it is safe way to trade. This option will do .

I suppose to even get more adventureous, as long as the candle is Green and the low is above the cloud we could take the trade and hope it doesn't reverse, that could be something to look at also, will go through some charts and see if that may be a way to go also, it would get you in on the first candle break of the cloud but would add some risk. Maybe even make it so the candle has to be at least half completed before this takes affect. Just something to try.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>

No need to explore this option maybe we may take a early entry and gain 3 pips more but might end up hitting sl and loosing 20 pips in the bargain

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

The stop loss is not moving at this time, not until the BE/JS kicks in and takes over. That needs to be added yet.

>> ok

What are you using to create your RangeBars, mine seem to vary in size with the script I am using?

>>> the normal s-constant rangebar script , easily available .

Below is an example of how the breaking of the previous high affected a trade.

Attachment [/quote]

ok i understand your point that the price can retreat back to cloud, but i am 100 % sure that if you take a entry on a clean candle and it is coming from sell to buy it will not hit the sl and instead fire up for atleast 10 pips . so we can ignore it and cooly take it on the first break.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
4) With the following settings once you reach 15 pips of profit the SL will be moved to BE + 5 pips. Also everytime the profit increases another 5 pips the SL will move up 5 pips (for a Buy trade). This will act like a trailing stop but will jump only 5 pips at a time. You can set the IchiJumpingStopPips to something else if you like, if you set it to zero it will disable the JS like in the first two examples.

IchiBreakEvenPips=10;

IchiBreakEvenProfit=5;

IchiJumpingStopPips=5;[/quote]

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

with the above options if i put the TP value as say 15 pips what will happen as the trade progress ??

--- 帖子 #111 ---
EA not firing inspite of clean candle on breakout on the opening of the next candle, am i missing some thing ??

--- 帖子 #112 ---
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

with the above options if i put the TP value as say 15 pips what will happen as the trade progress ??[/quote]

The TP setting over rides everything else, so if it hits this TP point the trade will close.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
It doesn't meet the following conditions as the candles are retreating, if you want just a break with clean candle I can add that, but you may get a lot of false triggers.

if(close3<kt3 && close2>kt2 && close1>close2 && close1>open1 && close2>open2 && low1>kt1 && Bid > (CandleBrkPipOffset*Point + high1)

Why the big differnce in charts? Below is my 15 pip range bar chart of the same pair and it looks nothing like yours. Its hard to create an EA if I can't match the chart you are using to test it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #114 ---
[quote=seller9;5432973]It doesn't meet the following conditions as the candles are retreating, if you want just a break with clean candle I can add that, but you may get a lot of false triggers.

>>>>> i think that need to be added

if(close3<kt3 && close2>kt2 && close1>close2 && close1>open1 && close2>open2 && low1>kt1 && Bid > (CandleBrkPipOffset*Point + high1)

>>>> ea is not firing sell also although all conditions met , as per your chart it is a sell and ea is not firing shorts.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
as regards chart , i am using various range bars just to make the EA take the trade, so that i can see what it does .

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Maybe unimak is using a different rangebar script? I use s-constantrange bars, but it`s not alowed to post this script on this forum! So if you want it you can pm me

Then i have a question! My frames freezes, what do you guys do about that?

My chart also looks differend

--- 帖子 #117 ---
seller 9 please make the ea fire on the clean candle , if that is not possible then immediately on the next candle. let this be a separate version . so that we do not mix up

--- 帖子 #118 ---
No problem, can do.

How far from the cloud break do you want the EA to look for a clean candle?

Buy

candle3 close in cloud below top of cloud.

candle2 close above cloud top.

candle1 is clean candle

trade will open on open of next candle

so if  candle1 isn't a clean candle no trade will take place even if the next one is, or do you want a window of more than one candles to look for the clean candle after the break of the cloud?

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Give this a try, it is setup as explained in previous post, just a three candle setup.

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u1.ex4

34 KB
|
735 downloads

--- 帖子 #120 ---
slightly confused, let us imagine a scenario for making things simple, we are in a massive sell then the candles turn silver by entering the cloud , then we have the candle turning green but it is touching the cloud , next candle closes and it is clean , we enter the trade .

( if we can determine the candle to be a clean candle then we enter in that candle, if it is not possible to determine till the candle closes then we enter in the next candle )

agreed that the candle post the clean one can dip into the cloud , but that is for the sl to handle  .

one possible way we can determine the candle to be clean when it is building it  is by measuring the distance from the cloud . suppose we have 15 pip range bar then if we see that we are at least 16 pip away from the cloud then  the best of low will not touch the cloud so automatically it is a clean candle and we can fire on that candle as it is being formed.

normally i see 2 scenarios , when the momentum is strong , it just breaks the cloud and goes off, this is scenario 1

when the momentum is strong but with less pressure, it breaks the cloud then takes a dip to the cloud and then fires off , in the second one it just goes off .  when it dips into the cloud the sl being placed below the cloud minus 3 pips generally does not trigger , however very rare some times it will trigger and we take that sl . loss will be around 15 pips . but the gains far outnumber the rare sl . Here you will see that our TDI plays a good part , when in scenario 1 you will see the TDI pretty strong , and in scenario 2 the TDI dips to market trend line ( the yellow bar in TDI ) and then fires up .

We are not using TDI here but for understanding purpose as to how things work we just see it.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
it keeps searching for a clean candle the moment it spots it fires

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Triggered 2 trades since yesterday eur-jpy hit BE+5 and Aud-usd is in a loss atm!

I do like this system very much! I`ll keep testing with you guys!

Cheers

P.s Maybe its a good option to let the stoploss move with the cloud?

--- 帖子 #123 ---
I am watching with great interest the evolution of the trading strategy and the EA. I have been a time bar trader all along, and need background on why you feel the range bars are effectively used with this EA.

While you are working on this part of the project, I am comparing the Ichimoku Cloud on different settings on a couple of the pairs. I have concluded that the slower Cloud, where the values of Tenkan, Kinjun, and Senkou are doubled gets you into trades a little later, but keeps you in for a longer duration and usually a few more pips. It does not take as many trades and seems to have fewer stop outs. Please bear in mind this is being evaluated on time bar candles.

If you have never noticed, be aware that price on most pairs moves in three thrusts, and then consolidates-- on almost any time frame, and often after 3 days of rise/fall then reverses. Using the ADR for the past couple weeks, you can get an idea where these zones are. Most times there will be a double top/ bottom formed. My idea is to determine when a reversal is in place, and capture the significant moves when price moves out of these slower Clouds. The longer trades happen after the reversal from the rise/fall for 3 days is happening. Hope this gives you something to use in your trading.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Unimak & Seller9, are you using the latest version? Is it better?

Greets,

robert

--- 帖子 #125 ---
i am testing this on EU ( ichimoku_u1.ex4 ) still have nothing to report will let u revert once it takes the trade. At present i am trying to get the entry right , that is enter on the clean candle post kumo breakout , or max at the opening of the next candle after the clean candle is formed.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
This is not my forum but I thought I should bring this to everyones attention who is not aware of it as the use of this script has been mentioned and it can be found on the web.

I believe using this script to generate range bars has been mentioned on this forum and I want to make it clear I do not use it, I am using the "RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG" indicator to create mine.

The situation as regards to this script is that it is copyrighted and has been widely distributed illegally, and used as a vehicle by scammers for their now discredited scheme. Forex Peace Army is working with the s-Constant Range Bar script copyright holder to remove all copies and references and pursue all legal avenues against these guys.

My charts will continue to use the "RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG" indicator, so if you want the same look as mine you will need to use this indicator. The EA also uses information from these bars so using a different range bar generator may vary the results.

If there is a better range bar generator available that is not copywrited that you feel will work better please post it and I can test it and if it does a better job I can change the EA to use it.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #127 ---
That will be comming, just trying to get the entry where we want it now.

Thanks

Good Luck.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Good ideas, can you post some charts?

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Here are a couple trades using the version u1 from last night where I just set the TP to 15 pips to get a quick scalp after the break out. I will work on unimak's entry rules over the weekend and get the next version ready.

The first chart of each trade is when the trade took place, the second one of each is after the trade closed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Hello Seller9 and others.  Thanks for a interesting thread, which I am following.

I would like to confirm that your cloud settings on the pics for GBPUSD are 9,26,52.  I have my settings at 9,26,52 and GBPUSD has just broken the top of the cloud, as you can see in the pic below.  Yet your pic shows GBPUSD well below the cloud, indeed, you have entered a short trade.  Can you confirm your settings?

Thank you.

George

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Tested ichimoku_u1.ex4 and happy to report that the entry that it is taking is fine, it is taking entry on the very next candle post the clean candle.

so i leave it to seller 9 to decide if we can make the ea take the entry on the clean candle itself as it is forming by predicting whether it will be clean candle.

I am also happy with the initial sl being put , ( so over here the sl moving as per the cloud remains to be done , when it starts moving as per the cloud , it will initially eliminate the 3 pip adjustment and directly take the lower value of the cloud and when the trade continues above 30 pips it will take the upper value of the cloud as SL ) so if we have a winning trade that is worth more that 30 pips sl will be following the cloud value which is near to the price bar and not further from the price bar.

I wait for input from Seller9 to proceed further. As regards range bar, please use anything which comes free and without dispute. As simple as it .

--- 帖子 #132 ---
At this point we are only getting our entry SL and TP right for the EA , we are not looking to trade or analyse the profitablility , once we get the the entry SL TP right. Profitability will kick in next.

We are keeping it simple , we get our basics right then we build the castle.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
The settings are the same.

If you have time can you open a demo account on FXDD and see if that looks the same as yours or mine. Mine are FXDD demo with range bars created on a M1 chart.

I hope we can all get on the same page so our charts look closer to the same.

EDIT:

Just dawned on me I have the same RangeBars running on 2 different Brokers, they look the same, so scratch that idea.

So I guess will be the next step which will be to attach a package that includes everything so we can all be on the same page (Chart)

--- 帖子 #134 ---
I have the next version almost ready to go but I am going to test it a couple days first.

It will use the latest suggestions by unimak on getting into a trade.

1) The close inside the cloud and then the close outside the cloud will trigger step #1

2) It will then look for a complete clean closed candle until it finds one, as long as the candles stay closed outside the cloud it will continue to look.

3) If the candle goes back into the cloud before it finds a clean closed candle and closes in the cloud the sequence will start over and it will now wait for a closed candle outside the cloud again.

4) When it finds a clean candle outside the cloud and it is closed it will enter the trade.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Here are a couple chart shots of 3 pairs on 1H time bars, as opposed to range bars.

I did a brief look at the other pairs  and it may be that we put a trade on when price breaks the cloud, get the 10 pip(?) s/l to break even ASAP, and let the thing run. After you get x pips profit, the trailing stop becomes the Span A value. The GBP and the CHF become 'spikey' early and the retracements are significant. 50 pips and more.

In the case of the CHF, the move shown was 344 pips,and with the double bottom W, we'd have closed the trade, before price went back into the cloud for just 238 pips rather than the 330 at the double bottom. Otherwise we'd have made about 440 pips for the 2 months with jump stops that we looked at previously.

The GBP faired better and we'd have garnered about 725 pips with the jump stops during the first 2 months of the year.

The amazing one was the EUR which looks like a grab of 1400+ pips on the 1 hour, and this was because there were decent sized moves in early January and end of February.  The slower Cloud just keeps trades going longer, but the retracements that stop trades on lower TF, just keep going if we can stomach the more significant retracements.  2500 pips for 3 pairs for 2 months is something I pay attention to. I wish I could easily show you more detail.  These Ichi settings are 18, 52, 104 for the slower Cloud.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Hi Seller9;

I have a question;

I have a buying indicator, RangeBarChart_V103a (good and not too expensive) to generate the range bars in offline. My question is if I can use for your Expert or only your RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG ?.

Sorry for my bad English !

Thanks

--- 帖子 #137 ---
The EA that seller9 is writing runs on the rangebar offline chart that is generated with any RangeBar EA, runnuing on the1m chart.  You can generate the offline rangebar chart any way you want to.  I also use RangeBarChart, but I am using v103c.  You can upgrade your version 103a, at no cost, by going to the download link that ForexSystems provided to you when you purchased RangeBarChart_v103a.  There are improvements and new features in v103c.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
The charts I posted last night were too small I was told and missed the GBP, so I try again.  I am amazed that price can stay out of the cloud so long on the longer runs.  These are posted to show you there are significant pips to be had on the longer time frames also.  You can be in profit, but see DDs.  Stay in trades until patterns emrge to tell you to get out, or until price re-touches the Cloud.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
At this time the EA uses the rangebar results on the offline chart that used the RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG indicator to draw. It does not look at or call the indicator by name. So if your indicator gives the same results it should work. Do an offline chart using each indicator and then compare the Open, Close, High, and Low prices in the "Data Window", if they are the same it should work because the EA is using these "Data Window" values. Be sure to check these values on several different candles.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #140 ---
I have added as an option in the next version your idea of trying to pick a clean candle by the amount of movement it has already gone. This will give you the option to select what per cent of the range bar you want to declare a clean candle once this value is reached. So if you are using 15 pip range bars and set this setting to 0.5 (50%), when the PA moves 7 pips in the right direction it will open a trade, this would be on any candle after the one that closed outside the cloud.

I was looking through some charts and I don't know how well this will work as I see some wicks that are almost 15 pips long on 15 pip range bars that would have triggered a trade with this setting and maybe should not have. But this will be part of the testing.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Hi guy`s i`m trying all weekend the get my charts the same as seller9! I downloaden the same indicator RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG! But when i run it my metatrader doesn`t work anymore! I tried a few other renkorangebar scripts, but  with no succes!

I thought if i would download and install the zipfile with templates Seller9 posted that my charts would be the same, but this is also not the story!

Can someone plz help? Would be good if our screens lokked the same for testing this fabalous ea!

Greets,

Rob

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Rob, don't ask me why, but you cannot generate Renkp charts on the weekend when you broker does not have a live feed going.  Wait until Sunday night and RenkoRangeBars should work.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Rob, with respect to your problems loading the templates that seller9 provided in the zip file, I would suggest that you make sure you are runnung the latest MT4 Build -- I believe it is stillBuild 409.  Seller 9 most likely compiled his .exe files using Build 409.  If are running an ealier build than the files were compiled under, it is unlikely that they will load.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
I want to make sure that I am following the right steps for applying the range bar.

1) OPen 1 minute chart

2) Add range bar script

3) open offline chart through "file/Open Offline'

4) apply the ichimoku EA to the offline M2 chart.

Also once I go through these steps the 'Ask line and Bid Line' do not move. It is an offline chart so how do I use the EA to the live feeds.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #145 ---
RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG! this is an INDICATOR so put it in the indicators folder. it's not a script.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
clarification , seller9 , our  ichimoku_u1 version is a opening trade on the opening of the next candle post the clean candle. This was tested last week .

what we are trying to achieve here is suppose the breakout candle is not clean then it continues to search for a clean candle till it gets one on  either side ( buy or sell) to open a trade. and also to determine a candle to be clean while it is forming to fire on the candle which is being formed. ( just fine tuning to get the entry on the clean candle itself rather than on the next )

please let me know if this is possible. otherwise we should move to the portion where we move the sl as the trade progresses .

we will do a scalp version , unlike this one which is for normal trade. The scalp version will have a tighter sl and near zero tolerance to loss.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
The version U2, which I have started testing should do what you stated, I need to run it for a few days to see if it takes trades and how it responds. So far I saw one pair have an alert that it was searching for a clean candle, but it then closed back into the cloud so the search was stopped and now it will wait until it gets a close outside the cloud so it can start its search again. Not enough activity at this time to tell much, will see what hapens when London opens.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
on right track

--- 帖子 #149 ---
I had one trade last night on my test version u2 (Not published yet) and it worked out OK for a winner. My BE/JS may hav been too close as it took me out, but thats Ok as it was a winner and at least went into profit. Looks like I had the BE go first when in profit 25 pips setting the SL 25 pips back for a profit of 5 pips. Then the JS kicked in when the price moved another 5 pips into profit. So the price then retraced and hit my SL. Will see how it goes after a few more days of testing.

Screen shot of time trade was taken

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Screen shot of results

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #150 ---
nice to see the new version firing on the clean candle itself .

--- 帖子 #151 ---
This is one I had the EA on a non conventional RB chart and it managed to get 5 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Hi Seller9,

Very impressed with this EA and the ETB.  I would like to add a more dynamic money management scheme to this process.  I have coded a money management module based on the DDSMM money management scheme.  It is very good at making strategies profitable using money management and I have been putting it my EAs that I have been testing.  I would like to be able to add the module to your EA if you I could, so that I could get a more dynamic lot size.   Please let me know if this possible.

Thanks  - TCO

--- 帖子 #153 ---
unimak is the one you would need to contact as he is the one who is leading the way.

He is using the KISS approach.

I just follow his lead.

The original ichimoku EA is listed under the paper clip, you could add it to that one. This version is just a stripped down version of that one, leaving just the Kumo Break Out.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
This trade just kicked of, will see what happens.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Hello,

I have been reading through the whole thread and tried upgrading the indicators, experts etc as written in the thread... but am still not able to have this ichomoku thing running on the range bars.

If you don't mind could someone please quickly summarise how to make it work.

I have the m2 offline chart working ok and can also load the 'rangebar_script.tpl' or 'ichimoku_ea.tpl' but I think I am making some error in placing the indicators, experts in right folder.

Any help would get me on right track and I hope to add to the thread what all I can...

Regards

Fellow Learner, Trader

--- 帖子 #156 ---
The EA just moved the SL to the top of the cloud.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Try this, I don't know if its the proper way but it works for me.

Word Document enclosed with directions.

Good Luck

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_EA.zip

376 KB
|
1,572 downloads

--- 帖子 #158 ---
quick question , hope the trade fired on the first clean candle since it broke the cloud, cannot makeout from the pic . is the SL moving logic done ?

--- 帖子 #159 ---
All help humbly accepted , as of now we don't want to deviate from what we are presently developing, so there are 2 options, you can add your module to the ea given in my first post and contribute as a separate version , or you can contribute the code to seller9 , and we will use the code provide we find a fitment to it in the current development.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
It was close, 1 pip above cloud.

Testing some settings of a SL that moves to the opposite side of the cloud after a set number of pips of profit and then continues to follow PA as profit increases by a set amount of pips.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
please note that the sl will never leave the cloud but it will follow the cloud value, initial that we set as bottom cloud value minus 3 will change to top value of the cloud in case of buy as the price moves away from cloud from then on the sl job is to keep the value changing as and when the cloud value changes . it will never leave the cloud and enter into the price action area or candle area.

whatever happens in the candle area that is to be taken care by the TP or the trail sl or jumping SL . ( this portion i think is already built in earlier )

please note this.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Perferct,

Thanks a lot for your efforts, though i am at work so would try it once I am home.

I am sure it should work now.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
So are you saying you want a fixed "Broker" stop loss to follow the top of the cloud once in a trade and a "Hidden" one to trail? Only one or the other can be visable to the Broker.

Right now I am just testing the BE/JS stop loss, I will have an example of an open trade in a few minutes.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Screen shot when trade was opened.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Screen shot of present trade, you can see where the BE/JS moved the SL to BE + 5 pips and then has taken 2 jumps of 5 pips each, so we have 15 pips of profit locked in so far.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #165 ---
ok got little confused , now i got the point that we are not using the TP portion and it is left blank, i was thinking that this BE/JS/ setting will be managing the TP .

ok in that case i will just tell my mind and you decide the best course.

we have 3 components here , entry , sl and TP .

entry at clean candle >>>> taken care of by this version .

SL >> the idea of SL is that it will not move out of the cloud and will follow the cloud value , this is the basic job of SL . ( broker SL hidden SL not known to me but you are the best judge to handle the broker part based on past experience of TMS). so initially the sl is set at 3 pips ( user defined ) less the bottom cloud value in case of a buy trade ( this is done ) now when the price bar moves away say 10 pips from the top value of the cloud , we just move the sl to the top value of the cloud from then on the sell will follow the top value of the cloud . ( This idea is to be used for the trade strategy that exit on opposite signal ) even otherwise the sl will not move out of the cloud.

so basically it will follow the value of the top of the cloud in case of a buy trade and it will keep adjusting its value as and when the cloud value of the top changes.

Now we come to the portion where we book profits ..

here i had thought that we will use the TP portion , since we are not doing so  and we are using the trail method of BE/JS . is it possible to have 2 SL

the first SL will not leave the cloud , the second one will keep trail as per the method mentioned in the BE/JS .

suppose a trader puts a TP value in the EA in that case the EA should close the Trade on hitting the TP irrespective of what the value of SL or BE/JS are.

hope I am clear

--- 帖子 #166 ---
once this EA stabilises we move to trading strategies,

Strategy 1 - exit on opposite signal ( here the sl which keeps adjusting with cloud value comes into play as we will not have any BE/JS or Trail SL , this strategy will catch big moves and hit some minor losses )

Strategy 2 - exit via Trail method, which we are presently doing via the BE/JS method.

The above 2 are for normal traders

Scalp Strategy

here once the price move one candle away from the cloud we move the sl from the bottom cloud value minus 3 pips ( user defined) to top of the cloud value.

and keep the trail and start the BE/JS after say 10 pips . this way we will not hit loss and mostly it will be profits or break even .

once the EA stablises we will be moving to settings and see how it simply rakes profits , settings will vary for each currency pair .

--- 帖子 #167 ---
OK, I think we are thinking in the same direction.

Buy Trade:

1) Initial SL at bottom of cloud -3 pips

2) When PA moves a set number of pips above cloud the SL will move to top of cloud and follow it (This is the one the Broker will be sent so it will be visable to him and your safety net if you lose network connection.

3) There will also be a "Hidden" BE/JS that will act just like the one shown in previous post but it will not be visable to the Broker, your computer will take care of this "Hidden" BE/JS, but you must stay connected for it to work. This is a trailing SL and the settings can be set by user.

4) There will also be a fixed TP that will be sent to the Broker with the trade if you want. If you leave it set to zero no TP will be sent and the BE/JS will determine when you exit the trade. If you set it to say 20 pips, if that is hit the trade will close.

This will look very similar to the previous post other than the BE/JS you see on that chart (which the Broker can now see) will be hidden from the Broker and he will only be seeing a SL at the top of the cloud once into the trade.

So the computer needs to be on all the time, if your computer does go off line, when brought back up it should take over the trade and if you are in profit the BE/JS settings and others should start working again, but best to stay on line.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
cool , let us move ahead ...

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Running test on three versions starting now, a new piece added to each one, will see which one breaks first. 12 charts each version.

The one on the right is the trade mentioned above and is still open.

Left to right

u4 , u3 , u2

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Rather quiet right now so cpus are coasting, sucking up most of my memory though.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #172 ---
good, on an avg it should lock 25 -30 pips depending on a the currency , and some 80 pips -100 pips when the big trade kicks in .

Loss if at all happens will be restricted to 10 -15 pips , but there will be no overall loss if the ea runs and takes all the trades suggested.

which means when you see at the end of the day your net will always be on the plus side rather than on the negative side.

This results have been achieved without any fine tuning of the settings.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Hi, Can this system be run manualy with ordinary candles ?

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Hi!

I've been lurking in the forums for a while now, and registered just to say thank you for this great system!  I manually testing it in a demo account and it looks good. I'm really looking forward for the finished ea

One thing I've noticed: There are some brokers who doesn't allow you to give stop loss or take profit orders, if they're closer to the market price than x pips (in my case x=10). You're making the stop loss following the cloud automatically, but if you try to make this happen with those brokers, it will give errors if the cloud is closer to the price than "x" (or if initially when opening the position, and the opening price is so close to the cloud's other side). Can you add an option to turn off this moving stop loss? Or can you add a parameter, that sets the stop loss order's distance at least equal to that (it would be like some kind of minimal stop loss distance)?

The "hidden" - jumping - stop loss would work, because you don't give stop loss order with that, only trigger a sale if the price reach that limit (if I understand correctly).

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Hi,

congratulations on the EA. It looks very promising. I am testing it on a demo account and it is doing very well.

My question is this, I wanted to test it on a live account but every time it tries to open a trade, it returns an error [trade is not disabled].. Is it supposed to return this error or is it my broker fault?

Thank you and greetings from Portugal.

Sorry about this, I solved the problem (broker had my account with a variable spread when I asked for a fixed one)..

--- 帖子 #176 ---
can but then the results will not be very good, since we have gone thru all these cycles of learning , we are using the best technique to hit the bulls eye with great accuracy , it is your choice.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
I have done a lot of screen time today working on the next version and getting things to work the way I think they should. Week is getting short so not much time left this week to test my latest fat fingured fixes, so may be closer to the end of next week before the next version comes out.

This is how it will work: (Buy Trade example)

1) Trade is opened in direction of cloud break out (or you can set manually which way you want to look for the next trade) if you leave it in the auto mode it will trade in the direction of the cloud break out after finding a clean candle. Other wise if a direction is picked to start from it will toggle between Buy and Sell as the trades are opened and closed. The sequence starts with a closed candle inside the cloud, then when a candle closes outside the cloud it will start looking for a clean candle. You can have it wait for a clean closed candle or you can set it so once the Bid is the value of your range bars pips above the cloud it will open a trade before waiting for the candle to close. Your taking a chance this way but it may get you a few more pips or may be good for scalping. If the PA goes back into the cloud and closes inside the cloud before a clean candle is found the sequence resets and starts over again and now you need to close outside the cloud again before it will start looking for a clean candle again. Close inside / close outside starts the look for clean candle.

2) Once it finds a clean candle a trade is placed with the "Broker" sent stop loss at the bottom of the cloud (Buy Trade)

3) Once the Bid + RangeBar PIPs greater than the top of the cloud (Buy Trade) the "Broker" stop loss will be moved to the top of the cloud. The "Broker" stop loss from here on will now follow the top of the cloud as it moves up or down.

Question for unimak:

Do you want this cloud stop loss to move both up and down or I can make it so it never goes any lower but moves up only (Buy trade)? Right now it follows the top of the cloud (Buy trade),  up or down as it moves.

4) Once a trade is in place the BE/JS takes over, this stop loss is

"Hidden" from the Broker and is only seen by your computer, so it should be left on. This Hidden stop loss will then adjust to what ever settings you have in place for it. This stop loss must be hidden or it will compete with Broker stop loss at the cloud already sent to the Broker, they would just keep changing back and forth. The BE/JS would advance the stop Loss up and the Cloud stop loss would bring it back down to the cloud, this would drive your Broker crazy.

5) There is also a fixed Take Profit target you can set that is sent to the Broker if you want to, leave it at zero and none will be sent and the Cloud Stop Loss or BE/JS will determine your exit, or what ever we add for exit in future releases.

Below are some screen shots of a open trades, the red line is the Broker sent stop loss and the yellow line is the hidden computer stop loss. In 2 of these examples the yellow line (Hidden stop loss) is not in the right place as I had stopped and restarted the EA as I did fixes to the code, so right now it is based on the PA of where the PA is at now. It would have been stopped out sooner as you can see PA took a dip and probably would have hit the BE/JS that was set at that time, but since I didn't have it running durring that dip the EA only is going by what the PA was at when I restarted it.

As you can see it caught 3 trades, the arrows are not present where the trades took place because of the the restarts and reloads, but you should be able to tell by the green line. These trades were set to wait for a closed clean candle. If you do load the EA onto an active trade it will take control of it.

In the first screen shot you can see there was a first trade that got stopped out when it went back into the cloud and the BE had already been moved to the top of the cloud. It has now entered another trade in the same direction and you can see the stop loss has been moved to the top of the cloud. Right now once the PA goes your range bar pip setting above the cloud (in this case 15 pips), the cloud stop loss is moved to the top, maybe give it more space and increase that setting, will probaly make it user selectable.

Maybe unimak can shed some light on this and maybe there is something we can change to avoid this or just go the course as you will have some losers.

unimak: One last question, in a previous post you mentioned using the opposite signal to exit, what exactly do you mean? Also how would maybe the Tenken and Kjun reversal work as an exit.

For comparison, the loss so far on this first one becuase of the first trade it took was -2.99, and as you can see the other two are doing very well.

Now that I think I got the latest bugs out I will be testing the same last version u4 on two different accounts, same Broker, using close clean candle on one and the faster entry on the other just to see what the difference could be.

This EA looks to have potential.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #178 ---
@seller9

In the first screen shot you can see there was a first trade that got stopped out when it went back into the cloud and the BE had already been moved to the top of the cloud. It has now entered another trade in the same direction and you can see the stop loss has been moved to the top of the cloud. Right now once the PA goes your range bar pip setting above the cloud (in this case 15 pips), the cloud stop loss is moved to the top, maybe give it more space and increase that setting, will probaly make it user selectable.

Maybe unimak can shed some light on this and maybe there is something we can change to avoid this or just go the course as you will have some losers.

>>>> please make this user selectable , like say we move the sl to the top when we are 2 bars away or 3 bars away, the bar value will be taken from the

range bars, as in future when we will come to the setting portion , we will not be using this default 15 pips, and for each currency it will vary . so we make it  user selectable , so suppose we have a 10 pip range bar , we say when 2 bars move from the cloud top and we get a gap of 20 pips we move it to the top of the cloud. Please note this is mentioned in the scalp strategy and not for normal trade. for normal trade we can even relax it if it is made user selectable. ( 20 pips arrived by 2 bars of 10 pip each so 2 bars x 10 pips = 20 pips ) not based on the value that is being drawn on the screen .

we can easily do this by getting the top value of the cloud and add the 2 candle range bar value ( user has to set this ) and check with the price, if the price matches then we move the sl from bottom of the cloud to the top of the cloud.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
@seller 9

Question for unimak:

Do you want this cloud stop loss to move both up and down or I can make it so it never goes any lower but moves up only (Buy trade)? Right now it follows the top of the cloud (Buy trade),  up or down as it moves.

>>>>> Yes the Cloud sl moves as per the cloud , this is needed to take care of the dips that PA takes in the course of a big trade. however this option if it can be made as a toggle where the user can select it will be good. so those who are risk averse will just toggle the selection in such a way that the cloud SL only moves up and does not come down at all but the cloud sl should never leave the cloud . so when the cloud value dips it will not adjust lower but when it moves up it will adjust up provided the trade is still on without getting stopped out.

Right now it follows the top of the cloud (Buy trade),  up or down as it moves.

>>> correct settings .

--- 帖子 #180 ---
@seller9

unimak: One last question, in a previous post you mentioned using the opposite signal to exit, what exactly do you mean? Also how would maybe the Tenken and Kjun reversal work as an exit.

>>>>>>>>>> ok when a user selects this strategy , the condition is the EA runs all time , so when this is ensured the user just does not put any TP or BE/JS etc so he just has a default Cloud SL which is moving with the top of the cloud after the initial setting at the bottom of the cloud. now he will exit the trade via cloud sl trigger  and then when the sell kicks in he will enter the trade and keep repeating as and when the trade moves from buy to sell and sell to buy all exits to the trade will be via cloud SL trigger only .

Also how would maybe the Tenken and Kjun reversal work as an exit. >>> explained above, let us not explore this for now.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
@seller9 , question , there is a small color bar which comes on the screen next to the ichimoku settings which is displayed on the screen, sometimes it is green sometime it is yellow,

what does it signify ?

ichimoku 9/26/52/1 : ( color bar )  ????

--- 帖子 #182 ---
question seller9 ,

can the ea trade on a normal screen with no indicators loaded on the screen ( m2 range bar screen but no indicators loaded )  , if the indicators are in built in the EA code , then we do not need to load the indicators on the screen and let the EA do the job . only when we need to verify  the EA we load the indicators for us to see .

I am thinking if this can be done then it will reduce the processor and memory load and we can make the ea take trade in lot of currency in one go .

please clarify

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Hi Seller 9,

This EA is the bees knees. My compliments to you and Unimark

Super directions on setting up the renko charts. The problem I have however is that when seeking to open M20 offline charts, for some currency pairs, I have only data points of below 100.  This occurs on both my demo accounts, Alpari and Sig Trader, and with pairs like EURUSD, GBPCHF, AUDNZD to mention just a few.

I would appreciate your help in resolving this

--- 帖子 #184 ---
As per the document, do I need to keep open the 1M Chart also along with M20?

--- 帖子 #185 ---
@seller9 there is still one grey area in the Cloud SL management that is in the chicken neck area of the cloud , we will come to that once the present one stabilises. This is at the initial cloud sl settings when it is set for the first time. There is a small bug we will revisit this later after the release of the current version.

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Yes.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
You need more M1 data.  With your M1 chart open press the Home key until your finger gets tired or no more data is downloaded.  If this is still not enough go to Tools, Options, Charts and increase the Max bars in history and Max bars in chart.  This can go up to 500,000 or more, but will probably slow up your MT4.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
we need to counter the chicken neck zone of the cloud in the EA program , This is a bug in the initial cloud SL setting .

I have attached the pic so that we can use the weekend to counter this problem.

This bug forces you out of a winning trade and makes it a losing one . although the trade goes on to be a winner later.

The rule should be SL below the cloud and minus 3 pips ( user defined ) ( this is for cloud SL initial setting )

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Yellow = No trade

Green = Buy Trade

Red = Sell Trade

--- 帖子 #190 ---
All you need are the range bars to get the bar values from, nothing else is needed, they are just for looks and confirmation to see if EA is working correctly. The Ea calculates all the ichimoku information it needs itself.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
This was another question I was going to ask and maybe would help that problem.

Question: On what bar or future bar should the SL be based?

At the present time the SL is placed below and then jumps to the top all based on the cloud at the present candle. How about if we use the values of the cloud all the way to the right (Future Cloud)?

So if your cloud settings were 9/26/52/1 we would use the 26th bar to the right or the farthest one to the right.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #192 ---
That wont solve the problem as you can see from the chart if we set it to the 26th future candle , it would have triggered the sl .

we need to find the future cloud's lowest value and set is 3 pip below it . and there should be no value below this, we can scan the future cloud 26 values to find the least one and set the cloud sl 3 pips below it. just the opposite for a sell trade. this will solve the problem .

--- 帖子 #193 ---
OK, will do it that way and give it a try.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Sir,

Thanks for this.

I got a tired finger.  This spurred me to a work around.

I think I have found the answer in Steve Hopwood's forum at:
http://www.stevehopwoodforex.com/php...php?f=15&t=254

Regards

--- 帖子 #195 ---
@ seller 9 can you add a Alert to the the cloudmatrix indicator ?so that when a kumo breakout happens it pops a alert stating that " eusd has given a signal "

--- 帖子 #196 ---
The pop up is already there and should be working when a trade is signaled.

You also have the following.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Not much to report, seems everything I have the EA on is in a up or down trend and above or below the cloud at this time, they will probably all break through at the same time.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
hi seller9, would you mind pointing me to where I can download the latest version of you EA please? am pretty sure it isnt the one mentioned in the 1st post. thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
we are waiting for the release of the latest version with all the changes suggested , it is on the way right now being tested.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
thanks unimak. cant wait

--- 帖子 #201 ---
refer to 119 post for the last updated version , this is not perfect has some bugs.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
OK, this one triggered will see what it is going to do. It triggered on completed clean candle, and stop loss has moved from the bottom of the cloud to the top already. I am using the highest of the cloud of the present plus future 26 bars to determine this stop loss. When the trade opened it used the lowest of the cloud of the present plus future 26 bars to determine the initial stop loss. (-3 pips)

You can see by looking at the info window that the EA was a Buyer when the trade was made, once the trade was placed the EA then became a Seller and when this trade closes the EA will be looking for a Sell Trade.

I am only using the trailing cloud stop loss as an exit in this trade, no take profit has been placed.

Initial Trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Present Trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #203 ---
seller9: Why is your range bars and kumo looks different than mine? I use the same indi for 15 pip range bars as you (RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG), and the same ichimoku settings (9,26,52)?

Here's my screenshot:
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...0&d=1331850452

--- 帖子 #204 ---
When are you planning to release this EA version(U3)?

--- 帖子 #205 ---
@ seller 9 >>>post the release of the latest version , we can do one final fine tuning of the entry in case of a buy trade , the ea will not open trade on break out but immediately on brkout it will can to the lowest value among the 26 future cloud values and shoot a pending order at 1 pip plus the lowest future cloud value .

rest remains the same.

can be implemented as switch so that user can select the entry based on a clean candle or a pending order at the lowest value of the 26 future cloud values post the kumo breakout.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Does this version include the range bar programm ?

--- 帖子 #207 ---
no that is separate , this is just the ea

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Please forward a link for the range bar programm

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Or, does the EA work the same with or without the range bar programm ?

I mean is the range bar programm necesary for the performance of the EA or, is to visualize the way it actualy works?

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Enter the name of the rangebar indie you want in the search box at the top of the page beside your user name and the clock and you will be referred to places where it has been posted on FF.  It can then be downloaded from the paperclip at the top of the thread page you find it in.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
This is the one I use and the EA is based on. Others probably will work but I haven't tested them to see if they give the same answers.

Attached Image

Attached File(s)   RenkoRangeBarsV1.2 R_KG.ex4

11 KB
|
580 downloads

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Take a look at the trades placed by u3 the last couple of days and see what you think. There are 4 trades and they are still all open. The red dotted line is the stop loss sent to the Broker when the trade was placed and the yellow line is the Hidden BEJS trailing behind. The BEJS has to be Hidden so it does not interfere with the Broker Stop Loss which is following the cloud. 3 trades have profit locked in the the forth just started so will have to wait until next market open to see how it goes. I had a few bugs to fix so only been testing this version a couple of days. The first shot is when the trade was placed and the second was taken a few moments ago to show where the trade is presently at. The last 2 are in the next post.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Here is the latest version that I was using in the previous 2 posts. The default settings are what I was using.

When you first place the EA on a chart decide what type of trade you want the EA to start looking for, "Buyer or Seller", you must set either "Buyer = true" or "Seller = true", don't set them both to true. Once started and a trade is entered the EA will then change it self to the opposite as that is what it will be looking for when the present trade is closed. The EA will toggle back and forth between Buyer and Seller on its own as trades are placed,  you must start it in the right direction the first time. The info panel will tell you what it is presently looking for in the next trade. So if you are in an OPEN LONG TRADE it should say "Seller", as that is what it will be looking for when the present LONG TRADE closes. You should go through all the pairs you have the EA on and set them correctly and you should also check on them a couple times a day just to make sure they are correct, as if the EA doesn't take a trade you thought it should have it could get out of sync. Also if you place the EA on an open trade it will ask you if you want  to manage the trade, YES YOU DO, if you say NO the EA could open another trade on the same pair. If you answer YES then what ever you have set up for stop loss and take profit will be in affect. One last thing, the Take Profit setting is sent to the Broker, so if it is hit before any of the BEJS setttings if used it will close the trade, probably best to leave it at zero. The stop loss that is sent to the Broker is based on the cloud usage as explained in previous posts.

All in all this is a very simple EA but looks like it should be capable of making some pips. Lets try and KISS.

Please post your results.

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u3.ex4

40 KB
|
549 downloads

--- 帖子 #215 ---
initial reaction on seeing the images version u3 >>>>> the sl is now being correctly placed under the cloud minus 3 pips and also since it seems to be seeing the future 26 cloud values it is placing the sl correctly below the cloud value, meaning the sl never enters the cloud are in the future also .

BE/JS , this portion seems to be ok  as it is tested from TMS thread

Cloud SL >>> represented by the red line, this has not been done properly it seems the cloud sl should never leave the cloud and enter the price area but in the picture it seems to have gone deep into the price area to cover the profits of the trade. The profit covering job is done by the BE/JS and the cloud sl which is sent to broker is kept and moved as per cloud values and never leaves the cloud.

entry , seems the entry is getting fired on the next candle post the clean candle, please revert on this , atleast from the pic it looks so, earlier we had it firing on the clean candle itself.

so basically 2 points >> clean candle firing for entry , cloud sl should not enter price area the rest seems to be ok .

will test u3 then post further results.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
I had kept the previous EA on my platform for almost one week. It didnt take any trades even though there were some opportunities...  Does it depend on the internet speed or the computer power as this is working on a offline chart. How do I know that the EA is running properly...can we add some display of a counter or something which continuously increments for every pip or something.....so, we know that its working......

--- 帖子 #217 ---
I can change the cloud stop loss, right now it follows the future cloud, top and bottom, it just seems if it follows the present cloud it is too far away to be of any use when the PA starts to move away from the cloud. As you can see in the examples it worked OK and gives real good Broker stop loss protection once the PA starts to go in your favor.

The trade fires on the open of the candle after the clean candle, the clean candle has to be closed, then the trade fires.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
right now it follows the future cloud, top and bottom

it just seems if it follows the present cloud it is too far away to be of any use when the PA starts to move away from the cloud.>>>>>>>>>>

NO , cloud sl seems to be correctly done , pls keep it that way , the cloud sl never leaves the cloud, for a buy trade it starts 3 pip below the cloud and once the trade starts moving in our favor it starts following the upper value of the cloud and keeps changing its value as and when the cloud upper value changes as trade progresses. This is fine if it has been done . No rethink on this .

The trade fires on the open of the candle after the clean candle, the clean candle has to be closed, then the trade fires >>>>>>>>>>>>

This should be made to fire on the clean candle itself as it is forming , this was previously done , should have been kept that way . no need to wait for the clean candle to close and then fire, just fire on the clean candle as it is being formed.

rest i will test and get back on monday . Refer to your post #160 where you have done it ,( clean candle firing) .

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hi,

Could somebody please assist me as to the reason why two different brokers react differently when running RenkoRangeBarsV1.2  EA on the MT4 platforms

When I put the EA on FXDD MT4 platform it quickly consumes the computers resources and memory and I have to switch if off !

If I use exactly the same EA but with PepperStone MT4 platform - I have no problems at all.

What could be possible happened to cause the difference ???

--- 帖子 #220 ---
I am having no problems with FXDD demo.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
OK, please clarify the following.

1) What determines a clean candle if it is not closed? What criteria do you want to use?

Previously the Trade was placed right after the candle that closed above the cloud ( Buy Example) as long as the Bid was above the top of the cloud, this seems a little risky.

2) Is this what you want with the cloud stop loss? (Buy Trade example)

Initial stop loss when trade is opened to be at Bottom of cloud (Future values used) - 3 pips. Once trade is open and stop loss flips to top of cloud then follow the present cloud top values ( present candle not the future candle values)

I can make these corrections real quick with just a few simple changes to the present EA, just let me know which way to go and I can get it done before the next open.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
for Renko or Range bars these below are the ones i use to  create OFFLINE charts 2 are EA's the other 2 are indicators they do the  same as the EA's, i recommend using the Indicators because it uses less CPU ressources.

Offline Charts

EA version -if you have a Strategy EA open on an OFFLINE Chart, it will make either one not function properly.

RenkoLiveChart_v3.3.ex4
RenkoLiveChart_v3.3x2.mq4 (this EA creates 2 offline charts at once, so it takes less CPU ressources)

Indicator versions (it's not a Script or EA)

-to use if you want an EA to work on an OFFLINE chart

RenkoRangeBarsV1.2 R_KG.mq4
RenkoLiveChart-Not EA.mq4

Hope this is helpfull

--- 帖子 #223 ---
2) Is this what you want with the cloud stop loss? (Buy Trade example)

Initial stop loss when trade is opened to be at Bottom of cloud (Future values used) - 3 pips. Once trade is open and stop loss flips to top of cloud then follow the present cloud top values ( present candle not the future candle values)

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> yes

1) What determines a clean candle if it is not closed? What criteria do you want to use?

Previously the Trade was placed right after the candle that closed above the cloud ( Buy Example) as long as the Bid was above the top of the cloud, this seems a little risky.

>>>>> let us take a example , suppose the cloud top value for eusd is 1.3400  , and we can say a candle is a clean one when it is forming if the low of the candle is 1.3401 and the high is 1.3416 in case of a 15 pip range bar. so in case we find the high of the breakout candle to 1.3416 then automatically the candle is a clean one and we can safely fire on that candle as it is forming.

I know this logic is a not the best but if there is some better logic to determine a clean candle as it is forming then please go for it to achieve the entry firing on the clean candle itself.

Also it will continue to search for a clean candle post the breakout to fire on the clean candle, if the present one is not a clean candle, then it will search for the next one and the process continues till it finds a clean candle and fires on it . ( I think this portion is done pls confirm )

--- 帖子 #224 ---
@seller 9

1) What determines a clean candle if it is not closed? What criteria do you want to use?

Previously the Trade was placed right after the candle that closed above the cloud ( Buy Example) as long as the Bid was above the top of the cloud, this seems a little risky.

>>>>>>>

in the worst case we go for it , as the last option if no safe way is there to find a candle to be clean as it is forming .

We have to make the EA take entry  on the clean candle.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
That very helpful indeed - thank you

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Just thought of a bug in version u4, will repost version u4 later this evening, sorry.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
OK, here it is with unimak's idea of looking for a clean candle before it closes. Set "Usecleancandleclose = false' to try it, clean candle close will still be in affect also. If you set it to true only a closed clean candle will be looked for.

I also changed the trailing cloud stop loss back to the present cloud value  but left the initial cloud stop loss as the highest or lowest of the future cloud values.

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u4.ex4

40 KB
|
466 downloads

--- 帖子 #228 ---
As we start the testing of version 4 these are points we need to test ,

1. entry on the clean candle itself

2. in case of a breakout but no clean candle the ea continues to search for a clean candle in the next one and it continues in the same way till it finds a clean candle to open a trade on it.

3. initial cloud stop loss will be set below the lowest future cloud value in case of a buy trade minus 3 pips ( user defined )

4. The cloud SL will flip to the top value of the cloud of the present candle once the trade starts hitting profits , from here on it will keep moving as per the present candle's top cloud value.

5. The profit will be booked by the TP given by the user , incase of no TP being given then the profit will be booked by the BE/JS logic.

6. The EA will flip from buyer to seller and seller to buyer automatically, only you have set the inital mode that is buyer or seller.

7. In case you are testing the strategy of exit on opposite signal then just let the cloud SL take care of the entire thing and no need to put any BE/JS

Please refer to my post on strategy .

If all our test goes thru then we will move to settings as the trade management portion has been taken care of.

Happy Testing & Best of Luck

--- 帖子 #229 ---
@ seller 9 what is this option job ? (bars from cloudslflip = 1 )

--- 帖子 #230 ---
This is not necessarily about 2 different brokers, but more likely the result of having different setups on your different MT4s.  It is the corollary of having lots of data in your History and on your 1M charts, so in many ways your question is the opposite of Nicastro's.  If you want to sort it, go to Tools, Options, Charts and reduce the Max bars in history and Max bars in chart on your FXDD MT4.  You will need to re-start your FXDD MT4 for this to have its effect.  Other things to do to speed up your MT4, and I can't remember whether this is in the thread about MT4 or not, is to strip out any unnecessary indies, EAs, templates and profiles, and open up Market Watch, right click and select Hide All.  Also can't swear to this, but wouldn't be surprised if de-selecting any toolbars you can live without may help.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Thank you - what you say rings very true, I have just started with PepperStone but have been with FXDD for a long time so it would make sense about the volume data in history having an effect - thank you again

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Ea got and EA finally- looking good

--- 帖子 #233 ---
the sl moved alarm should only fire once after it moves the cloud sl. I find it is going on and on .

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Status report :

1. entry on the clean candle itself >>> takes it , should i set it a buyer and seller or only buyer and it will flip it off any way have now put it on a vps , let us c how it works thru

2. in case of a breakout but no clean candle the ea continues to search for a clean candle in the next one and it continues in the same way till it finds a clean candle to open a trade on it. >>> not tested

3. initial cloud stop loss will be set below the lowest future cloud value in case of a buy trade minus 3 pips ( user defined )  >>> works fine

4. The cloud SL will flip to the top value of the cloud of the present candle once the trade starts hitting profits , from here on it will keep moving as per the present candle's top cloud value.>> it does flip some confusion in understanding here , may be need to slow down the flip

5. The profit will be booked by the TP given by the user , incase of no TP being given then the profit will be booked by the BE/JS logic.

>>> has booked as per this logic, overlooking this portion as i think this is well tested, others please check this portion for bugs if any

6. The EA will flip from buyer to seller and seller to buyer automatically, only you have set the inital mode that is buyer or seller. >>> need to verify . seller9 input needed .

7. In case you are testing the strategy of exit on opposite signal then just let the cloud SL take care of the entire thing and no need to put any BE/JS >>> not tested pending .

--- 帖子 #235 ---
This is the number of bars the Bid is above the cloud (Buy Trade) before the stop loss flips to the top of the cloud. With a setting of 1 it should flip as soon as a clean candle happens.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
In regards to 4)

Right now the flip happens when the Bid is a certain number of bars above cloud top (Buy Trade), default is 1. This can be changed to flip when we go into profit, that may be a better choice.

Let me know and I can change it in the next version.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
>>> this needs to be looked into before we code, flipping when in profit is one option.

question :- what happens if i select buyer and seller to be true at the start of the ea, how will it react. ?

--- 帖子 #238 ---
@seller 9

started a new thread for the pivot ea ,

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=348939

we initally start with discussions , in these discussions we will be trying to make a manual system into a EA just the way we did for the present.

The present one has very little development left  and mostly it will be testing with minor tweaks here and there,

Let us see how this one progresses.

Both these EA are based on a highly successful and reliable manual systems.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
EA rocks from 10 gmt to 17.30 gmt hours.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
we need to make the sl moved alert to pop up once when it moved the cloud sl and then keep quiet, right now it goes on and on . Also the flip need to be slowed, these are 2 problems so far

--- 帖子 #241 ---
I got these 2 entries

Short GBP-CHF

Short AUD-USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #243 ---
@seller9

We need to apply the flip when we are atleast 10 clean pips away from the cloud ( prefer this to be user defined ) and when the flip does happen we need to make the cloud sl follow the top cloud value minus 3 pips ( user defined) so that it stays in the trade for a long period of time and handles the pull backs.

I think if this is done it will slow down the flip and also prevent unnecessary SL trigger to exit a profitable trade.

we need to stop the cloud sl moved alert to go only when it moves the cloud sl right now i think it is going into a loop and goes on and on .

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Trailing stop not working correct for Sell trades. It is changing the SL as per the Buy/Long trades.

For Short trades it is shifting the Cloud SL to up direction.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #245 ---
I need a screen shot showing what you mean.

Are you using the BEJS hidden trailing stop? This does not affect the stop loss that is sent to the Broker.

The Broker stop loss follows the cloud (Up and Down) for a short trade. For a short trade it will followthe bottom of the cloud once it flips from the top of the cloud. It will move up or down depending on the bottom of the cloud.

The BEJS, which only the EA knows about follows the settings of the BEJS, this is the yellow line.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
subscribing to thread.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
OK, I will change it so it only alerts when it does the flip, after that it will not alert everytime it moves.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
It will take the first trade that breaks out of the cloud, it could be either a Buy or Sell, depending on the direction of the break out. A break out always starts with a closed candle inside the cloud.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
OK, will do.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Hi seller9;

This morning the EA open a short entry AUDUSD, but at +35 pips not move at Break Even .

Thanks

--- 帖子 #251 ---
no you got me wrong , it should always fire a alert when it moves the cloud sl right now i thing it is alerting too many times for one move of sl

--- 帖子 #252 ---
I agree the break even on u_u4 isn't working.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Don't forget the spread of 5.3

You have to buy it back at the Ask.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Short AUD-JPY went down around 35 pips but breakeven was not triggered. Finally it went to 12 pips loss

Same case for AUD-USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #255 ---
4) With the following settings once you reach 15 pips of profit the SL will be moved to BE + 5 pips. Also everytime the profit increases another 5 pips the SL will move up 5 pips (for a Buy trade). This will act like a trailing stop but will jump only 5 pips at a time. You can set the IchiJumpingStopPips to something else if you like, if you set it to zero it will disable the JS like in the first two examples.

IchiBreakEvenPips=10;

IchiBreakEvenProfit=5;

IchiJumpingStopPips=5;

clarification @ seller 9 ----- with the above setting >> With the following settings once you reach 15 pips of profit the SL ( once you reach 15 pip profit or 10 pip profit )

also what should be the setting for moving to breakeven the moment the profit hits 10 pips

is it the bottom one  ??

IchiBreakEvenPips=5;

IchiBreakEvenProfit=5;

IchiJumpingStopPips=5;

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Hi thanks to unimak for introducing this strategy and to you for the EA. Please find below the snapshot of USDCHF....the EA hasnt taken any trades for me thus far...am i doing something wrong or do i need to tweak the settings abit... looking forward to your reply

Regards

Raza

--- 帖子 #257 ---
i find that the BE is working fine, we need to fine tune the settings and understand it in the first place how it works, also we need to inputs from seller 9  about the time field , it refers to which time , broker or gmt ??

The good part is the EA is  hitting profits , the bad part is due to our own wrong setting of BE/JS the profits vanish . so once this is understood then I am sure we will be locking profits.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
only problem with this version is the cloud sl flip portion, even when i put 5 bars to check and then flip , it flips in the next bar, need to slow down the flipping

otherwise this is a killer , kudos to seller9

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Trouble is with cloud sl flip it flips too fast even when in setting it is given 5 bars later to flip . am i missing something ? need to slow the flip

--- 帖子 #260 ---
when i am selecting buyer and seller , it takes the buy trade and then gets ready to sell once the buy trade closes but does not fire the entry when the sell comes . instead "it says looking for a clean candle ".

Those who are testing please report your findings.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Short AUD-JPY - 42 pips as of now...

But again initially SL was 80.00 and now shifted to 80.05

Also how the break even should work?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #262 ---
IchiBreakEvenPips=5;

IchiBreakEvenProfit=5;

IchiJumpingStopPips=5;

In the above example the stop loss will move to break even plus 5 pips profit once 5 pips of profit is reached and then move 5 pips for every 5 pips more of profit. The thing is you will be setting the stop loss right at the current price.

In the following the stop loss will move to break even plus 5 pips of profit when 10 pips of profit is reached and then the stop loss will jump 5 pips for every 5 pips more of profit. The stop loss will then be 5 pips below the present price.

IchiBreakEvenPips=10;

IchiBreakEvenProfit=5;

IchiJumpingStopPips=5;

The following will move to break even when profit hits 10 pips and then stop loss will jump 5 pips every time the profit increases another 5 pips. The stop loss will be 10 pips below the present price.

IchiBreakEvenPips=10;

IchiBreakEvenProfit=0;

IchiJumpingStopPips=5;

--- 帖子 #263 ---
The stop loss follows the cloud UP or DOWN.

Check my previous post on how the BEJS works.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
This will be changed in next version to user defined number of pips from cloud before flip.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
It only trades on break out from the cloud and if you have it started in the right direction by setting Buyer or Seller to true.

Do you have any screen shots of trades that may have been missed, and was the EA on the chart when the trade was missed? All break outs must start with a closed candle inside the cloud.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Thanks for the reply....well I hadnt set the buyers & sellers to true before....but now have them set ...probably that's the reason a sell on audusd was missed....my bad...thanks again...pips to you

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Can someone help explain why these two charts look different. They are from different brokers. How do I know which one is showing the right settings. Thank you...

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Version 4 BE and SL are not working properly, I think. Even the stealth SL (yellow line) is not showing. They were all working in version 3.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Found the bug in the BEJS Hidden Trailing Stop that was causing the BEJS not to function when in a short trade. Works Ok in a Long Trade but does not fire when in a short trade, will fix in next version. This snuck in on me when I changed the BEJS to a Hidden BEJS so it would not conflict with the cloud stop loss sent to the Broker.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Nice to see a profit of 69 pips , we need to sort out the bugs in the cloud SL and the BE/JS side , the entry is fine .

waiting for new version release with these bug fixes

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Present Testing Status :-

1. entry on the clean candle itself

works fine

2. in case of a breakout but no clean candle the ea continues to search for a clean candle in the next one and it continues in the same way till it finds a clean candle to open a trade on it.

works fine

3. initial cloud stop loss will be set below the lowest future cloud value in case of a buy trade minus 3 pips ( user defined )

works fine

4. The cloud SL will flip to the top value of the cloud of the present candle once the trade starts hitting profits , from here on it will keep moving as per the present candle's top cloud value.

Bug flips too fast.

5. The profit will be booked by the TP given by the user , incase of no TP being given then the profit will be booked by the BE/JS logic.

TP books the profit given by the user , BE/JS logic books profit provided it works, bug identified,

6. The EA will flip from buyer to seller and seller to buyer automatically, only you have set the inital mode that is buyer or seller.

not satisfied, some problem here  when one trade is thru , in the next one it changes mode and says " searching for a clean candle " although one can see a clean candle it does not fire.

7. In case you are testing the strategy of exit on opposite signal then just let the cloud SL take care of the entire thing and no need to put any BE/JS

Not tested . Some members please test and report.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Not sure if this is required in the EA.

Yesterday, for USD-CAD, priced shooted up and EA  tried to put a LONG trade. Somehow, the LONG trade was not accepted by  broker due to heavey movement in the price action.

In that case, EA did only 1 attempt to place the trade. after a fail, it did not tried to place the trade.

Should this be included in the EA to recheck if  that trade is placed on the pair and if not then try again untill trade  is placed.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Currently, this AUD-JPY short is on 87.89 running (150 pips profit) with SL set to 87.79. I'll update when this trade gets closed on SL or on opposite signal. If this information could help anywhere in the EA.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #274 ---
great just post the range bar size and allow this trade to close via the cloud sl trigger and not via the BE/JS . just let the cloud sl handle the entire thing

--- 帖子 #275 ---
If my broker's platform using 5 digits, should I multiply the pip values by 10 in the ea's settings?

The EA catched 2 trades this morning on the eurjpy and gbpjpy pairs. I've closed both of them manually, since the be/js doesn't working in the current version. 220 pips profit! That's really good.

Meanwhile there was about 2-3 other setups that the ea didn't catch, just saying "looking for clean candle". In the last couple of days it made big losses on the usdcad pair (fake breakouts).

--- 帖子 #276 ---
zool right now restrict yourself to usdchf, eu, ej, au, gu , usdjpy cadjpy currency . it cannot make huge loss as the cloud sl if it triggers will result in a 15 pip max loss.

This is not fully tuned as of now , so we need to wait for the stable EA version

--- 帖子 #277 ---
I might be too late, but do you need help with that part? I'll give my hand in it!  cause I've been working on fixing it. I just back tested it, and now it seems fine. I am forward testing on demo right now to see if it's fixed. Let me know if you want me to post it. I will post it as soo as confirmed that it works fine on this part if you need the debug version.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
you are free to post the code , all help welcome .

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Here is version u5, I don't have time to explain changes now, but they are what unimak suggested and you should be able to figure them out from the settings. It made it through the night OK and the BEJS seems to be working now for short trades. You should be able to replace u4 with this one, if you put it on a trade thats already open just open the EA properties and do your settings and when you click OK it will ask you if you want to manage the trade, just say yes and it will manage the trade according to your settings. If you are in profit enough the BEJS should kick in according to what you have set.

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u5.ex4

39 KB
|
408 downloads

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Can you please answer to this?

"If my broker's platform using 5 digits, should I multiply the pip values by 10 in the ea's settings?"

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Great Job, Many thanks for the quick turn around.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Sorry, I forgot to remove the alert for every time the cloud stop loss gets updated, it does leave a lot of alerts in the pop up. Will get it next time.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Sorry for late answer, early Spring is here in Wisconsin so need to get the yard work done before the weeds take over and get a foot hold.

The answer is no.

//Adapt to x digit criminals

int multiplier;

if(Digits == 2 || Digits == 4) multiplier = 1;

if(Digits == 3 || Digits == 5) multiplier = 10;

if(Digits == 6) multiplier = 100;

if(Digits == 7) multiplier = 1000;

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #284 ---
It just dawned on me that I think you wanted the cloud stop loss to flip after a user selectable number of pips of profit, right now it is a user selectable number of pips from the cloud, (pips between cloud top and Bid, in a Buy), is this correct? Will change in next version if thats the way you want it. Probably makes more sense to use profit as a guide for the flip.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
I corrected the stop loss flip so it now uses the pips in profit before flip and I also removed the alert every time the cloud stop loss moves, those are the only two changes.

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u6.ex4

39 KB
|
437 downloads

--- 帖子 #286 ---
hey seller 9  thanks for the latest update.

im confused though about buyer and seller settings.  is it possible to select buyer and seller to true for simplicity's sake? is there any drawback to this?

if we need to select one, then how do we judge initially if it should be a buyer or a seller? and presumably if we do select one, it will change subsequently as required?

thanks

--- 帖子 #287 ---
I had thoughts on having a "Auto" selection that would go with the trade depending on which way it came out of the cloud. I need to look at the code to see just how it will react to having them both set to true. I believe it will go the direction of the breakout from the cloud, after that it will start to toggle. So if it breaks out to the top of the cloud and finds a clean candle it will open a buy trade and then get set for a sell trade after the present buy trade closes and toggle from there on.

I just look at the last trade that should have taken place, if the last trade was a sell than I set the EA to look for a buy. So if your in a long down trend set it to Buy = true and wait for a reversal to go long when it breaks out through the top of the cloud.

You may want to get unimak's input on this as I think he is looking for alernating back and forth between buy and sell.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
cheers for the explanation, i sort of figured as much.

an autobuysell feature a la experts tool box  would be simpler, but  this is fine.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
hey,,guyzz hope am not getting here late been trying to catchup on this,,besides ts my first time to read throu' this n new to the system ,,will be grateful for any heads up here,,,

--- 帖子 #290 ---
all our values are bid values , so clean 10 pip profit ( use selectable as we need to adjust this figure based on curreny pair , like gjpy which need to be handled differently ) we flip . suppose cloud top in eu is 1.3550 and we hit 1.3360 so clean 10 pip profit so cloud sl should be 1.3550 minus ( user selectable pips as buffer normally kept for false spikes and spread ) . in our case it is 3 pips . so 1.3547 will be the cloud sl . ( in case of a buy trade )

cloud bottom value can be say 1.3533 ( minus 3 pips user selectable ) as initial cloud sl  1.3530

so 1.3550 entry  cloud sl 1.3533 ( minus 3 pips ) 1.3530

now price is 1.3560 cloud sl is 1.3550 ( minus 3 pips ) 1.3547

so in case of spike back and if sl triggers we hit 3 pip loss , but if make it we hits 30 -60 pips profit.

1:10 ratio for P/L should bring the smile back on a traders face :-)

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Let us keep it as it is as i test using the buyer and seller on in ver 5 and it did take a buy and a sell but one went into profit the second hit loss .

the reason it hit loss was becoz it took a re entry trade, this EA is not built for reentry trades , only clean buy and sell .

so the user has to select initially , the cloud candles if they are green for a long time then just select the seller mode and you are on .

--- 帖子 #292 ---
version 6 not firing on clean candle

screenshot attached.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
You have used "UseCleanCandleClose" = false.

Is this a reason? also for AUD/USD around 1.0407, there was gr8 spike even on M1 chart. This might be the reason, trade is not opened.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
is this EA supposed to  run on m2 or m20 offline charts?

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Thank you! That's really good that you've programmed this into the ea, I've seen some other ea where the programmer didn't care about this 4 or 5 digit thing.

I've found some strange things in the u5 version earlier this day. The ea opened a buy trade on eurjpy without setting stop loss. I've set manually a stop loss on it (I don't like trades without stop loss), and while the ea is managing this trade, it doesn't changing the stop loss value following the cloud.

There was 2 other buy trades: gbpusd and eurusd. The ea set a take profit for them, but I didn't set take profit value in the settings. What is weird that the take profit price was 1.59200 on both pairs (they weren't opened the same time, there was about 90 mins between the 2 trade). And there was an usdcad trade opened from yesterday, and somehow there was a take profit with same 1.59200 level on that too (it was closed by the jumping sl).

--- 帖子 #296 ---
it does not matter m2 or m20 you can give any name , it should run on range bar chart that is the only criteria

--- 帖子 #297 ---
I must say Big thanks to Unimak- Seller and I am not forgetting zamanib

I have been testing the ea - I have hit some decent profit -- some losses but small compare to profit-  I miss a few trades because broker did not fill my order maybe price move fast and there is no re-entry

I was thinking if possible to make the Ea to set pending orders -- example for a buy will set pending order to buy 3 or 4 pips above the cloud with hard sl below the cloud -- after the trade kicks the ea will manage the rest

here a few trade I took -- I only trade eu ej uc

Oh one other thing - please dont ask for settings - rangebars script - range bar size (please test and find your own edge what is work for others will not work for you)

--- 帖子 #298 ---
I agree there's a bug. It happens to me when I restart my platform. The EA fires off trades even when candle is inside the cloud.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
see that can happen when you restart , so ideally u should attach the EA once you have done the restart. similarly when you are closing it off you need to take the EA off , to be on the safe side.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Look at the screen shot below, I believe I mentioned this earlier that the EA is based on the "RenkoRangeBarsV1.2 R_KG" indicator. This indicator uses the Open and the Close as the range bar size and is always 15 pips if you are using 15 pip bars.(which indicator are you using?) You will see below that the close of one bar is the same as the open of the next bar(yours are not). It looks like with the indicator you are using it is using the high and the low as the range and the close and open from one candle to the next are not the same, this may be causing some differences and some problems. Also at this time it will not fire a trade until the High - Low of the candle after the break exceeds the range bar size, do you want this to be user selectable? So in a case where you are using 15 pip range bars a trade would not fire until we had more than 15 pips of movement between the High and The Low of the candle after the break out candle, this is with usecleancandle set to false.

We may need to decide on which Range Bar Indicator we need to design the EA after.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Check your log for errors.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Here are some trades from the 23rd, I just wanted to show what some of my entries looked like when the trades were placed and the EA was doing what it was told to do.

As you can see I am not having any wierd things happen, some of these trades suck, but thats besides the point, just need to refine the settings.

The first five are entries

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This one is an exit when Hidden BEJS stop loss was hit
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #303 ---
ok for now we use this indicator "RenkoRangeBarsV1.2 R_KG" .

Also at this time it will not fire a trade until the High - Low of the candle after the break exceeds the range bar size, do you want this to be user selectable?

>> not clear what will the user select , it should fire on the clean candle as it is forming that is the requirement .

range bar size of 15 is not good for testing as we need the EA to take trades so i have reduced the pip range , say 10 pips should be fine .

so suppose we have a candle which breaks the cloud but is not clean , and the next one not touching the cloud , the ea fires on that candle itself.

it should not wait for the clean candle to close and fire on the next one as it will be a delay which costs 10 pips  in a 10 pip range bar and 15 pips in a 15 pip range bar.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
yes i agree, we need to have the same tools which the ea uses then only we can verify its actions

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Not to be rude - with all respect - I think you are using the wrong rangebars

here someone post a free one here on this thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...343533&page=79

post 1183

I think every one should used this one  for consistency

As per rangebars size - experiment with 4 8 11  --  cloud setting could vaires as per trader --

I FIND 5 DIGITS BROKER DON'T GO WELL WITH RANGEBARS -- I AM USING 4 DIGIT BROKER

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Great job on the cloud breakout guys.  I know you have alot of tweaking still, but thought I would propose a user selectable reentry method.  Using a H4 rsi 55-45 for trend and simple 8,3,3 stoch.  downward motion from above, crossing the 80 on the stoch for a sell while rsi is 45 or under, and upward motion from below crossing the 20 on stoch for a buy while rsi is 55 or higher.  I attached a sample, seems to mesh pretty well with the range bars.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Where can I check the log? In the terminal there is the journal tab where I can check the actions made. Here is a screenshot showing the trade made by the EA. 1 second after the order made, there is a modification that sets the stop loss and take profit.

Edit: the chart above the log is irrelevant, ignore that.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
The EA will send a Take Profit of zero to the Broker if you have it set to zero. It does not create a take profit on its own unless you have set one in the settings.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Logs are found here

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is what it looks like

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #310 ---
I have the take profit value at zero in the ea settings. There is no log file in the directory you showed, maybe I have to enable it somewhere in MT4's settings.

I don't know what happened then, the EA took other trades without the weird take profit value, only this 3 trades' stop loss was faulty. I'll keep testing it next week. I'm using the RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG indicator with 15 pips setting for the range bars (maybe I'll change it to 8 or 10 pips to have more trades to test).

--- 帖子 #311 ---
The ea opened this trade here too. There are some differences between your chart and my chart. The range bars not the same, and the kumo is not the same. See my screenshot. I've marked the spots where the range bars not the same, and the different kumo crosses too (not the same candle is red-grey-green as in your screenshot).

The ea opened a buy order at 1.04699 price.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
The one on the left is a Range bar, the one on the right and your KG indicator are Renko bars. Might be the 'cause of some confusion.....at least for me as i've never heard Renko called Range or vice versa.

cheers

--- 帖子 #313 ---
That small a difference is OK, mine opened at 1.04750

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Renko don't have wicks. The candles in charts generated with the mentioned indi havw wicks. It's some kind of hybrid

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Yes, thats what my understanding of Range Bars is also, like the one on the left. This is easy enough to change in the EA, but we need to agree on just what indicator we should use for the Range Bars.

Any suggestions from anyone?

Some of the ones I have looked at have different size bars, my understanding is the difference between the High and the Low should be your pip range you have set.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Your confusing people with the term "Range" is what I'm saying. The question is what Renko indicator do you want to use? Or what Range indicator....when I read post 1 to set up the chart I used the indicator style on the left picture because the term renko has never been used in this thread to my knowledge or to what I've read and I have not read every post by any means.

cheers

--- 帖子 #317 ---
I don't know why you would want to change to Range from what you've been using if that is what has been working and your getting decent results.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Looking at Z's pictures in the Commercial forum he was using Range bars....really surprised someone hasn't picked up on this till now....

which one gives better results for the EA?

cheers

well, one consideration is who has a decent public domain range bar indy? i can't find one. I got one, but like you say you can't post that one

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Well mine opened at 1.04450. That's a big difference.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
I agree - Traders should buy it -- because it is better than the renko you are using as you see the difference - with the example a few traders post

--- 帖子 #321 ---
You are right Z's are using rangebars - and to do the justice to this ea or system - you need apply it on constant rangebars -- the paid version are more stable - you need to your rangebars chart with all bars equal in length or pips size

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Here is version u7 and a screen shot showing what the settings do. Use it on an off-line range bar chart created using either a range bar EA or an range bar indicator on an M1 chart. I will no longer be using the "RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG"

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u7.ex4

40 KB
|
629 downloads

--- 帖子 #323 ---
In the worst case we write a range bar indicator to work with our EA.

We stop here and test the current version and only once satisfied we move ahead.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
When you get a chance could you post the ea settings in text as a post, hard to read even when pic is blown up

cheers

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Hi Goldsurfer,

EA Settings

1.“UseBEJS” set to true if you want to use the Hidden BEJS.

2.“IchiBreakEvenPips” Number of pips to be in profit before the Hidden Stop Loss is moved to Break Even

3.“IchiBreakEvenProfitPips” Number of pips of profit you want the Hidden Break Even stop loss moved to (BE+PIPS) rather than just BE.

4.“IchiJumpingStopPips” The Hidden stop loss will move this number of pips every time the profit gains this same number of pips. (Trailing Stop)

5.“TakeProfitPips” Leave this at zero unless you want to shoot for a specific number of pips of profit. This will be sent to your broker along with the initial order.

6.“HidePrice” Hides the price in the information window.

7.“HideAlerts” Hides the alert information in the information window

8.“HidetoWindow” Hides the information in the information window

--- 帖子 #326 ---
only one setting is not clear "clean candle pips", more explanation is needed. is it calculated from the bottom of the cloud value in case of a sell ???

--- 帖子 #327 ---
for those of who think that range bar is a paid becoz of the script choice etc you can test version 5 on the 5 min chart. I am getting good results on eu au and ej .

The logic of the EA is good , so just test it  ( version 5 and version 7 )

and post the results for the benefit of all . Time chart or Range Chart no issues

Preference :- Range Bar as it is designed for it.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Hello Unimak,

Are you saying good result with following components

1. ichimoku_u7

2. RenkoRangeBarsV1.2 R_KG

3. 5 mins offline chart

--- 帖子 #329 ---
NO , if you see the last few posts, there is some difference of opinion on which script to use for generating range bar .

so what i am saying is , the EA has been designed to work of range bars , but some of the range bar scripts are copyrighted or are paid ,

so i began testing on time bar with version 5 not 7 , and i am getting good results. version 7 i have raised a clarification .

i am testing version 5 on range bar and time bar both , for time bar i put it on 5 min just to get more entries.

since it is a program it needs to be put to stress so just give it more entires to handle . let us c how thing progress

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Can you please share this range bar EA or an range bar indicator? Or refer me to the post which mentioned this.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
The ultimate purpose of creating this EA is very simple it should try its best to hit profits and avoid losses , if a trade is getting into loss then come out of it with minimum hit.

At the end of the day if this EA runs for 24 hrs then it should be in profits as along as this is achieved , minor tweaks here and there is all fine.

I think that is what every one wants

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Hello Seller9

Can you please explain the set-up. Initially I was using renko on 1M chart and 20min 0ffline chart for currency pair.

Now, as per this post, M1 chart should be offline. I may be misinterpreting this. Is it possible for you to explain the exact setup.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
you create a offline range bar chart on the 1 m time frame chart and then you use this EA on the offline chart which you generated using some indicator or EA . you have to put this EA on the range bar offline chart.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Test Update :-

Ver 7 >>>> cloud sl initial >>> status ok

Cloud SL moved >>> status Ok

BE/JS >>> status OK

Entry >>> not firing on the clean candle when set to false , some confusion in settings, seller 9 to update

if your range bar chart is generated nicely then you have this EA rocking.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Post   #157 was much easier to understand.

I hope the setup is same as mentioned in this #157 post.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
I hope that i understand the setup.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Same , nothing changes as regards generating your range bar charts.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Should i use the same setup fot Ver 7 or different one?

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Be moved. Thats cool

--- 帖子 #340 ---
As you can see i've made a setup for Ver 7 on 12 pairs.I will test this  and we'll see how it's going.Also this will filter the best pairs to run the EA.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
It would be nice to have option for partial trade closure settings. Testing v7, looks great. Thank you...

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Order triggered on UJ

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Added GBP/CAD and EUR/CAD.Order triggered on GC

--- 帖子 #344 ---
So far I have had 5 trades, 3 winners and 2 losers.

The BEJS is doing its thing and everything looks to be working like it should, just need to refine the settings to maybe avoid the losers. I am just running the default settings.

Here is the screen shot showing the Trades taken and the stop loss and BEJS being moved.

Attached Image

Here are the 2 losers, you can also see them on the charts below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The next chart of CADJPY does not show the entry because I did a manual entry on this one because I got the EA started late so the Robot missed the entry. So I entered the long trade manually and then set the initial stop loss to 3 pips below the cloud and then let the Robot handle the trade from there on. So you see you can jump in manually and then let the Robot do the rest. Just answer YES when it asks you if you want it to handle the trade. Be sure to set the initial stop loss when doing this in accordance with the rules, in this case 3 pips below the bottom of the cloud, and the Robot will handle it from there. Also be sure to set the Buyer or Seller correctly so it is ready for the next trade after the first one closes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Is there any difference between the M2 and M20 chart exept the TF ??My chart is m20 yours m2 and they look the same

--- 帖子 #346 ---
GBPCAD going well thought Stop moved to the top of the cloud

--- 帖子 #347 ---
To let the EA manage the trade, I shouldn't change the MagicNumber setting from the default 0 value, right? I've changed it, and it doesn't ask me about managing the trade if I manually open an order. I did this on purpose, because I trading manually beside this EA. However the EA can identify it's own trades, so if I remove the EA while there is an open trade made by it, and later put it back on the chart it asks about managing the trade (if I set the MagicNumber value to the same as it was, when it opened the trade).

The u7 version working good for me. I'm using another range bar generator as you mentioned it earlier. I1ve changed the 15 pips range bars to 10 pips, and pu the ea on 9 pairs. Today it opened several trades few of them were losers, but overall it's making profit - currently around +180 pips, there are 5 trades open.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Can you please share  range bar generator?

--- 帖子 #349 ---
I'm using this for range candles i dont know if there any other exept renko EA

--- 帖子 #350 ---
If you leave the Magic Number at 0 then it just looks at the Pair Name, if you use a magic number than it will look at it.

Does range bar setting at 10 seem to work better for you? I am still using 15, but haven't compared it to 10 yet.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Its just the name you give it, just don't give it a name the same as a MT4 time frame, like M5, M15 etc. otherwise its just a name so you can find it in the list of offline charts.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Hi,

Thanks seller9 and Unimak

I am new to the game now. I have setup as suggested but wondering which pairs are good to start with.

I am thinking:

EU

GU

UJ

EJ

GJ

AU

What do you guys think.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Thx for the explanation

--- 帖子 #354 ---
I always start with EU ,GU and AU

Then after some time i'm adding NU, EJ and GJ.But thats me.I'm counting low spread first,volatile and the predictable pairs.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Part of the problem is finding the correct range bar script so everyone is on the same page.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Thes are the ones I believe unimak said we should start with.

eurusd

eurjpy

audusd

gbpusd

usdjpy

cadjpy

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Edit: deleted as requested.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I think this has potential because if i am understanding Unimaks comments, just trying to manage the breakout very tightly, hopefully getting small losses with bigger gains.

I would think you do need more flexibility with trading times. I would suggest a minimum of three intervals at least so you can trade the 3 major opening times. Ability to trade a few hours of the Asian, Frankfurt thereabouts to Tokyo close, and of course the major Overlap. Also, different currencies could be set for different times easier,  + you need to be able to dodge the news. But the more flexibility the better...

I don't know enough about it to demo it on anything but the default settings, and the trading time is so limited you might as well run it 24 hours.

cheers

--- 帖子 #359 ---
I don't know if the 10 pip setting or the use of other range bar generating script is better or worse than before. I've made a testing mistake here: changed 2 parameters simultaneously. Btw I can say that these settings workin good for me.

I attach the screenshots about the trades the ea made today. The blue dotted line means long trade, and the red one is short trade.

EUR/JPY: The 2nd entry is made manually, and I let the ea manage it.

EUR/USD: the short trade was opened and closed by the ea. After that the ea maybe got confused when the cloud flipped from green to red and there was no candle closing inside the kumo, and didn't take the trade so I opened a trade manually (it was in 'buying' mode since before there was a short trade closed).

There are 2 open trades made by the ea: USD/CAD and USD/CHF both of them in 50+ pips profit.

All the other trades on the charts are opened and closed by the ea. I've set the jumping stop loss the same on all pairs:

IchiBreakEvenPips: 25

IchiBreakEvenProfitPips: 5

IchiJumpingStopPips: 5

TakeProfitPips: 0

--- 帖子 #360 ---
This is the last one (only 7 attachments allowed in one post).

I'm trading these pairs + EUR/Aud but there was no trade on that pair today.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
A long trade opened on EUR/AUD too.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
This is the situation here. I was using BE 35 but moved to 20 since gbp/cad closed at SL -33 after +23 pips gain.  Good night all.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
hey all

can anyone please help with what the correct range bar indicator should be? if its not the one originally suggested in post 157 then what should we use??

--- 帖子 #364 ---
I am running this one now as an EA and it seems to working OK so far.

Attached File(s)   RangeBars.ex4

18 KB
|
502 downloads

--- 帖子 #365 ---
UJ very good so far. many pips

--- 帖子 #366 ---
@ seller 9 >>> need input on clean candle pips in version 7

what should be the setting to make the ea take entry on the clean candle itself  ??

--- 帖子 #367 ---
What are the settings for RangeBars

eintbarsizepips is 15

what is einttimeframe?

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #368 ---
I think it's the time frame that you will see in the generated chart. So if you leave that on 2, then when you open the offline chart from the file menu, the look for the M2 on the given currency pair. If you set it for example 20 then look for M20 when opening the offline chart. Use a time frame other than the standard ones in mt4 (1,5,15,30...).

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Looking good so far exept the loses from gbp/cad.I think that will be the first pair that i will eliminate.But who knows maybe later i will gain some pipis from it.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hello kumetto,

can you share your GBP/USD chart. How GU entry is Long at 1.5970 and SL is 1.5960.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Its easy.When trade goes in to +10 or +15 profit, stop is moving above the cloud if its long and bloe the cloud if its short: ) You can see also BE is triggered because mine is set to 20

--- 帖子 #372 ---
First trade on my demo, do seem like a rather large SL. I guess that is a large cloud but it is just a matter of time with that large of SL before you get popped....

cheers

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Which Time Frame is this?

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Better do some reading on Renko and Range bars....I'm using 10 RB....originator of system used 15.

cheers

--- 帖子 #375 ---
right, 15RB giving different cloud...I was only worried whether my broker MT4 giving right data or not...but I can see same cloud with 10RB...

thanks anyways...

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Open trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #377 ---
How have you changed your set from the default and if so the reasoning?

cheers

--- 帖子 #378 ---
I'm using 15 RB aslo because 10 rb seems to be fast.I dont want just to trigger trades i wan good ones

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Yeah fair enough....this is demo don't you know....15 is the original setting

--- 帖子 #380 ---
I am using default settings with 15 pip range bars.

I was thinking of maybe going to 30 from 35 on the BEJS but so far that setting has kept me from getting stopped by the trailing stop.

The one I have open right now is USDJPY and the 35 saved me from getting taken out by the hidden trailing stop, so I may just leave it at 35, maybe do some testing to see if going to 30 will help or hinder.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Take a look at the screen shot below and give me your opinion on what you want to do in this type of trade.

Should we change the EA to try and catch these or just let them go??

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #382 ---
I didn't change anything except SL pips from cloud before the Euro fired a trade using 10 RB, so I'm thinking use BEJS default set is false.

cheers

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Well this is a trade and the EA has to fire it , as you can see once candle is green which is above the cloud and the second one is red but it is a not a clean candle as part of it is touching the cloud. The EA must fire on the next available clean candle as it is being formed ( preferably ) else immediately on confirmation of a clean candle. ( we are not concerned with how it closes , we are only concerned with a clean candle below the cloud to fire a sell ) I understand for program sense it is needed but for a trader the logic is clean candle fire the trade ) below the cloud sell above the cloud buy simple.

rest of the trade management remains the same.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Yes, I was thinking also of setting up a demo test with BEJS set to false and then just let the cloud stop loss take you out of the trade. It seems once into a good trade(Buy Trade), the cloud starts to follow the rising PA anyway and when they do come back together would be a good extit, so maybe BEJS is not needed at all.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
has anybody experimented with higher tf's like 1 hour 4 hour?

--- 帖子 #386 ---
OK, I will add it to the next version so it fires on this type of trade also. So in the present version it will miss this trade but you can still enter manually and then let the EA manage the trade.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Traders please note that not all trades with be in profits some will hit minor loss around 10 -15 pips. you should not run the EA during slack hours , and you should also adjust your range bar if you are hitting losses.

once you generate a range bar chart , just see it , if the chart moves nicely from buy to sell and sell to buy with no whipsaw then it is a perfect setting chart to attach the EA. each currency is different to you need to find the best setting for each currency .

The default that is being given as 15 pips is just for the start , it is not fine tuned one for that particular currency . Please remember these points

Fine tuned range bar + correct time to put the EA == Sure Shot Gains and minimal loss.

By correct time i mean not to put the EA to work when the market is at the dullest.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
If possible just give a toggle setting where the user can select the EA to wait for the clean candle to close and then fire or fire on the clean candle as it is being formed. ( that will do ) .

--- 帖子 #389 ---
You are free to experiment and share the details . we are on RB mode.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Yes this was one of the testing point mentioned , anybody testing it please share the details.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
@seller9 , we need to start on this >>>

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=348939

--- 帖子 #392 ---
The time function should be modified where you could set at least three intervals of trading times.  The way it looks, you are limited to two but they can't overlap. Unless that is cosmetic and the times can overlap.

cheers

--- 帖子 #393 ---
of the currencies,

EJ gives quick returns followed by EU and AU  UJ

UCHF is also good

GUSD is dicey as it gives whipsaw so one has to be careful with this one.

GJPY is not good bcoz of big spread ( need to work on it )

--- 帖子 #394 ---
What TF should I attach this EA? can we limit this EA only trade during London and NY sessions?

--- 帖子 #395 ---
how come my UJ chart with th cloud  looks so different to yours? im on M2 offline timeframe using s-constant rangebar script....

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Guys what dont we use renko bars instead of range bars look at the chart of CJpg i've atached renko 3.3 with box 5 and look at that trend wtf.I'm going to test this fo sure. Look at the nice gray candle nice signal for one more long trade isn't it?

--- 帖子 #397 ---
I have just set up a demo account with the same 6 pairs and I have set BEJS to false and will see how it goes in comparison to one using BEJS set to true.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
I have the same pair running on demo and live account on different Brokers and they look the same and the same trade was taken on both of them within a few minutes of each other.

Try the other range bar EA and check your history.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
The question was asked if you can set EA to trade just London? I can't get the EA to say anything but "Within Hours" no matter how I set it. But i thought I saw you post something about setting it to trade London.

cheers

--- 帖子 #400 ---
The same trade opened here too. I'm using 10 pip range bar and 25 as breakeven pips, here is my trade's details:

Open price: 82.91

Close price: 83.11

Profit: 20 pips

How is your trade? We can compare different settings here, since you use 15 pip range bars and 35 pips as breakeven.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
doing backtests and they look good on  4hour eur   nzd

is this accurate or is strategy tester full of crap

--- 帖子 #402 ---
I wonder if the ea will catch the right direction on gu and eu (see attachmrent). I leave it running and we will see

Today 7 trades were opened by the ea. 2 of them was loss, 1 is still running, 4 winners. So it's +73 pips today and an AUDUSD long is still open with -6 pips currently.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Presently, here is where it is at

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #404 ---
I am CST so to trade London and first half hour of NY I set it like so. The hours are your computer time, not your broker time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #405 ---
acording to my renko setup GU should trigger a sell after a candle close but we will see.Or trade manual if you dare  Btw on the second shart is my life setup.That i'm going to trade manual live.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Maybe I missed it, but can you explain how you limit your losses to 10 or 15 pips?

--- 帖子 #407 ---
My Aussie trade using 10RB opened up with a 42 pip SL!  You need the option to limit that, like two bars going against you, etc. But you don't want a 42 pip SL, really bad risk to reward.

cheers

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Guys

Can anyone please help me with the Range Bars. What script or indicator are you guys using to create the bars. For UJ should the box size say 150 instead of 15 as it is not like EU or GU and only has 2 decimals

Pls help. Thanks

--- 帖子 #409 ---
If you may please include option to close partial trade at target 1 then let the rest be taken out either by BEJS or however one chooses. Thanks again for all your hard work.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
When you use ichimoku as your trading system, the strongest support and resistance levels are the 2 sides of the cloud (kumo). Look on that aussie chart how the price bumped back multiple times from either side of the kumo in the previous uptrend. I usually put my stop loss on a previous high or low (support or resistance) when trading manually using other system - so if the cloud gives you a good support/resistance level, why don't you want to use that to determine your stop loss? When using tme based 1h or 4h charts, that 40 pip stop loss is not that huge imho - so why do you think it's too big here?

--- 帖子 #411 ---
I have hard SL 30 tp 60  -- or if new signal come before the sl 30

I hardly see loss of 30 pips -- 15-25 -30

I think I got the currect cloud settings and rangebars pips range -- h

try 4 - 8 - 12 see whats works better - for you each pairs are different

--- 帖子 #412 ---
There you are 1-2 RR. No need for the EA though 'cause it can't be set this way unless I'm missing something. 50% winners makes you boo-koo pips!

This is what the EA needs in MM settings, lower the risk.

cheers

--- 帖子 #413 ---
If the trade goes straight against you, wipe's out lot of profits. Because you don't have a set 40 pip gain. It's simple Risk to Reward. Should be minimum of 1-1. Now the ea only has to hit more winners than losers. Common trading sense to me. But you should be able to trade anyway you want to....so different MM options should be added to the 'bot. Just my  opinion, not my decision.   But U-Turn definitely has the right idea.

cheers

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Trading is an art- skill you develop after years and years

Be smart to lower you loss- this is 1 of the 3 best system on ff -- if you fine you settings and stick to it- I am not a big fan of ea --

If I see signal I enter set sl and tp - if I am infront of PC and new signal comes -  I close losing one enter next trade -  If not let what ever happen loss 30 pips or gain 60

There is one guy on FF trying to pull this system down -- watch out for him he thinks he own FF

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Apparently I missed the point of this entire thread when unimak wanted to develope an EA based on the ichimoku BO, as I thought unimak wanted to develope an EA that mirrored the way he trades, it looks like some are just doing manual trades, I thought there was a forum for that already. I don't see any EA trades on the previous charts.

Since unimak is making the calls as to how this EA gets developed, I will let him decide on what to add  or if it lives or dies.

I am having very good results with it on my live accounts and I let it run 24/5 and only check it once or twice a day.

So if this thread dies and everyone goes back to manual trades I will continue along with the EA on my own and for my own use.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
I've never been a fan of EA's either, but if there was ever an EA with a chance to be successful, this is it. 'Cause it's simply breakout, enter, and manage the risk. That's why more effort should be put into the MM.

cheers

--- 帖子 #417 ---
You don't have to have a set take profit level. You can open a trade only with stop loss set, and exit it if an opposing signal comes.  For example if you base your trades on TDI, and you enter long on an upward cross and exit if the green line starting to hook in the other direction or crosses downward. Or with MA crosses the same thing. With Ichimoku the touching of the cloud, or breakout to the other side of the cloud can be an exit signal (or you can use the tenkan-kinjun crosses as exit signal).

Or you can have a trailing stop. Both (exit signalor trailing stop) are valid options in my opinion, if you dont want to use fixed take profit.

This ea can do either of those. If you set the UseBEJS to false, then it will end the trade when the price touch the kumo - an ichimoku exit signal (as the stop loss follows the kumo). If you use the jumping stop, then thats a trailing stop

Today this ea made trades with 66+% win ratio, yesterday it was above 75%. I'll test it more, running it 24 hours for the entire trading week (maybe 2-3 weeks) and we will see how the win ratio will work out. In the previous week I

also let the ea run all week long, but those were other versions, and I used different range bars and parameters, so I don't count those trades but there were more winners than losers.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
i agree on that, i will also continue to use the EA on my own

im also currently testing a ichimoku base setup, i like it so far, sometimes it takes time to get to our GOALS but in the end if successfull it's all worth it.

keep up the good work seller9 & unimak

(ok going back into SPY mode)

--- 帖子 #419 ---
HI guys, I am new to this I have downloaded the ragebar ind and opened a offline chart but my chart does not show the rangebars only candle ,line and which ever i pick, please help me as i have tried everthing but cannot see the rage bar, cheers

--- 帖子 #420 ---
In general the cloud will take care of it , we also have another loss reducer in the flip , using these two setting we can keep the loss to 10 -15 pips approx. it should not be more than this .

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Those who want to do manual trades , please use the ICHIMOKU BREAKOUT forum by zaman. this is not the forum for manual trades. We are focuing on EA and believe in EA . If you too believe in the idea join us.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
there were more winners than losers  >>> This is what counts ultimately cheers

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hi Unimak,

I just installed the EA v7. Could you share your set file?  Can I use out of box settings?

--- 帖子 #424 ---
we have not reached that stage to share set files, however if you are using 15 pips RB then u keep the default settings. you need to fine tune it and share it among all of us.

The idea here is all for one and one for all , together we shall overcome .

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Thanks.

I am new to  Ichimoku cloud system. Where do I define to use 15 Pips RB?

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Thank you to the major contributors of this thread. I'll be posting my live account trades here taken by the EA. Using a 15 pip range bar for all pairs. I plan on using manual trade management as the trades progress.

Short AUSUSD. Short GBPJPY.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hidden SL being set...by EA

--- 帖子 #428 ---
I must say special thank to you (Seller -Unimak and Z)

@seller - I was referring to the comment or question you ask Unimak

"Maybe I missed it, but can you explain how you limit your losses to 10 or 15 pips?" -- Yes it is possible to limit your loss to 10-30 pips and I show on the charts-- If you got the correct cloud setting and right rangebars size

I just say I am not big fan of EA -- sometime I used it when I cannot be infront of PC - and find sometime my broker does not fill my order if price move fast.

I said this is 1 of the 3 best system in FF and I will continue to support it

remember this was Z cloud break out system turn into an EA -

Yes it is very profitable system - I got some good lesson from Z thread and I finally put my own spin on it -- that works for me

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Hi Can someone please help me re post 419 Thanks

--- 帖子 #430 ---
easy pickings

--- 帖子 #431 ---
GBPJPY : Closed 20% for +43 pips. (RB=15)

--- 帖子 #432 ---
nice to see some one doing good in gj , pls mention the RB size along with your post so that we know this result is achieved with what RB .

--- 帖子 #433 ---
GBPJPY : Closed another 20% for +76 pips. (RB=15). Moved S/L to BE on remaining 60%.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Anybody in this trade for EJ?

RB 15 and M3 offline chart for EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Mine still stuck in the cloud, using RB = 15.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Humble Request to All to keep the thread clean and keep your posts related to the thread content . Please keep focus on the the EA , the purpose of this thread.

No mudslinging , or abusing of fellow traders. Please do not do . ALL are welcome here as long as we discuss the purpose of this thread.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Great to see the posts with RB , keep it up , 15 RB will give less trade but good ones. Takes time to give a trade.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Hello traderguynw,

are you using rangebar script or renko? because mine 20min offline with rangebar script is still different.

I think 20mins offline is good to decide on the PA trend. Mine 3 min offlinechart is already in 30 pips loss.

Any comments will really help...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I use kumo of ichimoku

on 15 minuts chart              8 21 55

and on 2 minuts chart          8 21 34

ema 55

open line for intraday

--- 帖子 #440 ---
How do I open M20 chart in offline? When I go to MT4 -> Open Offline -> There is only standard periods. H1, M15, M1, etc...

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Imtrading live now on Oanda since yesterday.

UsdJpy closed on BE +5 Pips

AudUSD open Trade by 1.04378

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Going ok from yesterday.I'm using renko 3.3 with box set 5.Cloud 9,26,52.I removed GBP/CAD due to constant loses and small wins.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Hi there,

i new to this EA. I would like to ask , do we need to use different setting for each pair we trade or just use the default one? What time frame would be nice?

thanks all

--- 帖子 #444 ---
No time frame its range just put offline range chart and use the default EA ichimoku7

my settings are for range bars i use renko3.3,box size 5

for ichimoku ea BJ=true 35/5/5 ,seller =true,buyer=true all other defalut

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Found the problem with charts.Renko refresh is not good.From there many problems will come for trades.Guess i need to stick with rangebars

--- 帖子 #446 ---
kumetto

how to put the offline range chart?

thanks

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Open a chart for example EUR/USD 1Mtf (on the second screen)then laod range bars incluided here with settings 15,20,true,true,true,10.Then go to open offline chart EUR/USD M20 and load the EA on that chart. Repeat the step for all charts that you'll open.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
This is a very nice move, sadly there is no take partial profit option. I know I can lock in profit manually, but it would be nice to have the ea handle partial trade closures.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
thanks for the help ,kumetto.

just got 30 pip on eurusd...ha ha

--- 帖子 #450 ---
AUSUSD: Closed 20% for +50 pips. (RB=15)

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Short EURJPY (RB=15)

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Leave your M1 chart open so that can generate rangebars.And open your generated offline chart like this.Repeat that for every pair.And dont forget ,you must leave M1 charts opened.Green pips

--- 帖子 #453 ---
I was stopped out overnight at BE on remaining 60% of GBPJPY for +0.0 pips. (RB=15)

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Np manGreen pips to you

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Confirmed.Shor here to

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Can this trade be avoided by EA.

The clean candle is actually above the previous candle, even then short trade is triggered. I am not sure if this condition is important.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Its not the same you're showing chart before now looks like this.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Just got a trade on GBPUSD

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Look at the profit down thats 95 pips for the day.I have some loses today with renko.All new trades with RB15 are positive.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
why there is no trade here taken??

--- 帖子 #461 ---
BJ not triggered at +35  i dont know whats the problem.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Short CADJPY (RB=15)

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Short NZDUSD (RB=15)

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Hi Abhijet - using 15 pip Range Bars derived from M1.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Agreed, some additional MM on the EA for partial exits would be great.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Stopped out by EA on EURJPY (RB=15) entry for +2 pips.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Nice 136 pips already.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Nice job Kumetto.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
AUSUSD : Closed another 20% for +74 pips (RB=15). Moved SL to BE entry.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
164 pips already wow,and going to 180.I whish this to be live

--- 帖子 #471 ---
nice to see greeeeeeeeeen pips , my initial target was a consistent 30 pips daily

here we are raking 100 pips per day

keep testing and report , be alert for any bugs so that we can recitfy them .

--- 帖子 #472 ---
30 pips daily is not an offer  With 70-100 we can make a deal : ))

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Good job. Have you ever used M2 instead of M20. I saw seller9 previous post using M2.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
You can always use the Experts Tool Box, which has the same ichimoku in it and also has partial trade close, along with a lot of other things.

Lets us know if you try it.

Just remember most of the things in it are designed around time bars, but if using ichimoku you should use range bars.

Partial close maybe something to look at for the future, but would need history showing that it makes more profit than what we are doing now.

I have 2 demo accounts running now with the same 6 pairs and am going to compare using the BEJS to the close trade on reversal when it hits the cloud stop loss to see what the difference will be, just trying to keep it simple and profitable.

I also have it running on my live account and it is doing very well, I have closed some trades myself as I am still not trusting it fully. But as time goes on I will probably just let it do its thing. Its nice to see my live account keep growing with little intervention from me.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Thats only the name of the chart if you want you can call it "greenpips"  the only thing thats immportant is RB.Got it?

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Thanks.

Are you using range bar instead of Renko bar?

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Not at this time. The trade was taken at the open of the candle right after the clean candle, at that time it was not apparent the candle would go the wrong direction.

Thats something to look at for future changes if a filter is needed.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
If your talking about the BEJS, you don't have it set at +35, you have it at 3/0/0.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Long USDCAD (RB=15)

--- 帖子 #480 ---
No its visual bug i dont know why.The BEJS whas triggered.It was laggy so many trades I checked it 5 times the BEJS is 35 and shows its like 3/0/0

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Nice to see everyone making some pips, problem is unimak may want a cut. HI HI

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Thats strange, it shows correctly on all my charts. I will take a peak at the code just to make sure.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Closed all trades at 170 pips.See you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #484 ---
well i would like to have a cut when the Ultimate Trade EA rocks . To me that is the ultimate i have ever seen in my trading life, the next best person to beat that system is GOD.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Short EURUSD (RB=15)

--- 帖子 #486 ---
can we have 5 stars for this thread ?? what do you think , is it worth it ??

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hey guys

I've been following this thread and it looks like you are getting close to a decent EA here.

Can I ask if the EA on the first page is the latest one?

I will load this onto my chart and hopefully give you some helpful feedback

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Are you trading auto or manual?

--- 帖子 #489 ---
YES

--- 帖子 #490 ---
There were many trades opened for me by the ea. Before the begining of the NY session there was some bad entries on gbpjpy and urjpy, the price reversed but the ea catched the breakout on the other side of kumo and made some pips to lessen the loss. There are some trades still open, and if I check the closed and open ones together then there is still profit today.

I've attach screenshots from the trades. On some trades the comments are blank, because I added the comment setting later on today (there were 3 trades that I opened manually becsuse the EA didn't managed to catch the breakout, and after that I let the EA manage the trade).

My balance on the demo account was around 480 at the start of the week, now it's around 550-560. It's 15-16% gain in 3 days, and that's pretty awesome in my opinion.

I'm still using 10 pip range bars.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
EA automatically taking entries, but I am manually taking partial profits along the way. I am typically moving my SL to BE once I close 50% of the position.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
The latest is ichimoku 7  Green pips to you.If you need help dont be afraid to ask.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Nice one thanks

I do have a few questions.

Do we just use the EA and a blank chart (I take it the EA doesnt need to ichimoku chart open?)

Do we attach to every pair we wont to trade.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Yes.You need all indies and EA atached on all pairs.  Recommended are these eurusd

eurjpy

audusd

gbpusd

usdjpy

cadjpy.Indies are on post #157  Rangebars EA atached here.Use RB 15 but if you manage to make more pips with other range tell  me/us

--- 帖子 #495 ---
At the begging was ok but later showed this i dont know what happened.I will erase mine and get it again to see if not some kind of bug in my terminals

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Hi,

RB to be used as EA or indicator?

If EA then how can we use 2 EAs at a time i.e. one RB EA and other Ichimoku EA.

Pls explain.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Great thanks!

I personally trade ichimoku manually, and I am very succesful at that, however EA's have always interested me and I would be great to be part of this group, you all seem like a cool group of traders.

Ill try and get setup now

--- 帖子 #498 ---
You are using Rangebars.ex4 EA on 1m online chart to make range of 15 bars for offline chart..Ichimoku EA is atached  on offline ranged chart.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Closed 20% CADJPY (RB=15) for +24 pips.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Youre going to be rich when we done testing this

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Good going

So how much in total is in your pocket for today using this EA?

--- 帖子 #502 ---
That is the plan

--- 帖子 #503 ---
$126 using 0.1 lots on entries. About $44 floating on open positions.

I started using the EA on the opening of this week's session.

--- 帖子 #504 ---
126$ for a day and 44 $ floating man thats a killer

--- 帖子 #505 ---
So is the 126+44 for today or this week so far.

I just need to know the potential of the EA.

Also, are you using default settings on the EA with RR 15?

--- 帖子 #506 ---
126+44 is for the week (since EA was started).

My settings for the EA are default out of the box, except for lot size and the initial buyer/seller setting on a per pair basis.

I am using the "ichimoku_u1_seller9" template and the "ichimoku_u7" version of the EA.

All pairs are on RB=15 derived from M1 data.

I will manually closed partial positions as the trade progresses, otherwise I just let the EA handle it.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Guys i puted new U7 and the old U6 and still getting 3/0/0 EA works but i dont know whats wrong with the text label.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
You're welcome

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Ok now Im confused

Can someone tell me how to set this up step by step please

Thanks guys

--- 帖子 #510 ---
forexripper: Altough you not asked me, but I my earnings this week (3 days) with this EA is about 80 USD with position sizes between 0.02-0.04 lot (that would be around 2000USD if someone use a full lot).

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Are you "ichikid" from zip signals?

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Wow!!!

That is excellent. Good going. Keep it up.

If the results continue to be like that then we don't need to go to that boring job everyday and do this full time. That is what my plan is.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
I suggest try using the EA on pairs that are volatile during certain market sessions e.g. EU during London and NY only, EJ during Asian and London (may be NY too). See if you can improve on the numbers you just shared.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Read post #447 and #452

1.Open 1m char of a pair

2.Load rangebar.ex4 on it with RB 15 the second setting wich default is 32 is the name of your offline chart. Put whatever you like number exept  1,5,15,30,1h.and 4h

3.Then go to offline charts and find yours

4 .Open your offline chart and load your EA and indies.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Found it, it had to do with the digits of your Broker and the way it was being displayed, but didn't bother the trade, just the display was goofy.

Are you 4 digit Broker?

Funny, no one else noticed it.

Fix in next version

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hah : )Yes its 4 digit.Roboforex and the other is accentforex.But since the EA works i dont care what its showing : )

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Thanks for the tip

I let the EA running 24 hours a day on 9 pairs on my demo account. I'm planning to do this for 2-3 weeks, and then review the trades taken by the EA and fine tune the settings.

As for money management: I made a very basic approach - visually looked back at the kumo on the pairs, and found that the average width of the cloud when it was relatively thick was about 30-40 pips. I have a 500 USD demo account, I willing to take 3% risk so with a stop loss about 30-40 pips the position size should be around 0.04 lots. I know it's a very rough approach,but better than nothing  I will later analyze all the pairs individually and set different position sizes, based on the average size of the stop losses.

I don't know if Unimak or Seller9 are planning to implement a money management part into the EA, but if they do than that would make this awesome EA even more awesome

--- 帖子 #518 ---
ichikid?

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Why can the offline chart not be 1,5... etc those are the only times my broker offers i see no other charts like 2min or 20min in the offline folder.

Want to run this fun experiment on demo.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Because when you put rangebars on 1m tf you create offline chart all you need is to open it.Pls google or youtube  how to create and open offline chart.Thx

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Ok I think im all set up now

The pairs I am trading are

GBPUSD

EURUSD

USDJPY

AUDUSD

EURJPY

GBPJPY

I have a 1M chart with range bars loaded (Kumetto's settings) and an offline 20M chart with the ichi7 open for each pair.

Hope this is OK.

Looking forward to sharing the input.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
GBPJPY is not  recommended i used it  but loses where bigger then gains Use recommended one CADJPY

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Ok changed

Thanks

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Here are my daily update on Live Account

Icemaan

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Since some are having problems getting the Range Bars going I put together this package of everything needed to hopefully get you up and running along with a document showing one way to do it.

By no means is this the only way to do this so don't jump all over me for showing this way to do it.

I believe there are some scrpts out there that will also populate your history, I have tried a couple with so so success.

Version u8 is also included in this zip folder if you want to update, the changes made are just 2.

1) Fixed the label problem with the BEJS display.

2) Added some code so it will now take a trade if one candle closes below/above cloud and the next one closes above/below. Before it had to close inside the cloud then outside the cloud to be valid. At times there is no cloud to speak of to close inside of.

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u8_rangebar_setup.zip

1.1 MB
|
1,677 downloads

--- 帖子 #526 ---
wowowow nice i'm going to set this now and go to sleep

--- 帖子 #527 ---
I got my charts up and running. Seller you are putting in quite the effort here and you deserved to be commended for it especially if you start coding another ea. Goodjob it will be interesting to see if this little thing is profitable on a demo account.

I have never ran an ea before and I dont know of any traders who use an ea for their meat and potatoes trading but this could be a fun experiment with a small amount of cash and low lot size for some extra weekend cash if it is successful.

kudos

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Problem still exist.I puted 25/5/5 showing 2/0/0.Same on the other broker

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Seller I know you have spent plenty of time putting together that nice setup document, and I ask if you could make another document regarding the ichi ea and setting the various levels just so unimak can hopefully post them on page 1 and it is simple for anyone looking to open this on a demo.

I have my doubts about this, one mainly because I have never used an ea, two i dont know much about ichi and I am reading up now. But if this is as simple as it appears to be, and winners are consistently bigger than losers than all that is needed is a slight edge.

Would be nice if people kept some statistics on their average losers, winners, pairs etc. maybe a myfxbook or w/e; I have never used one but I see they keep some nice stats.

When does ichimoku have the most difficult runs? Would it be a good idea to open some hourly- daily charts and see which ones are trending for best results? Just some simple things like that I am curious about.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Did you see post 322 ???

--- 帖子 #531 ---
FXFury---

Go watch a video on the Basics of the Cloud.  Here is one --
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZa9O...eature=related

It is an average of where price has been-- highs and lows, projected forward according to the settings we use.  This works because of the forward projection, and when you have a very narrow range you will see small moves back and forth across the cloud and find losing trades. It is why trading crosses of MAs doesn't work, because of the time lag being projected, and late entries.  I think you will see the losses when we get to reversal zones, and vaccilations as price decides which way it wants to go.  The big wins we wait for are the straightaway moves, and the Cloud projects at a rather steep angle guiding us to decent profits, until we get consolidation points again.  The flat market is where we find the difficult times for profit.  Does that help?

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Thanks i honestly went through pages of posts cause I couldnt pin point your post where I knew you mentioned something.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
This is why I would say pick a pair that you see is trending either naked eye or however you want to see a strong trend such as the yen pairs over the past while. Thx for the insight.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
AUSUSD : Closed another 40% for +89 pips (RB=15). 20% position left. SL moved to +35 pips.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
These are ea opens right? I know u manual control partial tp

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Yes all entries are opened by the EA.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Can someone explain the buyer seller adjustments on the ea. I cant find the post explaining it and I cant remember if you set the seller to true if you are looking to buy or the buyer.

And if both are set to true does it auto pick based on cloud break? Just confusing myself.

Last thing, since it was explained that we may run into trouble on the turn arounds in trend when it ranges. Are we helping ourselves prevent this by having multiple pairs to take positions on? I would believe the ea would be benefiting from some kind of diversification here, it looks to be doing pretty well as is.

Good work keep it up.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Nice to hear that , keep testing , many thanks

--- 帖子 #539 ---
sorry no MM now, we get the basics right to our satisfaction then on MM .

--- 帖子 #540 ---
If the pair is already in a long trending trade, say Long, then the next likely trade should be a short trade as the PA breaks back down through the cloud. In this case set the EA to Seller = true so it will only look for a short trade after the long trade closes. You can also set both Buyer and Seller to true and once inside the cloud the next trade will be determined by which way it breaks out of the cloud. Once it breaks out of the cloud and takes a trade it will then adjust itself to either Buyer or Seller, it will toggle from one to the other depending on the last trade. You do have to check it from time to time to make sure it is looking in the logical direction though.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
I have a demo running on the same 6 pair as my other demos using the etb EA that has partial close. I am using an initail lot of 0.1 with a first TP of 40 pips closeing half the order and letting the other half run. Will see how this compares to just letting the entire order stay to close.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
EURUSD : S/L hit for -24 pips on full position (RB=15).

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Short USDJPY (RB=15)

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Closed 30% CADJPY (RB=15) for +52 pips. Moved SL to BE on remaining 50% position.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
did the cloud sl flip ??? did it go for 10 pip profit ???

--- 帖子 #546 ---
EA modified the SL by 4 pips from prev SL according to my log, I was not watching it at the time. It looks like it was tracking the top of the cloud as it moved the SL down (I believe this is correct action?). The RB at the time topped out in the same area and triggered the SL.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
I think it is a short eu trade so initial cloud sl should be abv the cloud, wht we need to see if we hit 10 pip profit the cloud would have flipped to the bottom value of cloud - 3 pips

all i would like to know is did the flip happen . please and revert back , it will help all of us .

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Hi Unimak - yes was a short entry. It entered @ 1.33120. Best in-profit bar was down to 1.32926. My journal entries don't go back far enough to track the progression of the SL movement by the EA, sorry. I'll try and catch the next one live for you.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
no probs , please post when you have similar situation like this one as it will one make this ea more powerful as we get to know unknown scenarios.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
I suggest you watch the trades in loss or in profits during non-sessions i.e. EU trade taken by EA during Asian session etc. This will also help determine the timing to be set for EA to fire trades.

--- 帖子 #551 ---
This is live setup and screen is talking

--- 帖子 #552 ---
see as regards timing it is recomended to fire EA  from 10 A.M GMT and to continue till 17 A.M GMT . here i am trying to understand whether it flipped and then hit sl or it did not flip at all .

if it did not flip at all then it is a bad trade, if it flips and then hits sl then it is ok .

--- 帖子 #553 ---
lovely green red green combination , perfect screen for the EA to work on

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Yes I also like the same timing. How do I set it up on the EA.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
I,ve made manual trade on EU,EJ,UJ last night.Acording to my chart analysys on H4 EU was going to fall for about 70-100 pips

but i take SL -30.The UJ was on +15 profit.And the EJ is still on +40.So the robot or manul i've done the same.I preffer robot because taking more trades then me.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
you have to match your computer local time to 10 A.M gmt and feed it in then it will work, EA follows your computer time  not gmt.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
so what is 0-12 and 12-24 in the EA.

Can I set it up to reflect 10GMT

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Nice little green pips

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Sell triggered EU.Risking only 10 pips.Thats good let's see what will happen.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
I see only green

--- 帖子 #561 ---
This is EU according to my other chart.And i see long way down  Don't you?

--- 帖子 #562 ---
What value required in star and end time in morning, if I do not want to trigger EA in morning hour.

For 10 A.M. GMT to 17 A.M. GMT, I will need only evening hour.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Locked + 65 and maybe will hit TP +100 soon

--- 帖子 #564 ---
EU hits daily low 1.3275 so its hard to brake.Robot set to 20/1/5. Locked 1 pip and see what happens

--- 帖子 #565 ---
nice chart you have there, what is the indicator you used to show the daily high and low? thanks

--- 帖子 #566 ---
GU sell trade triggered.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
There it is.Green pips

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Candle is grey now.Lets see what will happen

--- 帖子 #569 ---
+20 pips  from EU sell.Floating -11 GU sell

--- 帖子 #570 ---
just installed it guys am new here ,,,it just did cad/jap 34$ profit ,but my eur/usd isnt getn picked , u were talkin about attaching the ea on an offline chart ?which minute should i do this in?? or it doesnt matter?  thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Closed another 30% CADJPY (RB=15) for +103 pips. Moved SL to +67 pips on remaining 20% position.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
I had the same chart setup as yours. However the bot did not take the trade.Can we develop an indicator that send email alert when setup exists so that we can manually take the trade in case the bot miss it?

--- 帖子 #573 ---
CAD/JPY very profitable with this but my borker doesn't  have it in micro acc.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
That trade as i mentioned it was manul trade from another chart.So its normal bot to not take it.I just added bot later to manage the trade.No worries.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Is it a valid setup for bot? If yes, why bot not take the trade?

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Its not a valid setup for bot.The trade was taken according to my chart analysys and experience.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Not a valid setup? Please explain.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
The setup wasnt installed on live acc at that time.I was trading manual yesterday according to my charts.I'm not trading only with bot.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Wrong sell.This  is not working i think that Version 7  was better.I had sell then sl hit on  the top of the cloud and opened another sell  .It should open buy.Or its just maybe  bad day for trade GU    Guys maybe its to fast to open trades like that.Need some confirmation.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Same here, short triggered on EURUSD last night (RB=15).

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Moving SL to +73 pips on remaining 20%.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
I do got buy trades on my two accounts

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Youre using version 7 ?

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Show me screen

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Yes version 7.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
I'm going to switch to version 7 until ver 8 is

reconsidered

--- 帖子 #587 ---
previous sell lost 40 pips. This buy may go south again. Looks GU is not good play today. Did you have success with GU before?

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Do you have trade on GU ?

--- 帖子 #589 ---
I don't have the EA running on GBPUSD yet.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Hi I am new here and I start today Live testing with U8 - live acc...I am trading also UG and my botdont triger new sell and also not trigger buy I make manualy buy order...

P.S. sorry for my english

--- 帖子 #591 ---
finished with the set up 6 pairs as folows [-1-] load range bar on min 1 chart: settings-15,20,true,true,true,10. [-2-] open offline charts min 20: settings: true, true on the buyer and seller tab the rest i left default - so are this settings ok? or do i need to change a setting. kummetto,traderguy,, anyone can answer ,thanks [newbie guy LOL

--- 帖子 #592 ---
The problem  for GU is that are no one trades it now and cloud is to thin.We need clouds here ,

huge ones

--- 帖子 #593 ---
CADJPY hit SL on remaining 20% for + 67 pips. Position closed.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Nice job

--- 帖子 #595 ---
TY

--- 帖子 #596 ---
You're OK  Set BEJS to true if you want to lock pips at BE.Aslo adjust if you want,default is 35 i  use 25/1/5

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Set the EA seller and buyer to true

--- 帖子 #598 ---
I havent taken any trades today, do I need to turn buyer and seller "on" in the EA settings?

--- 帖子 #599 ---
i guess yes

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Please take a look at the post #583.It should take buy but triggered sell.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Also what is the difference between opening a m20 offline chart and a m32 offline chart?

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Its only a name no

difference

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Thanks Seller9

I have a few ideas relating to the Kijun Sen.

Are we adding new features or are we just testing what we got

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Thanks Kumetto

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #607 ---
I guess i was unlucky and maybe lagged.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Here is my present long GU trade and how Version 8 did it when Buyer = true. No bad trade taken.

I do have this same pair running on the etb EA where Buyer and Seller are both set to true and it did take the same bad trade as posted above, so it may be better to make sure the EA is looking in the right direction, it isn't fool proof.

The second screen shot is it running with the etb EA showing the bad trade.

I am also testing the partial trade closure in the second screen shot. Half the trade will close at 40 pips and the rmaining will let run.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #609 ---
unimak is running the show, so ideas need to go through him.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
In my case it was totaly confused.Closed loss and opened another sell.Dumb unlucky,or lag thats all.Tomorrow will be beter : )

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Thanks for a great EA. This is my first post in this thread and my first trade this morning with U8!!

--- 帖子 #612 ---
It looks to be correct to me.

It is in a short trade so when this trade closes the next trade it will look for is a Long trade (Buyer). The information on the screen should tell you what the next type of trade the EA is looking for and once it enters a trade it will flip to the opposite type of trade which it will watch for once the present trade closes.

This is the way it works.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
I understand that can work with both set to true.The cloud was to small.Anyway i will adjust this manualy.So no mistakes.

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Before that it was short.Closed -15 and supposed to open buy.But it opened sell.And its just me

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Good long,how many in green untill now?

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Same long GPBUSD but another Entry not know why

Any Ideas

Icemaan

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Hi, can anyone post their p/l statement using this demo in forward test please? Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #618 ---
AUSUSD : SL hit for +73 pips on remaining 20%. Position closed.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
USDCAD : SL hit for -29 pips. Position closed.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
NZDUSD : SL hit for -18 pips. Position closed.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Long GBPJPY (RB=15). I've already TP on 33% of the position for +24 pips. Moving SL on remained 66% to BE.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
am i doing something wrong? im getting few wins but huge losses. running with stock settings, version 7

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Blamshakk - here is my order sheet since starting the EA the beginning of the week. Please note all trade entries are automatic by the EA, but I do a lot of partial TP as the trades progresses.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Are the entries OK??

Are you using BEJS or manual MM????

Can you show some screen shots??

--- 帖子 #625 ---
+49  !!!  15 locked

--- 帖子 #626 ---
nice trades

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Ok I currently have 3 trades open

EA set on auto, no manually intervention.

Eurusd -3 pips

Eurjpy -62 pips

Audusd -19 pips

so thats 84 pips in the negative at the moment.

I have already seen a few ways we can improve this, but I will continue testing for now.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Current Open Positions (RB=15):

Long EURCAD

Long EURJPY

Long EURUSD

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Its friday,Range market ,ECOFIN meetings  bla  bla its normal.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Closed EU at +2.Near the overbought and showing top .

--- 帖子 #631 ---
thanks to unimak and seller9 for this ea....

i have just read the whole thread and was really impressed with posted test results so started my own test today...

closed by ea

gu = +70

open trades

eu = 2

ej  = -42

au = -5

would be nice if SL field is available in the EA which may used to avoid huge SL due to huge clouds...

--- 帖子 #632 ---
see all are trading with default settings, we need to fine tune the settings, if you bring the RB less that 15 your sl will be small , you need to test the settings till you get the best for each pair , best means where your sl is less and you hit is more . I tried in Trade station with 3 pips but MT4 is another world altogether so need to fine tune the settings.

we have not reached this portion of the system yet however you are free to test and report it .

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Here are 7 different range bar settings for AUDUSD for comparison on AUDUSD.

Everyone take a pick which one you would trade for this pair and post your answer. Or maybe something else.

Lets build a range bar list for the pairs we trade.

3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 21 Bars

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #634 ---
The best settings for all these pairs lie somewhere between 3 pip - 10 pip ,

gu uc uj ej uc should be near the lower end of the band and eu should be slightly upper.

but it is a subject of research and testing .

please note that a good setting is one where the price moves nicely from red to green and green to red with no whipsaw ( ideal ) , if you attach the ea to such a screen then your success will be high, but sometimes we might have to give room for some whipsaw in unavoidable circumstances in such a case we can adjust our cloud SL Flip etc built in the EA to avoid SL trigger in whipsaw conditions.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
@seller9 can we make a pending order built to handle brokers who send requotes ?? please let me know if this can be done as a switch .

also some minor modifications in the entry , only if pending order can be done then only this entry modifications kicks in .

--- 帖子 #636 ---
15 is is not the one.I have buy and is at -44.Maybe 18 will do the job.Order triggered at daily high.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
as you move up the latter in terms of pip per bar, it is like you are trading in higher timeframe , as for each bar to fill will take time .

--- 帖子 #638 ---
These are your choices:

Buy

BuyLimit

BuyStop

Sell

SellLimit

SellStop

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Seller9 can you pleas add color for order send.....to make visible where was trade after it is closed.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
don't know why bot not enter the trade at the circle earlier. Anyway it turned out to be a good trade that made up all the lost today.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Unfortunately yesterday I had to install new hardware into my computer, so I had to stop the EA. Only started again in the middle of the NY session. I don't know what went wrong, or it's just the market, but there was much more lose trades than winners since then. At the first half of the week there was a 15-16% gain on my demo account in 3 days, now at the end of the week I'm back at where I was at monday morning.

I saw some of you just had the sami idea as me  Few hours ago I started to examine the different range bar settings. I've done only one pair yet, but planning to make it on all of the 9 pairs I'm trading with the EA.

So here's the first pair, AUDUSD. I hope everything is self explanatory in the charts I made

--- 帖子 #642 ---
You are getting there.

Now backtest every rangebar size for every pair you want to trade, over many months, so your method can cope with differing market conditions, until you establish the optimum rangebar for each pair for this strategy.  Looking at a week at a time may give you an indication of the likely results, but until then you won't really know.  When you know, you will have ownership.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Many months of backtesting manually with every range bar size will take ages to complete, but it should be done

I will start doing it, but I think I won't do charts about it with arrows and labels, because making the charts take up more time than the actual backtesting. I will post the results.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
You now have an EA for this strategy.  Use the Strategy Tester, it will save you oodles of time.

You can't run Strategy Tester and ask it to optimise your rangebar size, but run this again and again with different size rangebars until you have discovered the optimum rangebar size for each pair for this strategy.

I can assure you, it will be obvious when you approach the optimum and when you have passed it.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
I don't know how can I use range bars in strategy tester

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Make a search here in the forum. It can be done.. Happy hunting..

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Hey Zool - here is a useful video on backtesting MT4 range bars:

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #648 ---
smeden, tradeyguynw: Thanks for your input. I've tried to make this work on my comp, it has OSX on it and I run Windows XP in a virtual machine. I don't know why I cannot make it working. I've tried it on my wife's notebook with Win7 on it, and it worked, so I don't know whats wrong on my computer.

Yesterday I started manually backtesting a week on EURUSD with 3 pips rangebars, if I finsih with I then I compare the results with strategy tester.

I've tried to test other systems with the MT4 strategy tester, but it gave very different results than live forward testing, so I can't fully trust this kind of testing.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
I've made a quick backtesting with 10 pip range bars, and compared the last 2 weeks results with my live forward testing. See the attached screenshots, why I don't trust the MT4 strategy tester's backtesting results.

All the settings was the same in the backtesting and in the live forward testing.

--- 帖子 #650 ---
@Seller9 or any members in here,

I have trouble setup the RangeBars EA that you currently using.  I know you enclosed a crystal clear direction on how to set up  the rangebar in you zip file.  I follow all the steps but when I go under the file menu  and select “Open Offline”, but I didn’t see the offline chart that I just created.

Yes, the smiling face of RangeBars EA did show my M1 chart and all four options in the Expert Advisors tap was checked (Enable Expert Advisors, Allow live trading, Allow DLL imports, and Allow external experts imports)

I’m able to create a rangebar with RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG the indicator version but cannot seem to get the RangeBars EA version you currently using to work.  Does is required market open for this EA to work or something.  My brokers are IBFX and MBT.  Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
According to this, yes the market has to be open for that renko EA to work.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...43#post3779843

Update: I had missed a file, still have an issue though its probably something with my client, will try it on finfx, ibfx etc and others.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Threw the EA with default settings on a few pairs late thursday night EST. Closed the big winners manually by Friday afternoon with a healthy gain, not bad for 0 optimization on live charts..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Dirtybown,

Thank you, it all make sense now.  I very appreciated.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
I did run into this site. I did not try it yet but looks like they did make a special version for back testing. I think Renko looks better for this system.

http://www.the-forex-strategy.com/in...plugin-for-mt4

--- 帖子 #655 ---
How you set break event pips for 4 pips range bar?

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Unfortunately I had much less free time at the weekend than I planned (my 2 months old twin sons are taking care of my free time lol). I only backtested manually the EURUSD pair with 2, 6, 9, 12 pip range bar sizes between 26th and 30th of march (this week).

Here are the results:

3 pip range bars:

Overall performance: -67 pips

Trades taken: 54

Winning trades: 11

Losing trades: 39

Breakeven trades: 4

Average win: 30.2 pips

Average loss: 10.2 pips

Win%: 20%

Avg. R/R: 1:2.96

6 pip range bars:

Overall performance: +175 pips

Trades taken: 15

Winning trades: 8

Losing trades: 7

Breakeven trades: 0

Average win: 31.87 pips

Average loss: 11.42 pips

Win%: 53%

Avg. R/R: 1:2.79

9 pip range bars:

Overall performance: +103 pips

Trades taken: 8

Winning trades: 5

Losing trades: 3

Breakeven trades: 0

Average win: 28 pips

Average loss: 12.33 pips

Win%: 62.5%

Avg. R/R: 1:2.27

12 pip range bars:

Overall performance: +133 pips

Trades taken: 6

Winning trades: 5

Losing trades: 1

Breakeven trades: 0

Average win: 28 pips

Average loss: 7 pips

Win%: 83%

Avg. R/R: 1:4

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Hehe lucky me

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Anybody use this way to find the best range bar setting????

Inserted Video

AUDUSD = 10

CADJPY = 9

EURJPY = 12

EURUSD = 10

GBPUSD = 10

USDJPY = 7

As of Fridays close.

For BEJS I am going to try:

BE = (2 * RangeBarPips) + Profit

BEP = 5

JS = 1

So for USDJPY it would be 19/5/1

The other ones I am trying the same formula, will see what happens.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
I am gonna try this way of range bar setting this week and see how it goes.

Also can you please make an option to either toggle between buy/sell or the option for the ea to revert to Buyer & Seller after a trade. Say after a buy trade the ea should not look only to sell. On Friday I missed out the eurjpy and gbpjpy because the buy trades had earlier been stopped out at break even. When I checked to see why the ea didn't take the buy again, it was showing SELLER. Just a user preferred option will do. Thanks again for all your great work.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
All, I was able to get the rangebars going finally using the script here:

http://www.system-forex.info/2011/08...up-in-mt4.html

Thanks for the suggestion seller, I will use that method to determine rangebar size.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Hello all! I am new to this thread and have started to test this EA a bit. I can see that the EA tries to set invalid SL's which is printed frequent in the expert log. If you can upload the EA in mq4 format instead of compiled it would be much easier to help out with the code.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Hello Seller,

Are you running this EA on specific time (10AM to 17AM GMT) as suggested by Unimak in previous post?

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Strange, I have it running on three different Brokers and I get no errors and it moves the stop loss around just the way it suppose to, maybe its your Broker.

The original EA is posted at the beginning of the thread if you want to do some code. This one is just a cut down version of that one.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
I am running it 24/5 at this time on demo and live. I haven't taken the time yet to see when the BO or action takes place to set any special starting times. I like to set it and leave it and go to bed, London opens at 2 AM for me, which is not the best time.

If I see one that has run quite a ways and may be at resistance I will close it and take my profit and set up for the next BO.

My live account is up 10% in one week, so far so good, time will tell as more fine adjustments are made to the settings.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
GJ closed at TP+100,Au closed at SL -11.Ej closed at BE +60.Uj closed at BE +30.Over all 179 pips in green for today.Not bad

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Great!!!

Did you lose trade on AU when buy triggered before the new sell. If not, how did you manage to avoid it.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
You use BE/JS: 2/0/0?

--- 帖子 #669 ---
AU triggered cloud SL or BE , and did the cloud SL flip and then trigger sl or the otherway round.

RB setting please in post.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Thats a label bug its 25/1/5

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Would you please make it avoid taking trades like this? I think a pending order would be great only after 1 bar should price retrace. In this case a buy stop order when price takes out the high of clean bar.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
I think that would have been avoided if UseCleanCandle=true

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Cloud fliped yes.And sl moved to the top of it.Trade gone at +11 +12 but that was not enough.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
I will post my settings for all of the pairs.In 10 mins.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
that is fine , as long as the cloud fliped and then hit cloud sl is fine , that means the trade went into profit and the cloud sl cut the loss by flipping .

--- 帖子 #676 ---
strategy testers please look into RB size 5-10 for perfect setting with win ratio.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
I'm using renko live chart atached here.

EUR/USD  range 6 BEJS 15/1/5 tp 100

EUR/JPY   range 8 BEJS 25/1/5 tp 100

AUD/USD  range 7 BEJS 20/1/5 tp 100

USD/JPY   range 4 BEJS 20/1/5 tp 100

GBP/USD  range 7 BEJS 30/1/5 tp 100

GBP/JPY   range 7 BEJS 30/1/5 tp 100

AUD/JPY range 9  BEJS  35/1/5 tp 100

NZD/USD range 7 BEJS  25/1/5 tp 100

Good luck

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Exactly

--- 帖子 #679 ---
The idea of my range bars  is to make perfect trend  and perfect and clean cloud brake candles.Also i wanted to make as much as can winning trades for the 24 hours.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Can you explain a bit more how to use renko live chart? Do you use it to generate range bar in an offline chart and attach EA?

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Yes use it on m1 to generate offline chart.Same like rangebars.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Thanks. Have done any comparison with Rangebars?

--- 帖子 #683 ---
may i ask what is the different between the setting of bejs 25/1/5 and 25/5/1, as i saw from the post between seller9 and kumetto is different setting for the pair usdjpy.

i read the post before but still not quite understand it well.

thanks

--- 帖子 #684 ---
It's always true...the close was below open and the bar was not touching the cloud either. Thanks

--- 帖子 #685 ---
for now not going for pending entry and partial close as waiting for test inputs , some of the earlier problems seem to evaporate as we get the correct range bar setting for each pair, thus negating the need for a pending order development in the EA .

unless we find a real need , there is no need to move ahead, we test the EA in all scenarios to the hilt then only we move ahead.

Money Management is the user zone area so it is he who has to take the call when he lets the EA run . 1:50 is the norm nowadays , i think that is fair enough . so if your broker gives 1:2000 you just keep requisite margin to whittle it down to 1:50 .

we are not tackling re entry in this EA , that is not in the plan .

We should implement partial close  that is nice feature to have in this EA. @seller 9 .

Personally I would like the EA should be light and simple and above all profitable.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
The difference is like this.When trade is on +25 lock +1 and jumps every 5 or 10. pips by 5. I'm not sure.The 25/5/1 at +25 locks +5 and jumps 1 when trade is moving on profit.

My strategy is like this.I'm looking for 25 to lock 1 and take tp 100 after that.Because somethimes, if i lock 5 ,pushback hits my sl. +1, is just to secure my trade not to loose money

--- 帖子 #687 ---
I have been trying to optimize range bar but cannot get the EMA to go into the window with ATR...

--- 帖子 #688 ---
The renko bars are more precise and accurate.I can better set the range.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Buy triggered. AU

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Agree and thank you for update.I think that EA is good simple as it is.If we can set  a optimal rangebars for every pair the EA will rock.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
do you have to reset or reload the renko every monday morning so your charts are clean and correct?

--- 帖子 #692 ---
I think no.All i do is to check offline charts for update.Or are they go in range properly.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
delete the m1 online chart and offline will gone

Or set a proper Ea or set to the same m1 chart and the offline will be refreshed with new settigns

--- 帖子 #694 ---
thx...(was driving me crazy)

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Left click the moving average and drag it into the ATR window.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
I've setup a myfx account to track the EA. I'm still out-of-box defaults, using RB=15 across the board. Using BEJS with TP=100.

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/trad...imoku-1/278439

I am manually intervening on partial TP exits. Haven't had much time to optimize the RB and trade management on a per pair basis yet.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Hi,

Are you still using offline charts on this account too?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
yes, only way to get range bars with MT4 is using offline charts. RB=15 for all pairs currently.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Having very little knowledge of ea's, etc, I would love to know how to change the default stop loss. Instead of being 3 ticks below the cloud, on a long position, I would like it maybe 5 pips below the top of the cloud. I would like my initial stop to be maybe 10 pips plus spread or maybe less.

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Hi I just set up this ea, followed directions, got range bars running, but offline chart not running.  Must be doing something wrong.

Thanks,

rozario173

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Ok, I believe I have it running, but M32 is only timeframe I can get it to run on.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Hi Rozario - range bar charts do not use time. The M32 is simply a label attached to the offline chart for identification purposes. It is typically set within the RangeBar script or EA that you use to create the offline chart - you can use whatever Mxxx labeling you want (except standard M1, M5, M15, etc).

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Ok, thanks, I'm now using 'Kumetto's Renko Live chart.  It seems to be working ok so far.

Thanks again,

rozario173

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Hey traderguy, can you plz post that cadjpy trade. I really like that you opened a myfxbook, but I want to see how that trade triggered and if your chart looks like mine.

I think the sl is something that this ea needs to address because no trade should go -75 pips, it just allows the losers to be way too big, I would rather have a few more b/e trades and miss a few breakouts then potentially have huge losses like this one if the lot size is staying consistent.

I have not personally got the ea running on demo because I am seeing everyones feedback on the range bar size, but observing the different pairs I never see a need for a sl to be able to go 75 pips against you to then go in your favor. This is a breakout method and it is either going to go your way fast  or not... I am a fairly new trader so correct me if im wrong.

I no the ea has adjustable setting and I will need to play around when I get this setup on a demo, but just as much as there is an ideal range bar setting I also think the s/l and b/e need to be managed appropriately.

2x rangebar, in this case 30 seems like a completely fine s/l and a b/e locked in after 15 pips also 'looks' okay. As I said before this is a breakout strategy so either price is going to breakout or not and a tighter stop loss and quick b/e can help lessen the loser effects. As long as winners are larger in pips and money value you do not have to be right as often. Just my input. I have a trade manager program that came with my platform I will run on a demo and set various t/p levels.

Things seem to be moving along good, keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
I wouldn't mind a true/false input as to whether to use the future 26 bars cloud for stoploss, or just the current bar cloud.  That is probably one of the causes for such large stoplosses being hit.

Maybe seller would consider it.

Otherwise, ea is working perfectly here, but I am waiting to see how it handles coming out of suspension mode based on my set hours of operation for the ea.

Edit:

Seller, i think you'll find issues when using the trading hours in the ea.  It appears the trade trigger engine is still running while trading is suspended during off hours, so we'll get issues like this where a trade will be opened as soon as we are within trading hours again (see pic).

Also, I think the trade direction needs to be watched in case it passes thru the cloud and back during suspension mode.

http://my.jetscreenshot.com/3462/m_2...-srhx-54kb.jpg

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Hey FX - see annotated chart, I had 2 entries on CADJPY today both went to full S/L. I'd invite some other ideas on either filtering out large S/L trades or moving the S/L more aggressively depending on PA.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Please looking to the answers for these questions ?

1. was it a cloud sl trigger or a BE trigger ?

2. Did my cloud sl flip ?

3. Was my time correct or is it the opening of another new day when this happened as things tend to be erratic

4. is my RB optimised or am i using the default

5. do i need to adjust the flip sl values and the inital sl values ( presently 3 pips may be for this particular currency you may need to adjust )

The setting are default and the trade settings are good for ej eu gu , basically currencies with low spread and of major type.

I am sure the problem is residing in the 5 options listed , check it out and tighten them .

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Seller,

Here is an example of the trade direction module during no trade hours I gave earlier.

Notice because i was in no trade time, the sell wasnt taken, but the ea direction didn't change because of that.  So now there would have been a valid buy, but ea still is looking for sell only.  Hopefully this example helps to explain what I am talking about.

http://my.jetscreenshot.com/3462/m_2...-viqp-55kb.jpg

--- 帖子 #709 ---
had one trade +5 and one -1 from last night AU.Also triggered EU buy,UJ buy and GJ buy

--- 帖子 #710 ---
This is the situation at the moment.AU didn't triggered sell i don't know why.But its ok.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
EU Sl hit at BE +1

--- 帖子 #712 ---
I see the EA leaves a marker when a trade is opened, is there a way that a marker could be placed where the trade was closed. It would be nice to visually see where trades were closed instead of looking up history and finding the level on the chart.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
@seller 9 , nice suggestion , can be implemented. the EA will leave the marker for entry and the trade exit.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Hi Kumetto,

I have been thinking on the same lines to have optimum range/renko bars for each pair, and so below 'am writing what I've thought, it might not sound relevant as I am going to include time in the topic but I believe it would still give some idea....

So here is what I think....

We take 5/10/15/30 minute history of past few days and find out the mean changes in the ticks within these time frames.

Now I know this is not relevant as range/renko doesn't have time in it, but using this mean we can get an idea about the number of ticks a pair moves on an average during its most liquid and also non-liquid times (i.e. when London/US is open and when they are closed ) .. Also, if we want to trade a few time during every session we can use the average value on lower time frame, or on other hand use higher time frame for longer term frame as the mean value for ticks would be higher...

Once we have some idea about average tick move, we use that move to either optimise it further by dividing the time zones in open and close session or may be just use the average of all the history for last few days..

I hope my explanation makes sense...

I'd be happy to discuss this further to gain some knowledge or develop something along with constructive criticism but no distraction please..

Regards...

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Us dollar is sooo weak.EU was one of my favorite pairs and now sux much

--- 帖子 #716 ---
I have some experiense with ichimoku.I traded ichi 1 month ago i'm not very pleased but its only mater of right tf and cloud settings.I think that the system has great potential with or without rangebars, if you know what i mean.So test    on normal 1,5,15,30,60,240 would be very helpful.I've atached my chart used to trade with. I think that this EA could manage this too.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Shouldn't that be

प्रसाद: a material substance that is first offered to a deity in Hinduism and then consumed....

--- 帖子 #718 ---
If I set all the stop loss parameters to 0. Such as sl from cloud. pipstoflip etc. Will it remove the ea s/l or just put the s/l right on the cloud. I want to experiment with a set pip sl, not a moving sl with the cloud.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
The EA only changes direction after it enters into a live trade, that is why you should check it from time to time to see that it is looking for the right trade direction.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
The cloud stop loss can not be disabled, only offset can be changed.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
In this case if the ea was set to buyerandseller, would of the trade triggered? Because once his trading times came online there was a close within the cloud before it broke out.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
If we would like to have stops closer to entry price, for example for a long trade, can we set a negative number in the pips from cloud input ?

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Could you consider adding a feature that allows the setting of a sl other than opposite side of the cloud to start.

I am trying to set this up on a demo and test it with different parameters so the losses can be minimized. As I look at traderguy's myfxbook the large losses are what is killing profits.

I know unimak wanted 30pips out of this system but i would rather those 30 not come from whiplash of 130 pip profit 100 pip loss

--- 帖子 #724 ---
+100 on GU  Gj floating at +30.I decided to stop the EU pair and missed that +100 candle sell

--- 帖子 #725 ---
I will explore this further it looks like t has a lot of potential. It is super similar to an idea I had, but I was running 100 pip trades on an hour chart.

Keep  the great work

Mike Haran

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Kumetto can u please post your charts, I like to see visuals on the ea, and where entry and exit was etc.

Thanks in advance, and good trades.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
This is from yesterday till now.You can see that sell and after that gj flips off.I lost at the previous buy because of bad managed BEJS i.m going to use 20/1/5 ot max 25/1/5 for gj to avoid loses

--- 帖子 #728 ---
to cut more loses form rangeing EU i stoped the EA and the rezult is this.Biiig fall  But its FOMC meeting no one knew what will happen

--- 帖子 #729 ---
As long as your able to stay out of that ranging crap more often, then missing a move is okay imo. Cannot be perfect, but limiting our losses so the runs mean more is what I am after.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
But i could set BEJS at 10/1/1 and leave it run. Range was about 10-13 pips.But whatever.And have more solution.Maybe i should make renko chart bigger Tf at +10 or something

--- 帖子 #731 ---
OK EU from now will be

Renko range 8  BEJS 20/1/5

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Good job.

Can you please post the indicator you are using to create range or renko bars (is it run as a script or EA or an indicator?). Mine does not seem to be making consistent bar sizes using seller9's range bar EA.

Pls help.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Sure here it is.Its runing like EA on m1.Good luck

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Thanks

I will be using 10 on EU with BE at 25+profit and then letting it run till 100 TP hit with JS at every 1 pip

--- 帖子 #735 ---
I rather be in a 100+ pip move, and have some 10 pip loss in ranging market, than not having losses but miss the big trades. Here's my eu chart about this week with 6 pip range bars, you can see the entry points. There's an open trade with 76 pips in profit currently (70 locked in). If I don't count the big move today, then I'm still in profit while taking the ranging loses.

This week I'm using the 6 pip range bars on all the pairs, next week I'll try to set the barísizes with the method seller9 has showed earlier this week. At the beginning of the week there was a big drawdown in my demo account. There were gaps in price in many pairs at the market opening, and the EA got a bit confused with the situation  I've reseted my demo account to 1000 USD to get  a fresh start for the week, and that was down to 600 by the middle of monday. Now it's tuesday evening here, and the balance is back at 1022 USD, I think it's not too bad to get back a 40% loss in one day.

Seller9: I've sent you a private message yesterday have you got it? Because I can't find it in my sent folder (maybe I'm not allowed to send pm yet?).

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Sounds reasonable.Post your results  after

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Yah a 10 pip loss is fine, but I would like to avoid the 40pippers. Also the gap issue might mean we should not leave the ea open, or trades open over the weekend idk. I understand you restarted your demo, but if we do that everytime something goes array that is not a true indication of what is going on. Anyways we are all still fine tuning and I appreciate the time you are taking zool to backtest and use the sim, because I do not know how myself, and havent found the time to learn.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Get EU ranging down its easy, no big loses than 10-15 pips.But GJ is more then 40.But the pair is wining +100 often at good trade.I need to pimp the range for that.Main profit of my trades coming from 1.GJ,2.GU,3.AU,4.UJ

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Omg trade not triggered at NU ffs.Why me  It was sell i,ve change it to buy now.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Will see what happens.

AUD/JPY range = 12 BEJS = 25/1/1 TP = 100

AUD/USD range = 10 BEJS = 21/1/1 TP = 100

CAD/JPY range = 10 BEJS = 21/1/1 TP = 100

EUR/GBP range = 5 BEJS = 10/1/1 TP = 100

EUR/JPY range = 13 BEJS = 27/1/1 TP = 100

EUR/USD range = 10 BEJS = 20/1/1 TP = 100

GBP/JPY range = 15 BEJS = 31/1/1 TP = 100

GBP/USD range = 10 BEJS = 21/1/1 TP = 100

NZD/USD range = 8 BEJS = 17/1/1 TP = 100

USD/CHF range = 7 BEJS = 15/1/1 TP = 100

USD/JPY range = 8 BEJS = 17/1/1 TP = 100

Range Bar Indicator = RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG

- - - - - -- Ichimoku BreakOut Settings - - - - - - -

tenkan_sen=9;

kijun_sen=26;

senkou_span = 52;

shift = 1;

UseCleanCandleClose = true;

CleanCandlePips = 5;

IchiStopLossPIPSfromCloud = 3;

PipsInProfitBeforeSLflip = 10;

PipsInCloudAfterSLflip = 3;

UseBEJS = true;

- - - - - - - - - - Trading hours - - - - - - - - - -

- Use 24 hour, local computer time clock -

- - - - - - - - - Morning Hours 0-12 - - - - - - - - -

start_hourm = 0;

end_hourm = 12;

- - - - - - - - - Evening Hours 12-24 - - - - - - - -

start_houre = 12;

end_houre = 24;

- - - - - - - - - - Trade Settings - - - - - - - - - -

MagicNumber=0;

TradeComment="";

Lot=0.01;

slippage=4;

--- 帖子 #741 ---
I've closed all my positions at friday just before the market closed. After that I've started the EA again the moment the market opened. I've set it to look for buy and sell signals. I will check the history to see what went wrong, and caused that big drawdown (maybe that was just me with some screwed up settings, not the EA ). I've reseted my demo account because I've changed the parameters during the weekend, and I'm planning to reset at the beginning of the next week too, so the profit/loss would be obvious.

Last week I used 10 pip range bars, and at the end of the week there was about a 3% gain on the account, but there was almost a full day when the ea didn't run because I had some hardware issues with my computer.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
I will demo this.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
How long are you guys planning to demo this before you consider letting it go live?

I think zool had concerns that the strategy tester wasnt always accurate to forward testing, and posted pics, but if this could essentially be tested months to a year back I hope someone could show some numbers soon.

Those range bar settings look pretty good, I will have this running on a demo on thursdays and fridays because I live trade the other 3 days of the week.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Thanks. For TP I suggest we use 80% of average daily range for 10 days so for EU for example it will be 80% of 100-120pips ADR and same for other pairs. Can we build this thing into the EA else do it manually.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
I was thinking along the same lines, tp100 seems excessive for some of these pairs. Just as we vary the rb we should vary tp

--- 帖子 #746 ---
This setup looks great at first sight.I'm sure that this will be very accurate for buy and sell.I'm impatient to see the first trade tomorrow.If the demo goes fine,next week i'll put the setup live.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
At this point i don't care about tp. All i need is only winning trades.When we manage to get to lets say 100% winning trades,then i will manage the lots for every pair.So i will take some profit lets say pips 5 X0,1=5$ and if the pair make constant % of good trades i will raise the lot and it will be 5x0,5 and so on.I want to achieve accurate trade for pair.:nerd:

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Yes

No time right now.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
What do you think we can ever reasonably expect for winning trades from an ea like this 65-75%. And if the winners can be twice as big as the losers we are golden.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
We must try I have tested many Ea's winners,loosers.This is Ea,but infact you can trade the clouds manualy.I have traded ichimoku a little and it's the same.I'm using this setup to manage more trades,also I trade on other acc manualy,so this is bonus.I like forex and the way the things are here.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
I trade it live plus demo and my live account is up 10 % in about 5 days so far. This is just a penney account but will gradualy increase the lot size every week as the EA proves itself and I fine tune the settings on the demo account and then move them over to the live account.

I do close out some trades manually in the live account if they look like they have maybe reached their max profit, money is money.

Trades for 04 - 03: .01 lot size, will increase lot size each week as I move along.

CADJPY = -$2.99

AUDUSD = +$5.23

GBLUSD = +$8.95

EURUSD = -$1.00

EURUSD = +$8.06

I let it run 24/5 on the live account as well as the demo account. I am thinking about doing a time study to see when the best time would be to trade for the pairs I am trading. Maybe that way I can skip some of the noise thats still left.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Same here

P.S. Not results  lol

--- 帖子 #753 ---
one suggestion when we keep 100 pips as TP it will normally not hit in a day and might roll over to the other day , The only way we can get 100 pips in a day for EU is ( EU has a normal day and we managed to sell near the top , I think that is too much and 99 % we will not hit ) instead if we keep 60 pips that is more achieveable in EU . EU normal day should show a move around 120 -60 pips so if we manage 50 % of that , then it is great achievement.

Just a note for thought.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
This is just a starting point and something to be looked at as I am going to do some looking into the ADR for each pair I trade and then adjust these numbers to a resonable percentage of that.

So eventually we will have different settings for each pair for;

1) RangeBar size

2) TP

3) Time to trade

4) BEJS

For tonight I have put some code into the EA to mark on the chart each of the 4 sessions when they are active to see if I can see what would be the best times for each pair and session to trade that pair. Since we are using range bars and not time candles it will be based on my computer time to place these session lines on the chart.

Such as London would be 2 AM for me CST. By doing this maybe we can figure out the best times to set for each pair also. Will be interesting to see if the breakouts coincide with any particular session for different pairs. Maybe by doing this we can avoid some of the noise durring slow times and just stay out all together durring that time.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Need to avoid this type of thing if possible.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #756 ---
@Seller,

In case you missed it, post #705 has a possible bug in regards to using the trading time session in the ea.  Might be a problem you'll run into if/when you start limiting trade times.  My session starts in about an hour, and I'll post another screen if the problem occurs again tonight.

Btw, in case I forgot to say before, very nice job on this ea so far

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Here it is again, on eurjpy.  as soon as it comes out of suspension mode, it took the short trade.

http://my.jetscreenshot.com/3462/m_2...-3o6f-99kb.jpg

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Demoing new set from seller9

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Take a  look at my chart with 6 pip range bars (unfortunately I missed the second big move to enter manually, but I catched it on GJ).

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Gj sell triggered.Closed manualy at +10 on live.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Did not triggered sell here i dont know why.On demo its ok but i took it manualy live

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Cadjpy demo sell

--- 帖子 #763 ---
I was wrong about GBPJPY 23 pips left till hit +100tp.Low broken. 1 more bad trade of me

--- 帖子 #764 ---
I have a question about the behavior of the EA after trades have closed.

Let's say a sell was taken for whatever reason.  Trade closed (win, lose, draw...doesn't matter).

After it closes it keeps sell at false.  Is this normal behavior? because I would like it to automatically look for trades going either way like I originally set it.

Or after each trade closes on each pair, do I have to manually go back in and set that direction back to true?

--- 帖子 #765 ---
When is sell after close is looking for buy and oposite.If you want to keep sell you will have to manualy set.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Here are my Statments on Live Konto

Broker Oanda

Start Time 26/03/2012

Pairs and the settings

EURUSD    Range 10 - EA - 25/5/1

GBPUSD    Range 10 - EA - 25/5/1

GBPJPY     Range 14 - EA - 33/5/1

USDJPY     Range 7 - EA - 19/5/1

USDCHF    Range 6 - EA - 17/5/1

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hi,

I make my own robot a litle diferent first two trade....RB 6

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #768 ---
what you are looking for is re entry trades in same direction which is out of the plan as of now, we have not come that far , it will move from buy mode to sell mode vice versa. The logic is not in the EA , EA is just a trade machine that is all, The trade logic is in the charts on which you throw this EA . You throw this EA on a good chart it will do wonders.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Interesting  : )) Will you share it for testing or?

--- 帖子 #770 ---
I must make some modifications and then i will share... ;-)

--- 帖子 #771 ---
I see you missed the next big move down, becoz the EA was set to Buyer. I have missed big moves like these too. An option to reset to buyer/seller would be great. Just a suggestion...

--- 帖子 #772 ---
I think that re-entry is the best for renko bars,since its hard get a non triangle trend.You're on the right way.Keep on going

--- 帖子 #773 ---
I use two strategy 1. Cloud break out and 2. scalp in direction of the trend i use sma 6 for entry and exit signal and for now also for breakout close is sma6.... But need some noise to filter mybe with sma 16 !?

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Attached Image

Attached Image

The last one +70 pips

--- 帖子 #775 ---
You're the man. ; ) I'm losing patience to test this

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Why there ?!Trade nowhere

--- 帖子 #777 ---
so just to take the that a step further....

let's say later on it initiates the buy and closes.  Will all trading now be disabled and I will need to manually reset both buy and sell to true?

Just curious....

--- 帖子 #778 ---
When trade closes the Ea sets the oposite.If trade was buy ea turns sell,when trade was sell ea turns buy.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Ohhhh, ok...thanks...makes a lot of sense now!

--- 帖子 #780 ---
I have added several things to the next version do out soon.

1) Auto Buy Sell Mode: If set to true the trade direction will be determined by which way it breaks out of the cloud.

2) The EA now calculates the Daily range for the last 10 days and uses this to calculate a Take profit Target if used and also the BE setting. So if you set Take profit to Auto and BE to Auto you do not have to set these values for each pair. You still have to set the pips of BE profit and the JS step size in pips though. The Pips/Bar and daily range the EA calculates will be used in these calculations to find these values. Take profit can be set as a percentage of last 10 day average daily range and BE can be set as a percentage of Pips/bar.

Below is what was calculated by the EA for the following pairs using a multiplier of 0.50 for the TP and 2.5 for the BE setting.

I will try these tonight.

AUD/JPY range = 12 BEJS = 30/1/1 TP = 63

AUD/USD range = 10 BEJS = 22/1/1 TP = 55

CAD/JPY range = 10 BEJS = 22/1/1 TP = 58

EUR/GBP range = 5 BEJS = 10/1/1 TP = 22

EUR/JPY range = 13 BEJS = 30/1/1 TP = 74

EUR/USD range = 10 BEJS = 22/1/1 TP = 56

GBP/JPY range = 15 BEJS = 37/1/1 TP = 85

GBP/USD range = 10 BEJS = 22/1/1 TP = 56

NZD/USD range = 8 BEJS = 20/1/1 TP = 43

USD/CHF range = 7 BEJS = 17/1/1 TP = 37

USD/JPY range = 8 BEJS = 17/1/1 TP = 49

Range Bar Indicator = RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG

Range Bar EA = RenkoLiveChart_v3.3

- - - - - --  Ichimoku BreakOut Settings - - - - - - -

Buyer = false;

Seller = false;

AutoBuySell = true;

tenkan_sen=9;

kijun_sen=26;

senkou_span = 52;

shift = 1;

UseCleanCandleClose = true;

CleanCandlePips = 5;

IchiStopLossPIPSfromCloud = 3;

PipsInProfitBeforeSLflip = 10;

PipsInCloudAfterSLflip = 3;

UseBEJS = true;

AutoIchiBreakEvenPips = true;

AutoIchiBreakEvenPipsMultiplier = 2.5;

IchiBreakEvenPips=0;

IchiBreakEvenProfitPips=1;

IchiJumpingStopPips=1;

AutoTakeProfitPips = true;

TakeProfitPips = 0;

AutoTakeProfitPipsMultiplier = 0.50;

- - - - - - - - - - Trading hours - - - - - - - - - -

- Use 24 hour, local computer time clock -

- - - - - - - - - Morning Hours 0-12 - - - - - - - - -

start_hourm = 0;

end_hourm = 12;

- - - - - - - - - Evening Hours 12-24 - - - - - - - -

start_houre = 12;

end_houre = 24;

- - - - - - - - - - Trade Settings - - - - - - - - - -

MagicNumber=0;

TradeComment="";

Lot=0.01;

slippage=4;

--- 帖子 #781 ---
[quote=seller9;5543606]I have added several things to the next version do out soon.

Hi Seller9 - thank you for all your great efforts in developing the EA. I've noticed that between versions u7 and u8 when backtesting with Renko Bars, the EA will execute the first trade, close it (either by S/L or T/P) and then never open another new trade again for the life of the backtest.

I do not see this behavior on version u7, it flips back and forth between buy and sell trades as the PA moves above and below the cloud.

I am using all defaults when backtesting on u7 and u8.

Any ideas?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Wow, that is incredible. I think we are getting very close to the holy grail here. Thanks for all you are doing.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Reading stuff like this makes me lol. I hope it can be profitable, and is seeming to prove itself, but lets not jinx it with this kind of outlandish statement.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Ha Ha Ha... It was a joke ... tongue in cheek... although it is very good.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
What you think on this chart with others setting....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #786 ---
That looks interesting... would the EA enter every time PA came out of the cloud? if so, that would capture a Lot O' Pips

--- 帖子 #787 ---
[quote=traderguynw;5543745]
Version 7 had a little different logic because it used the RenkoRangeBar indicator. Version 8 went back to the regular Rangebar indicator which is a little different. I see a lot like the Renko style better so in version 9 I am going back to the Renko style and that is what the EA will stay based on. So lets wait and see what happens.

Maybe you could give a short description of how you are back testing and the Renko Bar generator you are using. I tried the comercial Range Bar plug in and it ran but seemed to be stopped out at the wrong places and the cloud stop loss did not seem to be placed right.

It would give me a chance to maybe do a back test to see if it works before I publish it.

I know a few traders were looking for a partial close option also, I may add that but may wait for the version after this new one as I don't want to get too many things out there for testing at the same time, although I am using it on the etb EA and it does work Ok, so just a matter of moving it over. Will see how the tests go the rest of this week and I may just add it to this next version.

So if possible, please show me how you are back testing and how it was working on version 7. I believe the only thing changed in v8 from v7 was to catch the cloud break out when the candle closed above and below the cloud when it was very narrow and of course the rangebar numbers.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Hello Seller9,

Really appriciating your efforts and EA is absolutely rocking.

In case of RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG and RenkoLiveChart_v3.3, which one is more suitable?

--- 帖子 #789 ---
There is a slight change here.With renko live chart 3.3

GBP/JPY range 10 BEJS 30/1/1 tp 100

USD/JPY range 5 BEJS  15/1/1 tp 70

EUR/JPY range 7 BEJS  20/1/1 tp 100

Previous was GBP/JPY range 7  BEJS 30/1/5 tp100

Previous was USD/JPY range 4 BEJS 20/1/5 tp 100

Previous was EUR/JPY range 8 BEJS  25/1/5 tp 100

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Two new charts added for trading.

USD/CHF  range 4 BEJS 10/1/1 tp 100

EUR/GBP  range  4  BEJS  15/1/1 tp 60

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Good luck all,and stay tuned

--- 帖子 #792 ---
those new ranges look really good. kind of impressive actually.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Thank you.Now the most immportant depends of the market.No one knows what will happen.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
16:34:20 ichimoku_u8 AUDUSD_FX,M20: Alert: AUDUSD_FX OP_BUY order send failed with error(129): invalid price, heh not good not good .Buy missed

--- 帖子 #795 ---
are you on MT4 build 418? if so upgrade to 419 or downgrade.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
I'm 419.NVM its on auto i will not make order.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
we need to fine tune the range bar in this range 3 pip - 9 pips max the lesser the better, as we move up in the range bar range our sl will also move up and become big , ideally a cloud sl below 20 should be good .

a trade is a winner if it moves abv 10 pips in any pair , as long as we do not hit sl , all winning trades should be welcome . our aim should be to avoid hitting sl for if we do not hit sl what remains can be fine tuned further.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Range settings and SL to me depend on how volatile is the pair and what is its range. the bigger the range more the chances of SL hit if range is not correctly set.

Things change over time and so our Range and SL should also be adjusted accordingly. So e.g. CJ if range is 9 pips then chances are the SL might get hit. I have just started testing this EA but those who have already sp volatile pairs should comment here. Thankx

--- 帖子 #799 ---
well as i have been running ver 7 on vps , posting the results, I have not gone deep into it , but what i find this week that ea is consistently hitting profits more than loss and loss is also around 10 -15 pips .

want to share it with you all and i using 4-9 range bar size.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
What range indicator/Ea  youre using?

--- 帖子 #801 ---
I haven't had time to compare them so can't really say. If I get time I will do a chart with each one and see. I would think either one is OK.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Thanks for the updates and new info, they look good, will add them to my settings chart.

--- 帖子 #803 ---
As the unimak said.Sl is big on my charts.I will try to set his 4-9 range indi but when he tells me wich one

--- 帖子 #804 ---
have added this great ea to my trade explorer here on FF.  Not a bad starting week, we'll see how it goes over time

http://www.forexfactory.com/tazmaan

--- 帖子 #805 ---
First test look good, i will use Ichimoku in this way.... +50 pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Looks extra ordinary  Nice job.The logic is right.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
hi

for some reason on mutliple  mt4 terminals any time i try and attach range bars i get them all squished, and consequntly the cloud doesnt display properly. if it does show only a small portion is displayed.

this happens with rangebars.ex4, renko rangebars and also renko live chart.

can anyone help im really tearing my hair out over this.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
probably due to not getting enough m1 history for the pair to create enough range bars.  download m1 data and try again

--- 帖子 #809 ---
when you open the M1 chart just press the "PAGE UP" button on your keyboard. if it brings you back to today to often because of incoming ticks turn off autoscroll then redo the PAGE-UP until the end this will fill all the data needed for your OFFLINE Charts.

after open your OFFLINE chart you should have more data for your Range Bars unless your using 50 or 100 pips range bars then you would'nt have much Candles

hope this helps

--- 帖子 #810 ---
that did the trick cheers maxzeus and tazmaan

ps running kumetto settings and so far this EA is tearing up the markets

now will set up seller9 settings and see what happens...

--- 帖子 #811 ---
i am still on ver 7 not yet jumped to ver 8 , these results are of ver 7 and indicator is the rangebar indicator given by seller 9

--- 帖子 #812 ---
this is my logic to set the range bar for the any security , take a dump of m1 quote from the broker arrive at the 1 m average for the period and multiply by 175 % and u get some nice range in between 4 -9 , that is taken plus minus 1 pip down or up .

mostly it is efficient . try it out and give the feedback .

as regards tp i just put it around 60 -80 pips not more than that . unless it is gjpy which can fire more than 200 pips per day .

I look for consistent hits rather than big hits on one day and meagre or sl the next day .

My aim is to avoid sl trigger or in the worst case come out at BE and i am not worried with profits , as it will come automatically if i avoid sl and BE.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
[quote=seller9;5544065]
Hi Seller - thanks for the info. I was using Renko to generate my offline charts so it makes sense that the EA_u8 was not triggering properly.

I use the commercial Renko bar plugin from MT4 Forex Systems, it has some nice integrated backtest features.

Let me know if there are specific Renko based backtests you'd like me to perform with it for your testing purposes, I'd be happy to help out.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #814 ---
[quote=traderguynw;5547963]
can you setup demo for these pairs ( eu ej au gu uj ) for RB 4 5 6 7 8 & 9

with version 7 and with renko 3.3 , and let it run for 5 days mon - fri so that we know which pair does it best on which RB and time of trade .

--- 帖子 #815 ---
I not understand this . Can you please give an Example

Thanks a lot

Icemaan

--- 帖子 #816 ---
load the 1 m chart press control plus s you get a  1 m csv file given by your broker now you just minus the high from low to get the movement per min , add all these high low difference and average it , you get some pips as average to it mulitply 175 % to arrive at the rb to set. so 2 become 3.50 after you apply the percentage , then you can take 4 or 5 pip rb .

hope now things are clear

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Bad bad bad.EA missed those.AUS/JPY missed also.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Can u plz explain the logic of 175%

why not 200% or something else. Is it just to arrive at unimak's 4-9 pips?

I am testing 6 pairs for ranges from 10-20 defined using a different method. Hope it works else will try yours.

We need to consistently apply a range on a pair to see the result (say 1-2 weeks).

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Next version from Seller 9 will not miss such trades. Since his auto breakout settings will take trade to whichever way breakouts

Waiting for next version....

--- 帖子 #820 ---
actually it should 61.8 % but since we are applying it at micro level we can afford a little bit of luxury , no it  has got nothing to do with 4-9 pips , if we get anything above also is fine with me if the sl is tight and it hits consistently profits .

--- 帖子 #821 ---
The only reason i say I RB should be 4 -9 range is bcoz i think with low RB sl will be tight. if we have a big RB sl will be loose and if it does hit even once it hurts a lot.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Any Idea how to prevent this huge spike buy order that opened below the cloud?  It was looking correctly for the next clean candle but due to the news release and slippage it didn't open until below the cloud and didn't produce a stop loss or a take profit.

http://dl.dropbox.com/u/49530125/audjpy.gif

--- 帖子 #823 ---
This is due to the NFP effect , i doubt even if the ea fires the broker will fill these orders, it is better to ignore this as it is not a normal condition, EA not firing in these circumstances is infact a blessing in disguise.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Same here.  EA did not fire on multiple charts.  Caught all the losses and almost none of the wins

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Maybe the spread is too high at the time.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
kumetto: There was NFP and some other major news out at 13:30 GMT. I had 6 positions open because I forgot to close them and shut down the EA before the release. All of them was in profit, and all of them were stopped out just before the NFP release making a huge loss overall.

I think it's not fair to blame the EA, since almost all the traders say that you should stay out of trading at Friday, and during news release, especially NFP (except if you have specialized strategy to trade the news).

--- 帖子 #827 ---
I figured it out.  My ping is too high from my home computer.  I need a VPS with low latency to my broker server.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
So this week I've used 6 pip range bars on all the 9 pairs I trade. There were 2 big losses this week: at the beginning of the week, when lots of pairs opened with a relatively big gap, and the NFP release. Before the NFP the overall gain was about 3%, same as the previous week.

I've made a spreadsheet from the exported statement, you can find it in the attachment.

The biggest loser pairs was:

EURJPY, GBPJPY

The biggest winners:

EURUSD, GBPUSD, USDCHF

Next week I'll run the EA on 2 accounts. I'll set the range bar sizes on the 2 different method seller9 and unimak suggested (based on 15 min 480 ATR vs. averaging and multiplying the ranges on 1 min chart).

I will wait for tuesday London open with the start (this week I started the EA when the market opened), since it will be easter and bank holidays almost everywhere.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
zool did you run the ea on all days all the time  or run it selectively as EJ is shown as loss with or without nfp ?? something is wrong pls chek.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
I've run it all the time. The EJ catched a good trade after the NFP release, that's why the loss is smaller including the NFP trades. Looking back at the chart the problems was:

The EA didn't catch the big down move at  the beginning of monday, because there was a spike before that stopped out the previously opened sell trade, and the EA was looked a buy trade after that. That was about 150-160 pips missed. You can see this stopped out short trade in the spreadsheet - this was the first trade the EA made.

Then there was a bouncing price movement at Apr 3 afternoon, where there was 4 losing trades in series.

These 2 things caused the loss made on EJ. A better range bar size would have filtered out the bouncing up and down through the kumo, and looking for both side trades would let the EA catch the big short trade at monday.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Check the GJ at 2012.04.02 12:07 that was the trade the EA missed on the EJ (these two pairs move in a very similar way).

Theres something strange on the GJ: there was no trades between monday morning and afternoon,but there was about 5 entry opportunities looking at the chart. After that there was a trade opened without stop loss, this happened 2 times this week, I don't know the reason for this. maybe it's my broker. There was a missed big down move at thursday, also caused bay a previously closed short trade.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
seller9: Will you release the u9 version before the starting of the next week? I don't want to change versions in the middle of the week, because that would make the testing results inaccurate.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
I'm not blaming the Ea  Just shouted what happened

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Everyone,

I notice there is still a lot of discussion and consideration for the optimal settings for this EA. It no doubt has loads of potential, but of course the key is correct parameterization as the market takes on different personalities..

I found this article that describes how to optimize any EA settings using realtime data at predefined intervals using the strategy tester of another MT instance communicated with through a text file. You tell it what variables of your EA to match and it will optimize for you. ->

http://articles.mql4.com/506

How Automated Optimizer Works

The automated optimizer works on the basis of using Terminal-Tester to optimize parameters of the Expert Advisor attached to the chart in Terminal. For this, the program sends to the Terminal-Tester a file containing optimization parameters (optimise.ini) and launches the Terminal Tester in the optimization mode. Then it copies the obtained results of "FileReport........htm" back to the Terminal and filters the best values from the obtained results.

@seller9 do you think this could work with either the rangebar EA or the ichimoku one?

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Unimak please give feedback if I'm doing it the way you thinked about the range bar size. I saved the 1 minute data from my broker as a csv file, then load it into open office as a spreadsheet (excel can't handle more than 65535 rows). Then I subtracted the low value from the high value in each row, to get that minutes range. Then I put an average function on this column to get the average range of the 1 minute chart. Then I multiplied this with 1.75, 1.681 and 2.681 (these latter two are Fibonacci levels - I think you referred to the Fibonacci levels with the 61,8%). The 75% and 61,8% gave almost the same value, after rounding it's actually the same.

Here is a link to the Openoffice document I made for this:
http://db.tt/HSKiHfZE

The other method for the range bar size, is that I put an ATR indi on a 15 minute chart with 480 set as the period (1 business week), and the range size is the indi's value at the last candle today at market close.

So here it is (name - atr value - 168.1% avg - 268.1% avg):

AUDUSD - 9 - 4 - 6

EURAUD - 10 - 4 - 6

EURJPY - 12 - 4 - 6

EURUSD - 9 - 4 - 6

GBPJPY - 14 - 4 - 7

GBPUSD - 9 - 4 - 6

USDCAD - 6 - 3 - 4

USDCHF - 6 - 3 - 5

USDJPY - 8 - 2(?) - 3

This week I set all the pairs at 6 pip value. I gave the summarized results earlier today, so I think I won't test the 268,1% settings.

The USDJPY with the 2 pip range setting actually will be like a renko chart, because on 2 pips it's impossible to have wicks.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
The big losses on the EJ and GJ bothered me enough, to check the charts how can it be made profitable. I only went through quickly on the GJ, it's really late here (2:00 am) so I cannot post a screenshot and such things, but check it on your charts.

So I set the range bar size to 14 pips, and the Ichimoku settings to 7,10,34. I thinking of not using the BEJS but a fixed take profit of 25-30 pips, or closing with the cloud-following stop loss when the price enters the kumo. There would be numerous re-entries on bigger moves (if seller9 will implement the "auto" feature). There are some negative stop-loss hits, because the GJ loves to swing around the kumo sometimes, but at a quick glance I think the gains would be bigger than the losses.

Please check it, and share your thoughts.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Things added

1) AutoIchiBreakEvenPips: Set to true to use this along with the "AutoIchiBreakEvenPipsMultiplier". This mutiplies the pips/bar by this multiplier to arive at your BE setting if used. Set to false to use the "IchiBreakEvenPips" setting. So if your RB is 4 pips and your multiplier is 2.5 your BE will be 10.

2) AutoTakeProfitPips: This uses the Daily Range (20)(last 20 day average) multipled by the "AutoTakeProfitPipsMultiplier" to set a TP that is sent to the Broker. Set to false to use the "TakeProfitPips" instead. So if the DR(20) is 94 and the multiplier is 0.50 the TP will be set at 47 pips.

3) AutoBuySell: Set Buyer and Seller to false when using.

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u8.ex4

42 KB
|
8,387 downloads

--- 帖子 #838 ---
The other method for the range bar size, is that I put an ATR indi on a 15 minute chart with 480 set as the period (1 business week), and the range size is the indi's value at the last candle today at market close.

>>> this method is not that accurate as the one done using raw data .it will do the job but it is not a killer .

the values that you have posted has some mistake i am getting 3.5 pip for eu so you need to multiply 1.75 % to it to arrive at the rb figure . now to this figure we may have to add 1 pip or subract 1 pip to arrive at the magic number .

so suppose you get 9 then either it is 9 or 8 or 10 in these 3 numbers like the correct settings.

now using these three if we can get some strategy tester to work accuractely we will know the winning percentage if we run all the time this ea mon to fri or

if we can get a specific time span in gmt where the hit is high then it will too good.

best of luck and wish you all the success in your testing . keep it up

Then I put an average function on this column to get the average range of the 1 minute chart.

>>>> once you get the difference between buy and sell you just add all the cells and divide by the number of colums you get the avg and then to that avg your multiply by 1.75 % or 1.68.1 % (yes this fib level)

Then I multiplied this with 1.75, 1.681 and 2.681 (these latter two are Fibonacci levels - I think you referred to the Fibonacci levels with the 61,8%). The 75% and 61,8% gave almost the same value, after rounding it's actually the same.

>>> yes you need round off to the nearest value on the higher side

--- 帖子 #839 ---
The RangeBar EA's doesn't generate the offline charts when the market is closed. Am I right?

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Exactly...you have to wait for server feed during market hours

--- 帖子 #841 ---
There are  commercial range bar generating scripts, that can generate charts when the market is closed.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
How do you get 3.5? In my datas on EU the majority of the difference between high and low is between 1 or 3 pips.

Here are some random rows from my spreadsheet (the last number is the difference between high and low):

02/17/1212:05:00 PM1.31561.31571.31541.315493

02/17/1212:06:00 PM1.31551.31571.31551.315642

02/17/1212:07:00 PM1.31571.31581.31561.315682

02/17/1212:08:00 PM1.31571.31571.31561.3157111

--- 帖子 #843 ---
2011.12.2210:281.307351.307451.3062711.8

2011.12.2210:291.306281.30651.306163.4

2011.12.2210:301.306451.306471.306291.8

2011.12.2210:311.306421.306531.306153.8

2011.12.2210:321.306321.306321.30576.2

2011.12.2210:331.305941.305981.3041118.7

2011.12.2210:341.304661.304821.30426.2

2011.12.2210:351.30421.304631.303877.6

2011.12.2210:361.30391.304911.303910.1

2011.12.2210:371.304711.304831.304562.7

2011.12.2210:381.304811.304941.304771.7

2011.12.2210:391.304811.30511.304753.5

2011.12.2210:401.304921.305021.304831.9

2011.12.2210:411.304991.304991.304346.5

2011.12.2210:421.304551.305041.304317.3

2011.12.2210:431.305021.305181.304952.3

2011.12.2210:441.305151.305581.304926.6

2011.12.2210:451.305561.305661.305452.1

2011.12.2210:461.305561.305761.305522.4

2011.12.2210:471.305751.305811.305671.4

2011.12.2210:481.305681.305731.305442.9

2011.12.2210:491.305441.305681.30542.8

2011.12.2210:501.305611.305651.305422.3

2011.12.2210:511.305461.305861.305454.1

2011.12.2210:521.305821.305841.305543

2011.12.2210:531.305621.305911.305593.2

2011.12.2210:541.30581.305821.305572.5

2011.12.2210:551.305611.305791.305413.8

2011.12.2210:561.305751.305831.305533

2011.12.2210:571.305591.305751.305393.6

2011.12.2210:581.305751.305861.305454.1

2011.12.2210:591.305561.305781.305552.3

2011.12.2211:001.305771.305781.305641.4

2011.12.2211:011.305711.305731.305353.8

2011.12.2211:021.305471.305481.305232.5

2011.12.2211:031.305491.305491.305272.2

2011.12.2211:041.305471.305671.305412.6

2011.12.2211:051.305651.305671.305580.9

2011.12.2211:061.305591.305711.305521.9

2011.12.2211:071.305691.305741.305611.3

2011.12.2211:081.305661.305791.305641.5

2011.12.2211:091.305811.305921.305722

2011.12.2211:101.305821.305821.305691.3

2011.12.2211:111.305711.305861.305711.5

2011.12.2211:121.305861.305911.305642.7

2011.12.2211:131.305771.305971.305752.2

2011.12.2211:141.3061.306691.3066.9

2011.12.2211:151.306191.306491.306113.8

2011.12.2211:161.306481.306521.306391.3

2011.12.2211:171.306451.306491.306113.8

2011.12.2211:181.306181.306441.306083.6

2011.12.2211:191.306241.306371.306142.3

2011.12.2211:201.306151.30621.305992.1

2011.12.2211:211.306011.30621.305912.9

2011.12.2211:221.306191.306491.30613.9

2011.12.2211:231.306491.306521.306381.4

2011.12.2211:241.306361.306491.306252.4

2011.12.2211:251.306411.306411.306182.3

2011.12.2211:261.306191.306211.306061.5

2011.12.2211:271.306161.306211.306071.4

2011.12.2211:281.30621.306311.306092.2

2011.12.2211:291.30621.306371.306033.4

2011.12.2211:301.306381.306381.306172.1

2011.12.2211:311.306351.306371.306172

2011.12.2211:321.306321.306351.306033.2

2011.12.2211:331.306161.306161.306021.4

2011.12.2211:341.306111.306171.305972

2011.12.2211:351.306151.306191.306021.7

2011.12.2211:361.306051.306241.3062.4

2011.12.2211:371.306191.306421.306172.5

2011.12.2211:381.306331.306771.306284.9

2011.12.2211:391.306451.306731.306383.5

2011.12.2211:401.306751.306791.306592

comes to avg 3.37 approx.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
suppose you get 3 then on that 175 % and rounding it will come to around 6 rb final value. whatever it is your broker dump is the final .

--- 帖子 #845 ---
I double checked my datas, and getting the results I posted earlier. Which period do you use for the calculation?

--- 帖子 #846 ---
First sorry for my bad English

Here are my Settings for next week.What I do is the follow

Dump the File from my Broker for the last Week (02.04-06.04)

Take the Averange  and multiply with 268,1%

For TP take the ATR (20)/2

For Breakeven take 1/2 of TP

Only one Question

EA Version 7 works with Renko Live Chart 3.3?

--- 帖子 #847 ---
you take m1 dump

--- 帖子 #848 ---
I've worked with the m1 dump, it's starting from about the middle of january. I don't know why we got so different results.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
broker is the reason , nothing to worry .

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Hi Seller.

I loaded the new version of U8 and when I start up Metatrader it crashes the process.  If I go in through the file management side and rename the EA to something else I can start up MT4 just fine.  (The EA can't be found and so doesn't crash MT4)   I'm using Buikd 409 on FinFX.    I'll see if I still have the old version of U8.   Not sure what's going on.

Thanks!

Just an FYI - I loaded the last version of U8 and it still works great !

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Same thing here downloaded new version 8 and it closes the metatrader upon startup.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Same here and the experts tab has this in the report:
2012.04.08 17:12:50    ichimoku_u8 (2) EURJPY,M32: executable file is corrupted. Please recompile it.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
I am running build 419 without any problems, but here is a recompiled u8 just in case it is corrupt.

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u8.ex4

42 KB
|
472 downloads

--- 帖子 #854 ---
I downloaded the file in the last post and the program shuts MT4 down every time. I erased all existing files and folders and reinstalled MT4 and the indicator. Program still started and imediately shut down. Any ideas. I dont know how to tell what ver of MT4 i'm using, but i just downloaded it from IBFX.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
I downloaded an earlier posting of ver8 and it runs fine

--- 帖子 #856 ---
I thought it was just me... Ver 8 crashes my HotForex MT4 every time I run it - even with the default settings.

What could I be doing wrong?

Thanks for all the hard work and time you guys are putting in to make this great method a reality.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
i think we need to be using the same build 419 as seller9 in order to run the EA.

seller9, is it possible to compile using an earlier build?

thanks.

-guandi

--- 帖子 #858 ---
There are still issues with SL/TP where the EA is not allowed to set it, see example below:

05:00:01 ichimoku_u8 NZDUSD,M20: Alert: NZDUSD ichimoku has sent a Buy Signal and suspended Robot

05:00:03 ichimoku_u8 NZDUSD,M20: open #13240568 buy 0.01 NZDUSD at 0.81767 ok

05:00:03 ichimoku_u8 NZDUSD,M20: NZDUSD SL/TP  order modify failed with error(130): invalid stops

This is the newest version I run on MT4 build 419.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
OK, for some reason earlier versions of MT4 are having problems with compiled version using Build 419, I thought I heard Build 418 had problems, thats why 419 came out so fast. I tried a compiled 419 on a 409 version and it does crash, so I recompiled it with version 409 and it does not crash. So here is a version u8 compiled with Build 409.

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u8.ex4

42 KB
|
583 downloads

--- 帖子 #860 ---
That one works much better -THANKS

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Thanks Seller.  This version works great.  Appreciate the fast update

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Version 8, build 419,

Renko Live settings mentioned in the #846

Closed trades
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Open trades
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Its set to 25/1/1 but shows 14/1/1 any problems or its auto?

--- 帖子 #864 ---
OK.Got that.What is better auto BEJS or fixed like the post #846?

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Are you using auto BJES or No

--- 帖子 #866 ---
BEJS is set according to post  #837 by seller9.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Thank  you.All set now.Happy piping everyone

P.S> Short triggered EU

--- 帖子 #868 ---
I've started the EA this morning when the London session started. The range bar settings and the EA settings are in the attachment. I didn't use the auto take profit and BE feature yet, the AutoBuySell is enabled.

I said that I will test the EA with 2 different range bar setting, but unfortunately I cannot do that. I have a desktop comp, and a notebook, I've ran the previous week's testing on the notebook, sometimes it was slow, but it worked. This new u8 version is completely freezes MT4 if I put it on more than 4 pairs. On the desktop computer, I'm running it on 9 pairs, but if I run it on 18 pairs (the 2 different settings), then it's too much, since I have to run it on a virtual machine, because I'm using OSX for my work.

I've set up a myfxbook account for the EA, but it stopped working (maybe because I'm running it from a virtual machine). Neither the myfxbook EA updater and the ftp updater not working. If somebody knows what could be the problem, please help me. My broker just updated the MT4 to the 419 build, I've set up the account on build 418 with the myfxbook EA on a normal Win7 (not virtual machine).

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Ok

here my Results on Live Account so far

EA Version 8

Renko Live Charts Version 3.3

Renko Settings look my Post 846

EA Settings default

Pairs

EURUSD/GBPUSD/GBPJPY/USDJPY/USDCHF

Trading Time

Monday 00:00 GMT - Thursday 22:00GMT

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Hi All,

I've started running the tests on the EA too, but unfortunately, I am finding that MT4 crashes.

I've noticed that it took a gold trade last night and was on in profit today morning, around 3 am(i m in UK), but when I got up at 7 to go to work, it had crashed and closed itself.

Is anyone else finding this too ??

Btw I am running it on eu, gu, uj and gold pairs, but only gold trade was triggered and than at some point mt4 had crashed.

Same thing had happened last week where I would leave mt4 running but it would crash and close itself...

Share your experiences please...

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Stop loss hit at -22 heh  And buy triggered

--- 帖子 #872 ---
It should get recovered in the next but trade witch EA about to fire.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I guess

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Many Thanks to Seller9 for developing additional functions in this wonderful EA. Since it checks for the breakout on both the ways.

Now more precise accurate settings for renko and BEJS will be wonderful. Anyways, I am now 140 pips till now.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
USD/CHF sell.Expected EJ sell triggered too

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Did not recovered  CLosed at BE +1

--- 帖子 #877 ---
I had the same experience before I opened a daily chart and pressed "Page Up/Page Down" to get the history for the pairs you trade. Seller9 have implemented a Daily Range feature based on the 20 last days to set the TP and if you don't have history for this, this can possibly happen. Try it and see if it helps.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Thanks for replying, but I have history dating back to February 17/18 onwards on 1min chart.

Isn't it the 1min history which we need to run the range charts ?? Or am I missing something here..???

--- 帖子 #879 ---
I have the new U8 on 11 pairs with a fixed TP of 20 pips and am up 2% overnight.   This is a Demo account.  Using BEJS

--- 帖子 #880 ---
The EA itself uses and indicator where it looks on Daily Range and if you don't have history for daily, it might generate the MT4 crash.

Don't mix RangeBar with the EA logic itself, its 2 different things...

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Hello Icemaan,

Any suggestion for EU renko settings. 6 pips gave 2 bad result for today.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
EU is a bit  tricky when its ranging but no big loses.RB 6 is good range

--- 帖子 #883 ---
One more sell trade triggered after a loosing 1 buy and 1 sell trade. Let's see...

--- 帖子 #884 ---
EJ sell closed at +20 EU at -2 UC sell is on -20 floating.And here we go buy EU.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
I agree here, its not much you can do when EU range with 70+ pips today.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Like its going to loose again.Gone 1pip near sl  And sl hit on -2.37 euros

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Today i'm ranging at + - 2,5 euros

--- 帖子 #888 ---
another EA is in the offing >>> http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=1#post5557582

this will give gains in any type of market if properly implemented even when eu moves 30 pips whole day

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Nice

--- 帖子 #890 ---
The EU is working really hard to destroy my testing demo account  I hope when it find it's way, then there will be a big move, and recover the damage made today.

The interesting is that the account was in +12% today during the London session, and now it's in -18% (if I count the float in P/L it's -10%). We'll see how it's rolling out at the end of the week. Right now there was 11 trades 1 of the was a winner, all the other ones are losers (4 losing trades only on EU).

--- 帖子 #891 ---
I'm following that thread since the beginning. Interesting idea  The EU rarely opens near the R1 or S1, but more often near the mid pivots - maybe a thing to consider

--- 帖子 #892 ---
maybe its time to set a slight bigger range for EU like RB8 ? : )As you can see bad range is in the cloud so no trade for today or maybe 1 at 15:00 GMT +2 but good

--- 帖子 #893 ---
I'm using 9 pips for EU, and that was bad too.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
The other option is RB 4 as you can see looking good

--- 帖子 #895 ---
I'm using renko bars 3.3 and thats different

--- 帖子 #896 ---
switching to EU rb 4  the diference is obvious.The old trades form rb6 are printed and you can see the difference.No loss for today

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Today i'm on -90  for the day.Floating sell EU +6 and buy UC -13

--- 帖子 #898 ---
I suggest also trying different Kumo setting. I see 2,5,8 being a good setting with RB 10 for EU. Other rules remaining same. I see good trades but will try it too on demo.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Ok so like this:Loosing money motivated me to look for another cloud settings and i found this.  http://www.proforexstrategy.com/2010...-strategy.html so taka a look at the chart atached.

EU rb 4 all auto with cloud setting 7/22/44.I think thats better for Euro atleast.You must set the indicators and EA too, with same or no use of it

--- 帖子 #900 ---
I got this form the Cobra THV4 system.Cloud,EA and indies are 2/5/8 RB is 6 Pair EU.The SL is very small because of  thin cloud.What do you think?

--- 帖子 #901 ---
wow any idea when the first version of this may be ready?

--- 帖子 #902 ---
I've done the pgup/pgdn for daily charts for the pairs i m testing the EA on, and have done it for more than 20 days, just to be safe.. and also left the charts on along with 1min, and offline charts...

Lets hope it goes well until I get up in morning... its time to be in bed...

Hope to see you all tomorrow... night nigth...

--- 帖子 #903 ---
With the THV system it better on faster moving times like 5Min charts and below. Then you are looking more for a scalp which is what i have been looking at on the 1min charts. The setting of 2,5,8 are very fast and will produce a number of signals.

The best i could come up with is targeting 3 pips with a 1 pip SL above/below the cloud. This only applies when the candle crosses the cloud the is not touching it.

Most of what i have been looking at is from the THV system and how it was applied to the 1min charts.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Check the #836 I wrote about the cloud and range bar setting on the EJ and GJ pairs.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Maybe next week, I am testing a simple version of it now. Last London session I was impressed with it using just a couple simple rules. I have tweaked the rules after seeing what it did and what needed to be changed so tonight I will test it again on the London Session.

Last night I had 52 winners and 11 losers for a profit of $51.25 using .03 lots per trade. I have made some changes which should cut down on the number of trades and also stay out of the losers, will know in the morning. It looks good enough at this time that I have also put it on my live account using just .01 lots to see what will happen.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hi all,

Thanks to seller9, unimak, and kumetto on your work on this EA and tracking it.

I have been having one problem with the Autobuysell option though.  I noticed that when a trade closes in a direction the EA will still read "Buy Trade Open" ( I have inlcuded a photo to show this) and no other trades will be taken.

Is it something wrong with my setup?  Is this a glitch?

I have to reattach ichi and reset up the settings to get it to trade again.

Any help would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
thanks seller9, sounds like yet another cracking EA. good luck with the tweaking

--- 帖子 #908 ---
When changing the cloud settings in EA, is anyone changing indicator settings also?

ZB-cloudLines

ZB-cloudcandles

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Yes

--- 帖子 #910 ---
As instrucetd I gathered all the daily history too for the EA to set a take profit based on daily range from last 20 days...

But last night it went step further in crashing and restarted my PC altogether...

Has anyone had this problem ?? Any thoughts ???

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Try this:

Attached File(s)   ichimoku_u8.ex4

42 KB
|
648 downloads

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Try the version u8 I just posted in the next post, I compiled it with Build 409 instead of the Build 419 and made one other minor change.

Some users had trouble with a Build 419 causing the program to close.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Missed Trades

I don't know what can be done but I've missed trades that met the requirements but for some reason the ea didn't take them. Maybe seller9 needs to look at the logic working with renko bars. Otherwise this is my first down week overall it's been great.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
I need a screen shot of missed trades.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Ok This is very interesting ,

The whole settings goes haywire if you change the indicator which generates the range bar, i tried couple of range bar and each giving different results for the same RB , so

i have optimised the RB for one EU and here are the details

EU currency

RB - 3

cloud setting  4 20 24

renko 3.3 used , kumetto has given in his post .

you get the best of EU with these settings, try it out and let me know

cheers , like this we need to do for other currency .

important thing is with renko 3.3 it is giving best with RB 3 and with another RB it is giving best with RB 6 so you need to watchout on the RB indicator and the settings.

i have not tweaked the EA side BE/JS those things also you need to tweak , for example if a currency has good spread and is wild then the sl below cloud should not be 3 pips it should be more so that a false spike will not take your sl out . and the profit before which the sl will flip should also be delayed in case of volatile currency . The default will hold good for i think EU and EJ with tight spread.

forgot to mention i am still using ver 7 and not jumped to 8 , with setting for clean cloud as false

--- 帖子 #916 ---
3 trades, 1 win 1 loss and 1 about to loss

EU currency

RB - 3

cloud setting  4 20 24

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #917 ---
seller 9 please look into this EA is firing very late

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Here are shots of missed trades for AudJpy and AudUsd. FYI: I don't have wicks on my bars.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
On my demo it's pretty much given up all profits and is negative now fwiw.  Just letting it run.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
I've posted the settings I use this week, a few days back ago. That settings are really bad, the market is raping the EA right now. Cjeck the statement in the attachment.

I don't know it's the changes made in the EA, the market, or the settings of the RB and the BEJS, but the previous 2 weeks was in a 3% profit each week. 2 weeks ago I used 10 pip range bars and 12 pips of BE and 5 pips of jumping stop, last week the RB size was 6 pips, the BE and JS was the same 25 points.

It seems that the EA with the current settings catch the top of the range just before it reverse and stops out.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
ver 7 gave good results unlike version 8 , some investigation needed.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
With the settings I posted?

Here's a screenshot about the trades taken on EU. Only the last trade was in a small profit, all the other are in negative.

I will test the settings you posted on EU. I don't plan to run the EA on all the pairs I'm testing, when it will go live, only one or two pairs are enough for me, if they're are profitable. I'm not greedy  So I just want to find the profitable ones.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
The AU looks a lot better than the EU. The first 2 trades was a small loss, because the SL flipped a bit early (need to tweak it a bit more), but the RB, BE and JS settings looking good to me.

The EA is doing a very good job on trending market, but struggles when it's starting to range (btw hard to find a system/EA that's doing good job on both situation).

--- 帖子 #924 ---
zool i have matched the setting to pivot and awesome and it is correct but somehow i find that the ea is delaying in taking entry thus negating the whole thing.

so i am focusing on the original setting with version 7 , yes the ea does well in trending market and struggles in ranging market by taking entries which dont run for even 10 pips so we need to adjust the setting for ranging market.

now since i had thought of a EA , this problem should be tackled once the seller 9 release the pivot EA . whether we need not worry abt ranging trending or killer or flop market. I think that is the ultimate solution . Hope it is implemented quickly :-)

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Take a look at this chart. This is the only trade the EA made on this pair. The problem is that, when the stop loss reached, there was already an opened clean candle so the next short trade doesn't fired (since there was an open trade when the signal came). Maybe the EA should close the trade not only when the hidden stop loss or stop loss reached, but also when there is an opposing signal. When this happens, then it would open a trade the same time as closing the currentone.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
yes i agree this feature is very  much needed.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Turn off use closed candle if you want it to fire right after the cross.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
EU

Renko 6 pips

Cloud 18 52 104... got to see this cloud settings from one of the Rob Booker'ss site...

I can see less losing trades for previous 2 days chart...Can anybody suggest on this.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Since yesterday, I am testing version 8 using Icemaan setting (post 846 - attached table).

6 trades closed all winners  (+64 pips) no single loser. 2 open trades 1 winner (+20) and one loser (-8)

Missed 2 wining trades. I believe due to having open trades on these pairs from other EA with different magic no. (ETB 1.09). I do not know if there is a way to avoid that.

Looks like the EA is taking the trades late.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hi,

I am new with Range Bars.  After I do my Range Bars and the addition oc the cloud indicators, everything just locks up.  I assume it does because I am offline.  Am I doing something wrong?

Ron

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Hi,

I just picked a slow time for EURUSD.  It is updating, but really slow.

Ron

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Hello All,

I downloaded the RenkoLiveChart_v3.3 available in the post 677,but i couldn't load that into my chart.

Can anyone how to add this to my chart..??

--- 帖子 #933 ---
pls give details of the website where you got the settings, i mean the url so that we can look into it.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Do you have an answer to my question above:

Missed 2 wining trades. I believe due to having open trades on these  pairs from other EA with different magic no. (ETB 1.09). I do not know  if there is a way to avoid that.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #935 ---
http://tfl365.com/april-12-audusd-resistances/

This is paid site, some time they post free chart for everyone.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
If I can make a suggestion, I think people now need to decide where to go with this.

Seller9 has done a great job of putting together an EA.  The method uses 2 things; the cloud and rangebars, nothing else.

Those of you who want to use this EA should now take ownership of the method by establishing which rangebar type you want to use, perhaps from the visual appeal aspect, and then, using Strategy Tester, running it with every rangebar size from 4 pips upwards until you see the Law of Diminishing Returns apply.  It will be obvious.

Then, you can run an optimisation for the cloud values.  You will need externs for the cloud settings.  When you've got something different from 9,26,52 which gives better results, go back to running different rangebar sizes through Strategy Tester with any new settings.  You will then be able to choose how to trade this method according to your own preferences, backed up by statistics which you've established for yourself, so you'll have ownership.

Until then, Seller9's method is the only game in town and I applaud his efforts.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...04#post5398545

Hi,

I think this was suggested long back to0 if you check the link above.. may be we should give it a go, though I believe you need to put this setting on all indicators as well as EA... correct me if I am wrong somewhere.. I'll give it a go next week...

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Here is the link to Booker's webinar using the slower (higher numbers) settings for the Cloud. I mentioned on Post 27.

http://tfl365.com/members/the-robboris-webinar-recording/

I am using it on a higher TF to trade (15M), and not using the directional Cloud color he describes on the webinar when trading the 5M TF. Through in a previous day hi/lo and you have a system. Please bear in mind this is using taime based candles as opposed to RB. You do get small losses but catch the big moves.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Another missed trade... I don't know why this valid trade got missed. Did the wick of the clean candle touch the cloud? This doesn't happen always but setups like these make one wonder how it can be improved. It can be the difference between a break even week or very good week. Thanks...

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Sorry I have been tied up over on the ultimate EA forum so haven't had much time to keep up with whats been going on in this forum. This weekend I am going to go through the EA and see if I can improve it, as I see some are having some problems with it missing trades.

So maybe by Sunday evening I can have a new version available, I may just go back to a basic simple version and see how it goes.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Seller,

Is there a version of the Ultimate EA we can play with?

Thanks,

Sandy

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Hello

Here mySettings for next Week

Have a nice Weekend

Icemaan

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Not yet

--- 帖子 #944 ---
O.k. - Thanks Seller.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Iceman...are these following settings are cloud settings?

3-11-3

3-17-3

3-8-3

3-10-3

they are looking good on previous days charts....

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Thank you for posting your setting. Can you please explain in details the method you used to come up with these setting.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Ok want try to explain what I make , but my English are not so good

The Renko Size are based on Unimaks Method. Then Friday Evening I take the Average of the ATR (10) for the last 5 Days (Mon-Fri)

25% of the Value are my Ichi Break Even Pips

For Example the Average of the ATR are 80,then my Ichi Break Even Pips are 20. The Ichi Break Even Profit Pips are double Spread.

The Cloud Settings are the half of the Ichi Break Even Pips

No Take Profit,because  I think the EA based on Trend Market,when I have a Take Profit I cut the Potential of this EA.

I hope it make sense , last Week was a ranging Week. I go out with +1,22% of my Account.

Summary

ATR 80 , Spread 1 ,then my EA have the follow Settings

3-10-3 =Cloud  20 -2 -1= Break Even etc.

ATR 120 , Spread 3

3 -15-3   30 -6 -1

Icemaan

--- 帖子 #948 ---
@seller9

Ver 7 was good , something is amiss in ver 8 , we need to base our improvements on ver 7

--- 帖子 #949 ---
please do not change cloud settings from the default , unless you have a really convincing idea, for now please base your experiment on the RB side and try to optimise the RB for a  particular pair. Those who are new please stick to known setting of RB where the results were good with version 7

--- 帖子 #950 ---
We have been testing the RB settings , can we come to some conclusion on the RB for EU EJ AU GU which has given the best win ratio with default cloud. ( 9 26 52 )

The best BE/JS setting for each pair and TP if any .

Please post the settings with the corresponding results.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Here are my results:

AUDUSD: 7 trades +35 usd

EURAUD: 3 trades -69 usd

EURJPY: 8 trades -55 usd

EURUSD: 12 trades -135 usd

GBPJPY: 7 trades -64 usd

GBPUSD: 12 trades -62 usd

USDCAD: 5 trades +74 usd

USDCHF: 12 trades -101 usd

USDJPY: 1 trade -27 usd

So only AU and UC closed in profit this week. I don't know if I should change the settings, or give it another week of testing, since many of the pairs was in a big range during the week, and on friday there was big moves, where the EA made some decent profit (or I would say it made the loss smaller  ). The Ichimoku is a trend following system. With small range bars, or faster cloud settings it would closer to a scalping method, than to trend trading.

Edit: the settings for this results are in post  #868.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Thank you for your explanation.

To be sure about your setting, can you post your set files for the 2 EA`s for EURUSD:

RenkoLiveChart_v3.3  and

ichimoku_u8

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Here my open Trades

Three Trades GBPJPY  USDJPY GBPUSd all short have closed in Profit tonight

with together +1.4%

Icemaan

PS USDCHF have opend because i have my old Settings from the Cloud forget to chance

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Please post your set files for EURUSD for the RenkoLiveChart_v3.3  and

ichimoku_u8

Thanks

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Here the Set Files EURUSD

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Hi,

I have a basic question in understanding the M2 charts.  I have noticed my M2 charts are not being updated.  Am I forgeting something?

Ron

--- 帖子 #957 ---
You have to leave open the M1 chart with the EA/script/indi that generates the range bars.

--- 帖子 #958 ---
I haven't changed the settings on the range bars and EA this week. It seems to work better this week than the previous one. I'm running the test on a demo account with a starting balance of 1000 USD. Last week the lowest where the equity gone was around 180 USD (very close to a blowed account). Now it's at 730 USD, so if you look at that way it's +550 straight win after the market stopped that wide ranging moves on the major pairs.

I'm using a moderately risky MM on this account (0.1 lot size on 1000USD). The average loss was 23.55 USD (so it fit the 2-3% risk usually recommended), but there was some bigger losses (between 40-70 USD) mainly on the JPY pairs. So on those pairs either smaller position size, or tighter BEJS settings, or totally different RB size and/or cloud settings should be used.

Seller9: can you please look into that thing about the opposite side signal exit? Today there was another missed big move on GU, because there was a clean candle before the stop loss for the previous trade got hit.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
I think this is the only feature we need to add to version 7 .

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Hi friend. I am an EA user and like using it, I will try your EA and will share my findings...

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Many thanks

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Hi everyone

frist sorry for my poor english,it's not my frist language.

I have tested this ea for weeks and now i'm using the u7 with the setting posted by iceman.

I find that the ea trades well in the days of tread market but trades badly in the days of range market.So if we can tell the tread days from the range days we will get better results.Let's try this.

I code a indicator to define the tread day and the range day.

The indicator should be used in daily chart.It has a number for each day.If the number of one day is less than 0.4,it's a range;If the number of one day is more than 0.4 than it's a tread day.The ea words well in the tread days and words badly in the range days.

So let's work together and find out an way to predict the next day is a range day or a tread day.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Good job.

One question. When do we know if it will be a trend or range day. Will it be in advance or as the day progresses. If in advance then I think this will be great to switch EA on and off.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
I attached it to EU chart and shows nothing. No bars like in yours

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Hi,

I get the same, Blank indicator screen.

Ron

--- 帖子 #966 ---
In the last 2 days I've been working on the optimalization of the ea. I've started with the eurusd it's still in progress. This is what I made:

- generated range bar history files from size 3 to 20 pips

- ran backtest on all of them from 2012. jan 1. till 2012. apr 17.

- get the 2 best performing size (9 and 16) and ran a 2 year backtest on them (2010 jan 1 - 2012 apr 17)

- get the better performing bar size (16) and run optimalization on that to find the best Ichimoku setting. I've used a 6 months time range, because I think longer time backwards doesn't necessary since it's good to re-optimize all EA in 3-6 months, the other thing was if I use longer timeframes back, then the optimalization would take waaaay more time.

- now I'm running the optimalization to find the best BEJS settings with the optimized Ichimoku settings - it will finish tomoroww the MT4 says it needs about 30 hours to finish this

- after that I will run a last optimalization to find a take profit setting

I've used version u7 for backtesting because the u8 version said all the time that "Trading suspended" after the first trade taken in backtest, so there was always only 1 trade no matter how I set the EA. It means there is no "AutoBuySell" only oscillating long-short trades.

Now here are the settings so far (the interesting part ):

Range bar size: 16 pips

Tenkan Sen: 9

Kinjun Sen: 5

Senkou Span: 100

UseCleanCandleClose: false

Tomorrow I will post the optimized BEJS and TakeProfit settings, when the optimization finished. After that I will move on to the next major pairs - GBPUSD, USDCHF, USDJPY.

Here are the reports from all the testing and optimalization:
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1293643/euru...imization1.zip

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Here is the EURUSD performance with the semi-optimized results (without useing takeprofit or breakeven jumping stop) on 6.5 months.

It's about 2% monthly gain, the maximal drawdown was 2.42% during the 6 month period. If all the other pairs can make similar results, then a decent 10-15% average monthly gain can be reached, if someone runs this EA on 5-6 pairs.

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Wonderful...

Honestly speaking, I've not been able to follow the thread throught out, so just finished reading first 40 pages post by post.... remaining tomorrow evening and after that I hope to run some testing through this week and next one to get more idea on range bar sizes etc...

I hope this thread doesn't die... it is wonderful EA and I wish I knew coding, I would love to contribute

Hope we make more green pips...

--- 帖子 #969 ---
This indi is not in advance and in fact it's not designed for predict the range day or tread day.I just code it to denifit each day(in the past) is a range day or a tread day.

I want have someone work together to design a way to predict the next day is a range day or a tread day based on the denifition.

thanks

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Sorry for my mistake and this one will work.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
sorry for my mistake,it works now.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
zool , get the best setting for eu ej gu and au , in this order , ej is the best as it throws lot of pips. best of luck .

--- 帖子 #973 ---
wonderful job!!!

cuold you please share the way to backtest with a offline chart?So we can work together to work up better settings.

thanks

--- 帖子 #974 ---
dear seller8 and unimak, you've done a great work and you've showed a great skill.

After months of study on Ichimoku Kinko Hyo I can assure you that any results with this indicator comes from the settings.

If using a very fast ichi (like 2-2-12 who gives in abstract optimal results) the main goal is to achive a great perfection on every open-close position.

To obtain this the ea needs to open on any possible operation and close immediatly if the price inverts.

Using the last version of seller8 I've studied a strange setting to achive this results also if the ea doesn't open on every possible position. But if Seller8 could modify his last version to obtain to enter any position in any moment (exept obviously on heavy news) we made it. Really: WE MADE IT

The target of a very fast ichi is to minimize the numerous little losses and to get any possible pips from the greater positions. With the following settings we will gain a sure loss of max 3-4 pips on any position open<3 candles (RB3-eurusd-spread2) and a sure win on any position open>=3 candles. If only the ea could open properly on any signal, i.e. buy-buy-buy-sell-buy-sell and so on with a very fast and random path...

These are the settings I'm using:

ichi: 2-2-12-0
clean:true
s/l: 5/-2/1 or 5/-2/0
BEJS: (its only purpose is to assure a fast hidden minimal s/l on any open) -3/-2/1
no t/p

So, please Seller8, coplete you're great work

--- 帖子 #975 ---
First of all I'm using RB3 without wicks: this regolarize the kumo and let us to fix a very precise setting for our ea.

Second:

BEJS: -3/-2/1

As you see the last parameter "1" has not a real function, infact with the last version of the ea, after the opening, and after the price reachs the value "-3" it fix the hidden s/l at "-2" and here it remains during the entire operation. So you could also set BEJS -3/-2/0 and nothing changes.

Third:

S/L: 5/-2/1

Due to the very short distance from the kumo a S/L needs to be set at the open at a minimum of 5 pips from the first level of the cloud and then, after the price moves, at a minimum of 1 pip from the second level. You can also set 5/-2/0 but in that case you risk to not activate the S/L on any next 3pips candle becouse the distance from the kumo will be 5-6 pips on average.

So why i'am using the value "-2" to activate the s/l? Because on any open position the spread starts always at-2 so in this way we can activate the s/l for sure also if the price moves backward.

An other possible set is 5/-3/1 in the case the backward movement is very fast.

With this method, any time the ea received a signal to open a position but, suddenly, the price inverts, we guarantie a double minimum s/l, an hidden one (very close to the price) and a visible one in the case the first doesn't work for some reason.

Thank you for your attention.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Today - eurusd rb3 no wicks

as you see in the last 4 hours we have only 6 position <3candles with a total maximum loss of 3-4 pips x 6= 18-24 pips

and 33 good candles for a total of 33x3= 99pips

so a total gain of 99-24=75 pips

On any open position the price intercepts kumo at 0 or -1 under the last candle and it means that only the last two candle of any position (6 pips+2spread) are lost

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #977 ---
with BEJS -3/-2/1 in a buy position generally if the price reverts you're going to lose 2 pips but for a safer movement of the price you can also set

-3/-3/1 or -3/-4/1 or also -2/-4/1

Obviously in those cases you give the price a bigger space to move in but you risk more in case inversion. As an help I use "macd zero lag 12/24/9". If the top of MACD<+-0.0003 I use to risk less(-3/-2/1). If >+-0.0003 I use (-3/-4/1) or -2/-4/1

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Hi,

Is there an indicator that will set alarms or tell you the price has broken through the clouds?

Ron

--- 帖子 #979 ---
As I explained before I'm only using the last version of the ea with different settings. My purpose is to invite the author to modify it giving us the possibility to use my method that seems to be very profitable.

The goal is to make the ea open any single position when it finds a signal to open as the actual logic of the ea do. The problem here is that the ea fails to open in a lot of cases especially when it closes a trade (for example long) and than it receives the next signal newly long.

If the ea could open a fast sequence of positions randomly:

-immediatly set the "double very close s/l" (hidden and not),

-than close it if the price retraces and than

-reopen a new one if a new signal happens

-and so on...

and all this with a good accuracy... well, in that case it should be very profitable

Infact closing immediatly, in case of retracement of the price, the ea will have the possibility to open an opposite position or reopen a new one in the same direction.

In a few words the ea should be more reliable than it is now and than the parameters I'm using will work fine

--- 帖子 #980 ---
here there's a clear example:

as you see the ea opens 4 trades of 7: the first one (long) opened by ea with setting: -3/-2/1 (closed at -2pips) the second one (long) opened by ea with setting: -2/-4/1 (and I lost 4 pips) the third one (long) ea does not open Than an other one (short) opened by the ea, same settings (but sell and than -2pips) the fifth one (long) ea does not open The sixth opened by ea (long), same setting=+14pips And here we are! As you see the ea fails again to reopen a long position and I've been forced to open it manually loosing an entire candle (3 pips)
The ea has to open any trade in any condition!

When the price enters and close inside the kumo and than comes out again and closes clean outside (olso in the same direction) this has to be seen by the ea as a good signal to open a trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #981 ---
As you see in this case the ea reopen in the same direction. So it seems that the ea logic is good and the problem is about reliability. Only Seller9 could solve this issue and give us a new version capable to work in this "fast" ichi mode.

PS:look at the s/l following kumo at 0 pips: s/l is exactly under the last candle, than as you see the price retraces and we lost only 2 candles (3 pips each+2spread)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #982 ---
for obvious reasons I suggest to use this method during London open.

I work only between 9:00 am to 6:00 pm (GMT+1)

Considering the normal loss of liquidity and the consequent heavy range market the proportion between a great amount of little trades lost and a few big wins is really adverse.

If you want to experiment something similar also in these situations the settings need to be differet.

ICHI 3-9-12

S/L 5/-2/3 or more (5/-2/5)

BEJS -2/-4/1 or more (-2/-5/1)

In any case never use this method if macd is totally flat.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
unimak, seller9 and All,

Thanks for the hard work in developing this EA

May be we can avoid trading during the bound range period and concentrate on taking trades on trending market by using iTrend indicator (attached).

If interested I have the methodology and code on how this has been implemented in other EA.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Sorry I haven't been keeping up with this forum as I should. I just saw your posts and they look very interesting. I will study it some more this weekend and see if I can make some code changes to the EA and see what happens. I kind of get the idea of what you want to do, but if you have time could you put it down in a kind of a point by point explanation so I don't miss anything. This way Maybe I can just create a special EA based exactly on your idea.

Edit:  Forgot one thing, you mentioned clean candle, do you mean it in the same respect as it is now being used? At this time the way the EA uses it is as follows.

1) First candle closes inside the cloud.

2) Second candle closes outside the cloud. (Above/Below)

3) We then wait for the Third Candle to close outside the cloud (Above/Below) and High or Low does not touch the cloud.

4) Then when fourth candle opens a trade is triggered.

This is what triggers a Long or Short Trade now.

Should I use the Wicks (High or Low) as part of the clean candle or just the Open/Close?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Dear Seller, thank you very much for your interest. I really appreciate it.

Looking at the current ea logic, if we want to use a fast ichi method we need to improve the following procedure:

1) First candle closes inside the cloud*.

between 1-2 the last position if yet opened need to be closed

2) Second candle closes outside the cloud. (Above/Below).. and suddenly a trade is triggered also in the same direction of the precedent one.

As you see, in this kind of rapid possible inversion of price the main goal is to ensure a minimal loss in the case of a moment of price consolidation near the kumo when a possible longer sequence of inversions could happen. And, most of all, ensure that the last one entry (the one getting possible good profit at the end of consolidation) is triggered.

*Obviously, as you have already implemented in your last ea version, all this needs to be assured also if the "change" from red and green candle is direct through a very thin kumo.

So what we need?an hidden fixed s/l suddenly created when the trade opens (this need to be freely adjustable depending on the ichi settings) a first safety "broker" s/l suddenly created at the minimal (for the broker imposition) possible distance from the price (i.e. 10 pips and not at the top of the kumo). a rapid movement to a new minimal (i.e. 5 pips) of the "broker" s/l when a new candle starts. This will be assured if the "broker" s/l is following the second level kumo at zero distance but.. the "broker" s/l movement needs to be assured for any new starting candle so, in the case of rapid movement of the price we need the creation of a second hidden s/l capable to "emulate" the broker s/l if it doesn't work.

How about wicks?

I think it's preferable to use a rb kumo without wicks. In this way the broker s/l could follow kumo in a more "geometrical" path.

Why I'm using ichi 2-2-12-0?

I think there are more "secure" settings, for example 3-9-12. Those help you to avoid a great number of inversions in consolidation times. But with slower ichis if you loose a trade you have not the possibility to reopen untill a long waiting time. So, an idea is to let the ea work only in some profitable condition: not working outside London time not working if "macd zero lag" is flat (under a certain level) not working in a very hard range market (implementing a good settable indicator in the ea)

Thank you very much for your attention.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Thank you ^Sam, this seems to be what we were searching for ( I mean the possibility to implement such an indicator in the Seller9 ea)

We need to s the parameters: some ideas on a rb3?

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Considering we're working with range bars, volumes are very important and using a standard volume indicator we can make the following considerations:if the last candle* before breakout produced a volume of opposite sentiment and this volume is high: do not entry if the last candle before breakout produced a volume of opposite sentiment and this volume is low: entry if the volume of the precedent candle is high it means indecision also if of the same sentiment of the breakout: do not entry

These are intuitive considerations and the target is evaluate the dimension of volumes to establish how to consider them high or low. At a firs look a value of 100 could be considered high. Te fact is that the more the volume the more the indecision and the time passed during the creation of our range bar and both of these two factors are adverse for our very near s/l.

To have a confirmation of this reasoning have a look to London close time. Obviously you'll find heavy volumes in every candles.

I think all this could easily implemented in the ea.

*last candle means the candle closing outside the kumo

--- 帖子 #988 ---
If we want to use iTrend indicator to confirm our trading signal and avoid range bound periods, then all the signal should be confirmed by the indicator. The conditions should be as follows:
For a sell signal to be valid, the tick of iTrend indicator should be in red color  and above zero i.e. the red tick should be above the gold color tick. For a buy signal to be valid the iTrend gold color tick should be above zero. The signals should be fully confirmed if the above mentioned iTrend tick value is more than a certain value let us call it iTrend_Value. The  iTrend_Value will depend on the pair and the RB and should be adjusted looking at certain number of historical bars. For testing purpose the iTrend_Value can be considered as 0.0013 for EURUSD, 0.0015 for USDCHF, 0.0017 for GBPUSD and 0.15 for USDJPY. As I mentioned in my previous post, this methodology of confirming a trade signal by iTrend is adapted from another Trading Strategy and I have the code for implementing it in an EA if required.

^Sam

Edit:

This methodology will inter the trades late in the move but it will catch the big moves and avoid the small ones in range bound. I believe this methodology is not in line with the way Lock is describing.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Hi guys,

I have followed the original cloud breakout threat and have been studying and trading it with some success lately (with a little bit of a variation ill get into abit later) on EU, GU and GOLD.

I have been trying very hard to get a indicator to show the average TIME per bar. Sort of like a moving average but for the time it takes each range bar to form.

This I am hoping would give a great feel for momentum when trading. Might even be able to use it in the EA. Either to enter or exit trades maby when momentum picks up or slows down.

TradingFX has such a tool, but its not for sale. You can see how it works here:  Inserted Video

Is there anybody here capable(and willing) to create such an indicator? Doubt it will be too complicated. Simple moving average of the time it takes each bar in minutes. Think it might benefit rangebar traders alot.

Thanks -C

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Not exactly what you're looking for, but here is a rough guide.  I've not used it so can't vouch for it, but it's written by zznbrm, a respected member.  The guidelines are;

[Closing Time of the Bar] - [Opening Time of the Bar] <= 1 min then prompt a yellow bar

[Closing Time of the Bar] - [Opening Time of the Bar] >1 min or <=5mins then prompt a orange bar

[Closing Time of the Bar] - [Opening Time of the Bar] >5 min then prompt a red bar

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Great!

That confirms time and volumes are fundamental parameters to open a trade. As you see, in today rb3 eurusd every single "big" price movement has these two condition:
close candle has never a volume>100 close candle has never a time>5'

That's really great!

So, at the moment we got all these parameters to be implemented in the ea:

condition 1: close candle after kumo condition 2: volume of closed candle<100 condition 3: time of closed candle<=5' condition 4: working time: during London session condition 5: "broker" s/l at start point: -10 condition 6: hidden s/l at start point: -3/-4 condition 7: "broker" s/l following second level kumo at 0/-1 condition 8: hidden s/l moved to second level kumo at 0/-1 if condition 7 fails to happen

We can further study about times and volumes to calibrate better values. Perhaps we can open also on minor trades if we tune better these parameters. And, in those trades we can tell the ea to set a little T/P of, for example, 6 or 9 pips

note: for any trades open with this method, considering the improvement coming from those new factors (volume and time) we can set hidden s/l with wider values. for short trades we have to consider the different opening position of bid and ask

@^Sam

Actually it is not fitted for this kind of fast ichi. Anyway we must consider any possibility. Try to study a reliable setting for our special situation.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
we can modify an EA to make it enter the order after closing above the Ichimoku

and close the trade after closing under the Ichimoku and open short

in the same terms

--- 帖子 #993 ---
like that

--- 帖子 #994 ---
The new modifications we're trying to implement are about very fast ichi. So, in this case we cannot wait for a close after the opposite breakout because in that manner we are going to loose a lot of pips.

But... Have a look to the last 2 days(avoiding London close). As you see every major trade (except only one)  have the same characteristics:

volume<=136 (with a grat tendence to 0)

time<=300'' (with a great tendence to 60')

and edit: in the two long position with heavy volumes, those vol. are both of the same sentiment of the trades

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attachment

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Thanks Brotyboy! Not exactly what I am looking for but it is pretty usefull. With the right settings its easy to spot when volatility starts. Will definitely be able to use it.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
at least we can add a break even

--- 帖子 #997 ---
mahanxiong: Do a search at forexfactory about "how to backtest range bars", or look back at this topic, someone posted a youtube video about the method, but unfortunately I don't have time now to search it now.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
So the backtest and optimization finished on EURUSD. The interesting thing is that there is a bigger profit, if the BEJS is not used, only the takeprofit part.

So here are the settings for eu based on backtesting and strategy tester optimization:

Range bar size: 16 pips

Tenkan sen: 9

Kinjun sen: 5

Senkou span: 100

UseCleanCandleClose: false

UseBEJS: true (to use the takeprofit part)

Autobreakeven and profit pips are false

IchiBreakEvenPips: 55

IchiBreakevenProfitPips: 1

IchiJumpingStopPips: 1

TakeProfitPips: 55

The optimization for EURJPY will finish in a couple of hours. Here are the partial results:

Range bar size: 29 pips

Tenkan sen: 23

Kinjun sen: 29

Senkou span: 56

--- 帖子 #999 ---
DAY REPORT time-volumes-macd method

So, here we are at the end of the London session. The following results comes from the hypothesis the ea could work with these implemented features:

Search for a kumo breakout signal
if break candle time is<180'' if break candle volume is<140 if break candle volume is not the opposite of price if break candle MACD is not the opposite of price
Enter

Then also if only one of the above condition is not respected:
Do not entry

then:
Wait for the completion of a new candle

if this candle respects all the above parameters:
Enter

if also this second candle does not respect all the above parameters:
Do nothing and start waiting for a new breakout signal
IF THE TRADE IS OPENED do the following:
create broker S/L=-10 create hidden S/L=-4

if the price goes on in the right direction when the first candle closes:
move the broker S/L to the second level of the kumo at 0

if not possible for the short distance:
move the hidden S/L to the second level of the kumo at 0

if any S/L intercepted
CLOSE

DAY REPORT on ICHI 2-2-12-07 "good trades" with profit 8 "good trades" with losses 24 "bad trades" avoided

As the image shows the profit doubles the losses for "absolute value" and this was a "bad-friday-heavy-range-without-news" day... so I think these implementations worth the effort of the coming weekend

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Has anyone of you tried to use better volume chart bar break system. I am seeking volunteer/s here to help develop EA for defined entry and exit rules. It is simple method with lot of potential for pips. It shows what professional are doing. E.g. EU H1 chart I see reversal (now) of the long trend since morning. Not to say it will get short today or Monday but professionals have taken profits and exited the market.

Not trying to steal the show here but to request help. Pls. Thnakx

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Thank you Zool for the big work here.

What about the shift value of ICHI ver7? Is 1 or 0?

And about S/L from kumo: is the standard setting 3-10-3?

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
What do you mean with "volume chart bar break system"?

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
So here are the optimized EURJPY settings:

Range bar size: 29 pips

Tenkan sen: 23

Kinjun sen: 29

Senkou span: 56

UseCleanCandleClose: false

No BEJS and no take profit.

If someone want to use a take profit setting, then 205 pips gave the best results - only minor difference if someone not use this. If the BEJS is enabled that could cut the profit in half.

These settings gave about 2.5% gain in one month using on a 10000 USD account with fixed 0.1 lot position size. The maximum drawdown is 1.97%.

(with 0.5 lot size the gain is 40% over 3 months with 8.71% drawdown)

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
The shift is 1. All the other settings are the defaults. So I'm only looking at the Ichimoku, the breakeven, jump stop and take profit settings.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
I will start the testing of GBPUSD tonight, and after that the AUDUSD as Unimak suggested. I hope they will be ready before the start of the next week.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
throw this indicator on EU H1 chart and you will know what I mean. Once the candle breaks above or below the blue bar (professional bar as is called) then we are in that trend. Entry depends how aggressive you are. I enter at the high of the bar for long (after break candle and retest of teh blue bar) and vice versa for short. SL is opoosite break and TP is next blue bar or 60 pips whichever is earlier.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Hello

Here my Result from last SWeek and my Settings for next Week

Have a nice Weekend

Icemaan

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Ichimoku_u8 live account testing results of Last Week on 9 pairs using Icemaan setting for the first 5 paiers (EURUSD, EURUSD, GBPJPY, USDCHF & EURJPY) and my setting for the last 3 pairs (AUDUSD, EURJPY & CADJPY). See the attached table for detailed setting.

The results are:

No. of Winners: 19 (+598 Pips)

No. of Looser: 25 (-465 Pips)

Total No. of Trades: 11 (+135 Pips)

Next week I will test Zool optimized setting for EURUSD and EURJPY and Icemaan setting for the rest.

^Sam

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Hi,

My question is why is FF using range bars and renko charts?  Why not use just price?  When I do a search on the web, nobody is adding anything to their charts.  Just a thought.  Don't get all over me.

Ron

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
I think you just answered your own question.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
I've finished the testing and optimization on GBPUSD, but on the AUDUSD I had some problems, because all the installations of MT4 of differnet brokers downloaded the history data with huge gaps, so I had to figure out how to use dukascopy tick data. I will start the testing and optimization soon on this pair, and after that during the next week I will do GBPJPY, USDCHF, USDCAD, USDJPY. I think these pairs with the other 4 will be enough if there will be some small profit on them.

The results for GBPUSD:

Range bar size: 17

Tenkan sen: 23

Kijun sen: 14

Senkou span: 64

Take profit: 153

No breakeven and jumping stop should be used since using those gave smaller profit (set the BE pips same or larger than take profit pips).

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Many Thanks for your optimization of the EA.

Can I ask you to post the set files for your EURUSD, EURJPY & GBPUSD optimized setting.

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Here they are.

But keep in mind, that the backtesting is not as reliable as forward testing. In some older post (couple of weeks ago) I posted the result of comparing a week's forward (live) testing with backtesting on the same period. There was many differences. So I treat these optimized settings as a starting point to do some forward testing, and tweaking these values further based on the live results.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
C'mon guys. No one to help me develop EA for an excellent strategy?

break of professional bar on EU for now. Looks promising

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Hello,

I want to thank seller for making such a great EA!

I am having a small issue though that maybe hasn't been addressed in the code.  What I noticed is that when the EA opens a position and you need to go in and change the settings after the position has been opened it will ask if you want the EA to continue modifying the order...which is fine.

The only problem is that it will not set the hidden Break Even stop if changes are made to the settings after the position has been opened.  I am no coder....but is there some way to force the EA to check and double check that is it treating previously opened positions with the BEJS settings to avoid it ignoring existing positions after changed have been made to the settings?

Any and all help will be appreciated.

Thanks for such a great EA!

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
How long were the pairs backtested for and is there a pick of a demo account summary for the trades taken? If this information is in the set files I cannot open them. And how do you handle profits on the yen pair with no take profit set?

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
These set files are not changing indicator values for cloud....is that correct settings, or should I change the indicators manually?

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
As I told before, in the case of fast ichi (like 2-2-12, 3-9-7 or similar), some big improvements are needed in the last version of seller9, in order to filter a great amount of false signals. But, in any case, the first indispensable mod regards the ea ability to open a trade suddenly after the close of the last one. (in the same direction or in the opposite one)

With slow or fast ichi the problem remains the same. If the trade closed the ea has to open an other trade if a signal occurs.

So these are the possible situations:the trade closes inside the kumo the trades closes outside the kumo (same side last trade) the trades closes outside the kumo (opposite side last trade) For situations 1 and 2 the ea has to be ready to enter whether in the same direction of the last trade or in the opposite one, while for situation 3 the ea needs to open suddenly a trade in the opposite direction of the last trade also if the signal is already happened

So, Seller9, this "minor" modification may suffice to consolidate the reliability of the ea. Could you make it?

Thank you a lot for the work already done
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Interested to see an update from zool, since he and icemaan are going to be using very different settings.

Icemaan could you post a screenshot of the actual trades taken? I would like to see if there were any unusually large losses or if you can comment on any bad trades taken, like if a bug happened and a trade was opened in the wrong direction etc.

Are you manually switching the ea from buyer to seller?

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Iceman,

Could you please have sub headings?  I am new at this and I don't understand what the numbers mean.  Thanks

Ron

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
fxfury: I've made the backtests to choose the range bar size between 2012. jan 1. and 2012 apr 19. Then on the 2 best performing range bar setting I've made a test between 2010. jan 1. and 2012. apr 19.

I've then choose the better performing range bar size, and made optimization runs (one for ichimoku settings, one for breakeven and jump stop settings, and one for take profit setting) between 2011. oct 1. and 2012. apr 19. Only optimized on 6 months, because the optimization is a massive amount of backtesting - somewhere around 2500-3000. So it may only take about 1-2 minutes more to make a year or 2 years of backtesting, but if you multiply that 1-2 minute by 3000 than that means 25-50 hours more time to finish the optimization.

I cannot show you a summary of the trades taken, because during the optimization there are no results or reports for the individual settings.

I've posted the settings of the EA I made. I don't know why the set file I posted  doesn't change the ichimoku settings in the EA - or maybe there is a misunderstanding here, the set file changes the EA settings, but you have to change the cloud and candle settings manually, if you want to visually check the trades (the EA doesn't use the indicators, it has a built-in ichimoku indi I think).

If there is no take profit set, then the trade will be closed when the price hit the stop loss. The stop loss is changed on every candle to follow the cloud, so this means, that the trade will be closed, when the price enter the kumo again.

AbhijetPandi: The set files are for the EA only, if you use the cloud and the candle indis, then you have to set those manually based on the EA's settings.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
In the attachments are the trades made with the settings I've posted. I should mention, that I made the backtesting and optimization with the u7 version, and this live testing is made with the u8 version with AutoBuySell enabled.

Meanwhile I finished the AUDUSD, here are the settings:

Range bar size: 16 pips

Tenkan sen: 3

Kijun sen: 14

Senkou span: 56

UseCleanCandleClose: false

UseBEJS: true

AutoBreakevenpips, Autotakeprofitpips: false

Breakevenpips: 230

Breakevenprofit: 1

Jumpingstop pips: 1

Takeprofit pips: 231

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
A note to the results: I started the AUDUSD pair only on wednesday evening, so there was 3 trades missed from the begining of the week. Those trades would made around +40-45 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
very good results. will you be uploading the set files for other pairs also? and complete template if possible.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
I am not very impressed with the results. I suggest we use settings by Iceman and TP only 20 pips. That would be fast and quick money everyday

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
as i have mentioned in my previous post #196 , iceman settings are really good....giving me 70 to 100 pips...however due to trailing stop i am not able to bank all those entire pips on every day.....

on other hand, Zool settings are quite good in long run which i am going to try in coming weeks.

anyhow, thanks to seller9, for coming up with this good EA code. it doesn't matter if i have code or not.....I am also running seller9's PRS_v1 ea on my live account.

#1

I am trying to find out EA, after i have used rob booker's wallaby EA on live account. I am only trying to find out EA, which should be consistent in the profitabl on everyday basis, even it it is 10 pips per day.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Kindly provide working Indicators - Chin A,B,C,D and combo of these Indicators.

Thanks & Regard to all these.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Please post on the appropriate thread; these have nothing to do with what is being discussed here.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Do we change the cloud settings on indicators too ??? sorry if this has been answered already

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Just a quick note/question here... when you follow the setup here, using range bars, you don't get equal size range bars??? Is there something I am missing about range bars???

Shouldn't the offline charts have candles of same size ???

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
You have to change the settings in the indicators only if you want to visually check the trades the EA make. The EA works even if there are no indicators on the chart.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Thanks a lot, I've been trying to gather up all the information.... I wish there were some posts with some 'holy grail' settings hahahaa...

All the best for the week ahead...

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
I will run the EA on the 4 pairs that I posted the optimized settings on the next week too. I had no free time this week to do backtestings and optimizations. On the next couple of days I have to do some urgent work, but after that I hope that I will able to do more pairs, because I see long term potential in this system/EA.

I will post the set files for the EA and the template I use tomorrow, since it's really late here and I have to sleep soon to be able to work tomorrow

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
I can't agree more than what you've said...

I hope we all keep working until we find that optimised settings, which can be more than one for each pair, but still one of the settings can be no matter what the market is behaving like...

Thanks all for their hard work.. and you sleep well my friend...

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Sorry that I post my Settings to late, but come back Monday Morning from Weekend Holiday

Her my Settings for this Week (USDCHF i cancel )

Icemaan

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Thanks for posting the settings, any chances you could help a few of us to know where do these 15-3-7-3 numbers go for EURUSD in the EA properties ??? Please ??

Regards

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Two Trades open so far

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Look Here

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Thanks a lot....

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
so in eurusd first number i.e. 15 in 15-3-7-3, is your ichibreakevenpips right ??

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Thats correct

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Thanks a million... all the best for the week...

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Hi Iceman,

Thnaks for your great work here.

Can you please tell what your entries are fro:

IchiJumpingStopPips   and

takeprofitPips

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
First thanks must go to Seller9 for this EA. I am only a liitle Part of this and I only want to find the Settings which are comfortable for me.

IchiJumpingStopPips = 1

Take Profit = 0

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Thanks for this Iceman,

By the way, I had already thanked Seller9 for this wonderful EA

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Icemaan, look at the attached image of your post, do you change the last version of Seller's EA? I believe that his last posted version is 8.

Thanks.

JdD

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Yes i take now version 10

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
May we all know the bit of changes you've made and if possible can we get the version you are using ???

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=332760

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Here is the Version 10

Icemaan

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Hallo together

I want say to you that I have change my Settings today. The Cloud settings and also the EA Settings change from

9-26-52 ---> 7-22-44

So you will ask why.  The period setting for Ichimoku Kinko Hyo or Ichimoku cloud is 9, 26,  52. This translates into 1.5 weeks, one month and 2 months considering 6  days working week in those days in Japan. Many traders tend to change  it to 7, 22, 44 considering the 5 days working week.

But changing the Cloud I almost must change the other Settings,this all i want post for the next Trading Week on Sunday Evening

Icemaan

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Hello Everyone!

I am new here at forexfactory therefore I can't pm...

I am writing here cause I have read these thread and I have good opinion about developers of this thread. Basically my message is for those who are able to code EA.

I am going tell you what EA should do, then I will share my idea how to use it and then we could develop it.

1. Ea should open a stop order X(first input) pips higher in direction of last closing candle.

2. Place stop loss for that order in Y(second input) pips.

3. If comes candle with close in opposite direction then close pending order or already opened.

For now that is.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
How was the optimization done. Did you forward test the optimized results say if opt period was 12 months Jan-Dec 2010 then I would apply the best profit factor and mim DD% setting to Jan 2011 - April 2012 to see if the results would remain in the range or something has changed. I found an excellent document on that (attached). It will be useful to do the way taught in the doc.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Thanks for the document, I'll read it later today. I've done the optimization between 2010. oct 1. and 2012. apr 19.

I've chosen the best profit factor. There was not a big difference between the DD% in the first 8-10 results, it was inside 1% most of the time.

Here are the charts based the settings on the 4 pairs I posted.

At May 1st I have lost my internet connection, so that's why there are some big candles. Also that's why the EA didn't entered on the AUDUSD sell, because my terminal logged back when the connection came back, and that's stopped the EA working (it's an MT4 'feature' if you login to your account/different account, all the EA's are shut down). That would be around 160 pips profit now. I don't know what's happened to the GBPUSD, but there were some good trades missed too.

As you can see these settings are not too fast, so maybe there will be no trade for a couple of days, but it can catch bigger movements, and can keep you in those moves for a long time.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Hello,

I'm new here and have my English not so good.

This is what I have to translate with Google. So be careful;-)

A big congratulations to all of this EA to drive forward so successfully.

I use the last few days Ichimoku_U10_409 and have a problem.

After a trade, whether running in profit or stop, the EA is on "Trading Suspended" position. Only after re-running the EA shows "Active Trading".

The info line "expert" is the MetaTrader only "Ichimoku_U10_409 unknown ticket 123 456 for Order Close function" reported error.

I have MetaTrader 4 version 409 on Windows 7 64bit.

regards

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Hey guys,

Watching this thread with interest....having a mess around using iceman's settings on the new cloud settings just to see the EA in action. Currently in profit on the AUD/JPY live on demo account today!! Very impressive.

Presumably more work needs to be done before its advised to use this live with real money but you guys should be proud of what you've currently got!

Mr P

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Any news on this Iceman? Keep up the good work!

Mr P

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
I1ve been running the EA with the optimized range bar size and settings in the last 4 weeks on 4 pairs (EU, GU, EJ, AU). During this period there is a $457 closed profit and $700 floating profit - the equity was $528 4 weeks ago, now it's $1685.

The win% is around 45%, average win/loss is 2:1 ($44 vs. $22), max drawdown was 29%. See the other details in the statement I attached. The set files for the 4 pairs are in the other attachment. The range bar sizes for the pairs are:

AUDUSD: 16 pips

EURUSD: 16 pips

EURJPY: 29 pips

GBPUSD: 17 pips

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
excellent work zool , fantastic . keep it up .

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
hi everyone, i'd like to know if we have to keep the settings of "zb-cloudlines" as the original of zaman (so 8-29-34) or to change them based on the cross we trade...

thx in advance, and compliments for the work

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
I've found they work best at 9, 26, 52 but I've seen many varied settings here and there.  From my research about the Ichimoku, I think it was originally designed with the 9, 26, 52 settings in mind.

Many good pips to you.

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Hi,

What timeframe is the best to trade?

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
ok thanks

i'd like to give a try to this ea, let's see

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Thank you for sharing your optimized set files and results.

What EA are you using to generate the range bar charts?

Sam

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Hi, what time frame do you use on version 10 or 8?

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
The timeframe is shown in the graphics on the previous page and the very first post on the previous page gives you the version??

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Ichimoku has an advantage over normal FAP Turbo which is consistent earnings and little risk!

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
yes me too noticed that thing... got a trade today and then "trading suspended"

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
anyone knows why after attaching ver10 ea and the chart there wrote no buyer/seller.

1 day and no trades at all.

what wrong?

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Zool,

Thanks for posting your setfiles and your work with this EA. One question - how is the EA you use (U8_mod) different to the regular U8?

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
good morning ;

How can I install this ea and script together?

could you explain me ?please.

first I install ea on the M1 chart.then I install range bar script.

When install script  ea  missing on the chart.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
ok i'm trying this ea using both zool optimizations (thx for your work), and the originals zaman settings for the indicators (so 8-24-48) and for the ea (others settings are the same of icemaan, thx you too)

but i don't know how to fix the "trading suspended" issue after a trade.. somebody could help me?

another question.. the ea opens a position after a candle close above/below the kumo, or even if the current candle is crossing the kumo, but not closing yet? hope you understand my question, thanks

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
ok i saw the "usecleancandleclose" command

btw, in the normal version of the ea, with iceeman settings, when it opens an order sl and tp are not displayed.. am i miss something?

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
today got a nice short on eurusd (from 1.27190 to 1.26651 using 9-5-100 settings, and from 1.27197 to 1.26696 using standard ichimoku settings, so 9-26-52)

but then again... "trading suspended"

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
I have used initial versions of this ea on demo and live. If EA opens the trade on any pair then it shows "trading suspended" till the time that trade is open. After that trade is closed, EA again resumes.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
using the last version i notice that also after closing the trade it is on "trading suspended" mode..

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
I havent been able to follow the thread as of late, I have much more time now and would like to get up to speed quickly.

I will read the posts since I last logged into the forum as I have time.

One question, has there been any progress in the last 3 months regarding the availability to stipulate where the stop loss is placed. It was xxx pips above the cloud, which in many cases was too much for my liking. I would greatly appreciate your help, this is a great trading system and has been very profitable for me, when I have time to trade.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
There was 2 versions of u8 posted here. Seller9 modified something in it after the first "u8" and I saved that as u8_mod

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
sorry, where can I find version "u8" modified? as with u10 I get "trading suspended" problem... and, does version u8 works on both build 409 and 419, or there are 2 separated files?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Click on the paper clip icon at the top right of the forum screen, and then "hide images". There are 4 posts by seller9 with the u8 version around april 8-12. I think I'm using the apr 12 version.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Hello Mr.Zool;

I have a question about u8_mod ea.There is no time(m1,m5 etc) on your posted chart.How do you arrange this ea  and script together.

Which time frame do you use with your posted set files.?

Could you explain  using u_8mod ea?plesae.

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Hi,

I tried indicators   ichimoku-cloud-breakout-strategy.tpl ZB-CloudCandles.ex4 ZB-CloudLines.ex4  ZB-CloudMatrix.ex4  by hand M5 for scalping. I have a question about setting indicators M5 what should be? The originals are 8,29,34 some write 8,24,48   etc.?

Thank advance

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
#525 Nice explanation on settings up this EA.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
thanks for the tip

one question.. how can I attach "Plain_M1" template to the graph? sorry for noob question

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
ok found

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
what do you think about this trade in progress both on oanda and pepperstone? is the sl move to bottom of cloud right at oanda? which cloud level should I look at to? (i'm using zool optimization so the sl move to the bottom of cloud is 3 pip)

I hope you understand my question, thanks in advance

PEPPERSTONE:
http://i47.tinypic.com/b9uc.gif

OANDA:
http://i50.tinypic.com/n39c83.gif

current trade

pepperstone : sell 1.25915 sl 1.25939

oanda: sell 1.25913 sl 1.25976

maybe the difference in the position of the sl is for the spread, or different quotations of the brokers

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
and another example.. you see there was another trade before.. at pepperstone the sl wat hit at 1.25806 (entry at 1.25742) and at oanda sl hit at 1.2593 (entry at 1.25741).. fack oanda lol

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
In both cases the broker s/l is following price (it means exactly above the current price if sell and under the current price if buy).

After a certain amount of pips (it depends on your settings) broker s/l moves to the "second level" of kumo (the nearest kumo level to price ) and then it starts to follow price at the distance from this level you specified in your settings.(in  this case:3)

So: in your case the distance from second level kumo (above price) is exactly the same in both positions.(but, because of the different broker  quotations the kumo are different and so the s/l)

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
ok thank you so much for the clear explanation

i'm a bit prejudiced of oanda that's why I was asking

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
maybe i was right about oanda sh*t:

http://i50.tinypic.com/xp9fv9.gif

price touched 1 pip below the take profit and oanda didn't close

obv pepperstone closed correctly and finally also oanda..

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
I am trying u10 in my 5 digits broker. How to setup for the best ?

any answers are very appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
I have no idea for that settings.Maybe you should read at ichimoku cloud forum  for that kind of settings.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Hey Zool,

Your settings have really worked well for me for last entire week.

5 loss / 4 win trades, but overall profit was 210 pips.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
I've updated pepperstone mt4 to version build 432 (because without it doesn't work).. i'll have some problems using version u8?

thx

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Kindly provide me all the Indicators with their Settings & TPL.

I would be obliged for your detailed guidance as how to Trade with this System

Thanks & Regards

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Check #525 setting up this EA and previous posts of Zool for settings across 4 pairs...

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
please post indis and templates

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Do i have to do this every time i set up a new chartwindow for the ea to work on or is there a faster way? (taking plain m1 chart and pressing pageup for really long time, then opening offline chart, after aplying ichimoku u8 (seller9 released an u10 version in meantime) template)

why is he using an m32 chart?

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
hi everyone,

I'd like to ask zool one thing about his optimizations.. for eurjpy there is no s/l and take profit predetermined right? I understand for the tp (in this case the s/l will follow the price as usual I think, and so works as a tp), but without the s/l how can it do???

http://i48.tinypic.com/sb5u8j.gif

don't know, probably it's due to the broker as i remember that the s/l is always placed 3 pips above/beyond current kumo... in fact in a previous trade of eurjpy s/l was placed correctly, but now not.. why? (obv i'm in demo so no problem, but just wanted to know)

thanks

EDIT: here's the message: 2012.06.06 10:00:24ichimoku_u8 EURJPY,M20: EURJPY SL  order modify failed with error(130): invalid stops

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Is the Offline chart for strategy testing only? I only want simple Live Trading and those m1 charts eat a lot of performance.

Can i close the m1 charts with the range bar ea after i created the offline chart or do i have to let it run for the Ichimoku EA to run on the offline chart Live trading?

Does the Ichimoku chart even need to run on an offline chart?

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
so, any update of eurjpy management trade, using zool optimizations?

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
sorry but how can I do an optimization of the ea as it uses range bars?? thanks

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
in particular the problem of range bars... I mean, I have to do 1 optimization for every size of bars or there is another way? as it will be a very long process I think

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
I'm trying a renko script, but I have a problem.. as you see in the picture the price of the "ea window" doesn't follow the real price (it remains blocked) and so it doesn't take any trade... any advice guys? thanks

http://i47.tinypic.com/2zgvh5i.jpg

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
why nodoby answers in this thread?

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Hi Millelire,

I don't have an exact answer for you except to say that I have had less than reliable results when trying to use the Renko bars.  Weird things have happened occasionally when I used them so I gave up on them.

Perhaps others here have a better answer for you.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
anyway, thanks for the advice (at least one  )

btw, I still have problems with this script, as the ea, as I told you before, seems not to follow the real price even if it says "Trading Active"..

for example, here the ea should have taken the trade (long), but didn't take it:

I hope somebody could help me to fix this problem
http://i45.tinypic.com/a9fdt.gif

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Hello,Millelire; the scrips is problem for offline bars.a few minutes it is cancelled.

please use   only EA  .I have no any problem with EA.

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
ok thanks..I haven't understand so much, but np... can you please share a range bars ea? as I only have the script, and an indicator (RenkoRangeBarsV1.2 R_KG) thanks

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
please find renko bar ea

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
thanks for that

another question, do you know how to make an optimization using range bars? thx again

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
I am sory.I dont know  to make an optimization.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
I have the RenkoRangeBarsV1.2R_KG indicator that is used with other indicators. There is a high probablity that someone will come up with a autotrader EA based on RenkoRange but I thought it would be helpful if I posted some of my charts and indicators along with the trading template.

The rules are simple as all indicators have to be either crossed up/down for a buy/sell. If not a 100% agreement in the indicators then the trade is not entered.

It is a simple enough manual system using take profits at set points. It basically can be used as a 'set it and forget it' trade with a stop of 40 with every trade but taking the stop to +20 as soon as profits allow.

I use indicators below the chart as well that act as filters but these have been removed so as not to confuse.

PM me if you have a problem but if someone clever can make this into an ea then that would be wonderful.

Regards

George

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
can you attach some screen shots, may be we can explore it . and also explain the trade rules for buy and sell , i have seen that a red arrow has come and a red dot has come but in the next candle you get a blue dot and then 2 candles away the red dot comes , however the red arrow has not changed in the interim period, how do you deal with this kind of situaiton.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Illustration.

George

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Not sure if anyone is still using this "system" but wanted to add my 2 cents on it. I have been using it for a little over 3 months messing around with the Ichi settings to use with the Renko and have had a lot of success with a lower Ichi setting (8,5,3)

The chart attached is the following:

Basic Ichi setting 9,26,52 which is the green and red cloud. On the chart so you can see the comparison to what i am using. I dont use 9,26,52 for anything.

The light blue cloud is Ichi setting of 8,5,3.

Then the bars are Renko based on the RenkoRangeBarsV1.2_R_KG indicator found on here. The setting are 10,0,2 false true false.

The way i trade this system is as follows. I wait for one of the Renko Bars to close OUTSIDE and is not TOUCHING the 8,5,3 cloud. So on the picture the first arrow you see a bar close outside the cloud to the downside. I enter one pip below that bar and target between 30-40 pips with a stop loss of 15-20.

The last Arrow is TODAYS trade i took i entered a short at 1.2989 and closed for a profit at 1.2960.

The system works for me with a lower setting BUT i only trade this between 1:00 am New York Time to 11:00 am. I target 20-40 pips a day if i reach it stop trading for the day. I dont know how it preforms for the Asian or entire USA session but i have been successful in the London/Euro session with EUR/USD and EUR/JPY

Hope this helps out anyone that is reading this or stumbles upon this.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
many thanks for sharing the wonderful achievement. can u tell me what is the indicator at the bottom ??

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Can you post your indicators and template?  Thanks in advance....

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Here is an example of the trades for EUR/USD EUR/JPY both winners. I closed EURUSD early as i had to drive into work.

EUR/JPY 5 lots $243.21 - total pips 40

EUR/USD 5 lots $62.50 - total pips 12

As for the settings and template here is how you set your chart up.template below as well but this is to be applied to the Renko chart not the set up. Make sure you do STEP ONE THEN OPEN THE OFFICE LINE CHART AND APPLY THE TEMPLATE TO THE OFF LINE CHART.

1 - open a 1M chart of EURUSD and place RenkoRangeBarsV.2_R_kg (found on this forum) with the following settings - 10,0,2 False, True, False

If you want to build it by hand do the below

2 - Go to your MT4 at the top pick File - Open Offline - Select EURUSD M2. Now you have the Renko chart

3 - Place Ichimoku Kinko Hyo settings 9,26,52 (i dont use this is just for comparison)

Place another Ichimoku Kinko Hyo settings 8,5,3

Place the Indicator "Attachment" (attached below) you really dont need this but i like to have it. It just tells me what color the Henki Ashi candle.

Thats it then all you do is trade when the candle crosses and closes out side AND is not TOUCHING the Ichi 8,5,3 (blue cloud). Enter 1 tick above below. There are examples below from last night.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
What is your Exit strategy?

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
It varies on each trade most of the time i target 40 pips but a minimum of 10 can be reached each night. Its really up to the trader on what they want to aim for.

My stop loss is a hard 15 pips.

I just wanted to show people this system does work

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Well.....keep it up...I think you are doing a very good job, excellent in fact....I added it to my "bag of systems" and it is very clean and easy to follow....appreicate it...(bagged 30+ pips today with nzdusd and eurusd buy with combination of other systems that I use)!

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Lets hope some of the original posters come back to this forum and this gets picked back up.

I know they were thinking about just an EA but towards the end there it seemed like things died down.

If things pick up i think i will start a new thread on this system. I'll try my best to post all the trades taken.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
That is a great idea................

I will post MY favourite set up.

Others do the same.......

Someone who can make an EA ( a good coder) can select/amalgamate the best and make a VERY successful EA out of our ideas.

STARTIBG DATE 30 October 2012 and closing date 6 NOVEMBER 2012.

LET US MAKE A DIFFERENCE.

George

PS

SHOULD THIS BE A NEW THREAD??

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Yes....a new thread is a great idea.....otherwise you will have to constantly answer the same tired questions that have already been addressed...a fresh start is my vote!

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
I like the simplicity of your method 2George.  I will try it out and see what happens.  I too would really like to see an EA of this method.

Thanks for posting!

Richard

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
I will start a new thread but not under Trade Systems i will do a trade journal this way we dont have to deal with the normal banter back and forth of the  worn out questions we have all answered that DONT work and focus on the what is working and how to make it better. The fact is the cloud cross works and i have prof it does i just want to make it so we can discus it as traders so we all profit.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Nice....looking forward to it!!

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
i am on holiday but will be back Monday evening (29th).

If someone starts it before me please post the link - let us give it our best shot and hope we find a good coder to piece it all together.

It will take me 2 days before I will be able to post my best system. By best system I mean the smallest number of losses in percentage terms.

Regards

George

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
It started already...as Noted Above..under Trade Journal.....title is:

Renko and Ichimoku Cloud Cross

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
I will post all the trades i take along with the screen print of the chart. Right now i am just using the Ichi 8,5,3 cloud cross BUT only trade from Midnight New York time to 7:00 am.

I have looked into having an EA built for this but will continue to trade manual as what i have noticed is somedays i can get 40 pips and some are more of a 20pip day. And sense EA's are hard stop loss and target its hard to code in when its a 40 pip day or a 20 pip day.

See you at the journal board.

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Not able to find the new thread.

Could a link be posted please?

Regards

George

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=392058

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
is this EA works on ranged bar?, because I've been trading cloud breakout using ranged bar, and shows great result, i use 20 pips ranged bar

entry: enter every time it touched the cloud and closed outside

SL: at high or low of the breakout candle

trailing: wait until 4 bar have passed then move my SL to break even or until i have 2x my SL

TP: previous high/low or any previous retracement that's at least 3:1 in PL ratio, i usually set 2 TP. take 50% at point 1 another at point 2.

i need to add to this ea: SL that is automatically set at high or low of the breakout candle, and move to break even after 4 bars or after certain pips that we can determine.

and how can we use ranged bar in strategy tester?

will this ea works on ranged bar, because i've tested it live won't enter on cloud breakout, i want the ea to enter trade on the breakout candle as shown in the picture, can someone help me?, this system works great, out of 50 trades or so in 3 different currencies the win percentage is 45%, with average profit loss ratio= 1:5. maximum consecutive loss is 10.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Hello all and thanks for your contribution in this threat
Jacioux your setting  for ichimoku 8-5-3  are very good you can also try 4-12-24

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
I really like this EA. I use this EA to Enter the trade, but I use Heikin-Ashi strategy to exit the trade with maximum profit. I did manually, I won 95% of my trade. Can anyone program this strategy to this system?

Here is my strategy.

1. Enter the trade when cloud burst and Tenkan-sen and Kijun-se cross.

2. Exit the trade when Heikin-Ashi first bar close in different color.

I am not a programmer, If somebody can program this to this EA?

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Hi guys ...and girls

Has anyone found out which settings work best for this EA?

I have also realised that it keeps betting continuously on one only trend, even though i have changed its setting to 0 to do not do that, but it keeps doing it.

Is this EA a good entry EA? i have been doing it backtesting on metatrader and it keeps getting half loses, half wins.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
How did you go about back-testing? When I try to do that, it ONLY initializes first trade and  once the trade is closed, the EA would never come back from "Trading Suspended" mode?

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Hi, i want to Test this nice EA, but there is a long time no activity here. Is anybody still using this EA

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
I dont use the EA but i still use this system.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Hello seller9, unimak

Thank you for this wonderful EA and strategy . I am really a big fan of ichimoku indicator that's why I use it always as trend confirmation.

I know this is an old thread that I dig in FF but this is EA rock my excitement thank you seller9 for giving this for free.

I know you are busy now with the basket EA thread but can I ask favor could you please update the ichimoku_u8 EA with this added

MM feature: add a percentage lot entry base on equity like 2% or trader preference. I know this is possible since I have seen some

EA to work like this. I love this kind of feature because it compounds you earnings and limits your loss because if you lose EA wont enter

the same lot size again since it calculates the current balance. Again, Thank you....

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
I know that this is an old post but, let me just go ahead and ask anyway.

I just setup the chart, and now it's an M1 offline chart. However, the bars are frozen and does not get refreshed.

I guess i didn't setup it properly.

Any idea?

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
not sure what your timezone is but some markets might have closed earlier for Eastern.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Hi sir, i use this ichimoku technique, do not you have indicator which if cs open pass ichimoku with signal sound.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Please I am intrested in the EA you referred to as  NINJATRADER. I will appreciate it if you can send it to my.

Thank you friend.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Hi everyone,

I’ve been studying Ichimoku for some time, but I’m looking for advanced resources beyond the general content and public courses available online. Specifically, I’m interested in:

1. Understanding the concept of **balance and imbalance** within the Ichimoku system.

2. Learning about **cycles in Ichimoku** and how they apply to price movement predictions.

3. Exploring the idea of **mean reversion** within the Ichimoku framework and how it aligns with the system's components.

4. Understanding the use of **fractals and multi-timeframe analysis** when applying Ichimoku for deeper insights into market structure.

5.Additionally, I’m curious if there are any resources or methodologies that explain Ichimoku concepts using **box-based calculations**. By this, I mean deriving price movements based on Ichimoku numbers and reversing the calculations, similar to how integration and differentiation are used in stochastic indicators.

If anyone knows about books, courses, videos, or advanced studies related to these topics, I’d greatly appreciate your recommendations.

Thanks in advance!

For point 5, I’ve attached an image to make my explanation clearer. These 9-box grids are drawn in reverse, from front to back, and then the calculation begins. Later, the 26-box and 52-box grids should also be added, but they are used more specifically compared to the 9-box. Is anyone familiar with this method or seen it used before?


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Ichimoku EA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/894964?d=1328800048
ZB-CloudLines.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/899752?d=1329374000
ZB-CloudCandles.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/899753?d=1329374000
Booker Ichimoku parameters.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/904439?d=1329944042
ichimoku.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/908342?d=1330445852
ZB-CloudCandles~.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/908393?d=1330448954
Kumo_BO_EA.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/909145?d=1330536608
ichimoku.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/909205?d=1330542529
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/909183
ichimoku_u1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/910048?d=1330626644
ichimoku_EA.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/912604?d=1330993992
RenkoRangeBarsV1.2 R_KG.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/921796?d=1331928720
ichimoku_u3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/921809?d=1331930380
ichimoku_u4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/922636?d=1332128185
ichimoku_u5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/926159?d=1332426916
ichimoku_u6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/926542?d=1332459505
ichimoku_u7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/927659?d=1332640135
RenkoRangeBarsV1.2 R_KG.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/928550?d=1332774749
RangeBars.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/928843?d=1332804085
RangeBars.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/930118?d=1332935906
ichimoku_u7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/930454?d=1332953530
RangeBars.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/930490?d=1332955795
ichimoku_u8_rangebar_setup.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/930608?d=1332967784
#SpudFibo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/931144?d=1333021102
#SpudFibo.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/931145?d=1333021102
range_bars_wlas_v09.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/932759?d=1333212842
DetailedStatement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/932763?d=1333213319
RenkoLiveChart_v3.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/933806?d=1333379913
RenkoLiveChart_v3.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/934978?d=1333483790
April.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/935625?d=1333543954
detail.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/936704?d=1333642522
ichi_ea_apr2-6.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/937391?d=1333729539
ichimoku_u8.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/937506?d=1333774929
ichimoku_u8.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/937929?d=1333932838
ichimoku_u8.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/938253?d=1333981276
ichimoku_u8.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/940322?d=1334195173
Setfiles_EURUSD.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/943419?d=1334599280
TreadOrRange1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/945364?d=1334806274
TreadOrRange1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/945362?d=1334805989
iTrend.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/945945?d=1334859628
RangeBarTime.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/946438?d=1334923151
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/946613
BetterVolume ChartBars part2 1.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/946685?d=1334947559
ichimoku_ea_optimized_setfiles.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/947320?d=1335130328
ichimoku_u10.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/952916?d=1335874402
MT4 Backtesting.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/954884?d=1336070704
statement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/965836?d=1337414333
setfiles.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/965837?d=1337414333
Renko_Chart.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/980980?d=1339492314
renkobarea.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/981105?d=1339501310
FF renkorange.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/996349?d=1341752159
macd-dot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/996350?d=1341752206
TeamTraders MA_Cross Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/996351?d=1341752238
renkorange ea trial.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/996352?d=1341752279
RenkoRangeBarsV1.2 R_KG.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/996353?d=1341752350
Unimak.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/999085?d=1342096419
attachment.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1066497?d=1351253895
basic ichi temp.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1066510?d=1351254225
