===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hi all,

I'm going to explain the strategy I use to trade GJ and I'm going to be posting my weekly/daily analysis of this pair.

I don't use anything fancy, I use some basic stuff that most traders use and some common sense

The indicators I use are:Fibonacci retracement levels Trendlines/Channels 5 period simple MA Candlestick patterns Support/Resistance levels Momentum As you can see it's all simple and basic stuff except maybe for the fibonacci retracement, because every trader could use it differently. If you have any doubts about any of the stuff I use, either ask or just do a simple google search and you'll find plenty of information about them.

Using the fibonacci retracement on different timeframes (1H, 4H, Daily, Weekly) is very important, because sometimes some of them overlap and that tells us where we might find strong support/resistance. I'll post some examples.

If you have been following my posts on Auslanco's thread, you will know that we use the 5SMA for a good entry point when a retracement occurs (Thank you Auslanco).

Most of the time, I trade based on the 4H chart, but I keep an eye on the daily chart and sometimes the weekly chart. I use the 1H chart for a good entry point. Any TF less than 1H has a lot of noise and it is very risky trading GJ on very small TF's.

Using stop-loss, I always wait for my trade to go in my direction for about 50-100 pips before I move my SL and lock in a very small # of pips (10) and then just let it run until it reaches my TP, this way I don't let a winning trade turn into a losing one, and if my SL gets hit, no worries coz +10 is way better than anything negative

Momentum & 5sma

Before using the Momentum indicator and 5sma, you must have auslanco's QQE indicator. I'll explain how to catch a retracement in this following example:

When QQE 4h is crossed upwards, and QQE 1hr is crossed upwards, and the Momentum at the beginning of the next 1h candle is pointing downwards, price will usually retrace to 1hr 5sma, it's that simple.

QQE and Gann hilo can be found here http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=654

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Here's a chart showing the monthly chart, I've drawn 2 trendlines that shows us a nice channel, this past week price got very close to the lower trendline and it bounced back up. I have also drawn a monthly fibo retracement, we will have to wait until the end of the month and see where we close, but you get an idea of where the monthly fibo levels are

http://img149.imageshack.us/img149/5391/monthlynx1.gif

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Monthly = Green fibo levels

Weekly = Blue fibo levels

Looking at the weekly chart now, we can see the price opened the past week just below the 23.6% fibo and went through the 38.2%, 50% and touched the 61.8% but it came back and closed just above the 50%. Plus you can see the 23.6% monthly fibo and the weekly 50% fibo are very close to each other, this should be a good support level. The candle has broken and closed below the weekly lower trendline.

http://img441.imageshack.us/img441/6870/weeklyfp7.gif

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Daily = Pink fibo levels

If you look closely, you can see how the price went to the next daily fibo level after it broke and closed well below a level. we had a full retracement on the daily chart this past week. The last candle we have on the daily is a hammer/pin-bar/doji, whatever you want to call it.., price tried to break the weekly fibo's but it failed and it closed just above the 50%. To me this indicates that price will go up to the 231-232 area to test the fibonacci levels we have there.. we'll know next week

http://img250.imageshack.us/img250/6053/dailyhh8.gif

--- 帖子 #5 ---
to thank you for your kindness and thoughtfulness in ths new thread teaching your method of trading the gbp/jpy. Thank you so much!!

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Actually i was waiting to see if karmo will post any more.. heee...

Learnt alot from the way you interpret fibo retracements and so on by just looking at the charts above..

Thanks & Keep up the good work bro~

--- 帖子 #7 ---
4H = Black fibo levels

Don't get confused with all the colorful lines, if you are then open up your chart and just plot 1 fibo at a time and look how price bounced off the fibo levels.

I drew this fibo retracement level after I saw it not being able to test the low again, we can see how the price went and tested the 23.6% the first time and failed, but it broke it the 2nd attempt and went straight to the 38.2%, where it was rejected and came back to the 23.6%, It is going to test the 38.2% another time.. next week. We are also in a small downtrend channel.

http://img515.imageshack.us/img515/2043/4hzm3.gif

--- 帖子 #8 ---
The chart you posted here illustrates the reason I've never used Fib.

By picking a different swing low to draw the fib from,  you can make the retracement be anything you want it to be.

Maybe you have an objective set of rules for making the choice. That would be good.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
First of all, a big HELLO to everybody coz as you can see this is my first post in FF.

To be honest, I was waiting for a personal thread like that by this great trader and person like Karmo.

I'm watching,reading and trying to follow for some time the other thread (Auslanco's...) but only as a guest.Without participating or even replying to anything.

I believe that I'm not ready yet to participate coz I need to learn more and more things about that wonderful world...The ''world of FOREX''...

I wish some day to become a trader like u guyz!!!

Keep up the good work and I wish to everybody a mountain of pipz...!!!

--- 帖子 #10 ---
You are most welcome guys & gals , hopefully we all can learn from each other, that is why we are here

--- 帖子 #11 ---
a very good starting broo

keep it up bro

--- 帖子 #12 ---
I said in my first post that every trade could and will draw his fibonacci retracement different. I use the monthly/weekly just to get an idea of where price might be heading, I mostly concentrate on the daily and 4H charts since I trade everyday.

I draw my fibs from the top of a bear run until it stops and retracement starts, and from the bottom of a bull run till it stops and starts to retrace. You'll know more what I mean when I post my 4H charts everyday.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Hi Karmo,

Very good charts and I see your calls are very accurate on the Ausco thread.

Now I did post on the mentioned thread that I blew my account last week, however prior to this 2000 pip drop I used exactly your method to treble my account from January this year to July 20th as I was following the daily chart trend.

So I know your system works I can prove that.

The BIG question is which timeframe to use to determine the trend.  This is absolutely crucial as the reason I blew my account was that all the strong Fib retracement levels on the Daily Charts never held.  Ok my Money management could have been better so lesson learnt, however I would have still had a large drawdrawn at best.

I took a wild punt on Friday and made 900 pips from the low because we hit the Weekly trendline channel. Now if I was looking at a weekly timeframe I probably would have doubled my account instead of blowing it.

SO HOW OR WHICH TIMEFRAME DO WE USE FOR THE TREND BECAUSE IF ITS NOT KNOW YOU CAN HAVE TWO CONFLICTING VIEWS ON DIRECTION... THIS IS HOW I BLEW MY ACCOUNT

Regards

Dave

PS To all newbies... If you follow the trend (what is it? + use multiple fib levels) you can make some serious money

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Hi fourxtrader,

Regarding your question about the 5SMA, this was never part of my method until I came across Auslanco and his method, as he says that it is the 'true price', since I started using the 5SMA to enter the market, it has given me a much much better entry price than I would of entered before. Whenever a retracement starts, watch how price reacts to the 5SMA on every TF, from 5mins to 1H, price keeps testing the 5SMA on every TF until one of them supports/holds, but most of the time it will retrace to the 1H SMA, and it depends on how strong the current movement is.

If I didn't answer your question, please do ask me again.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
This is what I am waiting for Karmo. Many thanks to you and keep posting bro.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Hi rumbey,

What is the trend? well, it depends on which timeframe you are looking at, there are so many trends within trends. I recommend looking at 2-3 different timeframes rather than just one TF. Like I said in a post above, I use the weekly/monthly fibonacci levels to have an idea of where price might go. The daily fibo's didn't hold but the weekly held, where we also had a trendline there as well.

I'm sorry to hear about blowing up your account, but a question came to my mind, were you not using a 'stop-loss'? Trading GJ and without a stop-loss, it will turn into a disaster. Money Management is very very very important as well. Don't worry I blew up my first account trading this beast also, so you're not alone.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Thanks Karm. I have been having a difficult time in applying FIB's to my charts. Now I have an idea. In applying a FIB's to weekly and daily, how do you determine which high / low's to apply them to?

--- 帖子 #18 ---
This was my problem.  As the price retraced on the daily the trend was still UP on the daily therefore you look for a retracement off the fib lines to go LONG. My stop is usually 200 below, but on several occasions because the fib lines are approximate areas or support/resistance I let the losses run too much. Then the same on the 50% and the 61.8%.

Because the trend is still UP its very dangerous to SHORT the market although looking back its clear but as we all know its not at all clear at the time you are trading.

Ironically, when I posted I was long last week everyone was saying that the trend is DOWN, but is it?  Maybe I need to trade the 4hr and just keep an eye on the other timeframes.. How do you determine the EXACT trend?

So how do you determine if you are going to go long or short just by looking at the fibs.

Presently you could draw fib lines from the low to high AND high to low.  Which fibs will you TRUST because they conflict unless you know the overall trend direction... Are you clear what I am trying to say?

Dave

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Wow. Great stuff. Karm.

Jim

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Hi Petter,

Welcome to FF and to my thread, it's great to have you with us

Good luck

--- 帖子 #21 ---
On the daily/weekly TF, I usually look for the last major retracement we had and then draw from there. For example, on the daily GJ I've drawn from the low of 221.xx to the high of 251.xx, and this week we had 100% retracement. so if on monday we don't test the low again, I'm going to draw a fib from the high of 251.xx to the low of 219.xx, and that will give us the fibs of how high will it retrace from here (resistance levels)

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Hi Karmo,

First, I truly appreciate you putting this together and posting in a new thread and thus sharing your strategy with all of us. This is invaluable to and we can't thank you enough (same applies to Aus as well.)

Could you plese explain how you determine the low and how points for drawing your Fibs. 'Cause I notice that your lowpoint (100%) on this weekly fib is 200.52 while one could have drawn it with the low near 192 or the one near 189 as well. How do you determine which is more appropriate.

Thanks in advance.

~G.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
The daily trend was up, why would you long at every retracement level when the daily candle clearly broke the fibo level? you should wait for the daily candle to close to see whether the fibo level will hold or not.

Even on other timeframes, I wait for the candle to close convincingly below/above any fibo level before considering it being broken, plus sometimes the price will come back and test the fibo level it broke.

The daily chart shows a 100% retracement, if on monday we make a newer low, I'll consider the daily to be in a downtrend, but it would make more sense to me if price went up because looking at the weekly chart, it retraced to the 61.8 which price usually does before resuming it's trend (Upward based on weekly).

About drawing the fib from low/high or high/low, that depends whether it is a bull-run (upward movement) or bear-run (downward movement)

If price has risen from 221 to 251, you will draw the fibo from low to high, which it will tell you how low will it retrace before resuming it's trend.

If the price has fell from 251 to 219, you will draw the fibo from the high to low, which it will tell you how high it might retrace before resuming it's trend. Remember if it retraces 100% then that fib and close well below 100% retracement is nomore valid because it would mean we're getting into a new trend.

The daily fib we have now shouldn't be considered but I will wait for monday to close without making a new low, then draw a new daily fib from high to low, which will give us the levels of how high it might retrace. Remember weekly trend is still up and it completed the 61.8% fibo, we could be going higher than 251 in the coming weeks based on weekly chart.

I hope I have answered your question.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
So in other words the trend is now SHORT on the Daily, and all other TF's except the Weekly and Monthly?? If you trade off the weekly you are saying that the 50% fib has hit therefore we go LONG (always trade with the trend)

OR

Daily = TREND DOWN therefore we look to SHORT at say the 61.8% Fib level

This is where the confusion lies??

My only solution is do you need to take into account Fundamentals to decide if you are LONG or SHORT.  You can't be both!

You MUST be Long as you expect the price to rise to the Daily 61.8%?? which doesn't make sense.  You should be short from the failure of Fridays price to break this level?

Dave

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Hi AlphaGA,

We are all here to learn, aren't we? we don't need to thank each other

I totally know what you are saying and it is indeed very hard to draw a 100% accurate fibo level, especially on longer timeframes such as the weekly. I had a hard drawing this fib on the weekly myself, I just decided to draw it from the 200 point since it a nice uptrend move started from there. I have drawn from the points you mentioned, and it gets even more interesting, we will have to keep an eye and see which one is going to be the more appropriate one.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
If you draw the weekly from low at 165.37 on 6/3/01 then this weeks low was more or less on the 38.2% fib so a valid signal as well

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Basically on current price you are either:

LONG with stop 50 pips below the 38.2% fib

or

SHORT with stop above (+50pips) the 61.8% fib

You shouldn't have any stops within these ranges.  These stops should keep you clear of any whipsawing.  There is nothing worse in my opinion apart from loosing a trade than losing your position due to a stop being too close

Do you agree Karmo?

--- 帖子 #28 ---
I don't trade relying on the fib levels only, I use candlestick patterns as well. we are still in an uptrend channel on the monthly, and we have a nice pin-bar/doji/hammer on the daily chart, I expect the price to go up.

I trade on the 4H chart, I could go long and short in the same day and make a good amount of pips, I just use the daily/weekly for confirmation and like i said to have an idea of the bigger picture.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
What about stop loss levels.. Do you use pivots and daily support/resistance levels?

I use MT4 with daily pivots etc plotted if anyone is interested in using these on MT4 platform. I can post them here

I also use trailing stops minimum 100 behind but more often I place stop above/below the next fib level +50 or a daily resistance/support line

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Hi Karmo - My first post, too.  But I've been trading with FF constantly for the past two months, especially Aus thread.  THANK YOU!  Thank you for this thread, and for the amazing help you've given me in my trading.  I'm not the first to say this, certainly not the last.  I look forward to studying your method, and applying it to my steep learning curve.  Thanks also to Auslanco, Markham, and others who give generously of their time and knowledge.

- Abacus

San Diego, CA

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Karmo,

As you add or clarify or tweak your strategy, (as this thread becomes heavily traveled) if appropriate could you possibly utilize the edit feature off of your post #1 and expand any particular concept so newbies and the rest can always know immediately where to go for the complete introduction rather than have to sift through dozens of minor posts and responses you no doubt will be making in the days and weeks to come.   (I think the edit feature even gives an updated date for easy reference)

Just an idea.... that came to me.... while

sleepinginadumpster

--- 帖子 #32 ---
"Abacus"

That's a good moniker (monikker). Probably helps you calculate your
pip totals faster than the rest of us.... and no downtime with power
outages.  lol

Mine provides me peace and solitude while the masses face foreclosures.

"sleepinginadumpster"

--- 帖子 #33 ---
I am a total newbie at Forex trading or any kind of trading whatsoever, so what I am about to say maybe completely of target or worse plain stupid, I had a moment or two to decide if to post or not but here it goes:

- All that I know about Fibbonaci retracement is what I’ve read on babypics and from seeing your charts.

- But what I do know is that price moves in waves, impulse/correction waves, and every wave has its smaller compounding waves on smaller TF hence the different so called trends. In my view to have a good fibonaci you just have to catch a wave from start to end dead on.

- The weekly chart is the one that caused me a lot of head ackes, where to start it from, and like AlpahGA very well pointed out, you have different start points(swing lows). Then it came to my mind that price is only set by people perception of it, but what do they perceive? Except from the levels that represent round numbers, 220.00 for example, where do the rest of the levels come from? My simplest response would be that they come from previous fibonaci retracement levels (that we know they work) so price stopped there a lot of times before moving on so we have many intersections so we have levels, if the logic is correct should work the other way around, so to catch a wave we only have to know it started after beating a level. so the fibs should be from that level on. In our case on weekly we have at least 3 important start levels: 200.52(your fib), 192.61, 189.50.

- To put it short, a good fib in my view should start from the levels with most intersections, by only looking back at these 3 levels I can see that 192.61 is the best level to choose for the fib to start.

- If you find that I have at least came close to something useful we could ask Que to write a software for to decide which level in a designated area has the most intersection and work from there on…, if you find it total rubbish and that I missed some key points about fib drawing just delete my post, and suggest some good reading for me.

Hope I havent bored the hell out of people reading this

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Mine provides me peace and solitude while the masses face foreclosures.

FourXTrader -- I'll bet your dumpster is a mighty fine place.  There is much to desire in a simple life.  I am aiming to get there, if I can learn to trade like many of you veterans in this forum.  Alas, my abacus is still too complex.  I use my fingers and toes to count, and that seems to work just fine.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Isn't it great to find such generous traders as A and K willing to share
their successes on these threads so we might all achieve and maintain
the simple life.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Hello Karmo, congrats for your new thread as its very very valuable for all newbie. I have been following your call for 2 weeks and I always impressed with the result. Last week, you are absolutely a Knigth Bear Green Pips as I didn't see anyone that put their target as low as you did.

When you open position, do you always let the SL blank ? and will lock in + 10 pips after the market go in your direction for 50 pips? Just curious to know, and maybe this is a stupid question as your decision is 90% right, but how about the market go against you before the 50 pips occurs? I ask this question since my capital is so little.

I don't see any line of 5 SMA in all charts.

Congratulation again

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Hi Karmo,

Happy to see that you have started this thread after watching you performing an excellent analysis and highly successful GJ trades for some time through Auslanco thread.

I am wondering if you like to keep the chart analysis from your end or don't mind some input from others?

--- 帖子 #38 ---
I'm agree with input from others but not strategy from others. This will be confiusing newbie like me. If other people want to show their strategy, just create their OWN THREAD. Its better i think.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Hi everyone

Thanks Karmo for this thread , it's really helpful .

If i can be of any help , just let me know

Seb

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Thanks karma you honoured my suggestion.It will help us Learn more and more.One more thing since i am following AUS's thread for some time i have seen at the time  Dow opens nobody is sure which direction the market moves buti have observed there is stark resemblance ( at least for last week) during open hours between Dow and G/J so why not Draw Fib. and trend lines on Dow's or its futures chart  and see how it chalks out .

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Hi karmostaji

I truly appreciate for sharing your strategy, it's really helpful.

Thanks once again for sharing.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
I have never used Pivot Points, read about them a little but I was never interested in them, dunno why.

As for SL, I will usually put my stop-loss 100-200 pips or somewhere around resistance/support levels or at fib levels, it depends on the situation. But as soon as I am in profit of 50-100 pips, I'll lock in a small # of pips and let it ride, it's a free trade from there onwards

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Hi cornelius2,

Thanks, green pips is my new GF

Regarding the SL, check post #42

As for the 5 SMA, I use it mostly on 1H and 4H charts when I'm trading, use them for entry.. check Auslanco's thread for how to use it, and I'll explain it once this trading week starts.. you'll understand better

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Halla Majd,

Thanks bro, I don't mind anyone posting their charts with some fib action going on.. I'd love to see what everyone else is seeing on their charts

--- 帖子 #45 ---
I've been doing analysis on the DOW since it's been very correlated with GJ lately, I would love to post but this last friday the broker didn't update the friday candles for the DOW for some reason, once the broken opens on Monday and updates their chart, I'll post.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Wow, I have to get my Fib learning book out and start studying. I never thought that fibs are that much important for this pair, but after seeing your highly accurate and awesome calls, I'm really starving to learn your method and apply it to my strategy.

Thanks for creating this thread, Karmo. This is surely going to be my  second favorite thread on FF.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
We are all here to learn from each other my friend

Your method + mine = the combo I enjoy

Thanks to you for sharing your method with us which has given me a boost in my trading

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Hi Karmo,

I too wanted to voice my thanks in your willingness to share your method. I've been very impressed with your calls whilst watching Auslanco's thread and will no doubt learn tons of stuff. I made 700 pips from yours and Aus's call last friday (on my demo though as I'm still learning  but gosh that was really kewl). For a newbie like me, its a privledge to learn from such experienced traders.

Looking forward to learning your trading strategies.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Thank you for your lesson for the said pair. You use 1H TF for entry. May I ask how long the whole transaction take? If the market turns against you, would you normally lock-up your position to clear your mind?

How about the pair USD/JPY ? would you use the same trading strategy?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Thanks Karmo,

So once a trade in locked in for say 10 pips do you use trailing stops or just leave it to hit you first fib level target

Also how do you go about trading once your target is met. (i presume at a fib level)  Do you close and then wait for a 4 hr candle to close above the fib and trade again or ???  Can you explain

I sometimes find it difficult to reverse on a fib level or not.  Do you have a system in place for this scenario?

Dave

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hi woowk08,

It depends, I don't really think of how long it will take, I set my SL and TP and enjoy my time, I'll usually lock in a small # of pips like i've said before.

Ofcourse you can use the same method on any pair, but I rather concentrate on one and master it rather than trade so many different pairs and get confused.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
The broker I use doesn't have a trailing stop, after locking in some pips I let the trade do it's thing until the 4H candle closes, if it looks like it has the power to reach my TP, then it's fine but if it looks like it's getting exhausted, i'll just move my SL manually and lock in some more profits.

Are we getting greedy Rumbey?

I do wait for the 4H candle to close and re-evaluate everything, waiting for a good set-up and trade again.

Reverse on a fib level? what do you mean?

--- 帖子 #53 ---
hi karmo  ,

i hv been reading and following your strategy..simply fantastic..

looking forward for your strategy for next week.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Yooo....Karmo...my Mentor..

I wanted to thanks in your willingness to share your method and learn a lot from your post  In G/J.. I really appreciate your hard work and patience..

Thanks again bro...and congratulation

--- 帖子 #55 ---
What I mean is more often than not price bounces off fib as on Friday (61.8%) fib.

How do you deal with this situation because the 4hr chart is still trending DOWN so logically that would have been a good position to short with 200+pips in the bag already.

Or do you expect usually a fib level to be challenged more than once and if it fails a second time you reverse?

Dave

--- 帖子 #56 ---
hi karmo

thanks for sharing your method

but i have a question??

how you draw fibs accuratly???can you explain this in detail for us,cuz i don't know how draw them effectively??

thanks agian bro

--- 帖子 #57 ---
It depends on how the candlestick forms, price will not always come back and test the fibo level, that is why I have used Auslanco's 5SMA because price always retraces back to 5SMA on the 1H and it gives us a good entry point.

I don't know how many times will a fib be tested, I just trade what I see on my chart.

The 4H is indeed in a downtrend, but before it resumes downwards it has to retrace, I'll post some charts in a bit.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
have you read the fibonacci retracement explanation on babypips.com? if not, please do so.. you can also search on youtube for some good fibonacci videos

--- 帖子 #59 ---
This is how I have set up my charts for Monday's trading, these fibo levels are valid unless we make a new low but I doubt it.

Daily:

http://img254.imageshack.us/img254/5053/gjeg2.gif

4H:

http://img154.imageshack.us/img154/2605/gjea6.gif

Now here's both fib's on the same chart.. both fib levels show us how much will price retrace before resuming downtrends, if price breaks 61.8% fib level and closes above it, then the trend might be changing.. for now it's down

http://img124.imageshack.us/img124/4522/gjvb0.gif

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Karm,

I guess I got more learning to do...lol.. this is a good thing after Friday. (Only bad day all week)

I guess I have 2 threads to keep up on now and it is back to the learning sponge mind set.

Cool dude, Thanks

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Karm,

My mentor and best bud...lol How did I do on my fibs? the blue (active) the grey (for different time frame) this is for 1hr chart. I will post the indicator if you wish to look but it sets the fibs in all time frames by it self.

Well I will get the hang of posting better charts soon I hope.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Here is the indicator I have been using.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Hi Kevin,

Honestly, I don't know where is the starting point of the fib, nor where is the end point, if you could post a much better chart and without all those indicators, and maybe zoom out a bit..please

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Karm,

I don't know what the deal is here but I for the life of me can not get a chart posted as I see it. I will have to try another software for posting charts. Outside of you looking at those indicators, I will do it by hand as you have listed.

Not being able to post what I am seeing as I see it is really pissin me off.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Hey Karmostaji, you got me hooked up with this fibs stuff, it is like a drug, I want to have your permision to post some GPBUSD charts weekly daily and 4H, for you to take a glance at them and afterwards just erase my post so that your thread wont be cloged up with useless stuff.

If it is ok just say if not no problem.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Karm,

I hope this will turn out better.

This post will tell, these are the fibs I have so far on a daily chart.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Post away my friend, and you don't have to delete them..

--- 帖子 #68 ---
4hr chart

--- 帖子 #69 ---
1hr chart

NOTE: your black fib is my white fib.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Shoot, it's better than what I can post..

--- 帖子 #71 ---
hi Karmo

There is an indicator called Zigzag, which can be useful to determine the points for the fibs. Or also.. Fractals can be used.

Good luck with the thread

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Good job Kevin, they look great

Excellent trendlines and fib combination going on there ovidiu, I like the weekly fib and that lower trendline, interesting area to watch, and we are indeed in a downtrend channel on the 4H chart

Regarding posting charts:Open MT4 File > save as picture, then click OK go to www.imageshack.us upload the pic, take the URL and post it here

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Hi Karmo,

Can you repost your current position, if any, with Targets and stops

Thanks

Dave

--- 帖子 #74 ---
No positions open, if you want to keep track of the positions I open, you should follow Auslanco's thread in the 'Forex discussion' because that's the place where I hang out with my fellow traders during trading sessions

--- 帖子 #75 ---
">[IMG]http://img59.imageshack.us/img59/4713/gpbusdweeklyeb0.gif[/IMG]

">[IMG]http://img235.imageshack.us/img235/1061/gpbusddailycl0.gif[/IMG]

">[IMG]http://img402.imageshack.us/img402/4494/gpbusd4hqb7.gif[/IMG]

Better now.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Hi Karmo

Thanks so much for your time posting and explaining your strategy..

I am really pleased to see you have your  own thread for your strategy, I will definitely be a regular lurker here...

God bless!

Angie

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Read through your thread here during the weekend.

Appreciate for your good work for all of us.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
The week started.

May the pipz be with us

--- 帖子 #79 ---
opening 225.85

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Hey Karmo,

Just wanted to congratulate you on your new thread and following! You're doing awesome, and pose some good tips here for newbies and pros alike.  Thanks for the generosity.

Regards,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #81 ---
kiss principle works

u may want to add 200ma on a 5 min chart

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Karmo

Just wanted to say thanks for sharing your system.  With your system along with Aus system I really believe I finally know when to enter and exit the market.  Thanks again.  Your knowledge and kindness is much appreciated. sw

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Thanks for the new thread KArmo.

Any thoughts at this time?

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Testing first post. Note; I did the same exact thing,,, I looked at each timeframe and each one next to the other was almost always opposite the one next to it, with a couple of neutral ones, I didn't force the trade, but with all the same indicators ya'll use I put down my best estimate with tight (maybe too tight) sl's and still managed to kill a good portion of my account when I didn't have this kind of trouble in the demo.....ouchee

--- 帖子 #85 ---
It'll be a pleasure meeting you too Karmo, I've been reading posts for sometime and feel a little at home here. Peace to your house and I hope we all can prosper.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Nice meeting you all

If you guys want to see what I'm trading and what do I see in the market right now

Come join us @ Auslanco's thread http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...23#post1548423

--- 帖子 #87 ---
holding a short position from 226.54, tp 225.20

hourly candle closed below the daily 23.6, targeting 4h 23.6 fib

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hi Kevinsw,

Please help me, I can not find the QQE indicators in my MT.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #89 ---
nice job you're doing here, karmo.

i use the same strategy, with 2 exceptions: i don't use pivots, and i only enter trades confirmed by divergences (both types, classical and hidden...).

i use a zup indicator (i think it's v67) to have my fibo levels automatically drawn on the chart; as for the divergences, macd histogram works great for me.

keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Can you post the v67 here. I only found v39.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Thanks Scrat, but I don't use pivots either..

--- 帖子 #92 ---
sorry, that was my bad. i was talking to someone at the moment i posted... about support/resistance and pivots... so i mixed up things.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
here it is (you need to allow dll imports).

i don't pay attention to the blue patterns (you'll see them from time to time) unless they have fibo ratios (i'm talking about gartley, butterfly, crab etc - google should guide you to these if you're interested...). there is a discussion thread at tsd, you can also get more info there. basically you look at the dotted lines and when you see a fibo ratio (.618, .786 etc) you look for a reversal pattern. combine this with divergences and you have a very good system.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Thanx,

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hi Karmo, I made more than $ 400  yesterday because of your fibo training. Your charts was very clear and easy to follow.

In my weekly chart, I see trend line point to 230 this week and so does fibo 23.6. But it seems GJ will test the 220 level again before it climbs up, just like a moment in March 2007.

Thank you again Karmo.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
You are most welcome, I hope we all make green pips constantly

here's what I have on my 1H chart, a break of the upper TL and we will be heading to my Targets, check sig

http://img213.imageshack.us/img213/4773/gjtj2.gif

--- 帖子 #97 ---
salam karmo... why dont u post ur new chart... i would like to see ur trendlines... i hav my buy limit at 231.5.. theres a trendline there to resume its uptrend...

--- 帖子 #98 ---
these lines are where GJ previously stopped... hopefully tomorrow it can break the upper trendline...

--- 帖子 #99 ---
wsalam

I really like your trendline drawings, much better than mine  keep posting

--- 帖子 #100 ---
excuse my ignorance but is there any way you can tellme where i cango to star learning your strategi

--- 帖子 #101 ---
You can learn here in this thread, but I post regularly in auslanco's thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...40582&page=357

--- 帖子 #102 ---
My current chart with fibs and trendlines..

http://img339.imageshack.us/img339/457/gjwh2.gif

--- 帖子 #103 ---
thanks 4 ur compliment but i like urs too, i refer to ur chart to see diffrence in our drawing, really helps me... right nowgj drowned too fast, hope it doest reach my sl 230.5...

--- 帖子 #104 ---
we have good support here at 231.50 area, we should bounce upwards

--- 帖子 #105 ---
asalamo alayk ya akhi

ayna anta??

hal anta in your thread or in aus thread???

i just follow anta ya akhi

fi amanellah with your trades

--- 帖子 #106 ---
kARMO WHAT DO YPU THINK ABOUT THIS LONG?

--- 帖子 #107 ---
I'm still holding onto my long, might take a while to go up though

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Trendline and fib on 15 minute chart...

A

--- 帖子 #109 ---
I have been following Auses thread for quite a while and am grateful you have started your own.  My question is how do you get the prices to show up on your fibo lines.  I am using Meta Trader 4.  Thanks again

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Has anyone heard anything with regards to the Bank of Japan interest rate review? I can't find anything yet

--- 帖子 #111 ---
I was able to find the answer in Auses Thread.

"Just type (%$) under the fibo levels description in the properties of fib to get the price near levels"

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Yah, sorry I have been so busy and couldn't reply to your post here.

Enjoy.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Trendline is still supporting as you can see..

http://img213.imageshack.us/img213/4175/gjfa8.gif

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Hi Karmostaji, first nice trade on the GPP/JPY, I wanted to swing trade the same peak but I already had some other trades open so I had to pass this one. I've observed the 4H and Daily charts for you and price is doing fine on both. I uploaded the charts. Your only fear should be if price forms a mini down trend which hits your stoploss....

Other than that, the overall trend here is up, price reached down to a low peak and has bounced back up..

7ayak allah!

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Karmostaji,

I follow the other thread quite closely and have noticed that you have a fibo line at 232.61 (61.8).  I have been able to learn how to draw the fibo lines and for some reason I do not have a line there. How did you determine where to draw your line from.  I thought I had it figured out.  Here is what my chart looks like. Any guidance you can give me would be great.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
I am unable to get the middle line in momentum to show up.  Do you how I do that?  This is what my chart looks like right now.  I used to have it and then I had MT4 crash and had to reinstall.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
yesterday my sell limit missed as it penetrate the line. but this morning cannot affort to not going long.. i'm aware to those resistance line i drawn...

--- 帖子 #118 ---
hi karmo,

if there is a new swing high or low, so i have to draw new fib lines, the older are still in work? do they still work with same strongness? - or does it depent on timeframe how long they are strong?

question over question, hope you find time to answer.

best wishes, take care

molguge

--- 帖子 #119 ---
your TP still set at -100 pips?

--- 帖子 #120 ---
I've been on vacation and didn't have much time to post any charts or do any updates or even answer questions.

I will update all my charts and fibs shortly

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Here's the daily chart with the fibs, the first try to break the 50% level failed, we might be going for another try and if it successfully breaks, we will see 238.80 which is my 2nd TP.

http://img263.imageshack.us/img263/1627/gjlk5.gif

--- 帖子 #122 ---
based on the 4H, we retraced 50% of the bull run and then started heading back up, seems like we're testing the 23.6% again.. I'm expecting price to rise to 235.50

http://img256.imageshack.us/img256/8873/gjrk9.gif

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Right after you put on the fibo lines a properties window will open up...click on Fibo Levels tab...0 should show in the left coulumn under Level...0.0 should show in the right column under Description.  Click on add or default in order to get the 0.0 to show.  I can't remember just how to do it and I don't want to play with my own too much...sometimes MT4 is tricky and I'm concerned about getting things back the way I want them.  Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Looking at my charts, we will have a big fall next week..

Weekly chart:

I don't remember what we call this last candle but it is a sign of a big fall

http://img105.imageshack.us/img105/9029/gjvr1.gif

Daily chart:

On the daily chart, we have completed 50% retracement as you can see

http://img167.imageshack.us/img167/2357/gjog0.gif

4H chart:

We are in a nice downtrend channel, and if we take the fib from 244 to the low of 219, we have completed 61.8% retracement, so to me we should be heading downwards from here..

http://img252.imageshack.us/img252/8899/gjdh6.gif

--- 帖子 #125 ---
hi all

next week cuse of narrow volume of trades possibly the pair should test 61.8

around 239 to 243 after it i am waitig for new low's

for next week i look at any deep toward 229 as buy oportunity.

best regards

--- 帖子 #126 ---
the problem of decisions in trendlines and channels... is always the same.. will it be a big bounce? or a big breakout ?

--- 帖子 #127 ---
karmo, i already explained on aus' thread the candlestick pattern.

here is again the weekly chart.

you probably think that what you saw is a hanging man (because you expect a fall judging by that candle...). it's not a hanging man because there is no previous uptrend. it's not enough for a candle to look like something, but more important is WHERE is located and IF there is a confirmation.

actually, the weekly chart shows a piercing pattern (which might suggest a reversal from the last big fall, so we should see the trend resuming UP, not down). except that this piercing pattern has not been confirmed yet; this week should have been closed ABOVE last bullish candle.

now let's talk about the downside: for this piercing pattern to be negated, g-j needs to go at least below 219.31 (either a lower low, but i would need to see a close below this level). only in this case the downtrend will resume.

now something else... that candle also look like another pattern reversal: a hammer (a hanging man and a hammer look exactly the same, it's just their location that is different). we might assume it would be a hammer because it is located in a downtrend... but that would also be considered as a reversal sign. now let's put it all together: downtrend... then piercing pattern... then something that looks like a hammer... i would say that weekly chart does not support AT ALL a big fall. at least, not until these patterns are negated.

h4 and daily, on the other side, do suggest a fall to some extent. which is all that matters for me now, because i'm not trading weekly candles on g-j.

regarding the daily chart, yes, we had a 50% retracement from the whole drop and a 61.8% retracement from the last swing. it should be enough to make us watch for a reversal. add the reverse divergence on major oscillators and the picture is pretty suggestive. however, daily chart does not show a valid reversal pattern (and i'm talking about a candlestick pattern) yet.

the most bearish looking chart is h4. i'm not going below h4. that's just noise.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Thanks for the clarification Scrat, appreciate it

We learn something new everyday

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Weekly analysis:

Weekly chart:

As I had predicted that last week would be a bear week and it indeed turned out to be so, now looking at the weekly fibonacci levels, GJ is looking to retest the 50%, 61.8% and even touching 76.4% which is 212.45 area, the weekly chart is still bullish unless we get a weekly bar closing below the lower TL, then things will change but in my prediction we will touch the 76.4% in the coming weeks

http://img509.imageshack.us/img509/1134/gjmw1.gif

Daily chart:

As we have seen in the past weeks, GJ retraced 50% of the move down and it has started to resume it's bearish trend now. The last day of the week, the candle closed well below the 38.2% fibonacci level, the next level is the 23.6% which is also close to the weekly 50%

http://img295.imageshack.us/img295/526/gjst9.gif

4H chart:

Looking at the Green fibs, we completed 61.8% retracement and price has started to resume it's bearish trend. I also added the orange fibs, all these fibonacci are good levels to keep an eye on, the beast will take a rest at some of these levels like it did at the 76.4% (orange)

http://img172.imageshack.us/img172/9167/gjwk0.gif

so, in simple words.. I also see 212 in the coming weeks/month

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Greetings Limpopo, your name sounds familiar. Nice to see such a name on this forum. I'm from Africa but am living and working in Canada at the moment. I'm just hooked on this GBPJPY beast. Have a nice weekend, mfo wethu.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Usually if it retraces to 61 it retraces all the way to 100.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Good luck.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I just updated the first post, I explained how I use the Momentum indicator & 5sma to catch a retracement!

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Thanks Karmo,

Jim

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Great charts. Great analysis. Great work.

Thanks again, karmo.

Jim

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Another way

Save as picture - on desktop

when writing your post click on the paperclip next to the smilies. a upload facility will open, browes, select image, upload, click paperclip to open.

quick and easy.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
when you set a MT4 indicator the way you like it save it under another name ie PTB fib 1

that way you can play with other variations.

best way to do this is to save the file and open an identical chart and add the renamed indicator. jsu to check the saved file works the same way.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Thanks for all your work on this Karmo.

I really appreciate it. I don't usually trade GJ but EJ instead, but the trends are virtually itendtical so it's been helpful to read your input.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Greetings Karmo

I'm amazed at the way you do trading. I'm new in this line, tho' been learning since Feb07, i'm yet to discover more.  Its interesting to learn about GJ and i as i've been following your thread only recently, im beginning to notice that all tips are great.. Hence, i shall keep coming here for more and is there anyway i can contact you on YM.  Thnks very much and may God bless you!

quote=karmostaji;1546483]I said in my first post that every trade could and will draw his fibonacci retracement different. I use the monthly/weekly just to get an idea of where price might be heading, I mostly concentrate on the daily and 4H charts since I trade everyday.

I draw my fibs from the top of a bear run until it stops and retracement starts, and from the bottom of a bull run till it stops and starts to retrace. You'll know more what I mean when I post my 4H charts everyday.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #140 ---
You are most welcome dakrusha and Alys59, we are here to learn and help

--- 帖子 #141 ---
This past week was excellent, hopefully next week will be better and with bigger move since the Fed is going to have a little party with us lol

Ok, let's get to analyzing..

After learning about the great Moving Averages (50ema, 100sma, 200ema) from our MA master 'Hakuna Matata', I have drawn my weekly fibonacci levels differently this week (weekly chart) and I will explain to you why.

As we know, Moving Averages provide Support/Resistance levels, so now have a look at the chart and see how nicely price reacted (I'm amazed!). Now let's add some Fibo's to our cocktail, the 200ema acted as a support (it barely touched it, but I'll take it as support) on 17/07/05 , now if you draw a Fibonacci retracement from this low to the high of 251.07

http://img405.imageshack.us/img405/1646/gjij9.gif

Now look at that 100sma and 50% level, they were both close to each other and price bounced off that area perfectly. I said last week 212 is next on the cards for GJ but I'll change it to 212-214, since our 61.8% fibo is at 215 and 200ema is just below it, 212-214 should be achieavable in the coming weeks/months.

Remember now, we have lots of supports to break before getting there.. I don't trade based on weekly charts, I just have them in order to have an idea of where price might go next.

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Daily chart:

That descending TL from the top has been acting as a support lately, but I believe it will be broken and next support area for GJ based on the daily chart is the 23.6% fibo level.

http://img514.imageshack.us/img514/250/gjna5.gif

--- 帖子 #143 ---
4H chart:

The price has been bouncing off the green 61.8%, 50%, and 38.2% fibo levels, once price breaks the 38.2% + TL (close to my 2nd TP), 23.6% is next where we also have a weekly TL waiting for us there.

http://img460.imageshack.us/img460/1905/gjgw5.gif

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Karmo,

Thanks for these charts, especially where the fibonacci's are drawn, they are invaluable

Good luck for coming week

Jason

--- 帖子 #145 ---
so are you thinking the previous resistance has become it's new support in a continued down trend?

looking on the weekly it looks like consolidation. but on H4 and H1 looks like still down.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
pls i do i post charts as thumbnails

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Hi Karmo. Nice analysis. I was just curious as to why you used  mid july to take the weekly fibs from rather than January, is there a specific rule that you use.

Thanks, Bogus.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
The weekly chart has been the most difficult one to drawn proper fibs on, I do not rely on the weekly much since I'm an intra-day trader.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
For the past 2 weeks or so, price has been bouncing off the 38.2%, 50%, and 61.8% fib levels on the 4h chart, we also have a triangle, once it breaksout.. we will have a clear direction. 200ema (red line) has been a good resistance.

http://img259.imageshack.us/img259/7936/gjqc4.gif

--- 帖子 #150 ---
GJ has broken to the upside as we know but we have a very strong resistance at 235.20-45, if this resistance is broken then 238 is definitely a target. A 50% retracement is possible first to 233.70 area where we also have 50ema.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Daily chart is very bullish, so is the 4H, price completed it's daily 61.8% retracement from it's last fall to 219 area. Where will price go next? It could retrace back to the daily 50% fibo to see if it supports or not, or it could still go higher, the trendline is still supporting this upward trend, I wouldn't short this pair unless the TL gets broken and retracement for this last upward movement starts. I've also drawn a new fibo for this last daily swing (assuming this is the top, otherwise this fibo is invalid), you can see the 38.2% fibo (green) is very to close to the daily 50%, so it could retrace to that area and then bounce back up or it could retrace to it's favorite fibo level which is the 50%. This week should be interesting and lots of pips for us to grab.

http://img507.imageshack.us/img507/6210/4hhr5.gif

http://img512.imageshack.us/img512/8792/1hjg2.gif

--- 帖子 #152 ---
I'm getting to the point where I don't feel comfortable trading the gbp/jpy until I see Karmostaji's latest thinking.

Thanks for your analysis.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
hi,

please advise what period momentum indicator is to be set?

regards

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Period: 10

Apply to: Close

--- 帖子 #155 ---
hi

thanks for the reply. you are doing a great job mate, keep it up.

regards

kenneith

--- 帖子 #156 ---
thanks buddy. if u dont mind i want to ask some questions abt gbp/jpy 15min strategy about some indicators on vt charts. i am new to ff as well as trading and i know i am putting silly questions but this is the only way to learn from learned guys like u. awaiting for yr reply

regards

kenneith

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Go ahead kenneith, but I hope you have looked at the 15m strategy thread itself first.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
thanks again. i hv looked at the strategy but the problem is that i am unable to find following:

Level stop Reverse version2

values: ATR Periods 9

ATR Multiplier 3

finally QQE alert

values: Smoothing Factor 60.

i am using vt charts and i tried to find there but i couldnt.

i couldnt get it from aus's thread as i am using windows vista probably that could be the reason i couldnt find the file.

please advise.

regards

kenneith

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Karmo

still awiting for yr reply as i couldnt manage to find it anywhere.

regards

kenneith

--- 帖子 #160 ---
hi,

i would like to know how do you manage to set up different colours for fibo retracements on chart, within MT4

thanks ,

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Draw the fibo retracement, then double click on it, then right click and choose 'fibo properties', and change the color, click ok

--- 帖子 #162 ---
All of these are in auslanco's 15m strategy thread, look in the first pages, the indicators are there, you might just have to adjust the values only.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
add the fib to your chart

once added, place you cursor over it and it will give you a fib number.

right click on chart and open object list

find fib, usually if it's the last item you have added it will be near the bottom of the list.

click on fib number and select edit, you will then be able to change the colours, common tab and fibo levels both have there own colour options.

you can also change the line thickness

see how you get on

--- 帖子 #164 ---
oh thank you very much

actually, i wanted for a log time to get this, and today, i get it by myself immediately after posting for a help.

i set into tool options to display properties immediately after creating an object.

your method works too but right clicking on the diagonal fibo not on the levels

take care

--- 帖子 #165 ---
It's been a while since I talked about my lovely fibs..

From the last move up on 4h chart, you can see the price retraced 50% and went back up to 23.6% and now it's back close to 50% again. I still believe there is one more push up left to 240.50 area before the major reversal most of us are waiting for.

http://img514.imageshack.us/img514/2269/1hbe8.gif

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hey Karmo. there are just a few hours remaining to the end of the week and I can see the possibility of a "doji" candle forming on the GBPJPY weekly chart. Is this a sign of a pending major reversal or a sign that this pair is just beginning to loose its bullish steam? On the daily chart I also see that 239.60ish has been a tough one to crack.

Any new suggestions on what to expect in the next coming days?

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hi

I like to thank every participant for his support to this thread--- Your help is needed-- I installed the indicator ZUP V67.... but It didn't open when I tried to use it on my chart--- Could somebody helps me in what to do to make this indicator working--Thanks

--- 帖子 #168 ---
You have to allow dll imports for the indicator to work. And if you recognise the fib numbers while observing divergences you will have a high probabilty trade. Else you may end up your sl being hit most of the time. therefore just don't rely only on this indicator to trade imo.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
i have also explained this on auslanco's thread: if you look at weekly chart, the last high (240.66) was not that close to a fib ratio (i wanted to see either 0.618, or 0.707/0.786, not the plain 0.67 that is now). this suggests the move up is not over yet.

the dip we have just seen it is mostly a retracement, and it looks like it has come to and end. i thought it would be over at 235.90, but it wasn't; so i'm waiting to see what's going on at 234.43... and if this one is broken, then 232.96 (it is possible... but in this chart configuration, unlikely).

next move should be up, to somewhere between 238 to 239; i would think it should go higher, to 241.76 or 244.27, to close the weekly fib. and then big time drop... or up again.

how am i doing, karmo?

--- 帖子 #170 ---
It seems the majority are having the bear fever for this week and they could be correct, but I don't have that fever yet. On the daily chart, after the price reached the 61.8% which we have been waiting for, it was rejected and price has come back down to the 50% (235.20). If we draw a new fibo (green) from the last bull-run from the breakout we had 2 weeks ago, the 50% fibo is right on the daily one and price is current around there, but it could still dip to 61.8% (233.90) area before bouncing back up and most probably going to 243.50 area. Remember, if we get a sell-off or panic selling then everything I just said is useless, so just be careful and don't jump the gun, have patience and wait for confirmation before pulling the trigger, good luck.

http://img235.imageshack.us/img235/7804/gjsi4.gif

--- 帖子 #171 ---
I hope everyone had a good weekend, and ready to grab more pips from the beast

Daily chart:

Here's a simple looking daily chart with 2 trendlines and a fibo retracement, you can see we have been bouncing off those fibo levels and trendlines, price is close to the 50% level, which way are we going next? hmm It can go either way and a breakout should happen soon (this week maybe), so keep your eyes on the chart and don't miss out on the fun

http://img137.imageshack.us/img137/2935/gjeb3.gif

4H chart:

Ok, let's look at the recent fall we had from 240 area to the 230 area, the price has retraced 50% and then back down to 23.6%, now we're back up close to 50%, what's next? The chart says it all, a breakout should be coming up soon this week.

http://img99.imageshack.us/img99/4307/gjce0.gif

--- 帖子 #172 ---
1H chart:

Breakout soon..

http://img70.imageshack.us/img70/906/gjqc5.gif

--- 帖子 #173 ---
GJ should be heading towards the bottom of this uptrend channel (235 area), and then possible resuming uptrend towards 238 area.. but we'll have to see if the lower trendline supports or not. I'm short from 236.60 with SL at +1 already.

http://img222.imageshack.us/img222/9889/gjax8.gif

--- 帖子 #174 ---
karmo why ur not posting anymore on this thread ?

thank u

--- 帖子 #175 ---
ow..this thread is almost dead!

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Hammm Good Work im also a Technical trader and im trading using just Trendlines of all kind , Fibo , Channels and sometimes support and resistance thats all and successfully getting good pips anyways i like your technical approach

--- 帖子 #177 ---
I dont know how others draw trendlines channels etc , etc but i,ll post some examples of my charts screenshots im having some problems right now while posting them

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Welcome Back

I read on another thread that you now have a significant other.

I would appreciate it very much as I am sure others reading this very informative thread for some updates including your charts.

I am about to start trading GBP/JPY in 2008 and any technical insight is greatly appreciated as I am a fundamental FX trader.

Thank you and Happy New Year

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Price seems to be heading to the support area of 223.70 but before it gets there we could see some kind of small retracement first. If that support gets broken, then we should be seeing 222. I expect good support in the 222-223 area because we have a monthly trendline there also.

http://img179.imageshack.us/img179/4774/gjwh3.gif

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Karmo, do you see this thing heading to the much anticipated 230-232 level that a lot of ppl have been talking about? I am just curious with some much talk of about it some times rumours can mislead newbies

--- 帖子 #181 ---
In terms of picking a time frame for direction, larger time frame usually trumps smaller one; basically you have to trade when both time frames are going in same direction.Without proper money management, you WILL blow your account orsuffer serious drawdowns as you mentioned.  If you're still thinking in terms of "double my account vs. blowing it", you will blow it sooner rather than later.  I would humbly recommend trading less of your account and/or using tighter stops to protect your capital.  PROTECT YOUR CAPITAL AT ALL COSTS!!!In forex, you have to think 3 steps forward, 2 steps back, always...You should NEVER risk blowing your account on 1 or even several trades in a row.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Since I trade medium term now (weeks), I look at weekly/daily charts and trade, so here's my analysis of GJ. IMO a good retracement is due, atleast to the famous 50% which is 223, where a strong support was broken and never tested again, so it should be a very strong resistance now. The weekly QQE is also at the bottom of it's range, very very close to oversold area. I like to keep things simple and stupid.

http://img143.imageshack.us/img143/2071/gjvx0.gif

--- 帖子 #183 ---
You may be keeping it simple and clean, but it is far from being stupid. I would say "brilliant". I like how you pointed out how that 223-224 (at the 50 fib area) . . strong support and never tested then act as resistence.

Makes sense to me.

Good work, Thanks.

Jim

--- 帖子 #184 ---
It's always great to see your analysis Karmostaji

--- 帖子 #185 ---
i analyzed thatGBP/JPY will reach130 by end of 2008,who will comment with me,maybe it is over for any bulls

ele

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Based on what? show me a chart/analysis or something

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Hi Greengrog.

Can you show me how to do it? I still try to figure out how to get the price near levels.

Thanks.

Forex Star.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hallo Karmostaji!

I am with you on the retracement. Maybe I will bail out with my profits a bit earlier, but I will surely have the patience to see the little butterfly take off. In fact the pattern is so large, that I had to get the compression up to make it digestable.

Let's see when it comes to its fruition!

See ya!

Gnat

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I have seen this bullish pattern for several weeks now and it is not an ideal pattern but I still keep it at the back of my mind, a good retracement is due IMO.

Patience

--- 帖子 #190 ---
We just got a 4H candle breakout from the downward channel we've been in for several weeks, things are looking great

http://img106.imageshack.us/img106/9639/gjfz9.gif

--- 帖子 #191 ---
why not. my dad use to mint cable. were you one of his staff?

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Hallo Karmostaji!

Here we have a possible messenger for the retracement that the GBPJPY loves as an interlude! And the upward move was really very nice and rewarding! Closed just 30 min. ago

Greetz!

Gnat

Sorry: Mistake in the snapshot - last formation was a butterfly too. Looking strange!

--- 帖子 #193 ---
It is indeed more of an ideal pattern and I'm trading it, good luck Gnat

--- 帖子 #194 ---
My view of GJ hasn't changed, I still thinking we will see 217 and if we are lucky, we might see 223 area before resuming downwards again.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
I still stand with the same view and here's an updated weekly chart.

http://img89.imageshack.us/img89/9297/gjeq6.gif

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Hi Karmo and all,

I'm a new comer on you thread, I love drawaing fib too

I can write much, because i'm still in learning of english

here is my fib on GBPJPY daily chart.
http://img352.imageshack.us/img352/8...0222qc8.th.png

this week the beast closed near february open.

stoch 533 pointing up

fib ext 1.618(Fib b on my chart) is my target.

any comment are very very welcome.

Metto.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
here is fib cluster on weekly chart

again any comment are very welcome.
http://img402.imageshack.us/img402/7...0080222vx8.png

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Price is currently retracing from it's last move down, I believe the retracement might be over at 50% (208.47) or 61.8% (209.65) before it starts the next leg down towards the the monthly 50% (199.63), but I'm waiting for confirmation from the new weekly momentum, I'll confirm it once I get it.

http://img248.imageshack.us/img248/8443/gjjx9.gif

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Hi Karmo,

Can you pls provide me the details on the 3 colored waves, Green, red and black. Can you pls provide the MA details on same ?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Hi webstakes,

sure..

Green MA,

Period: 50

Method: Exponential

Apply to: Close

Red MA,

Period: 200

Method: Exponential

Apply to: Close

Black MA,

Period: 100

Method: Simple

Apply to: Close

These are MA's that 'Hakuna_Matata' used in his method, I've been using it and they've proved to be great S/R levels

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Nice analysis.

I agree 100% .

--- 帖子 #202 ---
I like to keep it simple, hopefully no surprises from the Fed and his gang.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
why there is momentum indicator added in your chart..?

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Great thread

I like simple analysis.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
As long as price is above the 4H Gann hilo, bulls are in control for now.

I'm waiting for the new weekly momentum, we'll get it in a couple of hours.

4H chart

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Hey karmo, Just an observation and question to consider. Could the the retrace already be fullfilled to the 38.2 ? Could the weight of the down trend be so great that it could only retrace partially to the 50fib, which was only 60 pips away?

--- 帖子 #208 ---
It is very much possible, I'll hold onto my longs until I see a 4H candle and 4H QQE cross down because that will signal that the next down leg is starting. I'm also expecting the new weekly momentum to be very bearish and we could see 199 area easily, I'll wait and not jump the gun yet.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Yeah, I just saw your post after I posted mine. Waiting for the market to give up more "tells".

Thanks, karmo.

Jim

--- 帖子 #210 ---
On the 4H chart, price is still in this bullish channel, if we break to the downside, we will also have the 4H gann and QQE to cross down, so basically we'll be getting 2 confirmations of downward movement coming up, until then have some patience and relax

--- 帖子 #211 ---
They line up nicely. Could be a great buying opportunity. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Ok, very interesting stuff!

New weekly momentum is VERY BULLISH, opposite what I was expecting so we have to be very careful.. keep an eye on the Daily gann, if price breaks above and closes above then we are going much higher, I'll figure out later where price might go (falling asleep here it's 4am lol)

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Ok I just drew a new fibo on the weekly and the 50% is at 217, this number keeps coming back to me lol, who knows.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Salaam Karmo,

Thanks for your GJ review. It's good that you continue to post again in your thread. At least now, I know where I can find your useful analyzes.

Best Wishes

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Price testing lower trendline and 205.85 is a good S/R area.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Took a small long position at the 205.75.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
It should start heading back up once Frankfurt + London open, I don't see enough momentum for it to drop a lot more.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Sounds good to me. I plan on adding to the position at a nice break of the 205.90.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Yeah my friend maybe ... good ready to see.. a nice price to entry.. long post

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Also the PPI data out tonight should show inflation and will be GBP bullish but they will probably take GBPUSD down to take out the stops below. We know the drill right?

GBPJPY should go up after the news.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
since momentum is extremely bullish, I'm concentrating more on the bulls for now. A daily close above 209.50 which is the Daily gann hilo will be great for the bulls, here's a chart..

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Jarroo once said "Price is News, News is Price"

--- 帖子 #223 ---
That's right , except for the 1st Friday of the month.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
What do you think of this?
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...0582&page=1674

It coincides with your trades right?

--- 帖子 #225 ---
The Daily gann hilo also coincides with the Daily trendline and the Daily 50ema, so the 209.50 is a very important and strong area, it will be a do or die mission for the bulls if price gets there, if they don't break it then price will fall the same way it did last time it went up to 213 area. here's the daily TL

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Yes, 209.50 is the area, either breaks it or a big bounce off it, since weekly momentum is very bullish I'd expect it to break but we have to wait and see.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Nice Daily Pin Bar on the USDJPY, at a trend line. Let's see if it proves true.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
205.45 has a S/R history

--- 帖子 #229 ---
hope you right, but it's not the nicest pinbar I've seen ;-)

--- 帖子 #230 ---
but yea, probably true!!

--- 帖子 #231 ---
We'll see. Only time will tell. There is usually a retrace on higher time framed Price Action.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Adjusted the bullish channel a little, it's looking much better n clearer now.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
hey karmo i just wanted to apologize for being a jerk to you earlier...hopefully we can both make money together and forget about what happened..

--- 帖子 #234 ---
I always forget n forgive, welcome to the thread & enjoy

--- 帖子 #235 ---
thanks man...so in your analysis you see this going to 209.50 today or just eventually this week?

--- 帖子 #236 ---
There's nothing wrong with contradictory comments, just so long you back it up with analysis and a chart or two. We are all friends here, my brother.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
If there are no surprises, we should see 50% (208.50) today/tomorrow

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Add at 205.90. Let's see what happens.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
New 4H momentum is bullish

--- 帖子 #240 ---
I got a clear path to 207.00. I don't see anything in the way.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Karmo:

It is been a plasure to read your analysis as allways. Plase keep this thread open and informed. I have learn a lot from you. TY very much bro.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
We are all here to learn, no problemo oscarfrx

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Hello Karmo and all

I am very interested in your analyses Karmo...thanks for sharing it with us.

I am trading mainly EJ at the moment but a lot of what you say can apply to that pair too.

Please tell me what sort of initial stop size you use ? and what TF do  you use for entry?

thanks

take care

kim

--- 帖子 #244 ---
hi karmo

thanks for sharing this information .

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Hai Karmo.., you are doing well on long term analysis on this pair. I'm newbie and used to trade on this pair. I hope i can learn a lot from this thread especially on long term analysis. Thanks and God Luck.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
I use no SL at the beginning, most of the time I enter a trade in the direction of the Daily TF trend and whenever the trades goes my way about 100 pips, I lock in profits and then just let it run. I use the 1H TF for entry.

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
4H Bollinger bands indicate that a breakout is going to occur today/tomorrow and price is still trading in the bullish channel.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
hi karmo

what s going on ? what s the reson of this movment?

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Both trades when great. One was half 75 pip - half b/e. The other 40 pips - half b/e.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Perfect setup short : Price Action, Gann, trendline break, break of the QQE 50 level.

DBHLC:

--- 帖子 #251 ---
or a pin bar shaping??

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Is it because the RICS house price balance will be released in 7 hours time? I found b4 the British news release, G/J down; b4 Japan news release, G/J up.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
You have to wait (paitence) for the close on the candle to determine Price Action. The DBHLC has been determined.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
What is DBHLC ?

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Double Bar High Lower Close. Its a bearish Price Action formation.

Learn more here:http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=2331

You'll be glad you did.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Thanks Jarroo... Another tons of information to read   Does it mean - two candles with the same highs and second candle closes lower than first one ?   Ps. Why did you highlighted 3 candles ?

--- 帖子 #257 ---
The best case is the Highs are the same, but they seem to work if they are close within 20-30 pips. I didn't mean to highlight 3 candles, sorry.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Thanks Jarroo.

I will have my 4H candle close in 1h 15m and if by that time we will be in the same place as now would you recomend to go short ?

We are below gann, QQE will be crossed.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Tough to say, I enter at 205.09 - the low of the DBHLC. May be if it retraces back to 205.00 it could be a nice short trade.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
I just got back home and it seems the breakout happened to the downside, always be ready to adapt to any situation

Lemme check the charts.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Price has broken to the downside but we have some support beneath where price is now.. so

Weekly S1 @ 204

Monthly S1 @ 203.55

If price breaches these 2, we will see new low's but if price closes above the 1H gann and QQE crosses upwards, then we'll climb back up to 206-207 area.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
I just drew a new trendline (red) and price seems to be bouncing off it, I don't know if price is really respecting that or not, but keep an eye on it.
http://img375.imageshack.us/img375/1220/gjcq5.gif

--- 帖子 #263 ---
I enjoy the thread. Thanks for all to the input. Where can I go to download the Gann and QQE indicators that all of you mention? TKS

--- 帖子 #264 ---
hope these are the most recent versions, Karmo will let us know but they work for me.

Attached File(s)   ###Gann_HiLo_Activator_v2###.ex4

2 KB
|
519 downloads

Attached File(s)   ###QQE_Alert_MTF_v5###.ex4

19 KB
|
518 downloads

Attached File(s)   ###Momentum###.ex4

2 KB
|
594 downloads

--- 帖子 #265 ---
How do i save them and what file do you use to do it?

--- 帖子 #266 ---
we trade with a very similar way i just dont use Fibo... to many lines confuses me i like to keep it as simple as possible . Keep up the GOOD WORK you got a great thread with very useful info going on !!!

sorry i mean Karmo!!

--- 帖子 #267 ---
save them to your MT4 expert/indicator folder (this is my location C:\Program Files\MetaTrader 4\experts\indicators), restart your mt4 platform and they will be at the top of your custom indicator list in the navigator window.

if your navigator window is not showing, go to view and click it, it will pop up at either the left side or bottom of your platform area.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Good post MPP, thanks for helping out the newbie's

--- 帖子 #269 ---
lol calm down JK, Fibo is a great magic tool once you know how to use it properly

Keep checking the analysis and you'll find out the beauty of fibo with this beast.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
New Daily momentum on VT is bearish

Daily Gann moved down to 208

we could see a retest of the low at 203

--- 帖子 #271 ---
you might be right (dont take me wrong i am not saying not to use it its just confuses me personally) just getting mix up with my lines and loosing focus of my plan....like them naked the way stripers do so you can see the real bodies how they  look

thank you thou the true is that i  never really got into analyzing fibo and the benefits of it!

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Took half off with 102 pips other half at b/e. What a great day.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Nice one jarroo

Price still has room to retest the low and maybe make a new low at 203 but if GU wants to tank more then I don't know.

The DOW also shows very bullish weekly momentum, I don't know what's up with these very bullish weekly momentums, is it trying to fool me or they're going to play out during/end of the week and surprise everyone..

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Thanks, Karmo. The momentum analysis has me still baffled, but I trust yours and Aus anayisis on it. It has proven true for you in the past.

You may have noticed on my chart that I have added the gann hilo and QQE. This is out of respect for your thread and I may just use it as a confirmation (dare I say) indicator.

Jim

--- 帖子 #275 ---
GU wants to go down, UJ is like on hold but momentum for UJ is bullish..

I don't know if the monster in UJ is going to suddenly wake up and eat everyone alive or what LOL (it's 2:22 am forgive me)

Good stuff, QQE and the gann are great indicators once you get used to them but always keep in mind that they can also give fake signals at times, that's why I use other stuff so I get confirmations from 2-3 different places and then come to a conclusion.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Price bouncing off weekly s1 for now, if we get a 1H QQE cross and candle close above the gann, I'll add a long to my positions.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
If anything, I have found that the QQE and Gann helps determine the overall trend. I have been looking at Price Action signals with the trend for high probability trades. Today's DBHLC is a perfect example. (Downtrend; bearish Price Action). However, Price Action has proven itself as good trend reversal formations. (e.g., Pin Bars)

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Here's another thing I like to watch, harmonic patterns.

We currently have a bullish butterfly on 1H TF (not a perfect one, but it's valid)

Targets are the fib lines, as you all know 50% is the favorite.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
That's true, they do indeed.

At the end of the day, Price Action is king no doubt about it.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Alert commentery on forex - Watch for verbal Intervention

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Please explain???

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Double bottom @ 203.50 ?

It sure does look like it, and price is trading above the 1H gann hilo, waiting 7 more mins for it to close there and then launch a long

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Hourly candle closed above the Gann hilo, momentum slightly bearish indicating a retracement to the 1H 5sma, that's where I'll launch my long.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
lol you should but actually I took mine a bit earlier

but according to aus's method, you would wait for 1H retracement to 5sma or 30m if trend is too strong, you just need to check the momentum at the beginning of the candle and be able to read it just by looking at the angle of it.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Oh yeah, I remember. I deleted my dumb question.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
no question is a dumb one, so ask anything you wish my friend

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Wow, look at it go. I'll wait for the retrace to the 5 sma.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
The bears must have exusted their fuel by now on GJ. Even if the Japanies govt fails to intervene, sentiment of traders will push up the pair. Moreso,

the pair is already oversold. Am already long on the pair since it failed to break its low on the 3rd of March(daily chart).

--- 帖子 #289 ---
hi karmo

what do you think about gj in this situation ?

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Longs should be good until 4H Gann hilo (btw it will update in 10 mins), then we have to see if price can close above it.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Right!! , feel so frastrated that i closed my longs at 204.25 ur patience won again, iam loozer

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Relax, ..... Green pip is still Green.. dont worry about whats left on the table, Its hindsight. there is always tomorrow

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Everything is looking great, if anyone entered when the candle closed above 1H gann then you should be up +150 pips by now

4H candle closes in 40 mins, let's see if it closes above the 4H gann

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Karmo, what is the upper limit for this trend.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
4H 50ema @ 206.60

I'm waiting for new 4H momentum to see if we will get any significant retrace or it'll continue upwards.

1H QQE still has room to move price upwards.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Whoever followed todays analysis should be partying now

Trading is not hard, you need discipline, patience, good MM, and a plan

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Congratulation friend...

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Congratulations,

I do follow your thoughts even if I do trade my plans

I do agree, only it takes is to find correct entry and exits once someone can be disciplined, patient and have have good MM.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Always trade your own plan, I look at everyone's thought but at the end I trade what I see and how I interpret the chart

Let's continue collecting those lovely green pips

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Karmo,

The 4hr candle didn't close above Gann hilo, and you entered when 1hr crossed it. Why? Based on expirience or some addition to Aus system?

tHANK You!

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Price reached a strong support (203.50) and 1H QQE was touching oversold (30 area), those were signs of a temporary bottom but I waited for 1H QQE to cross n candle to close above the gann for confirmation before pulling the trigger.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Karmo,

So we really don't have to always check the 4hr chart, and only base entry on 1hr Aus setup plus a few more indicators?

Thank you,

I'm learning the Aus princip

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Not always because sometimes the 1H QQE can give you a false signal so you have to be careful. It will depend on the situation at the time.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
great analysis karmo, Im learning live trading from you, thanks a lot.

Whats next?

price reached 207.50 resistance, so probably it will stall.

However, on 4H, price just makes a candle above Gann, which should give bulls more strength, and QQE also is crossing upwards, but still under 50. Momentum strongly pointing up.

On 1H, we have a bit bearish momentum, indicating a retracement to a fib level of the last wave, maybe 206 or 1H Gann at 205.50.

I suppose 205.50 would be a good place to buy.

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Everything is looking bullish at the moment, if the day ends around here or so, most probably I'll be buying dips.

I closed a couple of longs here just to take some off the table and buy at lower prices.

Let's see what the momentum has got to tell us, new 4H momentum in 45 mins.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Sounds good, but I'll wait for the new 4H candle before I update my analysis

--- 帖子 #307 ---
New 4H momentum is bullish but the candle couldn't close above the 4H 50ema again, so we might go back down to low 205's (61.8% of todays bull-run) before we get another push up.

Things are a bit mixed at the moment, but watch for 1H/4H Gann hilo to provide support.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Excellent, as always, Karmo. I was going to take the retrace to the 5 sma on the hourly right after Price move above the gann, but I didn't, when to sleep instead. And is it always the case, Price moves nearly 300 pips .

Great work again.

Jim

--- 帖子 #309 ---
karmo, fell so idiotical now, that i lost so good positsion for long fell now as a real noob

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Sleep comes before pips, so no worries my friend

--- 帖子 #311 ---
It happens to all of us so don't feel lonely, we learn from our mistakes. Take a bit of time and think about what you did and what happened today, realize your mistakes and think of how you can avoid them next time.

Basically analyze yourself

--- 帖子 #312 ---
karmo look at this charts , what do u think

Today:
http://lidpluss.com/fx/031108-3.jpg

In Jan.
http://lidpluss.com/fx/031108-2.jpg

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Karm,looks like the daily candle get through the gann line(but we need a new daily candle to open above it).At 207.70 on 4h we have 100 ema(maybe it should play a though resistance area) and the 1h qqe looks overbought!Maybe a retracement soon to the 1h gann?!How do u think?

--- 帖子 #314 ---
New daily momentum is very bullish and the daily gann is just above, if tomorrow's candle closes above the daily gann then say hello to 213.50 and then 217

Remember also that the weekly momentum was extremely bullish!

--- 帖子 #315 ---
very true. So I suppose the retracement before the resuming of the upward move should be shallow, since even the momentum on 1H is bullish-flat, but not pointing down. I expect a reversal to 206.50 bf upward moving resumes.

Edit: Moreover, yesterday candle makes a perfect DBLHC with friday, it comes right after support, so if this baby doesnt go up today, it means that i waste my time on forex.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Jerry, I want you to read some thing that is rather long but will be well worth your time. It's from the James16 chart thread, by a guy named "the wizard".

I read it from time to time. It's excellent and could change your trading mind for the better.

http://forexfactory.com/showpost.php...postcount=3504

Jim

--- 帖子 #317 ---
My strategy for tomorrow is to buy any dip, simple

--- 帖子 #318 ---
thx i'll

--- 帖子 #319 ---
I reckon this should retrace at least 80pips down to pick up steam for a ride up to 209.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
How pretty is this DBLHC at a S/R level. Gann and QQE looking good.

If this doesn't screams long, I don't know what does.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
the 4H 50ema has turned into support, as long as price trades above it, we go UP

I hope someone bought that dip yesterday, I was asleep lol

--- 帖子 #322 ---
I miss that too. Do you foresee another dip? Usually Price Action on higher time frames (although not lately) retraces into the pattern. Fib retracements are a good guide.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
at the moment the 4H momentum is very bullish, pointing straight up, new momentum in an hour.

If you plot a 4H 50ema, you see price bounced off that, I don't know if it'll bounce again.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
There's also a bit of resistance around 208.00-.30

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Here are my S/R levels.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
New 4H momentum remains very bullish

--- 帖子 #327 ---
we are above 1H Gann again, thanks god  200 ema seems to be good support on 1 Hour as well, but the resistance at 207.70 which is actually daily R1 still plays tough to break. And europeans dont seem very aggressive buyers today.

However, as far as I remember, the more time price spends around a level, the more likely to break it. If we break below 206 (daily PP), I will reconsider my bullish approach.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
New 4H momentum remains bullish but 1H is bearish, we could see a 50% retracement of the big bull run from 203.50

50% retracement is 205.75 where we also have the 4H Gann, I expect price to bounce back up from there.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
my daily chart show some room & gj may go up to 50% or 61.8%.  gu daily chart show a bigest posibility to see down move next days. that will prevent gj from posibility to go up to much. that is what I see on the charts...

any comments are well come...

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Hi Karmo and everybody,

I think we are going in a new channel in the daily chart.We have to wait and see.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Price retraced down near the 38 fib of the DBLHC. This time I caught it at 206.50. Longs may be strong and not reach the 50 fib retrace.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
this hrly candle is not looking very healthy. 3 min to go .

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Took 45 pips half and half b/e. Maybe it will now hit the 50 fib of 205.60ish.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Price is here at the 4H gann and close to 50%, but the new 4H momentum is bearish so it might go to 61.8% (205.24) before resuming upwards.

New daily momentum in 50 mins, will update again.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
New daily momentum remains bullish, so I'll buy dips and once the 1H QQE crosses upwards n candle closes above, longs should be safe.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Thanks, Karmo. I think I'm starting to understand this approach.

It's important to determine the momentum at the very start of the hour (e.g., 4 hour,8 hour, Daily, etc.). For example, determine momentum at 5:01. Not 5:07 or 5:37, but only at 5:01. Correct?

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Correct, right at the beginning of the candle because otherwise as price moves, the momentum will start to move which is not helpful then.

Right at the beginning of the candle is the important part.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Price went to 61.8% and also bouncing off 205 support level.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
I'll never doubt the power of the 50 fib (and/or 62 fib) on the GBPJPY again.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Already penetrated bro low now is 204.97 I think 203.70 will do 'til tom for this currency pair...

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Penetrated, not broken. My point is that GBPJPY respects these levels.

Now if it breaks the 62 fib I agree we could be heading to 203 land.

--- 帖子 #342 ---
ok here's my trade call position short @ 205.93 tp 203.70 sl 206.40 risk a little rewards a lot let's see how it goes......

PS: Just an info and not a reco!

--- 帖子 #343 ---
The thing is that UY is penetrating the last low right now. if its gonna drop even further, GY might resume its downtrend. The damn FED policies were useless.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
I was going through various forums in Forex Factory and finally liked your style of trading especially with Fibonacci as I am a great fan of FIBS. I was demo trading for the past couple of months with good results and today I was expecting it to retrace to 50% and infact placed an order at 50%. But when I saw your call that it might go to 61.8%, I moved my order back to 205.19 and it bounced back and closed my trade with a 65 PIP profit. I know it will go up, but I don't have the patience like you.

I have a question though. How did you predict that it might go up to 61.8%?

I really appreciate your thought process and keep up the good work as people like me would like your inputs all the time.

P.S. What is your secret for your patience pill?

--- 帖子 #345 ---
You may want to take the time and read this thread from the beginning. Its not that long. You'll be glad you did.

The secret to taking the patience pills: Practise.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Thanks Jarroo for the reply and I am reading this thread and bobokus fibonacci trading to get a hand on fibs.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Done and done........I love GBP/JPY Market!  223 pips not bad huh

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Nice one. I took the break of the 205.24. (62 fib)

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Likewise jarroo! Tnx a lot bro!

--- 帖子 #350 ---
having patience to see the GReen Pips grow was the hardest part. Hopefully it wont last long ...

--- 帖子 #351 ---
I'm sorry guys, I hate to be a downer, but I just do not see how that would work.

One example: Aus tried that in his blog, forecasting daily direction based on momentum. The results were simply no good and he has stopped givin this service in his blog.

R

PS. jarroo, I like your signature

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Karmo would be better to answer this. He may interpret momentum differently.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Auslanco was forecasting by using the momentum indicator only, I don't try to forecast just based on momentum and forget QQE's n Gann n others I use.

For example, today in the Asian session we had a 4H candle close below the Gann I see, that means intra-day trend changed to bearish regardless of the daily bullish momentum.

Hope that clears it a bit.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
I wasn't expecting UJ to take out the monthly support, hmm I'll wait & watch.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
I was reading the posts on page 22, and got the feeling that you pretty heavily rely on momentum in your analysis (it is the indicator you most often mention).

But that was not my point. It was that I'm just not ready to accept the claim that based on indicator movements on a very short period of time, it is possible to forecast future price movements.

Jarroo: "Thanks, Karmo. I think I'm starting to understand this approach.

It's important to determine the momentum at the very start of the hour (e.g., 4 hour,8 hour, Daily, etc.). For example, determine momentum at 5:01. Not 5:07 or 5:37, but only at 5:01. Correct?"

Karmo: "Correct, right at the beginning of the candle..."

R

--- 帖子 #356 ---
I smell blood for the "BULLS"

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Monthly S1 @ 203.55 is very strong, 4H candle couldn't close below it.

If we get 1H QQE to cross up and a candle to form above gann, I'll go long, until then I'll keep watching price action.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I've used the momentum successfully many times with other indicators, something might work for me but not someone else

Every trader must find what works for them and suits their personality.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
karmo when you say you are waiting for a candle to form above gann, Do you mean penetrate the line or an hourly close?

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Hourly close

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Karmo thanks for the reply.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
hla

what you mean the price will go up??????

--- 帖子 #363 ---
hey karmo, whats up? whats your approach on the current situation? my strategy is to do nothing for the moment, stay on the sidelines and watch. My bias is downward anyway... UY broke 100 and im sure it will go down even further, since BOJ is head-less this month.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
FXCM have this great contrarian sentiment index. They were bang on on the eurusd.

They are saying that the sentiment index is +2. somthing ( high) meaning that the majority are long.

As this is a contrarian index the usdjpy should drop below 100.

It will be interesting to watch things play out

Right now the handle on the cup and handle 60 min GJ is broken and price is moving to the down side.

The bear flag on 15 min uj is broken and moving down .

I am short gj for now with 204 and 203.5 targets.

204 / 203.5 is a support zone.

The markets were bouyed up today by standard and poor mentioning only $260 billion of debt write down so far and that should be all ( we have see the bottom of the credit crisis.).

We have not even seen 1/2 of it yet as there are great cases out there for bond companies losing AAA rating and up to $600 billion in write downs.

There are great pips to be had in these crazy volatile times both sides of the market.

I for one shall be happy for the interest rate annoucement to ocme and go next week so that the market can just get on with a nice direction , weahter it be up or down.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
1H QQE crossed up, we made a 50% retrace and then 1H QQE is crossing down now, we should see a new low today.

202.60

201.80

I have hedged my longs for now.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Yep, i know. I'm not a big fan of indicators in general... and when you just take a certain fraction of momentum data... well, it just feels a bit "odd".

BTW, have you tried to analyse other indicators in the same way as momentum (stochs, rsi)? Or is momentum "special" in this respect?

And one more comment: to find for instance early daily momentum direction, you go to shorter tfs, right?

R

--- 帖子 #367 ---
We got a candle below the 1H gann but the QQE has been going sideways instead of crossing downwards.

Important news in 10 mins, it should tell us the direction for the day.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
No, I haven't tried it with any other indicator,  but the momentum is special to me.

I always keep the daily momentum at the back of my head but trade mostly based on 4H charts, sometimes 1H for entry.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Karmo, What's your feeling or position right now. Do you still think we will see a new low today?

--- 帖子 #370 ---
We saw a new low and that was caused by news, Fridays are always crazy.

The rest of the day will depend on the DOW, I'm done for today.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
where i can find the setting of the QQe of aus for i hr and 4hr.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
I posted this on March 9th, and my analysis was spot on!

But sometimes we human think we can be smarter than the market and then the market kicks our butts, well I got mine bruised a bit lol.

I'm here to learn and I learned several lessons this week, looking forward to next week

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Karmo, this pair loves that 50 fib, as you point out day after day. Now do we bounce up and back to the 38 fib (211.77) or do we go down to test the 61 fib (187.49).

Maybe this pair is always searching for a 50 fib level, we just have to figure out which time frame she favors. I mean, now that she satisfied the monthly 50 fib, maybe she'll now go and satisfy the weekly 50 fib retrace to 255.47. I'm just thinking out loud.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
The 50% is a magnet for the beast, but it seems to have more room to go down, if you want to go long for long-term and aim for the weekly 50% fib, I would wait for a daily close above 50ema and daily QQE to cross above & candle to close above daily gann.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
I agree, Karmo. All indications you mentioned are showing that the Monthly 62 fib (187.49) is possible. I'm starting to use that gann/qqe for trend direction. I'm liking it.

I was just trying to get in to the mind of the beast, if she has one. LOL

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Karo or jarroo could you tell me how to obtain the Gann and QQE file and then how do i get them on my chart. I'm not the most computer savvy guy and tend to need some help. I also really appreciate this thread and find it very helpful. Thanks for all the input guys.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Karmo-- sorry

--- 帖子 #378 ---
hi to u i am greeting u

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Here are Gann and QQE files. Go to your metatrader folder and open the expert folder. In there, you'll see the indicators folder, open that up and place the indictors in there. Then restart your metatrader.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Ok i have the the files saved to my desk top. Do you mean the expert advisor file in the navigator dropdown? tks!!

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Complete and utter bollox. 'Trendlines'. 'Channels'. What bloody nonsense. They only exist in your vivid imaginations. Look backwards and you can see anything you want. Sadly Forex moves forwards not backwards.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Anyone who would like to see my "serving" to dr_who is welcome to visit my thread located in my signature file. Post #253 and #254. I am willing to bet I will never here from him.

Keep up the good work guys

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Hi Karmo,

Thanx for this informative thread, just read through the all thread and will always be back for more great chart analysises and the beast called GBP/JPY,also will like to say thanx to Jarro for taking time to reply and answer newbies questions.

I have a newbie question and I hope you guys can help, like PJkiller Im having problem uploading those indications to my Metatrader4 platform,I have saved it on my system as Target so what Im doing wrong or maybe I should ask what am I not doing right?

Thanx and great thread, keep it up Karmo.

jaggarmc

--- 帖子 #384 ---
This should help.

http://video.google.com/videoplay?do...arch&plindex=2

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Jarroo  thank you for all the help and the link. I have it now!!!

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Thanks jarroo for helping the newbie's out

--- 帖子 #387 ---
big jaroo, how can i save the video for future refference

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Thanx Jarro,

I have it now and I am learning everyday, so back to more reading and studying.

Keep up the great work guys.

jaggarmc

--- 帖子 #389 ---
I already gave you a warning guys! Monday is another day to massacre those who have left their long positions open 195 will do next week "look south before north" only "divine intervention" will save this pair my overall target is 180.

Just an info and not a reco!

--- 帖子 #390 ---
I happen to be long . Things look grim, however isn't the Japanese tax year comming soon, that would theoretically strenghten JPY?

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Gimp not sure what price you went long at ... but here is what I am thinking may happen.

The pair might bounce into 38.2% fib of move 207.95 to 199.90 zone onto 203 forming a bear flag.  This is the top of the lienar regression channel. The fact that price is so far under its 10 sma , this is likely to happen as the 10 sma acts as a magnet to price.

Now if the channel remains intact the price will come back down into 127 % fib extension at 199.06 , but more likely the bottom of the channel and 161.8% fe at 197.

Time targets :

203 : overnight Sunday / Monday pacific standard

197: March 18th ( chart show march 16th but i have to add 2 day because of no weekend trading for forecasting)

Time forecasting works by looking back at historical trend line slopes and applying simple geometry.

In my gbpjpy scalper forum  I nailed eurcad target of 1.5500 to the day using this exact tehcnique shown in the chart below. That was a sweet 700 pip trade this month .

It is just simple geometry and some assumptions..

Now if the  channel is broken to the upside then the plan will have to be reconsidered, however as you are in a long it would be going in your favour.

The other secanrio is that on open today it just drops 300 pips in no time and has NO retrace.  The chances of this are slim . but if it does I would just cut the loss ( my stops for swing trading gbpjpy on a 2 hour are 200 pips)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Looking at possible S/R levels.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Monthly GBPJPY

--- 帖子 #394 ---
My monthly .. that rejectiong of 78.6 % fe was major , 1st target 191 ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #395 ---
192.65 target on monthly

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Price Action on the Weekly: DBHLC (Bearish)

--- 帖子 #397 ---
M sorry gimp but the market is now doing @ 199.10 new low.....

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Thanks for all the replys. Just closed my long and the beast dropped another 60pips . Guess I'll be on the sidelines for a while, to see where it's heading.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
No doubt still heading towards south 198.50 new low once again.....

--- 帖子 #400 ---
It's the tax year that is excellerating the drop, the Yen is being pulled back for the accounting period, mid april will see the run up start again as the money flows back in.

Watch AJ also as i feel this is the pair that will see most yen investment due to the now increasing interest rate difference and the fallen rates in the UK

just my view

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Monthly GBPJPY

--- 帖子 #402 ---
What a drop!!

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Possible S/R level 193.50

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Try the fact that JP Morgan has boughr out bear Stearns for $2 per share . Their stocvk was $30 oin Friday.

Also try thet fact that Goldman Sachs have 3 billion i credit write downs

That is all over the news tonight

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Price Action on the 4 hour: Inside Bar and DBHLC.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Now that i have the Gann Line and the QQE how are they to be used?

--- 帖子 #407 ---
More info you can find here: http://www.pnwenterprises.com/auslanco/

This forum is full of all kinds of information, you need to learn how to search it. Take the time and learn how.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Tks  Jarroo I have it saved. You have been a big help. I'm not the most computer savvy but I can read a chart. Took over 385 pips from Sun - Today. Just have to build on consistency now.. Tks again.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
did everyone on this thread go on vacation?

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Price Action and S/R Levels. I am now using the Gann hi/lo (10) and QQE (5) for trend direction. When using Price Action with the trend the higher the probablity these trades become. Meaning : Bullish Price Action in an uptrend. Bearish Price Action in a downtrend.

Daily, 4 hour and hourly: Gann and QQE bearish. QQE on the hourly was bullish but bearish on the 4 hour.

Only taking the bottom of this Inside Bar (candle) on the 4 hour.

Enter short at 194.50 Result half at +153 pips other half +71 pips.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
4 hour Inside Bar. Entered short at 193.66. Result loss -75 pips.

4 hour gann and QQE: bearish

1 hour gann choppy and 1 hour QQE bullish.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Price Action same Inside Bar. Entered 194.89, top of Inside Bar.

4 hour gann: Bearish. QQE turning Bullish.

1 hour: (almost perfect Aus Strategy), Gann turns bullish. QQE bullish.

Result. Exited whole position before news for +463 pips

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Current Price Action and S/R level.: Inside Bar 4 hour.

Daily and 4 hour gann Bearish. QQE neutral but below the 50 line.

1 hour at the gann and S/R level of 196.69. QQE neutral but below the 50 line.

I will only take the break on the bottom of the Inside Bar at 195.57.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
1 hour gann turned bullish. May take a hard break long off the S/R level of 196.69 with a tight s/l.

Higher time frames still bearish.

Update: Price broke the 196.69 and then fell back. Weak break for long trade. I need a strong break to go long.

No entry long.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Yea Hope So Bullish ...See it's 4-Hour Chart...But Im still waiting for some Important BreakUp...!!!

--- 帖子 #416 ---
i like ur technique, keep it up. Buy d way, where is Karmo. waiting 4 ur precious analyses

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Getting married. (poor guy)

--- 帖子 #418 ---
That's what I'm talking about a hard break of a S/R level. Long at 196.76.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
my triangle breakout alarm ringing, bulls may be winning here.lets see where d 1hr candle closes

--- 帖子 #420 ---
[quote=jarroo;1913872]Getting married. (poor guy)[/quot

oh i see, karmo is getting married. lots of pips to spend. Jarro, i love ur ne concept, u ve really come a long way with auslancos system. i am begining to get a hang of it also, after wathing 4hr and 1hr qqe and gann 4 a while now

--- 帖子 #421 ---
whats ur stoploss and take profit, trailing nstop am up, 45pips already

--- 帖子 #422 ---
My 1st target is half of my postion 50 to 100 pips. The other half to b/e or depending on Price Action on the hourly.

Result: half postion +96 pips. Other half move to b/e.

Pin Bar on hourly.  Price broke down from the Pin Bar and closed my b/e half at +64 pips.

Theme of my trades is to keep my loses small (or to zero) and giving my trades a chance to run for long term profits.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Break of the Inside Bar at 195.57. Enter short at 195.51.

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Confirmation on the hourly gann and QQE.

A more comfortable trade knowing that its with the overall (higher time frames) down trend.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Stop loss is at 75 pips: 196.26.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Stopped out. -75pips

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Should have taken half at 50 pip / half at break even. My fault, not the market's.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Daily Pin Bar at the 61.8 Fib. Possible short term trend reversal or long term trend continuation on GBPUSD.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Hi jarroo how you doin' bro? Well after a long holiday M still bearish on GBP/JPY and in fact I shorted the pair awhile ago @ 196.82 sl @ 198.35 (5 pips above the mar 20 high) tp 192.53 (2008 low mar 17). Let's see how it goes!

Just an info and not a reco!

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Entered long at 1.9770  S/L 1.9720.  1st target 1.9880

--- 帖子 #431 ---
based on my analyses am long 4rm 197.85 with 120pips SL, TP open

should have entered at 75, but had to wait to see price action at d daily trendline at 72. well lets see what d frankfurt and london boys bring

New 30min, 1hr and 4hr momentum pointing down, hmmmn!

--- 帖子 #432 ---
jaroo, nice trade bro. Do u use d qqes and gann 4 GU, if u do pls i would like to know what rules work 4 u. cos i know d rules 4 GJ have to be tweaked a bit to trade GU. thanks. ur trade is looking good

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Yes, I use the same rules for GU with gann and qqe. I also use Price Action as a guide force especially on higher time frame, because higher time frames Rule.

Although the gann and qqe show a down trend, the Daily Pin Bar (trend reversal formation) can not be ignored. Like Karmo, Fibs on higher time frame can show future movement.

I should have shown more patience (sorry karmo) and waited to enter at exactly 1.9757 (fib 61.8) instead of the 1.9770. Price kissed that fib and trend line on the money and started north.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
stopped out @ 198.35, -153 pips

GBP/JPY is modestly higher at the 198's after dipping to 196.80 this morning, but remains below 199.00. Further rebound through 198.35 high on Mar 20 may add some upward momentum, but inability to clear the Mar 19 reactionary high of 199.25 would keep the picture bearish even in the near term. Basically the trendline would be crossed only around 208.00 and the mid Jan - Feb congestion top around 213.50-214.00 looks heavy, and sell onto the rebound in a patient manner is needed. As Europe's conservative accounting is delaying realization of subprime loan related losses of banks in the area, pressures over the Gbp and Eur look more likely now. The headline pair Gbp/Usd's 1.9735/22 lows on Mar 20/05 are the important support that needs to hold to prevent further losses.

Just an info and not a reco!

--- 帖子 #435 ---
What do you all feel will be the outlook on a disastrous existing home sales number later today?

Will that be enough to pop the G/J out of the range to either side?  Opinions?

--- 帖子 #436 ---
closed my long at 199.30

--- 帖子 #437 ---
was actually out playing some easter soccer and monitorin quotes on my phone. all d same , its all good my set up worked. should hold it but i wont be around to monitor d trade, so i closed it

--- 帖子 #438 ---
I've locked in at break even on my 1.9770 entry. I may add to my position at on a hard break and then support of the 1.9880 (top of the Pin Bar)

4 hour chart shows a spinning top (an indecision formation). A break down at the bottom of this candle, I will take half position in profits and other half will stay at break even.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
beautiful and sweet set up there, if i had seen dat setup i would have taken dat trade even without d fib. good job bro

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Don't be quick to dismiss the Fibs. Karmo has proved their effectiveness. The important point here is that we are looking for a confluence of events to give us a high probablity trade. In this case: Price Action, Fibs, trendline and later the gann & qqe.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
cool bro, i wasnt dissmising it. set up just looked too sweet on d 1hr and 4hr,trendline, price action, qqe and gann. there was no fib on my charts but ill make good use of them now.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
chart. tried posting d GU chart but wont work. jaroo, how come i see u more in asia than london. i waited 4 your opinion today but didnt see u here nor Aus thread. is Asia your main trading session?

--- 帖子 #443 ---
I usually trade the London 90% of the time. My trading times have been scattered lately due to my work schedule.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
seems to be too much noise on Aus thread, so i followed karmo here. nice to meet you, i have added ur DBHLC and DBLHC and inside bar concept to my trading.thanks 4 ur sharing and hope to learn more

--- 帖子 #445 ---
what do u guys see on this pair now?

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Ranging, you may want to stay away till frankfurt, london

--- 帖子 #447 ---
You can learn more about Price Action here at the James16 Chart Thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=2331

I feel its a must, for all traders.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
I have added to my winning position at 1.9885.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Missed the break of the Inside Bar on the 4 hour. Looking for a retrace to enter long

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Pin Bar on the Daily GBPUSD is showing it's true power.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Entered at retrace and rebreak of the Inside Bar at 200.15 and 200.28

--- 帖子 #452 ---
hello jarroo,   i like to follow your trade   also i am new to trade pls, put  more deails so i can follow

thx

Suman

--- 帖子 #453 ---
jaroo is not giving trade calls, trade at your own risk.if u take dem, do it on Demo

--- 帖子 #454 ---
jaroo,goodmorning. i was asleep. its 6.48am here. just woke up to my charts.

UJ seems to be pulling GJ with it.GU is holding well. i cannot truly say if dis is a retracement or a reversal. based on my analyses i woud have shorted at 200.01 for some pips. I will not be going short until i have a 1hr close below d 1hr 50ema. 4 now im on d sidelines even if i dont get d pips down to 1hr 50

--- 帖子 #455 ---
You and others have menition that before. My mistake. Must add to my notes in bold letters. Plus a series of small, reversal candles on the 4 hour. I should of known. Live and learn to trade another day.

Still hanging on with my 200.15 and 200.28 long position. I'll hedge at 199.20 because there will probably be another attempt at the Daily gann.

Thanks GedfreyH,

Jaroo, i saw ur post at d other thread, Price tends to bounce on d 30min,1hr, 4hr, daily, monthly and sometimes 15min gann. dats y karmo stessed their importance to u.

I personally trade d 4hr and 1hr gann bounce, i use d cross or bounce of d 15mins as a heads up 4 trade. just tot u should know

--- 帖子 #456 ---
I made some mistakes on my GBPJPY trade I'll wait for the London open to decide on my position.

Catching the Pin Bar retrace on the Daily GBPUSD has proved very successful.

Price Action on higher time frames RULES!

Jim

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Ur GU trade was good. u wont believe, d UJ down move was a bounce off d daily gann. GJ didnt bounce of d daily gann. daily gann was 20pips away, but it is still valid as a bounce. all im saying is dat d UJ gann bounce was what brought GJ down. im bullish bias if UJ statrs showing bull signs based on qqes and gann action

--- 帖子 #458 ---
jaroo, if 1hr gann and qqes confirm by frankfurt., ill join u in your trade

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Closed out my 200.15 for 0 pips.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
What do you mean? Got a chart?

--- 帖子 #461 ---
1 HOUR GANN BOUNCE

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Got it. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
i always post twice cos i dont really know which thread is ur base. bear with me.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
I'm doing the same thing.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
S/R level on the GBPUSD. Let's see how Price reacts.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Hanging on to my 200.28 trade.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
, im going long any minute now.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Shows respect, by rejecting it.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Karmo on vacation?

--- 帖子 #470 ---
I believe he is getting married or got married this week or last week.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
, im going long any minute now.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
, im going long any minute now.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
market in a 50pip range for hours

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Never underestimate the Power Of The Forc . . . wait . . . I mean  . . Price Action on higher time frames, of course.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
i see you caught urself a reversal. very bullish move. went long NY on GJ but didnt post my trades

--- 帖子 #476 ---
We have a Fib cluster at 2.0066 level. Strong S/R level. Price Action show me the way.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
The hourly gann and qqe may show the way, with hourly Price Action of course.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
i will not trade until dis range is broken.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
jaroo, pls teach me how to post charts as bold as yours. u have to click mine to enlarge it

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Ephisi,

Could you highlight which range you are referring to. Thanks

--- 帖子 #481 ---
there are 2 redlines on my 30minutes chart, d other charts are just showing consolidation on 1hr and 4hr TF. click on d charts to view visibly then enlarge by cliocking again

--- 帖子 #482 ---
my 4hr charts

--- 帖子 #483 ---
yeahhhhhhhhhhhh. Thanks jarro, i have been batling with thos numbers 4 a long time now. was using 1500 by 1500

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Nice chart. Looks good.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
what i was trying to show earlier was that we are in a seriou ranging market nsince yesterday.its gotten worse overnight

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Bumps!

--- 帖子 #487 ---
ok, goodmorning all, morning jaroo. if u look back i posted my setups 4 trade yesterday and some bearish butterflies on Aus thread yesterday. As u guys can see GJ broke my range hard to d down side. i was so busy trading dat i couldnt make posts.made  lots up pips. this is an updated chart. look at how GJ bounced up and down up fib lines to d pip. LOL. di is easier than pooing.

Jaroo thank 4 d fibs lesson.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
As you can see, we are in a triange, in d middle of no where. there is no use trying to predict if it will go up or down. All we need to do is trade d hard break of dis triange to d upside or downside.

I will use qqes and gann on 15min and 1hr and 4hr to confirm direction, normal Auslanco  style.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
I learned all my fib lessons from Karmo. Practise, Practise, Learn and Practise.

Did anyone catch this Pin Bar (4 hour) on a trend line? I missed it.

This set up doesn't get any easier then this.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
I'll stay with my 1.9770 and 1.9885 a little longer. Daily gann may stay broken to the upside. I have taken some profits off the table.

Price Action On Trendlines and Fibs : Powerful Stuff.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
[quote=jarroo;1923647]I'll stay with my 1.9770 and 1.9885 a little longer. Daily gann may stay broken to the upside. I have taken some profits off the table.

Price Action On Trendlines and Fibs : Powerful Stuff.[/quotam sorry, i was looking at d wron charts

i agree with u, pricee action on fibs and TL, very powerful. i will read james 16 this weekend, jaroo what do u think about d antihedging system. i will read dat also. i noticed it works alot

--- 帖子 #492 ---
[quote=ephisi;1923675]
In all honesty, I'm not sure how its implemented. I'm probably making it more complicated then it is. I will be reading Jacko's thread as well.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
They look the same, don't they. One is a 4 hour and the other is a Daily at different times, different pairs. This shows the power of Price Action (Pin bars) on trend lines.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
check this out, price action on fibs and some trendlines

can u read in between d lines

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Kind of hard to read Price Action on your chart, ephisi. Too many worms on your chart.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
no worries bro, just trying to show u how price bouncing up and down at only fib points. thats my trading charts, thats y it has so much stuff on it.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
I ve use 3 kinds of candlestick recognation indicator.SO what candlestick recognation indicator do you use?

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Anyone know when karmo is coming back?

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Couple of weeks.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
I'm back

Let's get down to analysis, here's a daily GJ chart, after the big fall to 192.40, we can see price has retraced all the way back up to 78.6% where we also had the daily 50ema and the upper TL of the Daily downtrend channel, 205 was also a strong S/R on my chart. Now looking at the daily QQE, this past friday we got the 1st candle closed below the Daily Gann hilo, it indicates to me that there is more downside coming soon, even a new low is possible.

http://img99.imageshack.us/img99/4595/gjgz7.gif

Good luck everyone

--- 帖子 #501 ---
youre back.........

dont you think it will retrace till 204.50 back......or 203.00 or can you tell me it will retrace(before move down)till what?

--- 帖子 #502 ---
I reckon that we are headed South

There is a H&S on the 4 hr - we are currently trying to break the neckline.

I reckon the reason it didn't was the G7 and possible expectation of a deal on the Dollar strength. That didn't happen.

The Dow is looking weak - it has ignored fundementals, 2 weeks ago appalling NFP numbers didn't register. A gap around 12100 needs to be filled and I think all this will send it to at least 12000. These considerations all will come to gether to a large fall.

I have my fingers crossed

--- 帖子 #503 ---
I don't know, look at your chart

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Karmo,

What's up brother  Good to see you back.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Got married recently , It's great to be back here on FF and trade the beast with y'all

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Welcome back, Karmo. Hope you didn't mine that I hijacked your thread for a little awhile, a couple weeks ago.  I figured that if I got some people to your thread and they read it from the beginning, they would benefit.

Good to see you back,

Jim

--- 帖子 #507 ---
someone what do you think will gj retrace back to 204

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Why? Have you looked at the chart?

Congratulations Brother

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Congrats again, Karmo! Hope you had a good time and it was not too hectic!

Have a good week!

Gnat - Matt

--- 帖子 #510 ---
ahln wa shaln mabrok

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Thanks jarroo, I'm glad you continued posting, I'd like to see you continue to post your valuable inputs and excellent charts

Thanks guys appreciate it

--- 帖子 #512 ---
The G7 apparently gave some indications for Dollar to strengthen because the Euro is below 1.57 and the GJ is above 199 on quotes I'm seeing at xe.com

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Must be a typo because I see 1.00115 for the USD/CHF

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Couple of Inside Bars (candles) on the Weekly chart. The Weekly is in an obvious downtrend, so a break of the bottom of the Inside Bars looks to be a higher probability trade.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
How they (Weekly IBs) look on the Daily chart.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
4 hour chart with Weekly IBs.

Yes, I did take that easy trade long at 201.73.

Price Action + Patience + High Time Frames =

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Congratulations karmo..

life is beautiful, isnt it?

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Price drops down and kisses last week's low (Weekly IB bottom).

--- 帖子 #519 ---
I understand you trade breakouts from previous week´s ranges, while doing this, do you wait for a candle to close above/below said level or the mere fact of price touching it is enuff confirmation to get in?

do you have a journal of your own or could you please direct me to your most important posts so I can get the details of your technique

--- 帖子 #520 ---
My previous post was for Jarro!

Karmo i'm sorry for highjacking your thread I thoght I was in Auslanco´s

--- 帖子 #521 ---
i have two short position from 205. but right now, it seems its forming its bottom.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
When Price approaches a strong S/R level, how does it behave? If Price is not driven through these S/R levels by Price Action, then I look at Price itself.

Is Price stalling and stammering at this level? Is Price come near but not touching this level. Or (the best situation) is Price running hard through this level and not looking back. Does it retrace back to this level and then continues on. ( I love that, because it confirms the S/R level)

Practise and more practise is the best way to learn how Price behaves at these S/R levels on a given pair.

Price came down today and kissed the 198.05 level (Bottom Weekly IB) and ran away. This is a strong S/R level. If Price comes down and breaks this level HARD, we will see some good pips on the down side.

The key thing I work on is finding and confirming S/R Levels. Do they have a good history, have they acted the same way in the past. Higher time frames helps me in my search.

I do have a Journel, but its not this forum. It's in a note book.

Jim

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Daily chart is still in a downtrend, tough resistance @ 200.80 and 201.80

http://img225.imageshack.us/img225/1764/gjng0.gif

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Congrats Karmo....its great to see you back...many pips to you soon

--- 帖子 #525 ---
now it reach 208, and still going....... nice!

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Bro...

sonic from singapore...Nice to read ur blog/journal...

Cheers

sonic

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Longs still seem in play, price is trading above daily 50ema, new monthly momentum was bullish, so we might see 211-213 at last and if that breaks then 216 which is the 50% fib on my weekly chart and a weekly TL

http://img87.imageshack.us/img87/2885/gjhj8.gif

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Good Day,

ive been following this thread for a very long time as a visitor and i have reserved respect for the owner .

anyway i am a daily trader am if am not missing it i think the GJ would go down at lest 50pips form now on

reason

1 the current high for the day is below yesterdays high ( candystick dialy)

2 todays trading bias is down and fib retracement of 100% is a strong support, and the price looks set to challange bit agaian ( change candle sticks to line.

3 parabolic sar for hourly four shows the thrend for buys is at its weakest currntly.......

there are more reasons to this......

any comments to my current trade .would be highly appreciated

still a 3 months old foorex trader and ive managed to double my money on monthly bases with my odd methods..

regards

ngpay

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Good call. Your short worked. Looking at the daily, we had a nice lower close yesterday around a visual resistance point 208. The MACD has also turned bearish. I'm putting a short order 206.25 with a 50 pip stop.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
At 6am GMT, I am going long on GJ as I noticed it always goes up before London opens at 8am.  What you guys think ?

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Good day

today like i am viewing this trend if it crosses 205.85 then we should see a short for like 30 pips, after then the trend i think should continue because the retracement of 100% fibo is still in progress. Action bias for today is down and if news favours the down again then  we smile to like 70-100 pips at least before then end of today. but for the downward trend short to begin i think the price should at least cross 205.85 because the price has been shy downwards. also the point is temporary support.

cordially , i will appreciate responce.

great piping

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Karmo is back

Time for some simple and effective analysis

We all know that price has been in a downward channel since late 2007 and that channel was broken a month ago but on the daily chart price never came back and re-tested it. We also had a bear flag (small bullish channel) formed and this past week it was broken to the downside (see the chart). Price has also closed below the lower BB (bollinger band) , all of these indicate strong bearish movement.

Now my TP for shorts is the 78.6 or 88.6 fibo of the big move up we had from 192.xx to 209 , we also have a confluence of that downward channel that was broken a month ago and never re-tested, so that area should act as support.

http://img206.imageshack.us/img206/3052/gjjy2.gif

WARNING! the beast may do anything so be careful

At the beginning of the week we might have a small retracement up towards the 38.2 or the famous 50 before it resumes downwards.

http://img375.imageshack.us/img375/2746/gjuj9.gif

Now let's go to the Daily QQE and the gann, price has closed below the gann and the QQE has crossed down, I'd assume we will have a daily 5sma retrace before resuming, and that should coincide with the 38.2 or 50 fib level, we'll know for sure once the market open so keep your eyes open

http://img164.imageshack.us/img164/5110/70062857vv7.png

--- 帖子 #533 ---
It seems that we have many people saying the same thing

Looks like we can make some nice pips.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Welcome back Karmo.

It's great to have your analysis back on-line. It has been missed.

Jim

--- 帖子 #535 ---
superb analysis: welcome back bro

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Thanks jarroo and ukvipersden

--- 帖子 #537 ---
http://img152.imageshack.us/img152/933/gjis4.gif

We can see that 203.60 area was a good support, it should be a good resistance now that it has been broken, plus it is between the 38.2 and the 50 fib which I expect price to retrace to, as jarroo says "Confluence!"

--- 帖子 #538 ---
The more confluence the better. Nice Karmo.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
guys , can you tell me please which broker has the best conditions for  trading gbp/jpy ?

I'm interesting in doing about 5 trades a day so low commisions and spreads are crucial

thanks

--- 帖子 #540 ---
New daily momentum is pointing upwards so we should see a retrace up to the Daily 5sma

--- 帖子 #541 ---
karmostaji , looks like going in your direction

--- 帖子 #542 ---
It has bounced from the 200 ema on the 5 min chart

shall see another approach ?

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Looks to be heading down to me

--- 帖子 #544 ---
News on weekend ..ANB first bank to go down this year .. will open as Little Rock on Monday.

2) we have broken 50 sma on 15 min ... looks to be heading down to test Friday's low. I am short off 200.90 and have moved stop to break even already.

3) broke Friday's trend line in the US session to down side.

Looks like that retracement to 203.4 might not happen after all .... I was expecting it to but do not get married to one direction or other .. just go with what the chart tell me.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
lol nobody said it will happen in the first 2 hours of trading, what a joker

just go back to your own thread

--- 帖子 #546 ---
maybe , the falcon gonna fly today , its to early for him perhaps

Karmostaji , sorry I know its a bit out of topic but could you tell me which broker offers the lowest spreads on gbp/jpy ?

I've checked crown forex , they offer great deal on usd/jpy just 1 pip and no comission , but on gbp/jpy its 10 pips

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Was just giving you heads up on news .. in case you did not see it.

Big news .. AIG write of due to credit derivatives and then 1st bank of year out for count

Oh well 70 pips in bank so far today .. I am the one laughing.

I will leave this thread alone as per your request.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Things are working out just as planned, London opens in 45 mins, it should be interesting

--- 帖子 #549 ---
I use IBFX and spread is 9, it's fine with me

check the broker section for suggestions

--- 帖子 #550 ---
[ok , thank you

karmostaji , the falcon is flying up  it listenes to his master

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Getting through that gann hi/lo is usually a tough one.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
new 4h momentum in 30 mins and this hourly candle close should give us an idea if that 4h gann will hold or not

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Glad to have you back, brother.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
new 4h mom remains bullish, as long as price trades above the 1h gann then 4h gann will be broken

My target for the bulls,

S/R - 203.60

50% - 204.38

Re-test broken TL & 61.8% - 205.50

--- 帖子 #555 ---
1st TP reached!

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Karmo is back. Nice.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
203.60 seems to be a tough S/R just like I expected, now let's wait for the new daily momentum, if it turns out to be bearish then the retracement IMO is over and downtrend shall continue towards 196 area

--- 帖子 #558 ---
nice to have Karmo back again, was here to rub minds with your ever blazing analysis

thanks and hope you stay ...

ngpay

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Ok price came down but only to the 4H gann and we are having a bounce up now, if price closes above the 1H gann hilo then price will move to a new higher which should be around the 50% fib 204.38

--- 帖子 #560 ---
I am a newbie here. I am seeing what appears to be a bearish divergence on the GBPJPY 1hr chart, what do you say?

--- 帖子 #561 ---
1H QQE has not crossed down yet, if it does and a candle is formed below the 1H gann hilo then to me that's a good signal to go short

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Karmo im still new here...can you post charts when describe

--- 帖子 #563 ---
OK Thanks Karmo, I'll keep an eye on that 1h Gann. Have a great day

--- 帖子 #564 ---
anyone can you tell me what is the setting of QQE that karmo use?

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Smoothing factor: 5

--- 帖子 #566 ---
in timeframe?

--- 帖子 #567 ---
That's the setting

I use the 1H, 4H, and the Daily TF

--- 帖子 #568 ---
today the Gj rose up midly only go slow down on weak data. price opening today on candle stick looks like an hammer that could finally break the 100% fibo retracement which is the short term  resistance, after the breaking of 100% fibo, i expact the price to find its bearing at least 30 pips after this point, if no major great britain price mover is out then we could beuy for the whole day.daily macd and 4 hrs showing change in thrend is starting, momentum is forming another double bottom.and the pivot point for today is already broken , i see a move in upward at least for the next 4hrs, once the next 4hr candle opens above then long buyers are still in the game.

action bias for today is also neutral turned upwards

.

good luck, would like as many as possible contribution and arguement

ngpay

--- 帖子 #569 ---
so your entry is base on all of the tf not one?right?

--- 帖子 #570 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #571 ---
can you post your chart?

--- 帖子 #572 ---
.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Assalamu'alaikum Karmo..

I am from Indonesia and i always you GJ pair in my trade. I am very glad that you share to me abaou it. Karmo.. please explained me about the indikator you used, especially Fibo and Resistance/support level....

Many thanks.

Wassalamu'alaikum...

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Tell me, why are the JPY pairs so weak, who is selling them there is no reason at all for the weakness.

Alex

--- 帖子 #575 ---
I don't know why, I don't even try to think about such stuff

I just follow the chart and make those green pips and enjoy them, that's all

--- 帖子 #576 ---
The reason I ask is I got a little caught after the last consolidation at 202.50 looking to go south then the thing went north for no good reason.

Alex

--- 帖子 #577 ---
you have been calling for 207, it has hit, Bravooo, now what? I am studying your strategy it is safe and interesting the way you look at the chart

Thank you for your help

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Major support was at 202.50...it needed to break to continue down, from a basic technical perspective....it failed and bounced off support. Theres your reason.

Further more, the resistance that was holding it from going higher was 204.82 and 204.96....it broke that and it went higher.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Cheers to that!!!!!

--- 帖子 #580 ---
204.80 strong S/R level

Daily 50ema and 100sma are @ 204.80

Daily candles are not able to close below it

Daily gann hilo is @ 204.80

If we draw a fibo from 199.76 to 208.93 , price has retraced to the famous 50% which is 204.35 and bounced

If Daily candles are not able to close below 204.80, we could easily see a re-test of the highs and even going to 211-213

BUT, if we get a Daily candle formed below, then look out below

till then, PATIENCE!

http://img71.imageshack.us/img71/7448/gjpq0.gif

--- 帖子 #581 ---
cheers karmo. Bears are gonna pounce

--- 帖子 #582 ---
daily closed @205.66 ... so up we go??

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Ok, I get some PMs from time to time asking me to explain Gann, QQE, momentum and 5sma. I just replied someone and thought I'd post it here as well.

I'll try to explain how I use these indicators as briefly as I can.

I'll keep it simple.. the Gann hilo is used as Support/Resistance, sometimes price will bounce off it. Another thing is If price is trading below the Gann hilo, let's say on the Daily chart then I'll be favoring the bears and try to find bearish set-ups on smaller TF's, you should also keep track of the QQE.

Example:

If Daily QQE crosses upwards and Daily candle closes above the Gann hilo, then the Daily chart just turned bullish to me and I'd be buying dips (most probably around the Daily 5sma)

The momentum is used with the Daily 5sma, I mostly use it to try and catch retracement, The most important thing is the angle of the movement at the beginning of the candle and not during the candle.

Example:

Let's say we had a rally on the Daily chart and price is currently 209, Daily 5sma is at 207.10 and the momentum at the beginning of the new daily candle is pointing slightly down, that indicates price will retrace to the Daily 5sma and most likely resume upwards the next day.

You must follow real price action and practice to grasp it

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Hi Karmo,

would it be possible for you to post the indicator that you use with 1 screen shot of ur chart or ur template ?

Thanks,

Goodbadmas

P.S. I am trying to learn the way you trade. and you said lower time frame .. how low is the timeframe you go to ? 5 min or 15 and above ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #585 ---
hallo broda...

i need your prediction for this position...

thx...

--- 帖子 #586 ---
karmostaji, would u care to elaborate on the "..the angle of the movement.. "?

thx

--- 帖子 #587 ---
That is a typo, it is meant to be 'the angle of the momentum at the beginning of the candle'

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Karmo, thanks A LOT for setting up this thread and sharing your knowledge. You are a good example of how good solid basics beat any fancy indicator  Well done!

A quick question - what are typical weekly/monthly results (in terms of pips)? How many pairs do you trade?

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
You are most welcome

Regarding your question, I trade GJ exclusively.. I just love this pair. Number of pips per month, I'd say 1500 to 2000 pips

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Price bounced off the 4H 50ema and a TL, if price closes above the 1H 50ema and 4H gann hilo then we could expect another re-test of the highs or even a new high, 214 maybe.

On the other hand, if price closes below 4H 50ema, next target would be the Daily gann hilo.

http://img514.imageshack.us/img514/7274/gjtw6.gif

--- 帖子 #591 ---
thanks karmo

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Just as expected, a re-test of the highs is in order

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Still loving your charts and analysis, Karmo.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Hey big man, It's good to see you bro

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Yeah I started a thread. You should check it out sometime, if you have the time. I would love to hear your comments on it.

You guess it, it's Price Action related.

DIBS Thread : http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=86766

--- 帖子 #596 ---
nice chart

214.20/30 is possible but it might be very tuff task

--- 帖子 #597 ---
I'll check it out bro

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Karmo, how do you feel about 215 ? I see that most traders want to short the pair but in my opinion we still have room to go upside.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
But first we must clear a huge hurdle at 214.50/60

which I doubt we are going to blow through on the first try or even the second try.

LT is still bullish in GJ I think, but we may get a move down into 209.50 before we run up to test 214.50/60 for the first time in a while.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
hi karmo jan

"Lamborghini Reventon" for you

--- 帖子 #601 ---
/

But where will i get all these gann hilo. I cannot see on metatrader?

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Hi  shahroudi

GBP JPY be nazare man ta 211.61 bishtar nemitoone biufte!!

albate shoma saheb nazari

ghrbanat.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Thanks for your insite and the posts

--- 帖子 #604 ---
The lowest TF I would go is the 15m chart, but I mainly focus on 1H, 4H, and the Daily chart.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Me too

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Daily candle has closed above the 200ema, next target for the bulls is the 50% fib @ 216.88 where we also a weekly TL, that are should provide strong resistance.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
I draw suport/resistance lines all over my charts. I put thick lines on the monthly/weekly then thinner lines on the daily, 4 hour, 1 hour, and 15 mintute. Then I draw Fibo on the last movement on the 1 hour. when I'm finished with all of that I hardly have an open space to make a trade with out running into a line. I'v been reading your early posts where you describe your trading method (thank you for doing so).

My question is, would it be better to not draw my own lines? would it be better to only draw fibo on the diferent time charts then look for over lap????????

thank you

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Numbers that end in zero tend to be good suport/resistance levels, so perhaps drawing your fibo from or to numbers that end with zeros might make good sense. Also another point on fibo, every book that I have read says to draw left to right, so if it's low to high or high to low it's always left to right period. I'll post a fibos that goes in Expert/indicators on MT-4, I use it some times on a 15 min if I'm looking for an entry.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Daily 200ema has turned into support now, price is fighting 213.50 for now, if it breaks then it heads toward 216.xx

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Karmo,

I've closed my long from 213.20 for 50 pips because price on 4hr is most likely going to retrace back to 5sma line(213.29 at the present time) on 4hr. Was that a smart thing to do?

What is your strategy?

Since price bounced off 213.82 for the 5th time, I'm sure there is going to be a breakout today! I thought it was going to go up last night...but at the meantime, it is going down to me.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
I have signal but i can't read it

Is it good or not ?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #612 ---
I was just re reading this thread karmo and cam across an old four hour chart of yours which looked exactly my current weekly GJ setup. No great analysis, just thought it would be fun to share.

http://img214.imageshack.us/img214/6206/karmo4hpr9.gif

--- 帖子 #613 ---
http://img172.imageshack.us/img172/1...tweeklypc1.gif

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Hi Karmo,

What is your strategy for this week? I think we are going to be in a tight range between 213(100ema) and 215(50ema)on weekly. If this goes both way, there would be a massive pip movement on either way.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Excuse me, but how did you know that there was going to be a bearish move before the breakout? Could you explain this? And how did you know that when 1hr QQE crossed, it was going to be a profitable move? Many of those crosses during a big bearish move would not turn profitable.

I entered my long today at 213.40 today when 1hr QQE crossed. How come you wouldn't wait if 4hr QQE crossed today?

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Nvm, I found out that we're near 50% retracement on 4hr. Nice find, Karmo.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Same chart Karmo posted before, came to the same conclusion. Big area of confluence and the possibility of a move to 180 from here or...the mind set change to go long. Time will tell. However here's how big this area is to me at least. Hitting the downtrend line from the 251 high, we're at 50% retracement of the move AND 50% retracement of the projected move to 180, we broke the daily Bollinger band and formed a bearish engulfing right after, we just hit the 200 day MA on the weekly and daily to a certain extent. Why am I bearish? Classic bear flag, most visible on the daily, we're technically in a downtrend. Adios

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Karmo,

Ronald(RR) made this ea especially for your strategy. Just in case if you don't want to miss a possible major retracement, you can use this ea to send you a text message and an email to signal you.

I set this ea to notify me if price is at least 70 pips away from 5sma.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
BTW, this present trade is looking good!

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Price is trading in a bearish flag, IMO it will break downwards sooner or later..

4H QQE has recovered close to the 50 level and it might be getting ready to cross back downwards and head to new lows.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
4H QQE hasn't crossed yet but price is trading below 4h gann, if 1h QQE crosses upwards and we get a 1h candle close above 1h gann, I'm going to go long

Until then, patience

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Price is still trading in the 4h bear flag, we are currently at the bottom of it and I've taken some longs targeting the upper TL of the flag.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
could u please tell, where is exactly ur 50ema.... tq bro

--- 帖子 #624 ---
You still trading???? You're doom better luck next time I will lend you several millions if you want nyahahahahahaha!!!!

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Price is trading in downward channel, price is also still trading below 4h Gann hilo, so I remain bearish GJ.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Could that be considered a bullish flag or not since we are below the 4hr gann.  Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #627 ---
no I wouldn't consider this a bullish flag because it is not after a strong rally, so to me it is just a 1H downtrend channel.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Karmo

I am with you on this one..... just wondering when this thing will break

also as long as we remain below that 33 sma on 4 hour bears rule .... sell the rallies

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Price is trading below 4h gann hilo and the new 4h momentum is bearish

An hourly close below 187.50 and this beast should make a new low easily.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Karmo do you have any comments on EU. I know you dont trade EU but any comments?

--- 帖子 #631 ---
It looks like it's heading to the weekly 50% fibo at 1.3838

--- 帖子 #632 ---
price is approaching the support level slowly, I'd like to see the support level broken.

London open should be interesting.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
we had a 1h candle close below the support, we should be heading for a new low

--- 帖子 #634 ---
I'd like to see UJ break 106.70 level, then GJ will tank even more.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
You up about 2700 pips on the G/J so far Karmo?

I'm developing a "Karmo Alert" on my computer. When ever you post on the forum, Red lights and Sirens start going off throughout my house.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
lol I've been shorting every rally this beast has made, enjoying them green pips

How have you been bro? and how's trading?

--- 帖子 #637 ---
It's going pretty good. Work, family and friends (Life) have me missing a lot of trades lately. It's tough peeking in on my charts seeing missed opportunities. Things should be calming down soon. But I'm having a blast as aways.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Have no worries, the market will always be here for us to trade

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Absolutely. Its great.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
15m QQE has already crossed up but price is trading below the 15m gann hilo

This is usually an indication of bearish continuation, we just have to wait for the 15m QQE to get itself out of oversold levels.

Patience

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Breaking these Lows . . . look out belowwwww.

--- 帖子 #642 ---
It seems like it has broken that support, more bearishness to come for GJ

--- 帖子 #643 ---
15m QQE crossed down with a candle below it's gann, it's time for bearish continuation just as expected.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
187.50 was broken, the re-tested and here we have a new low

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Did some one doubt you? Foolish mortals.

Broken the lowwwss. Look outtt belowwww.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
How low GJ will go mr.Karmo..?

and for how long..?

thanks

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Until the signals tell him to go long.  No time table.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Until the charts tell me otherwise, that is for how long

and how low, I'd say 183, 180, 176 ...choose 1

--- 帖子 #649 ---
I know many people have been asking me about the QQE and Gann hilo..

so here I have put all of auslanco's indicator on one chart and made a template

--- 帖子 #650 ---
1h QQE has crossed upwards but price is trading below 1h gann, this is an indication of bearish continuation movement as long as price is trading below 4h gann hilo.

Patience

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Karmo I respect you as a fellow trader and do not want to step on your toes here. I think you are great at what you do and with the sharing you give. In fact I got into it with 4x trader the other day when he was putting you down as i was defending your honour.

Just a freindly note to watch that bullish divergence on the 4 hour off the double bottom. I am not 100% sure but something tells me this may be heading up.

I have a 1-2-3 buy formation on a 15 min and this could take it up to 189 tonight if 187 holds.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Thanks for defending me the other day malcolmb, I appreciate it. and thanks for your analysis.

I did say that we might see bearish continuation as long as price remains below 4h gann hilo but price did close above it so it is bullish for the short-term, anyways I had lots of profits locked in so I had no problems at all

Good luck trading bro

--- 帖子 #653 ---
4h 50ema is @ 190.70 providing resistance for now

If price manages to close below 1h gann hilo and 1h QQE crosses downwards, I would take a short.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
I'll be watching the Daily chart, if we get a Daily candle close above the Daily gann hilo, I'll be bullish GJ and my target will be a Daily correction of 50% fibo.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
I took a short at Daily Gann 192.62 with a tight stop loss (50 pips). I wonder where I learned that.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
I was asked what was the outcome of this trade. It was 0 pips. I entered short at 192.62 as Price hit the Daily Gann.

When Price bounced down, I took half off of my position at 50 pips and left the other half at my s/l. Price came back and took out my s/l for net 0 pips.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Hmmmm.. so quiet here.., anybody here.....??

--- 帖子 #658 ---
4h QQE has crossed down and we just got a candle close below 4h gann hilo

I expect bearishness to continue and very high possibility of seeing new lows today/tomorrow

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Karmo, do you thing GJ will touch 186..?

How low GL will go..? lol...

--- 帖子 #660 ---
I don't know, we must see how NY reacts to all the bad news and if the Fed will do anything to help the markets.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Thanks Karmo..!

let see what happen next..

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Look how we are in a Daily range of 500-600 pips, look at how QQE has crossed up and getting out of the lower levels but price is not moving higher everyday, price is bouncing up and down like nuts.

I've seen many setups like this on smaller TF's, so if this setup works like I think it should then once Daily QQE crosses back down, GJ will tank towards the Monthly trendline around 176 if not lower.

I will enter once I get confirmation, no need to rush in.

1 more thing, you don't have to believe me because I could be wrong as well.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
after wild movement last Friday, now.. what will happen to GJ on next Monday?

do you have any analyze..?

Thanks Karmo

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Ok I see last week got interesting by the end of the week, the Feds came out to play.

Price is currently in a nice bullish channel on the 1h chart, 193.50 area is a good S/R level, 1h 50ema and also the LT of the channel, and 4h gann hilo

If price gets there and starts bouncing a bit, I would take a long definitely and targeting Daily 50ema which is around 199 or so.

But if we get 4h QQE to cross down and a 4h candle closes below 4h gann, I'll go short

Other than that, I stay out

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Hey Karmo i heard you have been ill.Nice to see you back .I hope you are stronger buddie

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Thanks buddie

--- 帖子 #667 ---
We have candles above the 1h Gann hilo, but I'm waiting for the 1h QQE to cross upwards and we should see some new high's.

I will only go short if we get a 4h close below 4h Gann hilo.

Price is also trading above the 50ema and inside the bullish channel on 1h TF.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
The 15m QQE crossed downwards but price is trading above the 15m gann hilo, this is also usually a sign of trend continuation which is bullish in this scenario.

Everything is lining up quiet nicely for some nice bullish action.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
It's also well above the 100.  I hope it stays long, will be nice to get some positive swap again

I'm glad you're posting in here again.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Posting here should be better and also easier for the people who want to actually learn the strategy.

The other thread has a lot of noise and many people posting 1m/3m/5m/15m scalps, insanity lol

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Not a bad idea karmo, i trade based on Aus techniques. I hope i am welcome to post here. it would be fun if those strictly using Aus system stick together. That way everyone trades based on Aus

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Welcome ephisi, post away bro

--- 帖子 #673 ---
hi karmo jan

long time not see you..just come to say hello and say that your idea is very good to post here instead of other thread i'll back up you

keep up your good work my buddhttp://qsmile.com/qsimages/157.gif http://qsmile.com/qsimages/157.gif

regards

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Salam shahroodi

It's been a long time, you are one busy man nowadays  I hope you are doing well bro , thanks for support

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Market has got my head spinning. Been waiting a close above 4hr 5sma all day, without any. since asia we have been dancing around 15mins 50ema.

Dats my first warning of consolidation,

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Price is still trading above the 15m gann and the 15m QQE looks like about to cross upwards, once crossed and confirmed.. we should see more bullishness.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Patience is paying off slowly but surely

--- 帖子 #678 ---
what might be the TP?

I see 197 is quite strong resistance...

--- 帖子 #679 ---
1st 197

2nd 199

3rd 200

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Price breaking out and there has been a QQE upward cross on 15' ... but price never reached your 193.50 level, so do you have a position & if not where would you get one?

--- 帖子 #681 ---
The hourly candle closes in 2 mins, if 1h QQE crosses and confirms, I'll be going long on any retracement to the 5sma (TF's 15m/30m or 1h)

--- 帖子 #682 ---
1H QQE crossed and confirmed, look for new high's soon

--- 帖子 #683 ---
197.2 break, then we will go for new high... rite?

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Howdy Karmo, wondered when you would come over here. Other thread getting pretty busy now a days.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
went long close to the 1h 5sma, risking 1% only

Patience kicks in now, either SL hits or we reach my TP's

--- 帖子 #686 ---
She's not making it easy, is she...

--- 帖子 #687 ---
long 195.60 off the 15 min support trend line for the day. Now lets see those new highs.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Why that sharp spike????

--- 帖子 #689 ---
That is the ten thousand dollar question ... I think it was 100 pips in 5 minutes

--- 帖子 #690 ---
1st TP reached, waiting for 199 unless 1h QQE reverses and we go below 4h Gann hilo.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
finally we had a candloeclose above 4h5 5sma. i missed that. But 4hr MOM not supportive of bulls. I think the problem with today is that based on MOM and AUS daily technique daily and weekly MOM are shouting fo a retracement to 193.59/194 area fo 2day. At d end of 2dayscandle that owuld change.

As i said earlier i was sensing consolidation. im sensing 100pips up 100pips down moves until the 15mins MAS get some breathing space. Right now they are chocked up. 4hr 5sma would be a perfect long entry if 1hr remeian bullish

--- 帖子 #692 ---
4h gann hilo is @ 195

This should be our support. I won't short unless this gann hilo is broken.

All we need is a 1h candle close above 197 and it should easily reach 199.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Testing 197 again, cmon break it!

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Bearish divergence on 30min and 1hr TF. we may have another push down.

GUUJ

--- 帖子 #695 ---
I closed at BE, 197 is being tough and I don't like Oil shooting up to $130, $25 in 1 day!! It tells me that risk aversion is in the markets and people are afraid.

If 1h QQE crosses down with a candle close below gann, I'll short and add more once we get a 4h QQE cross down confirmation.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Closed right on the 1h gann .. close enough?  Or will you wait for more confirmation?

She is not making it easy!!

--- 帖子 #697 ---
I'll wait, it's even safer to wait for the 4h chart to turn bearish for better confirmation

--- 帖子 #698 ---
not to mention that move of $80 in gold ....

crazy times right Karmo .

$25 oil in one day !! must be a new record

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Definitely crazy, haven't seen Oil move this much in 1 day.. something is going on..

Gold was 7xx last week and now above 900 LOL

--- 帖子 #700 ---
I am sitting here like a deer ( or in your neck of the world camel) in the headlights .... gj seems unable to break 197 and i wonder if we were able to short financial stocks where the DJ and gj would have ended up today.

BTW I used to live in Jebel Ali a number of years ago ...would love to come out to Dubai once more to see how things have changed out there.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
hi karmo jan

i should note that this is not risk aversion...if risk aversion occurs then all of yen crosses must drop ...but now only usd/yen dropped...i think it's all about dollar weakening not risk aversion...also it may depend to surge of euro too....becoz oil price has correlation with euro...

also i shouild add this crazy action may has a another wonder reason that we don't know....we should wait till get what happend

regards

--- 帖子 #702 ---
That's a long way away .. I will need to take some more patience pills

--- 帖子 #703 ---
...........

The October contract expires today and a big  reason for today's rally was short covering. Short covering occurs when a buyer borrows a stock, betting it will go down, then has to buy it back at that lower price. A lot of traders were short oil, assuming the only way it could go was down, then had to cover their bets before the contract expired.

...............

see in this link
http://www.cnbc.com/id/26839671

--- 帖子 #704 ---
mm.... that sounds like someone trying to hide their tracks ... when you make big footprints like the ones we have seen today in oil you need more than a little fern to hide the tracks.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
i will wait for confirmation from new 4hr and daily candle. Asia should send GJ lower d dollar is in trouble

--- 帖子 #706 ---
d dollar is d doomed

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Treasury Disputes Democrat On Changes in Bailout

Bailout Plan Will Be Drag On Fragile US Economy

--- 帖子 #708 ---
How low can she go??

UJ quote 000.00

--- 帖子 #709 ---
LOL gj is hopping up and down like a rabbit.

Nice, you should definitely come back because things are changing here every single day and it never finishes, I just wish all the construction would just get done.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Hey Karmo, how've you been man?

This isn't really in line with Aus's system, but for price action's sake; My last eight hour bar (at 12 o' clock Eastern) closed with a confirmation bar to the pin bar before which closed at 195.60 at support. 194.26 was the low for the pin and so I wouldn't look to see price move below that area.

Right now, I am looking for lows of 195.20's to come into play for this retracement then we should be looking at a bounce from that point to move in line with the pin bar's original direction.

I'm not on my normal computer with my charts set up so I can't really post them up. I'll edit this later and do so though.

tell me if you'd like me to delete this post as it isn't in line with your thread completely.

P.S.  The new daily 5 ema closed at 194.19 on my charts.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Hey Mike,

I'm doing great thanks, how about yourself?

Feel free to post your analysis bro, I really enjoy reading them and learn from your posts

--- 帖子 #712 ---
good evening all,

obvious double top @ 197.00, in the form of a 1-2-3 formation, breaking confidently 195.50 as i write on h4 time frame this could well mean that this is indeed a very wide range for the carry given current market uncertainty.

I wish my suggestion could only benefit others as a contribution, and not a "follow me" message. This is a wonderful pair to trade and the excitement about it is that it respects pretty well its general long term trends in the shape of nice waves with similar ending characteristics - nice "technical textbook like" trend exhaustion price action patterns in weekly. I personally believe that it is headed for retesting of new lows, which could be fueled by recent headline events affecting carry trade - spikes/trend resuming in oil provokes sell offs in equity markets driving speculative money to oil again, and we have the carry selloffs. I still think this could be a continuation to further bear conditions for this pair.

I wish good luck to all. Thank you for the experience you bring to regular readers like me.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
We have a candle formed under the 4h Gann hilo but no 4h QQE cross down, once we get the cross down.. this baby is going to tank towards the 4h 50ema which is around 192

But becareful coz if 1h QQE crosses upwards and price manages to get above the 4h gann hilo and break 197, then 199 will be on the cards.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
1hr 50ea as usuall,very stubborn. As long as we emain below 4hr 5sma. There is hope

--- 帖子 #715 ---
New 4h momentum remains bearish and 4h gann hilo moved to 196.30 (resistance)

4h QQE hasn't confirmed crossing downwards yet..

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Price bouncing off the 4h Gann hilo

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Price seems to be nervous, jumping up and down like a maniac.. I just hope it would get back to normal price movement and not this crazy 50 pips up n down within minutes

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Lucky we have those patience pills!

GP

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Do they come in super-strength??

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Waiting for a breakout...

--- 帖子 #721 ---
So your bias is to the upside now?

She is still as schizophrenic as ever

--- 帖子 #722 ---
no, actually more to the downside but I'll wait for a breakout of 197 or 195, price is currently trading between these 2 prices on the 1h chart.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Karmo’s what is your TP for this trade

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Oh ok, I assumed you meant up when you said breakout (I call the other way a breakdown )  But that's right, it can break out in either direction...

--- 帖子 #725 ---
From the fib of last SH SL on daily, there is a 61.8 retracement at the weekly pivot and monthly S1 ... my vote would be a retracement to at least this level (192.70) before perhaps another fast run up to the weekly R1 area around 201.  Not that she pays much attention to pivot or s/r levels but she will often barrel through them then come screeching to a halt and reverse, there are fe's on either side of the weekly R1.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Price just broke to the upside and I have gone long, TP is the Daily 50ema 198.60 and then 200 if that is broken

--- 帖子 #727 ---
hi karmo. please look at my chart which shows it has not broke to the upside. infact the last candle closed right on it and this new candle is retreating. i noticed the diferance in drawing the lines between you and i. i have drawn from top of wicks which is 41 candles ago. where you have drawn a line to the candle which is 40 candles ago and a lower high than the candle previous to that. please dont think that i am corecting you, far from it. most likely i have drawn it wrong. for educational reasons, just want to know why you've drawn the line to a lower candle as i just explained.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
sory karmo, bad picture. here is a close up. its the candle with a tick on it that i am talking about that is a higher high

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Price has also closed above the 200ema on the 4h chart, another bullish sign

4h momentum is also pointing upwards.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
I just drew a horizontal line at 197 because that level seemed to be resistance to me, and it looks like it has turned into support now.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Yeh thanks for your reply, i have noticed there is more than one candle that there highs are where you drew your line. so there must have been some sort of resistance there. thanks again

--- 帖子 #732 ---
plus the 200ema on the 4H was at 197 and acting as resistance, np

--- 帖子 #733 ---
good morning

--- 帖子 #734 ---
saba7 il5air & Good morning

--- 帖子 #735 ---
LOL, i think i just confused the beast. its wedged between my line (red) and karmo's line (blue)

but i am with you on long karmo. another thing i see is on my charts, qqe on 4h is crossed down but price trading above gan. which i have learn't from you that it usualy means price continuation. thanks teacher.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
saba7 al noor

--- 帖子 #737 ---
sory here is my 4h chart.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Karmo, are you still long and popping patience pills?

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Yes, either my SL gets hit or we reach the Daily 50ema (198.60)

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hi Karmo,

My Sl was 196.27 and got hit.Would you tell us where is your SL if you don't mind.

Always my SL get hit and then price turn around.

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Mine just got hit as well, 1% is no big deal.. let's move on

4h candle closed back below 200ema, I'll watch and see if the 1h 50ema will break this time or not, it has been holding up quiet nicely till now.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
4h chart still shows that we are trading in the range of 195-197, no true breakout.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Back in no man's land (sigh)

I just could not see it as a long or a breakout .. especially the consolidation on the 5' and 15'.  I wasn't around at London open, arrived around 11 am London time and it just was looking so toppy to me.  Probably a lucky guess .

--- 帖子 #744 ---
1h 50ema is still acting as a support..

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Let's see what London has to say..

if 4h 200ema breaks and 197 as well, I'm going to try another long

--- 帖子 #746 ---
this is a pretty strong support, price hasn't been able to break it but if broken then I'll go short.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Karmo;maybe i have never been this patient since i was born.Glad to see myself be.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
I'm a swing trader and these past 2-3 days is just not for me, I'm waiting for 197 to break or the 1h 50ema to break.

It's better to stay aside in this ranging period

--- 帖子 #749 ---
I see this wedge as well on the 1h/4h chart, waiting for the breakout..

--- 帖子 #750 ---
I wanted to speculate that too; but the question is that when will it break it & also the slow momentum.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
hi karmo jan

for taking long positions please note that daily QQE5 is around 50 line and strays there for few days...maybe price back downward form here...

regrads

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Yes definitely, I've been saying that a lot in auslanco's thread, I will be short big time when the Daily crosses back down because that should take us to 180/176 area

--- 帖子 #753 ---
http://qsmile.com/qsimages/36.gif http://qsmile.com/qsimages/41.gif http://qsmile.com/qsimages/41.gif http://qsmile.com/qsimages/36.gif

--- 帖子 #754 ---
197.00 is not giving way, tough resistance

--- 帖子 #755 ---
the 200ema has been a very tough resistance on the 4h chart, so I've gone ahead and taken a short from 200ema, let's see how it plays out.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
What is your target Karmo?

I am aiming for the 4h 50 ema around 194, what do you think?

GP

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Why are you not simply taking longs on the bounce(s) off the wedge?

IMHO;that with what i see has been paying off.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
That's a good target, but first I'd like to see the 1h 50ema break, I've set my SL at BE already.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
It can be played both ways, price is still trading within the wedge

--- 帖子 #760 ---
It is bouncing off the 1h 50ema again, I just closed it for 40 pips. I'll re-enter short if we get an hourly close below 1h 50ema.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Thanks Karmo

GP

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Price is re-testing 197, will it break this time?

--- 帖子 #763 ---
1h QQE has crossed down and a candle formed below 1h gann hilo, I've gone short at 1h 5sma

1st TP is 195.60

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Price is crazy coz of the bailout news looming around, closed the short for 15 pips.. I feel like a scalper lol

--- 帖子 #765 ---
The 4h QQE is suggesting of bullish continuation as long as price trades above the Daily gann hilo. Look at how the 4h chart has been ranging but QQE crossed down and pulling back down while price didn't, I will go long once the 4h QQE crosses back up and we should see atleast the Daily 50ema and then the 50% (200.15)

Always wait for confirmation.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
correct me if am wrong, 200 is more likely be the top for the current trend and then we gonna start a new trend which gonna end somewhere around 179

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Did anybody see that over 2500 pips spike on all NZD pairs!!!

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Bad data, it's not on mine at all.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
demos accounts, don't trust them :nerd:

--- 帖子 #770 ---
I guess you are using Alpari....Check ODL or Interbank

--- 帖子 #771 ---
A good target for shorts is the Daily gann hilo around 191.30

I wouldn't go long as the 1h QQE crossed upwards and a candle forms above it's gann hilo.

Right now price is bearish and if it manages to get to 4h 5sma, I'll go short.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
The 4h 50ema has been broken and re-tested so I've gone short at 194 and my target is the daily gann hilo 191.30 area

--- 帖子 #773 ---
The bottom today is 192.17, at 261 fib

... or if she decides that 211 is enough, then we've seen it at 213.24

BR, R

--- 帖子 #774 ---
what do you think next Karmo, your target of the daily gann 191.30 wasent hit, do you think it could still hit cos i have just taken some patient pills, am still short

--- 帖子 #775 ---
If you draw fib retracements 190 to 197.30 the 50% retracement was hit bang on at 193.53 and formed support

The RSI hit 40 on the 4 hour and bounced off it.

Right now price is under the 33 and 14 sma on a 4 hour BUT there is now a 1-2-3 buy formation on the 4 hour with targets of 198 , 201.61. If that 197.30 resistance zone is broken we should see 200 / 201.6 with ease

The last week has been very tough to trade ... very tough, with the bearish divergence on the 4 hour rsi it was short the rallies all week off 197 zone. now that the rsi has had a chance to drop and rally on a steep incline we may see another test of 197. If the RSI breaks 60 then for sure we will get a break out of 197.

If price breaks 195.80 then the 33 sma will now form support again. This consolidation has allowed the moving average to catch up with price. Moving averages act as magnets and when price gets to far ahead of them it will either drop back to the moving average or consolidate till the moving average catches up.

With this Bill sitting in Senate technicals have been very hard to trade to this week

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Karmo great job

I really like the way you have kept excellent records to show your growth in experience.   I was wondering (if you dont mind) do you have a spreadsheet or something too show your profit/loss since you started the thread?,,,,,thanks

Fxcellent

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Actually no since this thread is only about the analysis of GJ and nothing else

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Weekly momentum is bearish and the Daily gann hilo on VT charts is at 192.00

A daily close below the daily gann hilo and the daily QQE crossing down, that would give us the signal of a strong bearish movement and I'll be expecting 176/180 area definitely.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
A target for the shorts would be the Daily gann hilo at 192.00

We'll have to see if we either get a bounce or price is going to try and stay below it.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Target reached for my shorts

Looks like it's bouncing off daily gann, I might buy with a tight stop

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Ok I've taken a long risking 1% with a tight stop

I'll add if we get a 15m signal long based on QQE and gann hilo

--- 帖子 #782 ---
got stopped out, will wait for a confirmed 15m long signal b4 entering long

--- 帖子 #783 ---
4h candle has closed below the 100sma

I'd love to see the daily candle close below the gann hilo with the daily QQE crossing down, that would be a strong signal to go short.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
The Daily QQE has crossed downwards and we have a Daily candle close below the gann hilo, this is a strong bearish signal.

Right now we have a bearish flag (continuation pattern) on the 15m chart, once it is broken to the downside, bearish movement should continue IMO.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
we had a 50% retracement of yesterday's fall, price was also rejected by the 1h 50ema

I have taken several shorts and now waiting

My short targets are 184, 180, and 176 area where the Monthly trendline lies.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Ask me, im stuck on 3 shorts, its only my belief that's its in a downtrend why im still tolerating the -100 pip swings. I think its the USDJPY uptrend that's clogging the movements of gj and ej

Nice bird there, wonder how you train birds,

--- 帖子 #787 ---
4h QQE has crossed upwards but price remains to be trading below 4h gann, indication of bearish continuation as long as price remains below 4h gann

Daily candle closes in 1 hour (VT platform), will update on the daily chart

--- 帖子 #788 ---
I guess we have to be on our toes just in case those crazy people in Washington some how get that bail out plan through in the next couple of days, what are your thoughts on it Karmo?

I guess the simple thing is to keep watching the QQE and gann and just trade the charts and worry about the bail out if it ever happens.

GP

--- 帖子 #789 ---
I do have that at the back of my mind, but something interesting happened the other day. The Fed Bernanke pumped into the markets nearly 630 billion and it did basically nothing to the market, so if we do get this bailout of 700b, is it enough? Logically to me I don't think so.

I'll stick to my charts

--- 帖子 #790 ---
I guess it will be a watered down plan as well just to get it through.

Thanks Karmo

GP

--- 帖子 #791 ---
the 4h worked just as expected, it has crossed back down and should be expecting more downside.

My targets are 184, 180, and 176 area.

Daily QQE is crossed down and price is trading comfortably below the Daily gann hilo.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
I'm still holding onto my shorts, we are getting close to my 1st target of 184

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Let's see some charts my brother.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Sure bro

The Daily chart where we can see it is indicating a bearish Daily trend.

Sometimes when we get a bit of a bounce, many people start screaming that it is a reversal and so on, the QQE has helped me a lot to differentiate between a retracement or a full reversal, look at the 4h chart, the QQE crossed back upwards but price struggled to close above the 4h gann, the QQE just took its time and got out of oversold levels and now it is crossing back down which indicates more downside to come.

A reversal would be the QQE crossing upwards and we get a 4h candle close at the same time or maybe 1 candle later, this applies on any TF btw.

If you also look at when the 4h QQE crossed upwards, price also had a hard time to even break the 1h 50ema, all these are signs told me that the bounce was just a retracement and we should sell the rally which I did.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Spending to much time in the Aus Thread from that line.

Great post karmo. This will help many people understand your winning ways. (me included.)

--- 帖子 #796 ---
LOL  that thread will make you go crazy with everyone screaming something.

We're all here to learn my brother

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Hi Karmo,

Thank you for taking time to answer our questions.I was reading this post but I think something is missed or I don't get it.Please advise.I put it here:

"A reversal would be the QQE crossing upwards and we get a 4h candle close at the same time or maybe 1 candle later(Where?), this applies on any TF btw."

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #798 ---
closing above the gann hilo, that is what I meant.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
184 reached already

180 is 80 pips away

Lots of green pips, LOTS!!

--- 帖子 #800 ---
I've closed most of my shorts for some healthy profit

If 1h QQE crosses upwards and we get a 1h candle close above 1h gann, I will start taking longs.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
2nd target was missed by 10 pips lol, but we are here at 180

Now let's see if we will hit the jackpot at 176 where the Monthly trendline lies

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Final target has been hit at 176

Just lovely

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Well deserved my brother.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Congratulations

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Hi there,

Do you see some possible retracement until 180-180.40 area now?

Or south till 172.50?

--- 帖子 #806 ---
I actually see bearish continuation patterns on smaller TF's, so maybe this downward is not over yet.

78.6% monthly fibo is at 170.20

--- 帖子 #807 ---
I see 172.50 as the 138.2 extension of the 38.2 retracement on the daily tf....

But i also take into consideration a retest of the previous supp at 180.50, , also a 50% retracement of this big down move. I will add more shorts there....do you think it's a valid point of view?

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Well I guess this settles definitively who knows how to read the charts .. and who does not!  I'm staying away from the aus thread now except for occasional visits as all it has been for the past 3 weeks is "buy, sell, buy, sell, buy, buy, reversal, buy, sell'

I admit it was confusing and several times sucked me into reversing trades that should never have been reversed.

One person stuck to his charts the whole way .... and that was (drum roll...) ... karmo!

QQE and Gann tell the story simply enough for a swing trader, too many other indicators just muddy the waters.

Look at the daily chart .. after that row of dojis in late Sept, when QQE crossed down, the GY course was set, all one had to do was load up the boat and stay short

Here's to many more profitable GY trades

--- 帖子 #809 ---
KARMO is The Man..

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Anyone take Karmo's advise about shorting at the 4 hour Gann 182.00ish.

yes, Karmo is the Man.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
If 1h QQE crosses downwards and a candle closes below 1h gann, expect more bearishness to come.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Karmo, if you dont mind, could you please post the chart that show  1H QQE Downwards and candle closes below 1H Gann..

Thanks Karmo

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Looks like we have candle close below 1hr gann and the 1hr qqe cross is comming. would you take new position and where would you place your sl if this happens Karmo?

--- 帖子 #814 ---
sure

1h QQE didn't cross yet but we have a 1h candle close below 1h gann hilo

--- 帖子 #815 ---
once the QQE confirms, I would short at 1h 5sma or even 30m 5sma, my SL is always 100 pips and usually it is 1-2% of my account at risk only.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
hmm ure using a static SL, but we could place SL below/above some significant technical level if we have it nearby. stops shouldnt be very wide. but thats what im thinking brother

--- 帖子 #817 ---
I know, but I don't feel comfortable anything less than 100 pips SL and I adjust my positions accordingly, I'll move it closer once price starts to move in my favor.

This is just how I like to trade, everyone is different you know

--- 帖子 #818 ---
For sure brother. Entries with minimal drawdown is what im after  hehe Looks like price bounced from the monthly TL im observing on 1hr timeframe. BTW i have finished reading your thread

--- 帖子 #819 ---
-

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Good good, how did you find the thread? boring? useful or just a waste of time lol

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Go through this thread, everything is in here, a post with the indicators attached, explanations, examples.

You gotta do the work

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Well i never used any indicators besides MACD to confirm potential divergences with minimum "must reach" targets. I just use my lines to spot possible patterns/formations and trade them. Also im in ADR trading as well, everything i do is based on Igrok's trading style and methodology. But these last days when avarage dayly range is very very much expanded and no clear patterns seen i thought its time to read a little and so here i am @ your thread. Lets see how does your stuff permorm in the battlefield brother

Nice thread and keep up the head ups

Cheers

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Great, I hope you'll learn something from this thread and add it to your trading toolbox

btw, I do enjoy looking at the different patterns and formations you post so when you spot one on GJ, please do post it

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Appriceate your support brother. I would also recommend you to go thru Igroks thread and pop in from time to time. Hes the man when it comes to trading. Ill post when any significant formation pops up infront of me, but these days nothing really significant, so maybe your way of trading in such days can help us out ?

--- 帖子 #825 ---
when GJ trends, the QQE and the gann are the best indicators to use, it is not that bad too in ranging periods but you should go for quick 100 pips or so.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Yes as far as ive seen i agree. We just have to execute our plan precisely and always have a SL and sometimes a reverse order binded with the stop.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Have a look at the 5m chart, the 5m QQE crossed up long time ago but price was just ranging up and down and the QQE came out of oversold levels and now it's ready to cross back down. I took some shorts at 177.85 and once the 5m QQE crosses back down and 1h QQE confirms, I'll add some more shorts.

Target would be a couple of hundred pips but the next significant level is 78.6% monthly fibo at 170.20 but 1st I'd look for a retest of yesterdays low.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Very nice i see what you mean. But to be more safier we can check 1hr timeframe and dont look at lower ones, because even 1/4hour produces enough noise. what you think? Also it looks like this might turn out to be an ascending broadening triangle formation in progress right now. Seems we might get 15m QQE cross up and 15m candle close above gann. That would make you go long Karmo? Or just close your short position? I mean only and if this 15m thing happens.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Isn't the 5 sma at the 178.20ish level on the hourly. that's what I got Karmo

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Yah to be on the safe side, just stick to the 1h/4h and Daily TF, you'll get plenty of pips.

Let's see how the 15m closes, but look at the 4h QQE, it has already crossed up but price is trading below 4h gann, that's a big indication of bearish continuation and it might take a while for it to play out but it is a bearish sign as long as price remains below 4h gann.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
correct, but sometimes it gets close to it and doesn't touch it and if I miss the entry, it annoys me like hell lol

so I start scalling in once it is very close to it

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Within 20-30 pips understandable.

Patience my brother. Just kidding.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
If 15 min QQE cross up and we get a candle close above 15m gann, would you engage a long position? Yes i see 4hr QQE. I think some pattern ir beying constructed. I see broadening triangles on GJ, EJ and UJ.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
maybe, but I see bearish setup on 5m and IMO it should play out. You could take a long if u get a 15m signal but I don't feel safe going long unless for a scalp.

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Don't miss the train bro

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Short at 177.98.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Karmo,

Do you think GJ might test yesterday lows 174?

--- 帖子 #838 ---
once 1h QQE confirms crossing down, yes that is my 1st target.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
15m QQE crossed up and candle closed above 15m gann

--- 帖子 #840 ---
yep but I see a bearish flag on 5m/15m charts so I'm not going long, will wait for the flag to break.

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Yes its possible. Im observing a possible ascending broadening formation. Still its only my wild guess, so lets wait and see what NY brings.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Look at the monthly chart, draw a fib from a low of 129.32 to the high of 241.06

when it started retracing on the monthly chart, we had a 78.6% retracement

Now draw a fib from 148.19 low and high 251.07 , the 78.6% fibo is at 170.21 and that could be our next and last stop.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
my earlier short got stopped out, but price is still within the bear flag and now we just had the Feds intervening.

I'm gonna stay aside for a bit and see what develops.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Yes. Actually if you see there was a buy signal on USD/JPY 1 hour 15 mins ago on the touch of the ascending broadening triangles LTL in confluence of todays dayly opening, so we could have bought all JPY crosses at once and would ended up in lovely profit. Just something to check

--- 帖子 #845 ---
I'm thinking the 4 hour gann is going to flip.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
if it does then target would be daily gann

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
It's amazing how Price still reacts to that 4 hour Gann even with news. Wow.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
If price remains below 4h gann and we get the 1h QQE to cross down, that would be very bearish because the 4h QQE has already crossed up much earlier on but price not able to get above 4h gann, if this scenario plays out then expect a new low.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
If price breaks 181.26, next level is 61.8% at 183

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Price struggling to close above 1h 50ema, 50%, and 4h gann hilo.

Also double top on 1h chart.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Thats a DIBS signal (short) on the hourly as well.

Sorry couldn't help myself.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
posted earlier, could i get a link to your indicators?

--- 帖子 #854 ---
what indicator are you looking for?

--- 帖子 #855 ---
karmo the divergence indicator is very bearish at the moment we could see GJ going down 176 any time now...300 pip drop ??

--- 帖子 #856 ---
gann hilo

QQE

basically the one that i cant find on my MT4

Thanks karmo in advance , i will have a lot of time this weekend to go through your thread and without the indicators i might not flow well

cheers

--- 帖子 #857 ---
here you go
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=654

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Maybe he looking for this..

(setting / template of this combination)

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Price remains trading below 4h gann but 4h QQE is already crossed up, this is an indication of strong bearish continuation as long as price remains below 4h gann hilo. The confirmation is once the 1h QQE crosses downwards.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
[quote=karmostaji;2265012]here you go
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...654[/quote]

Thanks a lot bro

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Dear karmo

I am also from dubai and trade forex since last 5 years but not so technical like you specially a beast like gbpjpy i have had bad experiences on it many times but looking at your posts on this thread feel to find it safe if i follow your findings and posts. Keep up the good work bro and hope to talk to you soon one day. Take care and god bless bro

Balaji

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Karmo, did you always use 1H for the confirmation..?

what about small tf like 15M or 30M?

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Welcome to the thread Balaji

I hope this thread is going to benefit you and hopefully you'll learn a thing or two

--- 帖子 #864 ---
You can but in this situation I'm waiting for the 1h QQE because looking at the 1h chart, you can see that supporting trendline, price is currently bouncing a bit off it and I'd like to see price break that as well. IMO if 1h QQE crosses down then that TL is going to break also.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
and you use 5SMA for good entry, how about for exit ?

if you have target, how you decide your target?

thanks Karmo

PS: now we have Closing candle below Gann 1H, but QQE 1H still not cross downwards yet.., correct or not..?

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Just came back from the gym and saw that we had 15m QQE crossed down and candle closed below 15m gann. Was nice and easy 250 pips. Damn, im so unlucky these days. Always missing nice trades with bad timeing After closing the short trade on the broadening formations LTL, we could have gone long and that would yielded ~150 pips as well.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
I set my targets based on S/R levels and fibo levels and TL's.

Yah 1h candle close below gann, but waiting for 1h QQE to cross and the supporting TL to break.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
hey karmostaji, i got a question, what's the difference between the bullish/bearish divergence and the hidden divergence? or they're the same? ... if so, which indicator you prefer to use to catch them? macd, rsi or cci?

--- 帖子 #869 ---
I don't use any of these indicators, you need to ask Scrat, lilmoe or malcolmb

--- 帖子 #870 ---
I took that DIBS trade on the Hourly. Your strategy help confirm that decision. Thanks as always.

1st half 1:1. Second half . . . hmmm . . . alot.

(sorry can't post charts, not at home).

Jim

--- 帖子 #871 ---
1h QQE crossed down and TL broke, 174 has been re-tested, if it breaks then 170 is on the table

--- 帖子 #872 ---
If price remains below 1h 50ema and 1h Gann hilo, and the 15m QQE crosses back down then GJ should head back down to re-test 174 and maybe break it.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I never really tried scalping GJ, I'm going to try scalping using the 5m and 15m QQE and Gann hilo, in addition to the 50ema, 200ema, 100sma, and ofcourse the 5sma. Targeting 30-50 pips only

I'm still going to trade higher TF still

--- 帖子 #874 ---
can you tell us the strategy you use for scalping? because it seems to be interesting!

--- 帖子 #875 ---
I have a question: What is the significants of the 5sma on the Hilo Gain?

I know we wait for the candle to close above or below the gain, for confirmation of either buy or Sell.

But not sure where the 5sma comes into play, and how to use it correctly with the Hilo Gain ??

Thanks for your assistance in advance.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
what kind of spreads are you guys getting right now for GBPJPY?

--- 帖子 #877 ---
i can answer that question if i may, 5sma plays a good role to tell you when to enter the trade, since price tends to stay very close to its 5sma your best entry should be right at it, another thing you could use 5sma for is, when the market is in an upside movement and the momentum for the new candle is pointing down then price is likely to retrace its 5sma.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Karmo, I'd like to ask..

what happen if QQE cross up/down before closed candle above/below Gann?

is that the same result with Candle Closed above/below gann, after that QQE cross up/down?

thanks My Friend

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Lets say the 1h QQE is crossed up and a candle is formed above, so the hourly trend is up

now let's go to the 15m, if the 15m QQE crosses down much earlier and then after 4-5 candles it closes below gann, that's an indication of bullish continuation, so I would wait for the 15m QQE to reverse back up and enter long.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
I learn a lot from you.., Thanks Karmo...

--- 帖子 #881 ---
OK, I want to make sure I really understand this .. you have alluded to this pattern many times.

The 1h QQE is crossed up and a 1h candle closes above the gann (opens & closes above? or just closes above is OK?)

Now watch the 15m and if QQE crosses down and 4-5 candles later (on 15) a candle closes BELOW the gann ... that means bullish continuation??

So you wait for the 15m QQE to reverse back up to enter long.

It seems contra-indicative that you watch the 15m for QQE to cross down AND a candle to close below the gann ... that would seem to indicate a change of direction from bullish to bearish ... see what I mean?

--- 帖子 #882 ---
I know what you mean, here I'll give you a better example

Let's say 1h QQE crosses upwards and the 1h candle closes above the 1h Gann at the same time or 1 candle delay

now if you want to know the 15m chart is going to continue upwards or not, sometimes you will notice the 15m QQE crossing downwards and after the cross by 4-5 or so candles a candle will close below 15m, but remember the QQE closed much earlier, so price might keep jumping up n down around the Gann until the QQE is ready to cross back up, once you see the 15m QQE crossing back up and a candle is above the gann, the bull-run will continue.

Look back on your charts, you will find this same exact situation I just explained.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
actually that was a very valuable information, thanks for this great work.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
OK, now I get it .. and checking back in time helped as well, there are several examples.  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #885 ---
I agree with you.., that is very valuable information!

perhap we should collect every Karmo's posting about QQE and Gann, and then put it in e-book

this Karmo strategy is simple and looks great, but I still need more practice to get used to..

and always taking Karmo Patience pills before open the chart  lol..

--- 帖子 #886 ---
i got a question for you, what if 15 QQE crossed downwards at the same time the candle closed below Gann HiLo but 5 candles later price went above Gann HiLo again while QQE is still crossed downwards, will that indicate a possible bearish continuation?

--- 帖子 #887 ---
That happens, that is why I keep track of the 15m QQE and 1h QQE just to know the main direction, and use a stop-loss.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Hi Karmo,

Thanks for taking the time to run a thread and answer  questions.

I have been using QQE for a while now together with fibonacci levels/clusters etc.

I like the QQE Gann HI LO  system that you are using on the 5 min GJ and followed it yesterday and took a couple of winning trades and one losing one.

As I understand it the candle has to close above/Below  the Gann with the QQE cross taking place at the same time or close to it. THe QQE has to close and if price has moved significantly away from the  5 min SMA, then I must wait until price retraces close to the 5 sma to take the trade.

Is this correct? and is there a defacto stop loss used or some other way of calculating it?   I have heard 20 pips mentioned which seems a tad tight on this pair.

Any way Thanks for your input on the FF forum, its good stuff. That Friend of yours Lilmoe also seems to be a bit of a genius too!

Kind Regards,

Nigel

PS I thought the GJ was wild until I saw reference to the Euro/Aud! 1-2,000 pips a day. Gulp

--- 帖子 #889 ---
scapling requires same conditions for h4 and 1h charts should meet 15 and 5? or on 15 and 5 no need for QQE to cross above 50 line? and please check if the following was a valid signal or invalid one: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...stcount=121147

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Hey karmo, when you make comments in the other thread, could you also paste them in here .. the other place is so "noisy" with opinions in every direction, I prefer to just keep it simple in here

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Sure no problem

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Price is still trading within the 1h bear flag, and we just had a 1h QQE cross down and a candle closes below 1h gann but would like to see the lower TL break first.

I'm still bearish on GJ and should see a re-test of the lows and there's a high possibility of a new low.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Hi Karmo, I was just wondering real quick if you could lead me to where I can learn more about gann lines and qqe. I'v been using MT4 for about a month and I am looking for more teachings. I've read the begining of your thread but as I am new to MT4 I am unsure of how to install and set up your method. I've been trading demo for about a year and half and I am looking for more solid method.

thanks for your time

--- 帖子 #894 ---
There is a search box at the top of this page, you can do a search within this forum .. then what I always do is just google the terms I want more info on, you will find lots of links.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
I'm not Karmo, but  . . .

The best place to learn more is right here on Karmo's thread.

You could go to Aus's thread and web site here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=40582

Karmo keeps it simple and easy to understand.

Remember that  Karmo's main focus is on higher time frame charts (Daily and Weekly). He's Money Management can realize large stop losses, 300-400 pips or more.

Jim

--- 帖子 #896 ---
thanks for the replies. this helps get me started

--- 帖子 #897 ---
My sentiment is also bearish (and I am starting to learn how to read these gann/qqe charts on my own thanks to karmo's many explanations).  However she sure ain't makin' it easy!!!

Just took 2 more patience pills .. hope I won't need the drip

--- 帖子 #898 ---
I'm waiting for London to open before I start trading, plus today Many banks are on holiday so we have a thin market, so price is going to whipsaw.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
karmo could you posting your chart that show 2 bear flag.

==> http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...stcount=121700

Thanks a lot...

--- 帖子 #900 ---
5m but price seems to be invalidating this pattern

--- 帖子 #901 ---
1h bear flag

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Price could reach 174.15 and we could still be in the bear flag, so please enter once there is confirmation and always use a stop-loss. As long as price remains in this flag, I'll scalp and once it breaks out, I'm gonna ride the beast

--- 帖子 #903 ---
How do you define it so precisely .. 174.15? ... I don't see any particular reason to choose that level as end of bearish flag.  Is it a fib retracement?

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Look at the chart I posted 2 posts b4 this one, 174.15 is close to the top of the bear flag

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Hmm .. well I just drew those parallel lines on my chart to match yours and the top lines ends at 175.40 ish .. so 174.15 is near the top, but I still don't know why you ended it right there (I know, give or take a few pips .. but why ... unless it is a time factor .. the upper tl crosses the 174.15 line just above the current candle on the 1h .. whereas where the tl reaches 175,40 it would be several candles (hours) later .. is that it?

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Maybe you drew it differently, I don't know but 174.15 is also a good S/R level so yah I'll pay attention to that level.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Good morning Karmo. How you doing my man?

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Good morning belekas. I'm good thanks, how about yourself?

--- 帖子 #909 ---
So so mate. Just waiting patiently for some setups to pop in front of me you know

--- 帖子 #910 ---
yah, I'm waiting for this bear flag to be broken to the downside, but it might take a while..

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Nice descending broadening formation on RSI 15m and looks like we might have seen the top, but it can go aither way. Check it out.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
By broken you mean it should break through the lower tl that you drew for the bear flag?  Around 170?

--- 帖子 #913 ---
yes and I would love a 1h candle close below it, that would be beautiful.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
I'm slowly catching on to how this works...

--- 帖子 #915 ---
You just need practice, and then you'll spot similar patterns everywhere and on every TF, the more you practice, the easier it gets so keep on practicing

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Karmo, lets say we might have a bearish cross on 15m right now. So you would enter on 5sma retracement or as the crossover was confirmed after and target how many pips with what size stop? thanks

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Karmo, kindly show the picture of your bear flag for me to learn it.

Thanx

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Are u the UTU POWER in Rwanda Politics

--- 帖子 #919 ---
I did several posts ago.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Could be...

--- 帖子 #921 ---
15m QQE crossed down earlier but price has not been able to close below 15m gann, this is an indication of bullish continuation for now, but price is still within the bearish flag.

I don't set any specific target, I'll take anything from 20-60 pips and my stops are always 100

I continue to scalp

--- 帖子 #922 ---
It is on the previous page, a few posts back.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Hello karmo,take a look about this chart.as u can see we are very close 2 history support line that broke down at 179.30-179.50.and now,after 2 weeks of rally down i think is going to 38.2 fibo b4 it will continue down.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
No bearish cross on my 15m QQE... Well its very risky to take 20-60 pips with 100 sl thats what im thinking, no?

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Maybe you are right, price is currently above 4h gann and the next resistance on the 4h chart is the 4h 50ema 177.70 area

--- 帖子 #926 ---
It is but it works for me.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Oh i see. Your using Gann 10 right? Im trying to use Gann 12 for low timeframes as Lil Moe suggested.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
I see, I always used 10 and it works well.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
174.52 is the weekly pivot

175.30 area is the UTL of the bear flag

176.00 is the monthly TL

Lots of resistance above

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Yes indeed. Last time price touched the monthly TL from the downside on the 9th this month, price bounced hard for more then 1k pips. We now have the similar situation as last time, as price is channeling up in possible bear flag/ascending channel.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Bulls are getting exhausted, 175 is a good R level also

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Price is at the UTL of the bear flag, hopefully a bounce from here

--- 帖子 #934 ---
.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Looks like mine is @ 176. Different feeds different paintings. damn...

--- 帖子 #936 ---
my 5m still shows bull intentions. am I wrong?

--- 帖子 #937 ---
hello Karmo, my name is Val, ive been reading your thread for a few weeks now and have got alot of good stuff ( im an new guy), im still on demo (third one) and have been wanting to ask you about if you can direct or just let me know where to start to learn the right way of scalping... thanks again for all the info

--- 帖子 #938 ---
I use the same strategy but I use 5m/15m charts for scalping, everything is in this thread. There are many examples available and charts as well.

The same strategy can be applied on any TF, you can test it out.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Resistance area should somewhere here

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Price bounced off 4h 50ema

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Implication, bouncing direction.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Any thoughts as to direction from here?

Perhaps a retrace to weekly pivot then more upside (before more downside)?

All major pairs seem to have similar patterns, if there is follow through in the US market today, which I suspect there will be since everything is heavily manipulated now .. then GU, GY, EU could retrace just to build up steam before another push up.

I shall pop a patience pill in the meantime & await the latest prophecy from karmo's crystal ball

--- 帖子 #943 ---
4H TL Broken, re-test and now heading to 50% and 61.8% fibo levels

The Major (Daily/Weekly) trend is still down IMO.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Next targets are 50% 181.70 and 184.50 61.8%, plus we have the weekly 5sma close to 61.8% so yah keep an eye on that level.

If those don't stop the bulls, then 190.50 where we have a daily TL and 78.6% fibo.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
I have successfully Downloaded QQE and GannHiLo but it refuse to Open.

What is the suitable Package to be used in Opening those packages, Pls Just help out I need to start using them on my own.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
You need to copy them in your MT4 experts > indicators folder and then restart your MT4

--- 帖子 #947 ---
I see another up TL that can be drawn and price is now testing the understide of that on the 4 hr and trading between the 2 TLs.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
You can right click on the indicator, choose Save As and save it to your MT4 folder:  C://Program Files/YourMT4Program/experts/indicators.

There are 2 indicator folders, make sure it goes into the one under experts.

If it is in a zip file, either extract it to that folder, or just drag it there (not the zip file, the indicators)

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Price looking to close below gann on 1h, qqe crossed down, RSI coming off the 70 level .. lots of bearish action here as well.

I now have popcorn-flavored patience pills, I will just munch on them and wait for something resembling probability to set up.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
the 1h QQE suggests bullish continuation as long as price remains above 4h gann

1h QQE has crossed down but price is currently above 1h gann, so it looks like the QQE is getting itself out of overbought levels and then we'll have another push up towards the 61.8% fibo

if 4h QQE crosses down n a candle close below 4h gann, then bears will be back strongly!

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Just a few minutes to go on 1h and it is well below the gann.  4h gann still pretty far away tho.

Chomp.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
yah I know, for more downside 177.8 needs to break otherwise the bull-run will continue once the 1h QQE is ready to cross back up.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
177.27 is where monthly R2 crosses with a down tl from Sept ... if it breaks that point, that would be weak .. also 4h gann might meet it there.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Damn I love you Karmo.  I've made more money using the QQE's and Gann method in the past two days than I did all last week.  Thanks man!  If I see any setups while I'm lurking, I'll post charts for a heads up on opportunities.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hi Karmo,  Pls can u give details on the way u scalp. What is the setting for the QQE (soothing). I will be glad if u reply me. thanks.  Nerry.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Please do that .. I am interested to know which timeframes you were trading off of & if going for scalps (20-50 pips) or longer moves.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
There's possibly a 5 minute opp. coming up which I'd be targeting the 50 ema on a break above the gann line.  I would, of course, take less however.  Trading is all about protecting the gains that you've made, no matter if it is 20 pips or 100.  This is ONLY and I mean ONLY if we break above the Gann line.

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Everything is setting up perfectly if the daily candle closes bearishly as a pin.  We've seen the 50% retracement today, which is not coincidentally where the resistance from the Gann line kicked into play as well.  Price rejected nicely, and IF we see that bearish daily close, shorts should be the way to go.

If your a more conservative trader, waiting for the 4 hour QQE's and Gann line to break down would be the best way to go IMO.

As you can see, things are still Iffy until we get confirmations from the charts.

Don't think, instead you just need to react.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
I;m waiting for a retracement to the 5 sma now for that 5 minute entry before going long in order to gain the best price.  If we don't see it, oh well, no trade for me until we do and price is reasonable (40's).

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Thanks for that Mike, I was following that.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Sure thing.  We got to the 50 ema and I took profit there.

You'll notice on your 15 minute charts we saw a bearish pin coming off the gann line on the last close and the QQEs are still down.  This is telling me to stay short from here.  I'll be adding to the shorts on a 5 minute close below the Gann line and QQE cross down as well.  I think I will be holding onto these for a while, although I will be setting myself into profit quickly in case this news upsets the market.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Here's that 5 minute close.  Now we need to wait for the QQE to cross, a confirmation candle and Hopefully a retracement to the 5 sma.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Excellent stuff Mike, keep it going

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Thanks Karmo, it's only good because you turned me onto it!  So thanks for that my man!  I've been scalping all day long and I am beat lol  I'm jst waiting for the daily close and then opening longer term positions, then getting some sleep.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Thanks Mike, I'm learning from this.

Take a look at the fibbo clusters I have charted on the Daily and see what you think.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
That's exactly how I have mine set up as well.  Good stuff man!

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Once 4h QQE crosses down and we get a candle below 4h gann, this beast should tank downwards..

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Yeah Thanks, I'm not so use to the GJ, although I'm liking it.  What Stop loss are you using on these  5 min entries?

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Above and below the Gann lines, or if my take profit hasn't been hit and price reverses to the opposite- a cross above or below- I will reverse the position. Occasionally, if I see a solid wall of S/R, I will place stops above or below that point.

The 5 minute will give you whipsaws occasionally, especially in a range. The 15 minute, however, shows less whipsaws and more profit potential. The higher up the timeframe you move, the better chances for larger profit there are.

Karmo may trade differently, and if he does, go with his way of doing things. He is the KING with this method. I'm just a peon lol  Karmo, do you trade the 5 and 15 minute differently?

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Ok Mike, That's great thanks. I like this Gann QQE.scheme. It's very effective.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Very much so.  I've made more in the past two days than I did all last week trading the price action alone.  Ridiculous.  I still trade other methods, but I'm really enjoying adding this to my repertoire after a long time of studying and sitting on the sidelines with it.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
1h trendline looks broken + re-tested, hmm fall now? waiting..

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Price also couldn't close above the monthly TL on the Daily chart, if price can't get above that then that's a good strong bearish sign.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Karmo, what is your variable smoothing do you use for QQE? 5,10 or 12..?

what is the different between that number..?

i see my chart, I think we already have Candle below Gann 4H, QQE 4H cross down (if using smoothing 5),but if use smoothing 10, QQE did not cross yet.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
smoothing 5 and I don't know the difference between the numbers but I use 5.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
why you take short, while H1 and H4 didn't not cross yet, maybe you have another point of view, would you like to explain to me..? thanks.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...stcount=122409

Thanks Karmo.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
sure

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Hello Karmo and others.

I am finding it difficult attaching the QQE indicator on my fxopen and fxdd platform after down loading it from the site. i need some help

--- 帖子 #979 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=957

--- 帖子 #980 ---
I'll reply to this post once I'm free a bit so don't think I ignored your post Mike

--- 帖子 #981 ---
4H QQE crossed down and price is trading below 4h gann, sell rallies

My target is 166 which is the previous low.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
If you change your opinion, let us know in here

At this point it would take a change on the 4h, close above gann etc to signal a possible reversal, right?

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Karmo, i see my chart. look 1H QQE want to cross up, what happen if 1H QQE Cross up..? is that end your selling rallys..?

--- 帖子 #984 ---
I think he would say that the 4h needs to close above the gann.

He should be back around London open and can clarify then.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
after staring at a naked chart for a little while, it looks like we are starting to form some kind of bear flag on the daily chart, have a look at this chart

--- 帖子 #986 ---
According to that chart it could go all the way to 188 or so before resuming the downtrend .. is that what you think?

--- 帖子 #987 ---
if the daily QQE crosses upwards and we get a candle close above daily gann then it's possible but for now I see still a retest of 166 if 1h QQE crosses back down.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
I'm still expecting 166 but we've got some levels to cut through first, I want the 1h QQE to cross down and a candle to form below 1h gann, that should take it down.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
If the 1 hr closes below the gann and qqe moving down, on a scale of 1 to 10 how probable do you think it is that it then goes to 166?

I'm not going to trade off this and I know it is just your opinion and you could be dead wrong, but I am just wanting to know your take on the degree of probability once the gann-qqe conditions are setup correctly for a short (and I know numerous other conditions for this particular short have already been met)

And btw, are you an American (or Brit) living in Dubai?  Or are you native to that part of the world, and if so .. how did you learn such fluent english??

--- 帖子 #990 ---
What was your entry price karmo?

--- 帖子 #991 ---
.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
I've got from 173.50 and I added now at the retest of the broken flag on the 15m

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Yes, the US is the most backward country in the world in that regard.  We should be teaching Spanish from grade 1 and adding in a language like arabic or chinese in grade 7.  We are insane.

My kids were raised in Europe, so they all speak 2 languages, a couple of them know 3 or 4.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
That's cool.

I actually speak 4 languages, Arabic, English, Persian and Urdu (Indian)

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Well if the forex gig doesn't work out for you, you'll never be unemployed!

--- 帖子 #996 ---
karmo you fogot GBPJPY

sorry i felt thats the language you speak best lol

bigups

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Hey, Karmo.

I have seen the momentum indicator period set to 1, 10 and 14 sometimes all right on top of one another.

In reading content here i have seen reference to weekly, daily, 4 hour and more time frames.

Do you use all of these periods and time frames? I did some searches and couldn't find a specific answer to my question. In your posts i think i see more references to H4 and daily time frames but i don't want to make assumptions.

Thanks!

Jay

--- 帖子 #998 ---
mashallah

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Food for thought...

Doing a fib from the previous high of 197.4 to the low of 166.6 it retraced first to the 50, then dropped to the 38.2. Now it has found support/ resistance under the sma200 / 30m.

Does anyone think this might continue down?

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
karmo & forex lion think so, and I do too (although my opinion not worth much! LOL)

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
yes once the retracement is over, price is still bouncing between the retracement fib levels

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Price bounced off the 78.6% fibo but we have a weekly candle close below the monthly TL and this last week it retested the TL and this might it might head back down if the monthly TL is truly broken.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
the 4h/daily chart shows that price is currently in a big bear flag, wait for a true breakout

Keep it simple

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
38.2% turned into support, next level is 50% and then 61.8%

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
The Daily QQE suggest bearish continuation, sometime last week the daily QQE started crossing upwards but price has not been able to close above the daily gann hilo, if the 4h QQE crosses downwards and the bear flag breaks, bearish continuation will definitely continue and price will go below 166.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Daily candle getting rejected for the 3rd time by the Monthly TL, hmm triple top anyone?

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
The 179.20ish level is a very strong PPZ.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Hello, Karmo.

I have seen 10 period momentum on your chart. Do you bother with 1 and 14 period momentum?

Thanks in advance.

Jay

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
no, just the 10.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
4h candle closed below 4h gann hilo, the TL is holding for now but I expect it to break. Patience.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
see bro, here's the problem that i always have, when i have a confirmed signal and price is above/below a trendline i just dont know whether i should enter now or i should wait 'till the trendline is broken, and when i see the break happening i just cant determine whether its too late or its a true break out, do you have anything helpful bro?

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
You're not alone here.

I personally went short when it appeared we had broke support.  Unfortuantly, this never played out.

Here is what I am doing right now.

I closed my short and I am long with a SL and a Sell order below the new level of support.  However, I made my SL/Sell order further than usual for a larger break of that support level.

Now, what I really hope happens is that I can ride long to the DP or higher, then sell rallies.

Hope this helps.

B

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
I know what you mean, QQE's are suggesting of bearish continuation, so I would suggest you to enter short once the TL breaks on a 5m chart and use a SL just in case it was a fake one, but the QQE's don't lie and they tell me the TL will break soon.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
hey Karmo, what does TL stand for...?

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
ohh... i think i got ... trend line..

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Correct, TL means TrendLine

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
thanks buddy..

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Sorry, how you decide where the TL is..?

help me the correct way to draw it.

thx

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Go to babypips.com, School of Pipsology, free lessons will teach you all this stuff.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Price is trading below 4h Gann hilo and 4h QQE has crossed downwards, I'm expecting the TL to break and GJ head lower to the 16x.xx area

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
TL broken

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
I like to see a strong break at the 174.00 which is a 4 hour PPZ.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Sure, let me put in a big sell order

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
That should move the market down Mr. Soros  . . . I mean . . . Karmo.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Hahaha

Look at GU, it looks like it's going to fall off a cliff, once it does GJ should tank

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
That's nice BEOB over the last two days. (not counting Sunday)

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Order has just been accepted

btw my name is Karmo Soros Buffet

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
LOLO

Soon my friend, very soon.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
NICE NAME

Welcome to the new Era.. mr. Karmo soros Buffet

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Are we having fun yet Karmo?

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
The party is just beginning

Expecting a retest of 166 and then a new low, the monthly 88.6% fibo is at 159.92

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Wow .. you had 2 Dads??

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Buffet is the Grandfather

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Who said that trading isn't fun.. . . .oh yeah . . . winning makes it fun.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
4h candle closed below TL

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
It's all about winning, winning is just too much fun

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Things are looking green till now

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Added some fresh shorts at 1h 5sma retrace

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Hello,

Just curious to know your thoughts on if things did not go down, wher eis the key reversal point?

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
The chart will tell me, for now it says Down.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
hey karmo, i just came back from university to find out that the pending order that i have placed below the trendline @ 174.05 was hit, thanks for that advice bro..

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Np bro, enjoy the pips

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
I hope everyone is enjoying the bear party because I am

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Price could pullback and test the red TL I've drawn.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Bear flag on the 5m/15m chart

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Pretty much integrated your QQE/Gann elements into my system... working great. THANKS!

Do you ever use limit orders to enter on retrace to the 5SMA?

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Np bro

Yah I do use limit orders at times, especially with the 4h/daily retrace.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Beautiful, I have so much green pips around me... I'm floating

More green pips to come, I'm selling rallies until I see a reversal.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Bear flag on the 5m chart

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Expecting to see 165 area in the coming sessions

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
mr. Karmo Soros Buffet, I have no word to say... you're unbelievable,

YOU'RE The MAN..

Enjoy the Party sir...

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
great master karmo... you are the man..

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
I love this beast, I hope everyone enjoyed the ride

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
I am a regular reader of yr contribution, karmo. Great advise and contribution from you. Keep it up. From Malaysia.

p/s. cant contribute much , still learning.

Robin

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
This is the breakout trade I took, I'm already loaded with more than +1200 pips

I remain bearish and we should see 15x.xx soon

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Hi Karmo!

I have moved into the new house and the technical stuff seems to be up and running now  You never know!

There is a big Bullish Butterfly on the GJ and a Bullish Crab on the GU (which is playing out better right now). There might be room for a retracement to the 165.00 and 1.65 levels respectively.

Later on I am sure we reach the 15X.XXs

Ciao!

Matt

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Hey Matt,

It's good to see you posting again.

I know I see the bullish butterfly, we will get a good retracement only if we get a candle close above 1h gann hilo otherwise this beast is heading straight into the 15xx.xx zone soon.

Bears are in total control.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
15m and 30m QQE indicating bearish continuation..

15x.xx here I come

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Right ... only the GU Formation was any good... +71 in the end.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Ok I've closed all my shorts, looks like reversal/retracement is starting

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
wait for 163.21 break and trade above it.

It will be a sweet 169 if it breaks, as tp 1, tp 2 could be 173 area.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Yep waiting, plus waiting for a 15m candle close above 50ema

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Welcome 15x.xx

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Hi Karmo,

May I ask why did you close your shorts?when you say "look like",what do you mean?

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
we had a 4h doji and the next candle started acting bullish so I thought it was going up, but it didn't and it just retraced to 4h 5sma so I reloaded shorts when 5m QQE reversed back down. I'm sticking with shorts and ultimate target is 148-149

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Makes sense

Thank you

Mike

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
that boy from auslanco forum been saying the same sh*t since the begining of this week and because im newbie i started closing shorts and entering long on very very weak signals only because that kid kept saying long long duhhh!!!

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
I personally don't trust calls from somebody who uses the position of the planets to make trades.

B

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
looooooooooool

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
mann i wasnt following his calls, he just got me biased man he's about stable as a three-legged-chair

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Trade the chart, only.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
For your reading pleasure....

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...us#post2289384

B

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
what i was trading when i entered long was the charts but the signs i had werent clear, 1 thing i noticed in you and i regret twice a week for not doing the same is that you never trade against the main trend unless there's a clear sign! good luck in your trading bro

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Thanks bro, the trend is my friend

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
yea i have read that before, each thing he has mentioned on that post is likely to happen and if you search alittle bit for the dates he has mentioned there will be an event and the result of that event is almost known,

what is astrology? bullsh*t??

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
What's crazy is that Ronald Reagan actually had an Astrologist that he used to consult for his personal life.  It is claimed he did not use the Astrologist for policy decisions but...

This is interesting:
http://neilspencer.co.uk/pages/reagan.html

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
I know .. that was happening to me as well in the other thread, so many there keep trying to pick bottoms and screaming ' buy buy'  .. I lost some pips believeing them

Now I've learned to filter the noise in there, some I have on ignore, others I pay attention to because they are good traders, but I do not follow all their trades because they are trading very differently from the way I can.  For example, if you have a huge account you can have both long and short positions and hold onto them through huge drawdowns ...

I've found that between karmo's knowledge of qqe  & gann and his patience pills, that is the safest way to trade for the longer term.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Hey Karmo, did you see the cartoon I made for you? (or rather, adapted)

This is how I imagine you passing your time after these past couple of days with the guppy...

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
nice one

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
I have closed all my shorts for thousands of green pips, I can't count them lol

Retracement is starting now, possible targets are 50% / 61.8%

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
hi karmo

could you please give your trades , and why you took it , like this we can learn from u .

thanks

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Hello Imad,

You can read post number 1 , download the template and indicator, you will then know why he takes his trades and you can follow his psots at the same time, i guess its the easiest way to learn

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Well said.

Everything is in this thread, and I post what trades I'm taking either here or in auslanco's thread.

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
well guys , i m sorry to bother u . by the way , i red first post , and i red auslanco too .

anyway thanks for ur help

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Ok maybe not starting yet lol, if we get a 1h candle close below the gann, the downtrend will resume.

It looks bearish again.. so I got stopped out of my longs for some green pips

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
hello everybody

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Hala bro, how are you today?

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
hello bro, am good thanks for asking, what about you?

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
I'm tired n exhausted, haven't got enough sleep the past 2 days lol

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
same here bro, but you know this environment is not going to last forever, you'll get enough sleep later

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
My pairs were consolidating last night. I slept great!

Learning alot from you guys. Perhaps i'll trade the beast with you sometime! Appreciate you guys.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
what pairs you trade man?

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
AUDJPY, AUDUSD, EURJPY, EURUSD

I keep a GBPJPY chart up so i can observe what you guys are seeing.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
nice, good luck

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
We might have seen the bottom, just maybe..

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Hi Karmo,

Checking in from e46f.c from the DOW thread.. Looks like you are doing a great job! Keep it up bro! I will be following your technique and hopefully learn a lot from it!

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Karmo, Congrats on your innumberable Pip count!    Very good show!!!

Beginning of this week I, after extensive reading (about a month) on this thread and the Aus thread, I decided to implement your trading strategy on this beast.  I've been lurking for longer!

10/21 @ 1500 I closed in on many pips using your strategy!  I shorted at @ 173 and TP at 161 on several positions and of course, shorted the bounces to R!  So even more PIPS!  Excellent strategy and thread!

To all who are fluent in Geppy, IS this the norm environment?  Or is this a freak of the world economic troubles?  Sorry that I'm gettin' all fundamentals on you!  I know this Thread is about the K strategy but this kind of activity, if consistent, makes me drool  !!!!

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Maybe not a bottom but maybe a stall or retrace.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Watch out that 141.20 Karmo...

R

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Dear bro karmo

I guess u r so good in this beast that u should start managed accounts. R u willing to handle my account on any profit sharing ratio your desire? I am serious bro.

bye

balaji

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Question to all geppy user's, (I get high on this pair, it seems!)

could we see continued slide downwards..?

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Could see R on @ 148 then down again...Wait on the candles....

Also waitin' on the 5 SMA...

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
hello everybody

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Hey bro,

what's up? Good to see you here, enjoy your time

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Hey Balaji,

Many people have asked me if I would manage accounts or not, right now I have many things going on but maybe in a month or so I will, I'll let everyone know so take some patience pills. lol

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Hala bro, how are you today?

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
We had a 15m valid Long signal, I took it and already up 100+ pips, moved stop to BE

If 30m QQE crosses up and a candle forms above, I will add longs at 5sma

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
im good bro, thanks for asking, what about you?

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Better than earlier el7amdella

I hate being sick

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
lol, el7amdella bro

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
30m QQE crossed up and a candle formed above gann, valid long signal. I'll add on any retrace

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Hi Karmo.

What about your weekly forecast?

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
We might see a retrace back to the weekly 5sma or close it, but first price needs to get back above 1h gann and 4h gann.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
I am..  Learning about the Fibonacci retracements now LOL

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Now...  Waitin' on the 4H GANN and W 5SMA, Right Karmo?

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
those are good ... BUT also learn about the fib extensions .. they are really powerful

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
In Long at 146 looks like resistance at 151.15.  10/24 1930 candle.

What do u think?

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
I'm expecting bearish continuation in the short-term as long as price remains below 4h Gann hilo, the 4h QQE has crossed up days ago and this is an indication of bearish continuation to me. For now price is trading between these 2 trendlines, I expect it to break lower at some point. If it breaks 150.5 then we should see 154

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
hi guys

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Hallo Obaidah!

May you be fortunate in your search for pips!

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Price is already above 4h gann, so bulls should take over for the short-term and we should see 4h 50ema in the coming sessions, that is around 159

btw the 38.2% fibo is 154.3 and 50% 159

from my experience, this beast loves the 50% fibo retracements.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
I only want to say this:

Karmo For President.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Love to hear from you, Karmo!

It's great to hear what you have to say so that I can compare with my own charts.  When they are inline, I have more confidence!

Eventually, I hope I can help out more as well!

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I think Karmo needs to take Ben Bernanke's job!  Within a month, Karmo can have that 700 billion up to 700 trillion!!!

Pay all US national debt, own all the banks and take a small % off of that for himself for his HARD work!

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Maybe be a liquidity problem when your trading a billion dollors a pip.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
I see your point!

Just got my TP hit, entered at 152 and 158 hit!  +600 pips!

Drooling in amazement!  Karmo is SPOT ON, again!!!  Superhero type powers!

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Unbelievable accuracy. I wouldn't have believed this if I hadn't read it myself. what a trade!

As I write , price is settling nicely on that 50 ema just like you said.  Wow I'm in awe of this!

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Karmo is an awesome trader ... but guys do not forget the power of fib retracements and fib extensions....

I use them right down to 5 min scalping charts ...

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Just woke up to see target hit, nice.

I see a bull flag forming but price could head towards the daily 5sma or close to it first and then continue upwards towards 61.8% fibo, but be cautious coz the 4h charts looks toppy for now.

btw, thanks guys for the kind words, appreciate it

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
I have hunch about today ... the dj volume (futures) look low on a wide spread bar . I think they only cut rates by .5% tomorrow so up at your targets looks for shorts.  I believe today may have been a bull trap .

I am aiming for 160 / 161 tonight and looking for potential reversals off that level

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
can exrpence trdr tell me if ok? i no soemthin wrong

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Price is in a kinda big bull-flag, look at the 15m chart

Remember price is still above 4h gann, if the bull flag breaks we might see 159 again and maybe 61.8% fibo at 163.8 but if it goes below 1h 50ema then I don't know what will stop the beast from diving down.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
hmm, what? The fib levels?

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Bull flag broken to the upside as expected

we should see a retest of 159 and then 61.8% at 163.8 as long as price remains above 4h gann hilo.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Daily gann is at 162.8 so if today we close above that, then the bottom is in for the time being and GJ will head higher coming days/week

I'm just saying, trade the chart.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Yup, Karmo, I seem to always feel my fib levels aren't quite where their supposed to be.

Still gettin' the confidence to 'trade the chart'.

Thanks...

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
I have drawn one from 179.18 to 138.99

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
I just edited the 1st post and added a line with a link to QQE and Gann hilo

I hope this will make the life of people looking for the indicators easier lol

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Let's think a little bit more long-term

If today we close above the daily gann (162.8) and the QQE crosses upwards, then we have a bottom for the time being and price will move higher.

Now let's draw a fib from 215.8 to 138.99, 38.2% n 50% would be my first targets.

This scenario will be valid IMO only if we close above daily gann and daily QQE crosses upwards.

Something to keep in mind

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
If we don't get above daily gann and the 4h QQE reverses down today/tomorrow then we don't have a bottom yet and GJ should move lower n make a new low.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
my daily is at 166.ish , how can they be so different, using fxdd and lookbak of 10

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
I just looked at my VT chart and you are right, it is at 166

but on IBFX it is at 162.8, I think its bcz of the sunday's candle

I prefet VT so yah 166

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
we are in a new bull-flag, so no breakout yet, waiting....

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
hi karmo,

what do you mean with waiting? stay away? or buy and get some pills?

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
I guess the flag is broken.Isn't it Karmo?

Mike

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Yes, target is 163.8

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
what we have at 163.8?

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Karmo,May I ask Where did you long?I mean in M15 after flag was broken ?

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
I was long from earlier at 154

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
61.8% fibo retracement

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
we saw a retest of 159 today and a little higher, as long as price remains above 4h gann hilo, longs are good.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
4h chart looks toppy and 4h QQE has recovered a lot, hmm do we start downwards from here or not.. I don't know but I'll be keeping an eye on the 4h QQE n Gann.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Target reached

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Congrats!

Is the bottom still in for now? Would long be still good?

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
The daily gann is at 165, if we close today above that level then I would target 180's

but what I think will happen is that we will go back down and make a higher low

If price goes below 4h gann, shorts are back on and they'll be powerful

If prices goes above daily gann, bulls will tear everything apart

until then take what you get

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Thanks for the 335 pips last night Karmo, I've been reading and learning from you.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
I don't know if you have this one, but here you go, The PIP Medal.

You deserve it. You sure know how to call them.

http://www.fylde.demon.co.uk/pip.htm

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
hello bro, i know that you dont trust divergances but we have a bearish div on daily, RSI CCI and MACD, last time we had those 3 indicators indicating div we was as high as 250, just a thing to keep it in mind.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Price bouncing off daily gann hilo, if we get a 4h QQE cross down and a candle forms below then bears will come out full force and most probably we will see a new low coming weeks.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
You're most welcome, we are all here to learn  even myself

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
honestly i know nothing about divergences lol, don't hate it nor like it

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
haha! i dont fully trust them and here's one of the reasons, if we were in a trending market and the market is waiting a fundamental release or something to decide something, you'll have a divergance indicating a reversal, once you step in and the fundamental release comes with the trend, ur account will be wiped in a blow! so far, the strategy you're following is the best i've seen for longterms but i keep an eye on divergances just to boost certainty or to decide whether to enter or no in case we have a re-newed signal from QQE.

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Hi Karmo.., i just follow your QQE and Gann method for a couple days, I hope I can improve my trading skill and knowledge.

could you tell me beside QQE and Gann, what else do you use for your chart..?

I mean do you combine this QQE Gann with other indie?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Welcome

Read the first post of this thread.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
hehehe.................

thanks..!

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Thanks for the medal buddy

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Price might head back down to test that TL, breaks or not, we gotta wait n see.. I see tough resistance from 165 to 167

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Hi Karmo,

Perice closed below H1 Gann.Any action?

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
That is not a classic bearish signal, it is a weak one to me, price might drop to the 1h 50ema and bounce

The trend will become bearish and confirmed only if 4h QQE crosses down and we get a 4h candle closed below 4h gann.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Thanks Karmo.So Actually we should only take the trades with H4 TF?

I mean just only H4 Gann changes?I've seen before you enter trades with H1.

Sorry to asking question and intrupting drinking Chai.I just wanna learn

Thank you

Mike

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
4h TF is more reliable, but I do follow lower TF's but what I mean was that this 1h bearish signal was not a strong one because the QQE crossed down earlier and after 3 candles or so we had a candle close below the gann, this is usually a sign of bullish continuation but before bulls continue upwards we might see price test the 1h 50ema.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
I got you !! Thank you

Enjoy your Chai and I am going for a Ghahve!!

Mike

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
if 1h QQE crosses back up and a candle forms above, and daily candle closes today/tomorrow above 165 then my targets for starters are 168.2 and 175

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
M15 QQE crosses and GANN changes in the same candle.Isn't it a strong bullish sign?

Mike

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Yes it is, a good entry would be to wait for price to retrace to 5sma

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Long at 160.17

Thanks Karmo.Off to work

Mike

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
retrace to 5sma on what TF ?

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
same TF the QQE crossing happened which in this case was 15m TF

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Nice entry, hopefully green pips will come your way

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
karmo

we are bullish even if h1 is under the gann ??

thanks

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
If you want to be safe, wait for 1h QQE to cross up and a candle to form above 1h gann

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
karmo - if i'm not mistaken, for the 15min long signal, the target is 1hr Gann, which is 162.5 in this case.

is the next target the 4hr 100 EMA?

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Correct

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
hi again

first thanks for your previous reply

what is the target with a trade like this ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
check the posts above

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Hey there Karmo glad to see you are doing well. Have a quick question for you do you think the speculation of a jpy rate cut has been priced in? If not this could move big time to the upside no?

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
The BOJ can do whatever it wants, I honestly don't pay too much attention.

I just trade my charts, use a stop-loss and risk 1-3% per trade

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
gottcha just thought that you might pay attention to that this time as it could be fairly important to the beast. I guess we will wait and see. Your chart has been very informative lately I must say

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
karmo

whats best to use a  trailing stop in this case , since the target is more than 250 away . or we use a hard stop loss

this is my first trade live using  your methode i m up already  73 pip.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
I usually move stoploss to breakeven once i'm up 100 pips and then move it higher manually every 80 pips or so

every person uses a different strategy, maybe u want to take half partial profits and set sl to be for the rest, i dunno.. its up to you how to manage your trade

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Here is a Stop Loss & Trailing Stop Loss EA that I use.

Read the PDF file & play with it until you figure it.

It works for me.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
karmo

i got stoped out at+100 pip . thank you, it was a live trade .

the reentry would be  using h1 ? a candle close above the gann and qqe crossing up ?

regards

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
100 pips is lovely

Yep thats correct, the 1h QQE crossing up and a candle closing above 1h gann would be an excellent opportunity to go long

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Samurai Jack is one of my favorite cartoons!

You definitely dominate the terrible Haku (aka Geppy, Beast etc)

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Sorry for a silly question, how do i upload the gann hilo and the QQE to my plartform.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
take the link from the first post of this thread and save the to ex4 to your metatrader-directory in the subfolder experts/indicators. Then save the tpl file in the subfolder templates and there you are. In MetaTrader choose Templates->Auslance. Voila!

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Hi Karmo,

Please go back to the old image. It gives an impression of your readiness to dismantle the beast GJ.

Which version of QQe do you use on MT4. I saw V4 and V5 on Auslanco thread, both are virtually same. I downloaded the V5. I do not get the crosses the same time as you following your posting. when you say QQE crossing I presume its e 50 line mark. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
check the 1st post on this thread, the link is there for the indicators

and I changed my avatar to a similar one like the one I had b4

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Who are you and what have you done with Karmo?

Oh wait . . . changed avatar . . . .

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
the old ones is better buddy.. more mysterious more cool

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
4h QQE crossed down and a candle formed below 4h Gann, 4h candle also closed below 4h 50ema

Strong bearish signs, I'm short.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Daily QQE has crossed for up, will this carry any weight? Daily Candle is bouncing from gann HL.

Also, you mentioned a good entry is wait for 1hr to retrace to 5 SMA, now is has went beyond, and the lower TFs are still working for the up, do you make you entry now or you will wait for the lower TF to complete the cycle.

What is your initial SL at entry?

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
hi

i entered later when the 15 min cross down and the candle retrace to 5 ma . got stoped out at -200 pip. did i had to wait until the price touch the 4 hour gann to exit ??

regards

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
karmo

now we have candle close again under gann 15 min . is it a bearish entry now?

regards

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Dailly QQE crossed up but price continues to trade below daily gann, this is usually a strong bearish continuation sign, plus we have a 4h bear flag on GJ.

I would wait for the lower TF's to complete their cycle and then enter when most TF's align together and point in one direction.

My SL most of the time is 100 pips.

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Karmo..

Care to xplain how do u align in multiple TF??

Ur entry must be very precise...SL 100 in GJ can be easily take out...

Sonic

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Karmo

When waiting for price to trace back to the 5SMA, how do you know determine if price will not pierce it and go the opposite direction?

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Nowadays it is hard since GJ swings like crazy, but we still got to manage the risk otherwise this beast will eat us alive.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
I use the momentum with 5sma to track retracements to 5sma but yes sometimes price might pierce through it by 20-30 pips, maybe more I dunno, that's why I use a 100 SL just in case it reverses.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
I am a EUR/JPY trader too...I guess EJ and GJ has similar amount of swing at a time, as a 30-40 pips move is a normal...

Nice to see u..Karmo...

Sonic

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
good monring Karmo ... hope you are having a good weekend

not sure if this is going to play BUT is a strong possibility ... with the election next week anything can happen

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Thanks for sharing with us your analysis malcolmb

Anything can happen but hopefully we will get out with green pips lol

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Ok here's my simple analysis, GJ is in a bear flag IMO on the 4h chart, and on the 1h chart we see a bull-flag lol, so if the bull flag breaks then 166 should be a good resistance and once the bear flag breaks then I'm expecting new low's. Another thing the Daily QQE has crossed upwards but price remains to trade below daily gann, that's an indication of bearish continuation to me.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Hi, newbie in forex...

the files posted in march 10th:

###Gann_HiLo_Activator_v2###.ex4  and   ###QQE_Alert_MTF_v5###.ex4

are the last versions? they fit for mt4 platform?

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Yap

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Yes they're the latest versions and they do work on MT4 platforms

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
monitoring gu n gj closely

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
162.30 is the Daily gann, if a daily candle manages to close above this level today then yes bulls will be back for a while.

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
162.45 is the new Monthly pivot.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
What I see is this..

price is above 4h Gann, if 4h QQE crosses up then that's a bullish sign and we will end most probably with a daily candle above daily gann, another bullish sign.

upper TLT of the 4h channel is around 174

200ema on 4h is 173

50ema on daily is 175.5

This is valid only if price doesn't break 159.5 (LTL of the channel), if it does then most probably new low's.

This is my simple plan

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
are you sure that we're not going to reach 141 before the upside move?

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
The upside move is valid as long as price remains above the LTL 4h chart which is now around 159.5

If that breaks then we're going fast n hard.

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
17x.xx is possible as long as price remains in this channel, we have some fibo level that could be good TPs for longs.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Price bouncing off the LTL 4h chart

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
the 4h bear flag is broken, so forget all that bullish talk, it's not valid anymore.

I'm short from 160 area and will hold until I see things reversing on 4h chart

Go bears

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
i missed the train  .. i'll wait for a good price to enter

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
hi karmo

i was wainting for the 4 h candle to close under the gann! we dont wait usualy for it to close under the gann . and we enter the next candle ?

am i late now ? price  is 157.49

thanks

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
You always seem to miss the train, take your laptop and go to lilmoe's place, sit next to him and you won't miss the train next time lol

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
on VT charts, price never closed above 4h gann, but I see on IBFX it has, it would be best if you wait for 4h candle to close below 4h gann and then once it retraces to 5sma or close to it, you can enter short.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
i think thats what im going to do

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
hi

thanks karmo for your reply .

i wait for the rice to retrace on the 4 h chart  or on the 15 min chart .

reagrds

do you this VT   is more reliable regarding this strategy . ?

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Most of the time they are similar on VT n MT4, but I would say yah VT is more reliable to me.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Karmos, I've trusted yr strategy and have left my trade to run since Friday without stop-lost. As long as it does not break the 100ema, it's fine wt me. It may be risky but gann & qqe confirmation shows the direction and that's where it will go. Prior to this, I've lost for not trusting the signals & yr suggestion.

Thnx again.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Karmo, whats your pick on GJ as of now. How far and how fast.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
A close below 155.5 and GJ will tank, most probably a new low this week.

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
closed some of my shorts each for 400 pips

I still got more shorts open and SL's are already in the green, I might sell any rally/bounce towards 4h 5sma

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
for a fresh entry what level do you suggest.

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
15m 50ema

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
shekelhom mfakrena menro7 3ala al work bel camel right?

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
LOOL when I went to study in Canada, they asked me this question and they were dead serious, I cracked up in their face aahahahaha

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
yea yea, their media is telling them things about us that died long time ago.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
lol we should tell them that we go to school in Ferrari's, lambo's, and porsches

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
yea, this will make things clearer for them probably

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
translate

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
sure buddy, i said they must be thinking that we go to work by camel, they refers to some people on auslanco thread

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
I figured karmo just held onto his falcon's legs and it flew him to his destination.

Edit:

I know the avatar isn't karmo, I know falcon's can't support a human's weight, and please... this was my attempt at humor.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
looooooooooooooooooooooooool

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
thats not karmo, thats Sheikh Hamdan crown prince of Dubai.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
whats next

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
My short target 148.19, kindly verify this karmo

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
we go to 152.5 and then up again

R

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Hi Karmo, Glad to see you're back to the old avatar, COOL Buddy..

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
I like it better too

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
if we get a 4h candle close below 155.5 then target will be much lower than 148

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
we get candle 4h close below 155.5 now...., it will go tank..?

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
hi karmo good morning

i have closed my positions yesterday with green pips , thanks .

the market is obviously heading down . what is the best reentry , when the retrace to 5 ema on 15 min chart ? or 4 h chart . ?

how do you reenter ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
I'm holding from 160, 157, 156

you can enter on any retracement to 5sma on 15m, 30m, 1h

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
yes it should tank, lock in profits n wait

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
you mentioned targets below 148 are you thinking that it may test new lows? Man you seem to be reading the market like you are writing it. Nicely done.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
We should see a new low in the coming days, GU will most probably be making a new low as well.

My charts talk to me and I listen carefully, that's all.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Classic breakout trade as well. The touch of the 5 sma on the 4hour and then heading down help confirm my entry at the break of 156.00 at 155.95.

When she starts running, get the hell  out of her way.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Hi Karmo!

Are you based on Fundamental aspect or technical aspect, or both of them?

TIA.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
what's Fundamental? lol, I trade completely based on technical analysis

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Ic hehe, Thanks

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Definitely, great advice

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Traders trying to pick bottoms and buy orders just makes her meaner when she's on a terror.

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
LOL yah, those people have smelly fingers as you say

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
picking bottom can be one of the gr8 mistake for a trader,,,I get burnt few times before...too...

Gota go with the flow...

Sonic

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Picking bottoms (or better said) a retrace should be done with more reasons then just "Wow, it dropped 550 pips its gotta retrace now". I'm not saying you have done this sonic, but I've see traders that have. Some obvious S/R levels and/or reversing Price Action would be a better bet.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
hi all traders,

i just found this thread.....now im got high sell floating with 3 post...is the price will get down back again

sorry with my poor english

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
4h candle closed below support 155.5 on VT chart as well, more bears to come out n play soon.

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Welcome riz,

You have sell positions open? at what price? why are you upset?

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Getting some pip distance past the 154.50 would be nice.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
salam

bad day for me today...my sell post 153.93 / 153.88 / 154.25...

afraid my margin cannot hold for much longer...

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
wSalam

Bad entries and your margin cannot hold? Oh boy, you are using bad money management for sure and over-leveraging, Bad!

You need to step back and look at what you are doing.

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Salam

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
3alaikum alsalam & 9aba7 il5air

how are you bro?

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
will wait...

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
im good bro, thanks for asking, soo, sell rallies?

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Yes sir

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
this is the best way to start your day

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
if price could close below S1 (153.32) ,1st target is 150 .IMO

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Added more shorts on the re-test of 155.5

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
hi karmo

do you usually average your positions . and do you believe it is a good way to trade this beast ?

i mean when you see a good short , do you use enter directly a lot based on your mm. or you think since the strating to build your positons adding lots on every retrace .

reagrds

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Price is well below 15m 50ema, and that means GJ is still bearish

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
I add on retracements and then close some for a couple of hundreds, then re-load again n so on, but I keep my shorts from the top or breakout which in this case is my shorts from 160

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
bear flag on 5m chart

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Hey Karmo, hows it going. Do you know how rare it is to have a weekly chart with the possibility of a double inside bar. Better check out the G/J Weekly. Got a nice one forming right now. See below.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
karmo

are we still bearish ?

regards

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
I still see that bear flag, only my short from 155.5 is under water, the rest profits r locked.

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
good luck with your trade karmo i hope you're right

(i see you're on e46 right now instead of focusing on your trades  hehe)

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
lol don't worry the green pips will come to me, I believe in my chart.

E46 FTW

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
haha im addicted to that shit

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
.............................................

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
I've got 1 short bleeding and the rest in profit with SL set in profit

If price manages to close above 1h 50ema with an hourly candle, I'll exit shorts otherwise I'm remaining a bear.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
well it looks like the bear is over..

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
I closed everything, still ended in the green.

Didn't play out as I thought, no problemo, I'll go enjoy my real life.

Later

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
I already enjoy bear pre-party..

the real BEAR party maybe for the next time..

thanks karmo

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Simple.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
simple

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Sup bro,

I looked for your indicators but I couldn't find the one you are using, can you attach it here or give me a link please

Shukriya

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Ok found it lol

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
karmo.., 15M QQE just cross down.. and waiting candle close below Gann..

tell me, is this need another confirmation to say it is bearish sign? and what is that?

thx

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
I'd like to see the 15m upward channel to break downwards and a 30m QQE cross down with a candle close below 30m Gann.

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
hi forexlion

could you please say what is simple in your chart ? and could u please explain it

thanks

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
well its the mystery indicator the one that draws the lines and the end target was the 610 line and nothing more than that.

and i will be opening a fresh short from the 610 line since 4 hour is still a downtrend.

my target will be the 987 line or 155.18

could be more, depending on how 4 hour plays put.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
hi

do you still see it down the gj ?

where can we find this indi and is it useful ?

regards

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Hay forexline it the any way you can shear this indicator so I can drive test it thank you

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
well the move in stocks was too strong, couldn't get a 4 hour candle close on the 610 line to confirm the short  guess i will wait it out

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
4h candle closed above 4h gann and QQE crossed upwards, I'll be buying dips when price retraces to 4h 5sma around 159 or so

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
karmo

odel this is the second  4 h candle( the 2nd didnt close yet ) above the  gann and qqe didnt cross yet .

what s the time of your broker ? and what MT4 broker is having  the same time as vt?

like this we can follow u

thanks

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
GJ bouncing off the upper TL of the bull-flag

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
IBFX uses the same time as VT but this past day or 2 IBFX is 1 hour earlier.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
i've been looking for some infomation about the leverage they use but i couldnt find anything, is it adjustable?, and what about spreads and commission? one last thing, am i allowed to use scripts?

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
you can choose the leverage, 200:1 , 100:1 etc...

spreads are okay until news time, they are widened at news time and very volatile times.

Dunno about scripts but you can run EA's

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
one last question because im to open account this week

they widen the spread by 10 pips or 100s? and how often do they widen them, 2 times a day?

now those were 2 questions! haha.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
I haven't seen 100s, definitely less.. 10-20 on normal news but if things get crazy, i've seen 40-50

the 10 might be once a day, sometimes nothing at all, it depends

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Just went long at 15m 50ema 158.90

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Hey, Karmo.

I am still getting comfortable with this indicator and have a question. I see reference to QQE crosses on the M5, M15, M30, H1 and H4 timeframes. Do you still utilize all these time frames? What about Day or Week?

Jay

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Generally, from what I have observed on the forum from Karmo and others and comparing it to my own charts, H4 is the big one to look at.  Here is what I understand:

QQE cross onHigher the TF, the stronger the signal)

D       Good for overall confirmation of trend

4H     Agree

1H     Agree

30M   Agree

Gann Candle 0 clearly above or below)

D       Good for overall confirmation of trend

4H     Agree

1H     Agree

30M   Agree

Fib Retracement on the WK, D, H4 and H1 looking for overlap of these to be careful of or exploit strong S/R levels.

Use of the 5 SMA on the 15, 30, 1, 4 TF for re-entry on the dips and bumps to follow the overall strategy.  Other MA's such as the 50 and 200 are also used.

Utilize the 4H and D chart for overall channel of price movement.  These will also provide a good breakout point keeping in mind the above...

My 2  cents.  If Karmo can expand on this, debunk it, whatever, since I could be dead wrong on almost everything!

I'm not  of the Geppy tamer!

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
my SL was below 4h gann and this position got stopped out.

I'm gonna sit on the sidelines for a bit and see what develops.

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
If price reaches 154.4 or the LTL of the 4h TL, I'll try a long.. otherwise I'll wait for 30m/1h QQE to turn bullish.

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Took the short off the touch of the 5 sma on the hourly QQE down.

(Dark Orange line is the 50 ema on the 4 hour)

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
15m QQE crossed upwards with 15m candle close above gann, 1st bullish sign.

If we get a 30m bullish signal, I will take it.

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
1h bull flag broken to the upside..

Target is 161 which is the upper TL of the 4h bull-flag, if that breaks then target is the broken monthly TL around 175

Trade your chart and with confirmation.

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
We have a valid 30m long signal

We also have a 1h candle close above gann, QQE hasn't crossed yet on 1h TF.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
G/Y-

I have the QQE cross up on H4 and H1, with both above the Gann.  This is on IBFX platform.

Looks like bulls are back.  I'm playing the bumps and dips now...

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
I forgot about agreeing with the 4 hour levels. duhhh

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Price went up towards the upper TL 160.80 and bounced

we might be going back down to the lower TL..

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
On VT, the daily candle has not been able to close above the daily gann but the QQE has crossed up a long time ago, this is a strong indication of bearish continuation.

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Meta trader Gann HiLo set to value 12 or 13 seems to agree with VT.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Meta trader Gann HiLo set to value 10 does not agree with VT.  Shows the daily having crossed yesterday.

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
QQE on 1hr just crossed back below the 50 line.  Is this a valid 1hr/4hr strategy sell signal ?

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
yes it is fact that there're some cases when VT HiLo crosses before MT4, however, the founder of this strategy built it on VT not on MT4.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Karmo,

When you are scalping do you use the Auslanco 1Hr/4Hr but on a smaller timeframe, like 5 min? Or a version of your own system?

I like the Auslanco system but would like to learn a good scalping method.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Hey Myke,

I'm not a good scalper lol, but I try.. I use auslanco's method on smaller TF like the 5m/15m and try to grab anything from 10-50 pips n get out quick

I need to learn a better scalping method though..

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Simple

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
hi karmo

do you use the bounce on trendlines ?? when i look at your charts it looks so easy to just enter a buy at the lower line and a sell at the upper one .

thanks

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
It is easy, price could retest the lower TL again and even the lower TL you see around 152.xx

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
I'm long from 154.50 again, SL 154, TP is open

This is again based on the chart I posted earlier.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
hi karmo ( hope u dont do sharjah dubai during the day )

so this long trade is based on the bouce of the pair on the lower trend line ? right ? because the gann on qqe on 4 h chart is bearish ,

thanks

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
LOL nah

I'm relying more on my own TL's I've drawn than the 4h gann because that thing has been all over the place for the past 2 days coz of the ranging. so yah I'm long based on the bounce off the lower TL and 154.4 support

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
karmo

since i am so lousy in drawing these lines . i am using an indicator ? could you pleae tell me if it s right these lines and if this indicator i can rely on it ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
this is the chart

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
I wouldn't rely on any indicator drawing trendlines, you need to do it yourself, you need practice.

When I first started drawing, I have no clue at all, I just kept trying.. never give up

Look at the charts I post and see how I draw them, you'll learn by practice.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
karmo

i will try nd i have been trying , but i find it so subjective these lines , i look at your chart and sometimes you consider the wicks sometime you dont . but i will keep trying and i hope can do it as good as u do one day .

by the way . is there any clue when we do expect these lines to be broken and we we expect the price to bounce on it .?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Price action

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
1h QQE crossed up and a 1h candle closed above gann, another bullish sign

Price might retrace to 1h 5sma

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
KARMO

nice trade we are up more than 200 pips . thanks

by the way when you take trades like this using the trend lines like the last one , do you check smaller timeframe ?

regards

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Yep, it's been lovely

The lowest I check is the 15m

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
how can you trade in market like this?

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
By looking at my charts? Take partial profits and set SL in profit and relax

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
but in the past 3 days it hasnt respected a damn level expect the one you mentioned few ago

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
It's been bouncing up and down in the 4h bull-flag

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
BOE cut rates by 1.5%, a historic rate cut

This should weaken the pound further

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
This is what I'm looking at..

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
I'm thinking we are going to break through support.

Time will tell.

B

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
If price can't get above 154.40 then back down to 150.50 and if that support breaks then it will tank to 139

Keep it simple, price action is king.

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
It did and I was short from 154.40 to 150.50 and then back long from there to 154 and now short again.

It's been fun

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Hi Karmo,

How do you know it will tank to 139 if it breaks 150.50?

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
i think this is what karmo is looking @.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
I'm waiting for that move down to around 140 to go long, 2:1 lev and no s/l targeting 190 long term.

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
exactly

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Price is still within the 4h bull flag and price just retested the broken TL I posted last week

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
A close below 1h gann, 50ema, black TL, and 154.50 and shorts will be back and target would be the 4h gann and then the LT of the 4h bull flag around 150

with the gap up we had today, the 4h QQE have crossed up and a candle has formed above 4h gann, this is not truly bullish since it was caused by the gap up, we will have to see.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
ah ha! this is where i was confused about.

thanks for making it clear.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
I wouldn't consider it bullish until we break the 4h bull flag, I saw the chart you posted earlier in the other thread, it's perfect

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
thanks karmo.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
The Daily QQE still suggests new low's to come and it will confirmed once it crosses downwards, price is still struggling to close above daily gann hilo.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
For GU, I see a bear flag within a big triangle, expecting more bearishness to come for this pair

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Based on the monthly chart, my target for GU is 1.4100 area

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Price is having a hard time to close above 4h 50ema

If price can't get above 158/159 then down we go and it will be hard, a break below 150.50 and we will see 139 easily.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
i would really love to see a bull trap

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
A close below the black TL and down she'll go.. 154.40 might be in the way, if it breaks then tanking time.

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
critical levels

154.40

150.50

once these 2 levels break, 1 word.. Tank

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
As always Karmo...

Tanks for your insights...

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
150.50 is sitting on the Weekly S1, the Daily S1 and the last fractal swing low.  Nearly 500 pips away and it's a temptation to go after the pips inbetween .. but that is scalping with lower probablility.

Some traders in another forum I was in (they were sisters, very successful traders, grew up in a trading family) used to say .. wait for the 'perfect storm' setup then CTC it!

CTC = compound the crap (out of it)

Instead of going for the smaller pip gains along the way they would wait for the setup where all the stars aligned, then go in with guns blazing .. or in this case multiple lot orders and get the max from the move.

This would be breaking a 1% rule .... but do you use compounding, karmo, when you are very sure of the move?

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
hi karmo, just one question. if daily qqe is crossed bullish, why do you say new lows are coming? is it because the price cant close above gann? thx.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Hi Karmo,

Would you mind to post the indicator which draw the Daily and Weekly Support and Resistant?

If you have the MT4 version one.

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Because price can't close above the daily gann.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
sure

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Here's one Mike

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Ooops .. karmo faster than I thought

I forget he is called "the fastest gun in the West"

(western Dubai, that is)

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Yes I do, I add positions after the 1st one is in profit and keep them if I'm expecting a big move coming.

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
price touched 154.40 and a little bounce, I expect it to break eventually

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
GU broke the bear flag

once GJ breaks 154.40, look down below

once GJ breaks 150.50, hell will welcome you

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Compounding Rule explained

Lets say you are trading with $100 and using 1% to trade you picked up another $100 over time and your balance became $200

Now applying the 1% rule you would be trading with $2,

So, as you profit your compounding amount @ 1% keeps increasing, and with every profit you need to earn less and less pips to reach the next compounding level.

This is called intelligent compounding which actually grows your account at the same time keeping the risk CONSTANT.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
karmo, thanks for your explanation earlier today. i could have gotten on the wrong side of the trade again (lol). BTW, just learned about the ignor list. it's working out great. thanks.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
GJ broke the TL, 1h gann, 50ema, and is sitting right on the support 154.40

Just what I was expecting it to do.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
do we meet miss universe 2050 in hell ?

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Sure thing bro

Let's collect those lovely green pips, this week should be good

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
we might meet Miss India soon lol

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
karmo,

would you mind repeating - why you believe the 154.40 is important?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
GU broke the bear flag to the downside, next support level is the LT of the triangle, once that breaks then tanking time.

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Sure

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
the trendlines drawn on 1 h are they indictor based or hand drawn

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Hand drawn by karmo

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Karmo,

In my chart price closed below H1 Gann.Do you think it's good to go short after retrace to 5ema?

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
yes ofcourse, with SL in place

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
hi

what is this list ? could you please direct me to the post talking about it

regards

imad

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
As a G/Y trader , which broker you prefer ? oanda ... ?

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
I trade with IBFX, it is a personal choice

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
for example.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
hey thank you that s a good explanation . i got it

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
hope you took no offense bro.

cheers.

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
no offense , it is funny.

i thought it is something related to karmo strategy . thats why i asked for it

thanks

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
It is actually a very important part of karmo's strategy.

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
It didn't touch the 5ema H1.I missed the train....

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
sometimes price will retrace only to the 30m or 15m, and after an hour or two it will come and retrace to the 1h 5sma

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
There it goes breaking

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
hi karmo

when the 4 h close below the gann and the qqe cross down on 4h , do we add a new short ? is it a signal that the bearish is  being stronger or no ? since the smaller time frame are already bearish ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
taking partial profits. it's bouncing off the 16.8 fibo of the up move.

not sure if the down move is completed for now, but just trying to be safe.

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Yes ofcourse

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
same here and moving stops into profit

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
hehe.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Good point Karmo.Thanks.

I went short from M15 5ema this time.

Already Sl to BE

Thanks buddy

Mike

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
karmo

where is our first target ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
150.50

149.50

139

then new low..

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
The only thing in GU's way before it tanks is .5585, that level breaks and GU shall tank and take GJ with it

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Thanks , but i read many traders had a bad experience with IBFX , what about u Karmo ?

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Hi Karmo,

Let me say thanks for all your insight in this thread as well as Auslancos..

It seems to me that we're trading in a downward channel for the last while, from 149ish now to 158ish. I'm thinking it will hit around 149.5 then retrace up possibly 156-157?? if it respects the upper and lower channel trend line.

I know you mentioned its going to be a blood bath (on Auslancos thread), so I'm just wondering why you think it is going to break out of the range it has been in?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
I haven't experienced anything bad from them except for widening the spread during news and very volatile times.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
The 4h QQE is crossing back down and a candle is being formed below 4h gann. The price is still below daily gann hilo and QQE is starting to turn downwards.

I see lots of strong bearish signals.

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
if there is a small upmove then till where amd where is the downmove going to.

I am planning a fresh short, so wanted to confirm.

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Okay, this is interesting, I need to wait another 75 minutes for a fresh entry signal.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
As long as price remains below the daily gann hilo, I'm bearish and will sell rallies

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
gm bro.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
150.50 missed by 5 pips lol, anyways reached

if it breaks then we should see 148.8 area

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
What price are you guys looking at for a fresh short.. I slept through my entry finnally at 152

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Hi Guys...

1H QQE Cross up.., and candle close above gann..

what is that mean for the bears,  is only pull back..??

thanks

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Its at 4 hr 5sma, could go to 30 min or 1 hr 50ema, and next would be 4 hr gann, still bearish for me tho, looking to short later today

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Maybe we should all chip in the pips you helped us earn and buy you that huge falcon to carry you around...

What is your target for GBPUSD?

Thaks again...

T...

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Target for GU, below 1.5 lol

Looking at the monthly chart, I see 1.41 but that might take a while.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
148.8 been reached too

If price breaks 147.7 then it should tank towards 139 and most probably break it and a new low.

I've been selling rallies lately only..

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Hi Karmo,

In this post :

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...stcount=135124

Do you mean QQE in H1 and H4 or something else?

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
yep the 1h n 4h QQE

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
This is what I've been talking about

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
The Daily QQE is going to cross down today/tomorrow

Last time I said this, it tanked hard and fast if u guys remember

so be careful what you do..

The big bear is out and he's my best friend

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
tp is at 139

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
Weekly Iside Bar break again. As predicted.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
129 by next week Karmo !!

131 and 129 are weekly lows from 1995, next stop for big drops.

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
New to trading and just found the thread, looks interesting.

I was wondering when you have moves like this that are hitting levels that go back more than a decade, would you expect a good size retracement before continuing down? How would you calculate the odds / chance that price would break the previous low?

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
we go by what the current chart infront of us talks.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
Target reached yesterday

still expecting a new low though..

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
4h QQE has crossed upwards for a bit now but price has not been able to get above the 4h gann, this is usually a bearish continuation sign to me. Price is also still below the daily gann hilo.

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Hi Karmo,

I am a little bit confused here.

As you are waitting for price to retrace to 5 ema in H1 and going long here in M15 price closed below GANN and retraced to 5ema and I am ready to go short.

Price is below 4HR Gann and we could consider the market bearish.

How do you analyse that?

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
It will end up ranging up n down if 4h/1h are not agreement with the direction. I will short when a candle closes below 1h gann, as we know the 4h is already bearish.

Plus I see a 4h bear flag with 146 being the UTL of the flag, if price gets there I'll start to short.

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Hello Karmo,

Can you check my chart? My 4hr isn't showing bearish. Can you tell me how to fix it?

http://img220.imageshack.us/my.php?image=gj1hrcd0.gif
http://img146.imageshack.us/my.php?image=gj4hrbz7.gif

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Ya know, karmo I am slowly beginning to 'see' what you see on the 4h and 1h charts and how it works with thie gann/qqe thing.  Not sure why it takes such a long time to learn something so simple but in the beginning, although I understood the rules, I was still not seeing it for myself and missed a couple of the major moves.

Now when you make your comments, I can follow along and even anticipate them.  Hope that will soon translate into a fat account

I have a ton of people on ignore in the other thread, not because some of them are not good traders but the constant chatter is becoming very unproductive.  One person actually started posting & insisting that the direction was up, up & he was building long positions .. but neglected to say until 20 posts later that he planned to hold for months or years (!)

Others scream up, down, sideways .. but are talking about the tick chart.

What I love about karmo is consistency: if the chart says up, it's up until the chart changes its mind   And I'm beginning to 'see' for myself when that happens...

Good stuff.  Please don't go anywhere until I have mastered this

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Good for you ,

I was thinking I've learned Karmo's syatem too but today I messed up

I guess I have to read and practice more.Please share your charts with us

Mike

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
now the 4h candle is above gann and 1h below gann, more ranging lol

Actually I'd pay more attention to the 4h bear flag in this case than QQE n gann, I expect the flag to be broken to the downside but we'll have to wait and see.

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Most of the people don't know how to use these lovely indicators properly, they can't see the magic behind them.

I've got many people on ignore too, and I don't listen to anyone's call there, I just go through it for fun lol, I trade what my chart and indicators tell me only.

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
These 2 days it's been jumping up n down, I'm having a wild ride myself lol

Don't worry, just make sure you use good money management so you wouldn't get hurt much by being stopped out.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Karmo,

Thanks for all of your contributions to these forums. What hours do you usually trade? I'm getting tired of watching for your posts with all of the silly chatter that goes on in the GY thread and it would be easier if I knew your usual times that you are there.

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Starting now until the end of the US session, I'm always asleep during the Asian session.

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
I've added a world clock on Dubai time to my collection so I can keep track of when karmo might be prowling...

I see she failed the WP again, she seems to be getting weaker in her attempts to cross the 146 barrier. And the 4h flag is breaking & 1h below gann again .. I think I missed a decent short entry by about 30 minutes.

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
hi karmo, i have read through this thread. i have been following your trade calls in the other thread. i have already made blunders that have almost wiped out my account. now i only want to take high probability trades only. at least to shore up my account a little. i have downloaded the indicators for the system you trade as well as the template.

now, i see PA is above gann on 4h but below gann on 1h. QQE is about to cross down on ih ( cross 50 line) but still below 50 line on 4h.but you say bearish continuation? again, there seem to be buying interest in GU. so what should i watch out for? cross of QQE in 1h?

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
ya me too..anyway just play with m1 tp 20pips as market uncertainty...karmo..need your help...

1h/4h is not dance together also good for us for up n down ~ 50 to 100 pips..hehehe....just play m1/m30 lol...

karmo...pls help...did you see something else or got any news...

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
I'm staying out until we break this 4h bear flag

I might try a short from the upper TL of the bear flag but otherwise not trading, price action is not normal lately as well. Price keeps jumping all over the place.

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
thanks karmo..will wait 4h break......i may feel in 4 hrs time...hopely

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Hey abasiakara, I know what you are going through .. that was my problem for months!  Now I am finally figuring out one of the most important lessons: when NOT to trade.  And now is that time .. unless you are a confident scalper and/or have some extra play money to play with.

The trick to finding the high probability trades is to WAIT for them to set up properly & do nothing until that happens.

You can take as many of karmo's patience pills as you like while waiting ...

I suggest the candy-flavored ones, keep a bowl by the computer

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Honestly I would lose money trading yesterday and today, actually I did lose a bit yesterday lol

I suck at scalping and this environment doesn't suite my trading style.

Patience till we get a high possibility trade.

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
We've got a whole bunch of agitated bulls in the other place...

I prefer this just hanging out, munching on chocolate-covered patience pills, watching the 4h/1h for the next good setup......

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Kindly give me a link for the indicators used in the setup

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
karmo, in the other thread you mentioned 4h gann as support, 1h as resistence .. is this a general rule when price is above 4h and below the 1h?

Do other factors play into this?

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
Not a general but price is stuck between the 1h gann and 4h gann, the gann acts as support/resistance.

I need more patience until this breaks out, it's boring..

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
if this hourly candle closes above 145.30 and 1h QQE crosses up, I'm going to try a long once it retraces to 5sma

Bulls not giving up yet.., this time it might touch 4h 50ema coz it's right there with the UTL of my 4h bear flag.

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
I'm having 2nd thoughts about taking the long.. lol

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Its getting pretty close to the top of the 4 hr bear flag Karm. Also the 4 hr 50 and we have a new bear bat (not sure thats what it is called) on the 1 hr. Seems it should retrace a decent amount first.

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
I will let it go until there is an hourly close above the 4 hr 50ema.

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
I know but I'm getting tired of waiting lol

146.50 is tough resistance and the 4h 50ema is definitely getting closer, bears should win this battle IMO.

I'll take some more patience pills.

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
I will take some patience pills and a little nap.lol

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Hi Karmo,

Price is almost above 50 ema H4.After candle closes you go long?

Thanks

Mike

Edit:No Longs!!

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
Thanks tradestar. i stayed out of trades yesterday and today. but i watch the charts throughout.whatever i scalp and make, i give it back to the market so i will forget scalping for now. i just need more precise entries.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Congrats on page #100, Karmo!  Only 9153 to go to catch up with auslanco thread

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
4h QQE has crossed down and we have a 4h candle close below 4h Gann, strong bearish signal.

The LT of the bear flag is 142.15, a 4h close below that and we should see GJ tank easily.

My target is anywhere between 130-132

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
LOL Gotta have a lot of patience till we get there

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
4h bear flag broken to the downside, my target is 130-132 area

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Hi Karmo,

Is 142.60 M15 Gann or there is something else to put sell stop order there?

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...stcount=139301

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
previous support area turned to resistance

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
A lot of revisionist analysis going on in the other place

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
Price closed above H1 Gann and retrace to 5 ema.

I am long from 141.50

QQE crossed also.

Thanks Karmo

Mike

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Most of the people there are trading on 1m/5m chart and they're looking for the intraday moves.

Price is still below 4h gann hilo and price tested the broken 4h flag twice now at 142.50

My bias is still down.

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
what would be the correct place to enter a fresh short, since i know 4 hour and daily is still down

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
where price is at now..

but if we get a 4h close above 4h gann then I would be very cautious coz that would mean GJ turned bullish.

I wasn't expecting such a move today... anyways it's Friday lol

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Latest 4h candle closed below gann and well below the 50 ema with QQE crossed up so that is still a bearish continuation.  Rgitt sees a retrace as high as 146 by 10 am today... that could be a lovely short if it plays out.

But watch for confirming short signals before shorting at any level IMO

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Re-posting here:

Today was my first time applying karmo's techniques on my own and it worked to perfection. Can't wait to try again (make sure it was not just beginner's luck LOL)

As I mentioned before, it's not rocket science but you do have to get a feel for it .. and then trust + lost of patience pills

It was spooky earlier when price headed past 143 & the usual suspects in the other place were screaming long, long ... but the 4h told its story & I kept the faith.  Paid nicely, thanks K.

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Definitely, as long as price is below 4h gann, we will see new low's next week

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Hi Traderstar,

Congrat !

I don't understand when you say QQE crossed up so that is still a bearish...

I was thinking when QQE crosses down it mean bearish

Please advise

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
1h QQE crossed down and a candles are below 1h gann. Bearish sign..

4H QQE suggests bearish continuation.

Price is below daily gann.

139 will not hold, IMO.

Peace

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
hey karmo or traderstar, do you close any or all trades before 4pm est

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
It's better to close and have a peaceful weekend

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
good stuff bro

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
No holding for me .. especially this weekend

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
where did he learn those from ... clue your in his thread .... lol

have a great weekend

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
hi Karmo, my first here. this great, pls keep it up.

my question, is how do i take max. profit, considering that prices bounces off the fib levels and could even go against u, without loosing the possible gains due to price extension beyond the initial fib level.

in case of price breaking thro the first fib level, how do we take advantage and placing more positions.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Hi Baby..

i've got to say this fibo tech is brilliant..i hated it but now that i have combined it with my ichimoko tech..it just works to perfection...baby

I only use it for weekly/monthly trades...i;m still learning to trade intra-day which for now is a pain in the a**..i'm 50/50 win.loss so far on intra-day but hope to pick up more tips on Aus's tread and yours.

oh baby....once again...just brilliant.

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Here's what I see for the coming sessions, here's a look at the 4h GJ chart..

If price manages to get above the 4h 50ema and the daily TL (black one) then we should see a good healthy retracement, GJ loves the 50% fibo level where we also see a resistance level. The daily 50ema is around the 88.6% level for now but also keep an eye on it.

If price fails to get above 4h 50ema, then the pressure remains to the downside.

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
If price stays below the 50 (which it is) but above gann with QQE still crossed up .. it would seem to be a no man's land for trading until price goes below gann and stays there for several 4h bars .. do you agree?  I know you are saying as long as price stays below the 50, pressure is to downside, but this is not a place to open new shorts .. right?  Need more confirmation?

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
Hi TS

I would not open new shorts just yet till that bullish div on RSI and hence I think QQE ( do not have indie but thing it is same as rsi) on 4 hr chart is broken . There are some possible bullish signs on different charts right now for a 1000 - 2000 point rally in the dj and hence the GJ , also the usd index is looking to roll over  , that would make Gu rally by min 1500 pips. But as i said Friday was a strange day on the markets with options expiry

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
TS,

I agree with you.  I think the charts are telling us there is no clear direction.  I'm only playing with very small lots this week since it's a very short trading week and the fact they JPY is closed today.

B

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
karmo, would you do this: if price retraces to the weekly pivot/.50 fib and fails, then go short.. and would you do it on a 4h close or a 1h close?  Otherwise I see no probability until it takes out the daily S1 which was the last low at 139.56 and it seems a shame to wait until it gets all the way down there.

This is an academic discussion for me since I will be working tomorrow and travelling all day Tuesday, so will probably not trade this week at all, but I am watching GY as I think this current PA is good for learning how to correctly interpret the qqe/gann when price is bouncing the way it is.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Right, I'd forgotten about JPY closed today .. another reason to sit & watch .. but I think this is a good learning time as mentioned above so I will be watching to see how it plays out

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
I'm currently long from 141.30 since the 4h QQE is crossed up, gotta wait and see if 4h 50ema gets broken or not.

I would consider shorts only if 4h QQE crosses back down and a 4h candle forms below 4h gann.

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Dear Karmo...

POst t pic??

Sonic

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
what pic?

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
abt ur QQE and 4H TF and 50 EMA that u mentioned.....buddy...

can?? thx

Sonic

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
sure

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
My target is the weekly 5sma which is close to 148, also the 38.2% fibo

If we get a daily candle close above daily gann (on VT) then we shall see a bigger retrace.

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
OK, the QQE crossed up some time ago but price was still below gann = bearish continuation.  Then on Friday, a candle closed well above gann .. so it looks like you waited for a retrace (to daily pivot and fib?) and then entered long, is that it?

Once 4h closed above gann, that switched you from short to long bias? So at that point you watch for retracements lower to get in.

One problem ..... sometimes price moves up & down around the gann .. so at this point you are taking short term trades, ready to get out at any sign of a reversal?

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
yes

4h 50ema is the 1st target

yep i tend to take quick 50s and take partial profits.

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
This bearish continuation is still valid as long as price remains below 4h 50ema, you can see the 4h QQE has recovered to the 50 level but price is still below 4h 50ema, so it's not a strong buy signal, now if 4h QQE crosses back down and we get below 4h gann, we shall see new low's.

Plus remember price is still below daily gann, that's bearish.

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
Target reached

I've taken shorts from 144 with stops above 4h 50ema at 145

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
This fascinates me .. why do you pick the weekly 5ma, instead of the daily 5ma or 4h 50 or daily 50 or weekly 10 or .... you get the point .. it seems almost every time there is a different ma on a different timeframe that people are targeting .. how on earth do you decide that?? LOL

Is it because a certain ma will coincide with something else .. like a fib or pivot point??

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Ok, now why did you change your mind??

You're not scalping are you??  Have you been corrupted by the other group??

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
lol I'm scalping, waiting to see if 4h 50ema breaks or rejects, if it rejects then would love to see price get below 4h gann coz that will be a strong bearish signal.

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Hope you grabbed your profit while you could, Mr. Scalper

Rgitt drew a triangle on the 4h last week that makes sense .. she may be headed to complete that after a detour, that would be around 146-146.50 and then down from there.  We shall see.

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Here is what I see. Top of the "box" is 146.4

B

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Interesting .. that agrees with the triangle above ... looks like that 146+ area could be significant.

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Karmo did awesome at scalping ... and he said other day he was not a great scalper .... he nailed the market to the pip today

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Believe me i'm not good, lol

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
She's forming a fractal at that 146+ level, right at top of rgitt's triangle ... let's see what's next.

Definitely a close well above the 4h gann and just now above the daily gann as well .. but I am sniffing something funny about this up move.  However if she gets higher with any momentum, then she may be serious about this northbound express.

Keep scalping, karmo .. and keep 'em guessing

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
One thing I know about bear rallies is that they are impulsive. The pros want to sell this thing higher for the ultimate market crash  ... the higher they can get it the better value they are paying. This week  , with low liquidity in the markets would be the best week to manipulate price up into the lower 150s

The interesting thing is that the UJ is driven by the stock markets , where as the GU not so much. If one looks at the DX ( usd index) we have been forming a top off 88 the usd should get a bit weaker this week , taking Gu and hence GJ higher.

I think we may see some form of retracement of the major down move , maybe even to the 38% fib reatracement on the daily at 160.

I would be interested to see a posting of the a daily chart with gann on it

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
This target reached too

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
I'm long from 146, target is 151, sl is just below 4h gann

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Karmo, are you still hold your long..?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
This is a swing trade and good MM is used. my SL is below 4h gann and if hit i'll lose 2% only.

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Price is in a bull-flag on 15m chart

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
Karmo,

What happened to you today? You were not online. Did they piss you off, answer only if you want.

I know that you are a longer term trader & I'm trying to learn your style. I have found that your predictions, more times than not, are on target. Over on that other thread (Scalper Thread), everyone is screaming up, down, no wait, up, no no no down....

So, what is your take on the GJ?

Thanks,

Vanhook2

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Vanhook, I couldn't agree more .. I am just not interested in trying to catch every possible pip.  Maybe after I have mastered karmo's trading style (which is based on auslanco's) I will check other threads for more ideas .. but probably not.  K makes thousands of pips with a very laid back style that nails most moves.  As you said, in the other place, it is a cacophony of noise & confusion & frenetic pip-chasing.  There may be traders making money, but way too stressful for me.

Karmo, Dra, Rgitt, Godfrey, and a few others have methodologies that keep you on the right side of moves.  If one can master their methods, there will be tons of green pips without spending stressful hours in front of the computer

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
To add to TS's post, do yourself a favor and don't trade the rest of the week.  Whenever the US has a Holiday week, especially one on a Thursday, you're going to see strange and erratic price action.  I am a PA trader and it is way too volitile to get a grasp of true direction.

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Good work u r doing here man, just to say hi

well done

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
I  see a lot of  MA python in your chart.and  you seems  to used all  this nonsense indicator.. ....

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
What does your nonsense indicator tells you ? To buy or Sell?. And Your MA paython....do they strangle each others?

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
I was busying making green pips, price action was nuts yesterday but I stayed bullish until I saw price fail to break 148.

If price manages to get below 4h gann, then my target is 141.50

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Stay out dude if you haven't got anything positive to say, go now go now run to mommy.

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Hi Karmo. Can you tell me what 141.50 represents? Thank you

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
retest of the broken daily TL

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Thank you Karmo

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
I like this type of Chart, simple and straight foward.....No MA Phyton and nonsense Indicator.....The direction are clear

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
why couldn't I see this??  thanks karmo

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
Just 1 more idiot / non helpful person on my ignore list.

Congrats mynor5535101.

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
Hey karmo, are u saying all fib levels for the monthly, weekly, daily 4hrly, 1hrly etc, that all form resistance/support levels, and if so which ones are more important and stonger.

pls explain as yet to grab this. thanks men.

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
It depends on which TF you are trading, if long-term then Monthly/weekly n daily are best to use.

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Short at 146 with a SL with a 30M close above the DP.

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
Hey Naijafx, glad you dropped by .. you're another good one to listen to for trading strategies

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
I was just about to post my agreement with the above .. (and I've been observing all week which sometimes puts you in a better vanatage point to see what is really going on) .. but then I see above that you went ahead and took a trade against your own best advice

Looks like so far, so good....

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
push push push to the down side

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
The downside is not confirmed yet, we need a 4h candle close below 4h gann and 4h 50ema.

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
thanks Bro.. you thread helps a lot! good job!

Please keep update

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
hi karmo, sorry for dragging u back. pls how many combination of the fibs (H1, 4H, Daily, and Weekly) can we use at a time for effective and easy result.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
It's an addiction!

I traded small lots to stay in the action.

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
yu talked about price retracement to the 5sma as if its a fixed price. pls can u explain this principle of price retracing to 5sma. how do we determine the price value of the 5sma.

thnks

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
It was confirmed today and target has been hit at 141 , but if today's candle closes below daily gann (143) then we will definitely see a new low in the coming days

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Tomorrow is my Bday so GJ better tank to new low's tomorrow n give me my present  lol

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Happy B'day then mate, mine is on the 4th

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
Dear bro karmo

If 2mrow is really your b'day Happy B Day bro in advance to you and may this year give you the best of pips in forex. Mine is on 9th Dec so we guess we are all saggitarians. God bless

Balaji

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Thanks johninthai and Balaji

Happy Bday to you too guys in advance

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
Saggitarius' rule , Thanks Karmo

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
Dear karmo

Thanks bro for ur wishes. Till what level you think the beast will retrace now before another fall?

regards

Balaji

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
38.2% or 50% retracement of todays fall

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Well then, have a great day & many pips to you.

BTW, you called it again.

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
hi karmo, i manage to grab 200 pips off that 500pip fall.logged in at 144 thought i could join and it paid off. i put in another short at 140.87. i then decided to read up the auslanco thread to know how the market has been. met the usual. up! no down! how can u short at this level? i chickened out and hedged my short trade at 141.36. u can figure out my dilemma now.

how do i best manage these positions. i can afford a stop loss of 50 pips. at what point do i remove the hedge? 5 min 50ema? will it retrace up to that level? do i just close both positions and take the 68 pip loss? i will be left with 140pips profit so far.please what do you think? any body wants to help? tradedestar are you there?

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
I don't know what I would do, but the bearish trend is strong and no sign of big retracement yet. It could go lower very soon.

Use a stop-loss and don't hedge, it's better n safer

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
thanks. i think i'll leave it untill after Bernake's speech.

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
on second thoughts, i decided to close all positions. more opportunities ahead. will wait for a good entry to short again.thanks

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
we broke the daily T3, which translates into a mighty big fall underway.

should this become a daily chart trend, we will see new lows.

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
Good idea, I agree ..  and next time try not to let the "up,down, down, up" noise in the other thread fake you out

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Best thing you did, learn from your mistake and make sure you come back here and make some green pips

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
Happy Birthday Karmo

Mike

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Karmo

Happy Birthday

Quick question.  I was stopped out with a 100 pip trail.  Made 200+ pips so certainly cannot complain.  "When to get back in" is something that has troubled me in the past.

Is there something specific you look for before re-entering the same direction?

As always, your sharing of your expertise is greatly appreciated.

T...

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Happy Birthday Karmo!

B

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
Happy Birthday Karmo.

Another year coming of green pips, brother.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
Here's to another year of mega green pips

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
lol ts .. I think you got the wrong sex on Karmo's Birthday Card

Happy Birthday Karmo

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
you never know m.  (j/k)

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
The pic is supposed to represent him .. Lord of the GPY Pips

I'm not going to post a hot babe pic for a happily married man!

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
lol he is Married ... not dead .....

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Happy B-Day Karmo! Hope the Geppy gods are kind today!

Rob

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Thanks everyone

It's been a lovely day with lots of green pips

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
karmo,

happy b-day bro.

got a question.

if 1 hr price closes below gann hi/lo, but qqe does not cross down then how should i take this as?

thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Thanks bro

If QQE doesn't cross then it's not confirmed, you must wait another candle or more until it does, because price could get back above gann before QQE crossing n u might end up taking a loss.

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
thanks for your help bro.

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
OK, let me try an analysis here ...

GY is well below gann on 4 h but still above the QQE

GU is below gann and QQE.

So I would think the next best short entry for GY would be on a pb to 141-ish, the Daily R1 and .38 fib, if there is little buy pressure at the time.  This would also be a 4th retest of that area .. and since daily should close below gann & QQE crossed down today, the next drop could be substantial.

Comments?

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
Can/will you show your GY chart with your Fibs.?

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
The pinkish area is where I would re-enter/add if it gets there with weak upward momentum.  Daily QQE is just crossing down and daily may be forming a bearish engulfing.

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
It helps me to see other people's Fib levels.

To see if I'm on track or not.

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
hey folks

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Hey bro, it's been a while since I last saw you around, everything is okay?

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
yes it has, everything is just fine, thanks for asking  what about you bro?

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Everything has been great

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
thanks Allah, hope everything been doing great too

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
OK!  Now that we know you are both fine ... what's going on with the guppy??  Please remember to post comments in here karmo

That 141 pullback I was hoping for looks more improbable .. there was a good short entry around 137.40 earlier .. but what's in the crystal ball for the next week .. or two?  Any chance of a really decent pullback?

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
hey girl, its been a while, here're some charts and i hope you sure your thoughts please,

h4 qqe refuses to cross to the downside and daily momentum been recovering while price going down, however, im looking for bullish/reversal signs but its very possible that we'll visit 130-129 before anything interesting happen, for the comming 2 weeks, i'll be looking for break above 140 followed by 147 to confirm the reversal, the rest of details are listed on the chart, good luck

the third edit: break below 129 and this senario will be very invalid, i must get ma coffee

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
I agree there is strong resistence to this just taking a dump which it should do, that's why I was hoping for a stronger pullback to the 141ish area as that could give it the momentum into the 120's.

She's really back in no man's land at the moment, needs to break above 141 or below 129 as you said.  Just scalping opps in here.

Have a great weekend!

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
But first we need to lay the egg, and for that  the hen must find a cockerel first.

Anyways, yes there is a strong resistance in this area and plenty of wood to chop before we get anywhere, and the forming chart is suggestive of nothing more than 138.30 for now.

I could be wrong.

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Price is above 4h gann, 1h gann, 1h 50ema, so buy dips and first TP is 4h 50ema.

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
achieved and crossed, next ?

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
will wait to see if 4h candle closes above or below 4h 50ema

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Hiya Karmo!

That would be a close < or > than 139.64 4H 50 ema on my chart.  What of the QQE on the 4H chart is upwards since the 2nd of last week.  This confirm bull move?

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
the 4h QQE is bullish for now, but for GJ to be truly bullish, it needs to close above 4h 50ema and break the daily TL at 141

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
here's the daily TL

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Thanks!   I see how you got that daily TL, I've had it up on my chart, but saw it fairly far off.  Keep a close eye on it along with the 4H 50 ema.

As always, I'm thankful to you for sharing you experience and insight!

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Got that pullback to 141-ish (140.74), sometimes I surprise myself

Still just observing as I have been on the road, travelling, will probably start trading again today or tomorrow.  Now looks like a pb to 138 (convergence of S/R levels & fib) is needed to short again. Or maybe 139 the 4h 50 ema?

While it stays below the daily gann/qqe I still prefer shorting the upward pullbacks, I know our Karmo is morphing into a scalper & works both sides now.

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
I've been busy managing accounts n trading, that's why I've been posting less.

We already have a 4h candle close below 4h gann, we need a 4h QQE to cross down, we should retest the lows and possible new low's.

We had a weekly retrace to 5sma and also price bounced off the daily TL.

The big picture remains to be bearish.

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
Dear Karmo,

I've read through your trading method and followed your posts on Auslanco-GBPJPY form.  I am intersted in your trading method.  Do I need any additional indicators than the ones mentioned in your first post on this forum?

Also, how do you calculate your stop loss?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
H4 TF QQE just cross to bear signal.  Waiting for the new H4 Candle to form to enter positions.

H1 and 15M TF are in alignment Under Gann and QQE crossed bear...

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
Dear bro karmo

Hi how r u? Happy belated Eid to you. I did not get you when you said busy managing accounts n trading? I thought u r a full time trader? Do u manage forex accounts or what?

regards

Balaji

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
Hey

I'm good thx, how about yourself? Thanks, same to you.

I'm not a full-time trader, I work for our family business, plus I trade for myself and I do manage forex accounts.

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Dear bro karmo

Thanks for ur reply. I am doing good in life except forex. The problem is I do not have spare time to concentrate on forex hence was looking for someone to handle it as a managed account. Can u let me know on your terms and conditions for the managed account like the account size, broker, profit sharing ratio since I would love you to handle for me the managed account. Take care and god bless

Balaji

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
WE have had a nice run to the upside, which I can't explain, but we have hit some major pivot/fib levels.  Could this thing be turning around now, that 138.56 has been it.  Any Thought Karmo?

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
IMO this could be the turning point, I'm gonna wait until the 15m QQE crosses down and we get a candle formed below 15m gann, just to feel safer lol, even though the past 2 days this beast has done whatever it wants n didn't respect no indicator nor anything else LOL

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
That sounds like not only an Excellent Plan, but a Safe one as well.  I will follow your lead on this one.  I am watching it very closely.  These pass couple of days have been a little frustrating.

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
If the Daily Gann and S/R level 138.50 should meet, we could see more down side. (imo) They may be close enough already to see some down side.

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Karmo, I am in a short on GBP/JPY Entry 138.02, how low do you think this thing will Go?

You think we will hit the 134 Area?

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
As long as price remains below daily gann (139), the pressure is to the downside

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Now above Daily Gann, 135.30, and rising...  QQE still hasn't crossed up on D.

H1 and H4 still below Gann and crossed down...M30, M15, M5 pointing up....

Need them to line up.... like shooting ducks!

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Happy New Year Karmo, Hope you had an awesome christmas.  What's your thoughts on GBP/JPY?

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
And... he is right again!

Listen to Uncle Karmo in '09
And you'll do just fine!

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL!

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
hello everybody and happy new year, hope everybody will do just fine, and thank you TraderStar

so, have we bottomed? finally?

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
happy new year guys, and many more pips in year 2009.

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
here's the same old Auslance EA (first introduced by Godfreyh) with few things added and some bugs fixed,

Added:

1. Divergence filter

2. Max bar length allowed based on calculating the average moves for the currenct season for the last x days but we have allowed the user to choose the deviation like max = average*deviation, so if diviation is 2 then the max length is twice as the average.

3. we have added automated-optimization for QQE and GanHiLo parameters so that the parameters are changed according to the market conditions.

in order to set up the automated-optimization you must do the following steps:

1. "copy" the terminal folder that includes the compiled EA to another location on your drive, and then run your "original" terminal, click on expert properties and set the settings as listen in the attached picture.

2. from expert properties check the variables to be optimized with their intervals and save the file in name QQE.set in your original terminal folder

3. do the pre-optimization once and calculate the time needed for optimization to enter it in the settings.

for further information see http://articles.mql4.com/506

fixed:

1. at least one type of lot size types must be chosen

2. if money management is true then ignore manual lot size.

3. the last peark/bottom price-bar and last peak/bottom of indicator can be different (in case there was a divergence in the last peak, specially when using long periods)

this is all i can think of, due to depending on lagging indicator, it just keeps failing in traps or false spikes, so "in case" there's a further development it will be on volume and spread.

comment: automated optimization will not function while using pre-optimization (normal optimization) or while backtesting, it will only function when using it live on real or demo account. hence the attached picture represents the results without automated-optimization.

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
Happy New years Dreed

GJ shall go up to the daily 50ema which is around 141

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
Happy new years TradeStar and I wish you and everyone else more green pips in 09

Happy new year bro

For now yes, since the daily QQE has crossed upwards and we have a daily candle close above daily gann, so I've started buying dips, ive got longs on from 135.90 area, taregting 140s with stops in 134s

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Thanks again Karmo for your Posts... They are extremly helpful. Got in my Long at 133.40, and my Target price is 139.15, and I plan to get back in going Long on a Dip, after I capture those inital pips.

I also Plan to be done trading before the Non-Farm News Comes out.

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
hi karmo,

daily 50ema is around 146 on my plattform, why we have different numbers?

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
I believe you have done very good job. Thanks! But where can we find the EA pls ?

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
hi Karmo, can u let us know the time period u will always be around this thread, cos i noticed replies from u takes quite some time.

thnx for a great job.

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
I'm on vacation that's why

from next week I'll be posting as before

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Ding ding ding

Easy money!

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
im soo sorry i forgot to post it, here it is....

COMMENT: please remember that EA is adjusted according to historical data and does NOT guarantee success in any way, demo that EA in case you're planning on taking advantage of it, and remember that any trade taken by that EA might be a loosing one..

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
check that EA and tell me what further developments can we do

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Do i see the next daily dip at 137.50 on the down ride. I see some resistance at 139. lets ride it out.(i do not know how to use the ea)

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Do i see the next daily dip at 137.50 on the down ride. I see some resistance at 139. lets ride it out.(i do not know how to use the ea)

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
double reply overloaded.

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Hi Bro Karmo! good to hear from you Happy New Year and have a nice good vacation..

noted at daily timeframe target at 50ema but at my chart 144.45 any comment?

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
I'm back from London..

so let's get back to trading

I'm waiting for Frankfurt/London markets to open before I start opening trades

Price is below 1h/4h gann so those TFs are bearish, but price is still above Daily gann (133.80)

Patience

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Hi karmo,

What's your analysis regarding EUR/GBP for the intermediate & long term & outlook for this whole year ?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
I don't trade nor have an idea about that pair, sorry.

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
welcome back bro, hope you'd enjoyed it

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
Zoheir! It's good to see you.. where have you been? how are things with you?

Thanks, I definitely enjoyed London

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
I was running around trying to save the business, been hectic for the past 6 months, I haven't been trading much , but this year I have a good feeling abt forex, and of course when I came back to FF I had to land here first

it's good to be back and see you Karmo, god bless you.

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Nice bro Karmo.. tf15 good scalping just close 50+50 pips nice... TQ Master Karmo!

FF server a bit slow several time msg try to reply can't get thru..

Now PA under 134.00 as per your analysis..

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
Karmo since I read your and Auslanco thread a lot of trade method I've learn and it worth it! thanks a lot.

Now watching PA heading south any target for new low ?

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Looking like a nice double bottom.  I am long with 129.53 as the stop, if it breaks its yesterday low, then I guess it is not finished exploring the basement.

Happy New Year to all .. glad you enjoyed London Karmo, we lived there for 8 years .. loved it .. I really need to get back for a visit.

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
well ... let's see .. got stopped out of above trade at -10, then went short and made pips, then long and made pips, then short and made pips .. in other words, business as usual in Guppyland.  She obviously likes to stay south for the winter...

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
Hi TradeStar,

It's good to see you posting, happy trading

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Today is important, we must see whether price will get above the daily gann or below 4h gann.

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
4h gann is currently around 133 and the daily gann is around 137

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
4hr gan already above and candle below it.. QQe 4hr haven't cross doted line and still above 50 line... 1hr QQe cross below 50 line but daily gan still holding to downside as well as QQe.

So Karmo is this means we still in bearish? until daily gan turn to north than only can consider bullish trend start ?

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Yes, the trend is bearish to me until the daily QQE crosses upwards and we get a daily candle close above daily gann hilo.

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Thanks Master Karmo!

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Thank you Master Karmo!

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
any updates

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Hi Karmo seems like GJ will go down further if broke weekly fibo at 124.xx and may go to new low again. Please correct me if I'm wrong.. I'm still learning. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
hi traders,

I'm going to go through the thread from start to finish to better understand karmo's QQE trading approach... but before I do can any of you "regular" readers/followers let me know if their have been changes made to the system that have yet to be updated on the first page??

ie: sometimes you get half way through and suddenly things you have been reading and trying out have been drastically altered... leading back to square one

Looking forward to this for sure

many thanks

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
Hello there,

Nothing has been changed, I use the same system and if there is any questions or doubts on your mind, just post here and I'll explain it to you.

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Since last night 1h QQE crossed up and price bounced off 119.xx but it has not been able to get above 1h 50ema, so this is not a true bullish signal. Price was also not able to close above 4h gann but 4h QQE crossed upwards, this is a bearish continuation pattern and we could see a retest of the low and even new low's as long as we remain below 4h gann.

Use good Money Management and a stop-loss.

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
since asia session I'm not trading just wait and wait for retest yesterday low.. thanks Karmo your thread and trading system is brilliant!

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
Hi Karmostaji,

i am following AUs strategy, but i,ve seen u have a 50 ema (like u said before) in ur charts. Is there others ema/sma u add plus 5 sma and 100 sma (and now i see u use 50 ema too)?

Tks.

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
I use

50ema

100sma

200ema

5sma

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Hi Karmo how is your fibo level have price? how you indicate the price level together with fibo line?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Open your Fibo properties, Fibo Levels & add the %$ to your levels

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
thousands pips thanks vanhook

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
Hey Karmo,

did you get out in the snow?

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
Hey Karmo, Do you think gbp/jpy is headed for the daily 50 ema? I kind of have that im my sites.

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Hey Myke,

Didn't get snow in Dubai, but we got in another Emirate called Ras Al-Khaimah

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Price needs to close above 129 (daily gann) on the daily for me to target daily 50ema, otherwise if 4h QQE crosses downwards then GJ is headed back down to the low's.

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
Hi Karmo.. just asking are you related to Sultan Karmostaji or you The Royal Highness itself ?

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Yep we're related.

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
i will start studying your method tonight

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
I knew he had royal blood

PS  I've been busy helping daughter buy a home in Houston so not trading or posting too much but still following this thread.

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
I like that .... lows .... has a nice flavour to it.

seems 127 / 126.50 is key

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
Yes TradeStar you better follow this thread since I know Karmo and Auslanco thread I've learnt a lot of thing. People here very helpful and friendly too.

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
Nice too know that.. no wonder you're brilliant like him

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
Malcolmb do you think GY will hit low today or next week? Any advise ?

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
If break 50ema at 4hr chart maybe next target will be at 61.8 fibs ( 125.03 ).. any comment? koz I'm still learning and everyday is new lesson to me..

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
note sure if there is a way to off set the qqe signal line so that it gives trades earlier or zoom down into a lower time frame , but i think you need ot have qqe signal line cross under qqe ( much like I use a sma on my rsx indicator)

one comment on the fib retarcements .. make sure you plot them to exact tops and bottoms otherwise you will be out. The one you drew is slightly off

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
Thanks Malcolmb really appreciated it!

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Hi newkidfx. The retrace fibs should have been drawn from bottom to top, instead of top to bottom. A good rule of thumb to remember while you're learning, is to always draw them from left to right. Then you don't have to figure out each time whether you should start from the bottom or top. You just follow the rule and it will turn out right. Eventually the top / bottom will start making more sense and you won't have any problem with it.

If price had broken below the 50ema and the lower trend line, I would have opened a short trade for a 50% retrace to the 124 area. The 61.8% fib around 123 would have also been a possibility. Now that it's broken the upper trend line instead, and price is back above the Gann, I will be looking for a continuation north. But there's a good chance we'll have an Asian retrace first, maybe to about 128. The 4H 200ema around 132 is an area of resistance above, and it looks like a good target for Monday's London or NY sessions if the tide doesn't change in the meantime. I wouldn't be surprised to see 134 - 136 sometime this week. But I'll be taking it one day at a time since the larger trend is still bearish, and things could change quickly.

Keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
Hi Pips Cruiser thanks for your comment and advise it's really hepls a lot. I try to master the fibonnaci style hoppefully still learning and keep learning from you guys.. cheers!

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
hi karmo,

i think, right now, chart pattern on cable looks little more clearer than geppy.

i see possible shampoo forming on cable. if the neckline breaks then it sure will take geppy at least to the 120 area. IMHO.

hi cruiser. good to see you.

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
if u all understand karmo's technique, its a sell since yesterday, never buy.

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
that's what i was doing since the market open this week.

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
GJ is not normal this week, not respecting anything. I've been burnt a bit since Thurs, I guess this kind of PA happens once in a while, it's best to stay out of this crap..

As long as 129 is not broken, no longs for me.

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
agreed. will have to wait till it makes sense a little.

thanks karmo.

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
price moving side way. will stay out till it comes out it's range.

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
Thanks for this Post.... I had send you a Private message, but this post lets me know pretty much your thoughts on what's been going on lately with the pair.

Thanks again Karmo.

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
I have been out of the country the past couple of days, Just got back home yesterday, so I'll be back this coming week

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
I'm glad your back.

I'll be looking for you next week.

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
Welcome back Karmo!

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
welcome back!

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
that is ,,,,,,,

welcome back,,,,,,,, welcome back Wise man!

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
welcome back

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
Thanks ya'll

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
Hi Karmo what your opinion for this week chart for GY ? if you don't mind can you post your chart

IMO (noobs opinion ) base on daily chart if on monday CS perform above 50ema maybe next target will be at 100sma is it possible ? correct me if I'm wrong.

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
Karmo,

I am buying at DP and WP.  As long as we stay above water on the daily, I'm long.

Your thoughts?

B

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
As long as we stay above 4h gann (134), it should be good but if we get below 4h gann then we could see a bit more down, say to 4h 50ema and lower TL of the 4h bullish channel around 131.

I would go short if the 4h bullish channel breaks and we get below daily gann hilo.

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
Price bounced off 4h gann hilo, now if 1h QQE crosses up and we get a 1h candle close above 1h gann, then we could see high 137s/138 by the end of the day.

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
Thanks Karmo!

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
yoyo! its been a while bro, good to see you here again..

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
if it that happen, so best place to enter Long is arround 5sma on 15M. is that right?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
Lines up with my analysis i've posted at my thread. Price bounced from ascending channels ML (median line) and it might be looking for its upper border 137.30-50 on my chart. Pretty the same view Karmo =)

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Better have to wait until 1hr QQe cross upward and 1hr candle closed above gann.

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
and then enter on any retrace to 1h 5sma.

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
where is 1h 5sma now?

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Do you want me to trade for you as well?

Plot it dude, I'm not a babysitter here.

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
hehe i have no access to mt4 at that time,dude.

now i'm back to screen.

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
seems like UTL hard to break

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Just close my long and start to short at 5m qqe cross down below 50 line and 15m qqe cross downward targeting at 50ema.

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
hmm seems price pull back..

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
4h candle has closed below 4h gann hilo on IBFX, that's a bearish sign.

1h candle has closed below 1h 50ema for first time since the uptrend from 129.

GJ seems to have turned bearish for now, target for shorts is 4h 50ema which is around 132.

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Plus we are in a nice 4h upward channel, 4h 50ema coincides with the LTL of this channel.

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
What do you think will be a good entry point ?

135 if acts as resistence ?

thanks

Edit> or 135,25 -> 4h 5sma ?

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
yah 4h 5sma is a good entry, with stop just above 4h gann

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
that, my friend, was the perfect entry point.

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
karmostaji must be celebrating!

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
lol I wish, but I just got home from the hospital, GJ tanked nicely but so did my body on me and my fever skyrocketed to 39..

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
karm ... hope you are ok .....

all those green pips got you way to excited !!!

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
lol I'm better now, thanks

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
lol, take it easy bro, OR I'll start BUYING..

be ready for next round of 2500pips

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Wow, take care of yourself Karmo... trading can wait... all of the best

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Get well soon bro..

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
I hope to recover quickly,

and do not worry karmo the 39 strong resistance,

watch out for yourself be careful and you will be well soon,

God

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
lol I'm ready, just waiting for a candle to close below daily gann and I'll be all in

Thanks Myke, newkid, and freed

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Price remains below 4h gann and 1h gann, bearish.

We have to wait and see if todays candle closes below daily gann (129), if yes then we could see some real tanking..

btw price is back below daily 50ema as well.

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
Can you post here if you get a trade order please?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
karmo, do you look for retracement in a bearish setting (according to your rules)? or do you hold as long PA continues to be bearish below ur rules (ie below gann, crossing etc).

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
I don't post trade calls, I just post my analysis

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
I do look at 15m for retracements or rallies to sell into when 4h/daily trend is down and vice versa when the trend is bullish.

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
what is worrying me is, we havent seen any retracement.. we are limited with 5min ema, and that is nothing. I was hoping we are going to touch and bounce from Daily gann in early london, so we can revisit and broke in NY.. now.. I can t say short until we retrace a bit 382 500 618 or the best is if we can test 50 ema [1h]. After that the shorts are SAFE

me think !

cheers, and get well

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
could explain your method for selling for retracement? how far up in a bearish environment do you look for?

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
I'll give you an example, it might help you understand how I pick my entries.

Let's say 4h just turned bearish and we got below 4h gann with QQE crossing down. I'll wait for 15m QQE to cross up (usually during asia session) and wait for 15m to turn back bearish, that's when I'll make my entry.

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
i see. that's pretty cool. so your thinking is that once PA turns bearish, it doesn't immediately tank but will go further up and then drop?

so when H1/H4 TF are bearish (below gann, QQE cross down), u do not make a trade?

when u say crossing and bearish, are they synonymous, or do you look for crossing of the 50 line to confirm?

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Price always retraces to 5sma, on any TF and that can be used for entry, especially on 1h/4h/daily.

When I say crossing, I mean QQE crossing the dotted line downwards/upwards.

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Karmo,

Keep in mind that all the money cannot replace good health.  Hope you're feeling better.

B

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
its okay bro, hope you get better soon..

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Thanks bro, n good to see you

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
thanks Karmo, hope you get well soon.

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
Hi Karmo. Glad to see you back!

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
good lesson as always

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Looking at a naked daily chart, I see this..

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
Price is below Daily, 4H, and 1H 50ema and is currently trading below 4H gann hilo.

Price could also close below Daily gann hilo today/tomorrow, we'll have to wait and see.

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
Bullish broadening wedge

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
Good to know, thanks bro

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
No problemo and can i get a few bottles of patience pills to relax untill the solid setup pops up?

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
Glad your feeling better brother. Stay well.

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
karmo,

have been wanting to ask: is that a peregrine falcon in your avatar? & is it really yours?

anyway, nice thread!

ultra-belated happy b-day to you.. (3months late; just started posting today --- finally!)

What caused the fever? glad you are well & back to the action, peeking at the beast with "falcon eyes"..

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Hey supremeChaos,

I don't know what kind of falcon is it lol, and no it's not mine.

Thanks for the bday wish, and the Doc's have told me I've got a throat n chest infection, it's getting better slowly.

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
off topic..

most probably it's a peregrine...  nice

your throat & chest infection, most probably are related to your latest trip or even the previous London trip. try to avoid taking medications, recuperate via fruits & veggies if possible.

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
Hi Karmo,

This is my first post at FF.

Take a look at this chart. It has a gann 240/10 (TF/Period) and 1440/10 imposed on the chart with the extremes prices outside of the bolinger bands. The bars are colored based on multiple time frame qqe 240/5-240/10.

I am not sure if this would help establish a higher probability entry.

Of particular interest are the white and yellow bar combinations. They suggest reversal and/or consolidation.

Reds and Blues hues are obvious.

The second chart is esentially the 4H chart with the period changed to 1H. Gann does not change. All other indicators change with the change on chart period.

Your input in the above pursuit would be invaluable.v

I do not want to clutter this thread with indicators unless warranted.

Thanks

Pat

PS Belated b'day good wishes to you.

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
Pat,

i'm trying to learn MQL programming. can u direct me to where all those indicators are found (except the QQE's)? & what are the names of those indi's? Thanks...

by the way, nice observation about Gann.

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
codebase.mql4.com

the official mql4 resource.

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
forexlion,

thanks, i'm aware of the mql4 website.

what i was after were the indicators in Pat1's charts. they seem a little unusual. I'd like to check them out & see if i can learn something new from those indicators (syntax, etc.)

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Last week we got a 4h QQE cross down and a candle close below 4h gann but the candle right after it closed right back above 4h gann again, price is also still above 4h 50ema, so the signs are bullish and indicate bullish continuation.

As long as price remains above 4h gann, 4h 50ema, and Daily 50ema, then I'll target 137 first and if broken then 141 area.

I'll think of shorts only if we get below 4h 50ema, Daily 50ema, and Daily gann hilo.

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
Another chart I want to share, I see a triangle on 4h/Daily chart.

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
As expected, 137 has been hit and 4h QQE is crossed upwards but need to wait another 2h30m just to confirm it.

141 could be the next target if price remains above 137.

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
maybe we get 141 befor NY session

I am puzzled

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
15m QQE has crossed down earlier but price has been ranging between 138 and 139, this is a good indication of bullish continuation as long as price remains above 1h gann hilo.

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
What is you stop loss strategy. if you have a chance to explain.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
I look at 15m for entry and SL is usually 100 pips, risking 1%

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
137 acted as support, GJ could be heading to 141 in the coming sessions if it can remain above 137.

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
karmo,

interested how did you manage your trade last week on your "short" trade. you were gonna go all in but now the tide has changed and gone back up. may i know how did u manage that for e.g. when did u time ur exit? by just allowing it to hit SL?

thanks!

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
ofcourse, that's why I use the SL, to get me out if I'm wrong

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
so if though QQE for H1/H4 has crossed in reverse direction and ur SL is not hit. u still continue with that trade?

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
I tighten the SL until it hits or if I get lucky, it'll reverse to my favor again.

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
We have a nice bull flag on GJ 15m chart, wait for a breakout, most likely to the upside.

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
karmo,

just like to know. how long do you sit in front of your screen everyday? do u just enter the trade once the setup is right and go about doing ur thing?

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
its been a while, dont you think?

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
It depends, I'm always at my screen when Frankfurt/London opens and whenever I'm not, my mobile is with me, so basically 24/7 lol

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
What I see, I'm expecting to break upwards soon.. we wait and see

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
karmo,

when you say u use ur mobile, is MT4 charting software supportable? which phone are u using?

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Yes it is, I use HTC but any mobile phone with Windows operating system will work with MT4, I use IBFX.

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Hi all .. I've been a lurker lately as I've been travelling a lot and waiting to close on my daughter's new home in Houston (where I am now).

Also, I feel your pain, karmo, I've been sick off & on for weeks with some wierd cough-cold-throat thing.  I treat it holistically so no doctors, but with all the travelling it has been hard to get on top of it.  I'm going to an acupuncturist tomorrow & hopefully he can 'needle' the last remnants out of me LOL.

I've been trading casually in demo account following the good analysis in here and doing very well .. I plan to start trading live acct again when I am finally re-settled, starting next week.

Excellent commentary in here as always

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
The upper TL has been broken by 1h candle, it looks like 141 is on the way.

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
Hey TraderStar,

It's good to see you, It seems you've been pretty busy lately. We'll be waiting for you here once you settle down

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
There was no follow through after the breakout, so price has been wondering around the same area for hours. I'm going to be keep an eye on 1h and 4h gann Today/Tomorrow, especially the 4h QQE n Gann hilo.

We might have a nice short setup coming up.

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
Tough day yesterday, 141 was hit eventually.

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
hi Karmo

i am still a new trader leanrned most of the basics but can you recommend some pdf's or articles to read i am intersted in QQE n Gann hilo most of the posts i found here are from many years ago and i can't view even the images so if you can recommend anything i will be greatful

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
karmo,

price just closed below 1 hr gann, but qqe not crossed down.

do we still party?

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
Don't Feel bad Karmo, I also had a difficult time trading this beast yesterday. Trying to get back in sync with the Market.

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
Most likely as long as price doesn't go higher than 140

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
Price has been bouncing around the fib levels, plus we have a bear flag in the process, I think we should continue downwards once the retracement is over, but it's being stubborn for now and I could be wrong.

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
But as usual, you weren't

Nice drop

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
What level would you add to shorts now.

What about SMA(5) 1h.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
hmm, 4h bull flag? 4h QQE crossed down since last week and ready to cross back up, price is still above 4h 50ema. I'll need to see it below 4h 50ema for more bearishness otherwise if price manages to get back above 4h gann and 4h QQE crosses upwards, then expect high 140s to 150

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
The chart speaks

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
Daily QQE crossed downwards and a Daily candle closed below Daily gann hilo, strong bearish signal.

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
I'm glad to see you back.

Hope all is well with you.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Once 135.50 breaks, my target is 129 based on the Daily chart.

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Hey Vanhook2

Thanks & it's good to see you too.

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Price remains to be below 1h 50ema, which indicates that the current trend is down

sell rallies on 15m chart as long as price remains below 1h 50ema.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
we are half way there.. patience

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
sell 138.80 target 130-131. Buy 130-131 target 151-153

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
Karmo,

Where have you been?

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
Hi bigcoupe,

I'm here, haven't been posting much lately..

I hope things are well with you bro

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Hi Karmo,

good luck recovering!

If you find time, could you shortly maybe share some ideas where it went "wrong" with your trading?

Lost of focus / mindset

just the new market conditions

previous system mechanism dont work anymore

etc

hope to learn something of this.

Thanks in advance and again: best of luck!

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
Making some here...Losing some there....

March has not been good to me.  I rely on PA the most and the pair isnt playing fair ;-)

B

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
GodfreyH modfied an indicator to to show QQE for different timeframes, i've taken that indicator one step further so now it shows if price is above/below Gann HiLo, and it works as follows, if QQE is crossed upward and price closed above gann, a green shadow will appear (look at the chart), if its crossed downward and price closed below gann, a red shadow will appear BUT if qqe is to the upward and price is below gann then no color will appear (that would be optional, you can change that and set a color, in fact you can change any color you want)

comments:

1- make sure you have Gann HiLo indicator and named as ###Gann_HiLo_Activator_v2###

2- make sure you have QQE indicator and named as QQEA

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
Obaidah,

Can u fix this QQE_mtf (renamed) with this Gann & QQE file version? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
Nice.

It looks like it will reduce the flipping of charts or time frames.

Thank you for your hard work.

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
I'm not sure i fully understand what you exactly mean, if what you're trying to say is that you still cant get that indicator running then try to copy the attached files  (with THIS post) to expertsindicators

if thats not your problem then please explain alittle bit.

comment: sorry for not attaching Gann HiLo source code but i dont have it.

anyway just do what i told to do

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
That is really cool.  I cant wait to implement it into my trading.

B

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
its the least i can do to return the favor, alot of people helped me become what i am and im just trying to pay back!

hope you enjoy using it, good luck

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
Obaidah,

excellent... Thanks to GodfreyH too.

It seems almost everything is possible with the FREE MT4.

Appreciate this a lot.

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
yet, the indicator buffering system is sooo dumb, and object creation needs some improvment, but yes, almost everything is possible

enjoy!

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
GJ daily is in a nice uptrend or more like a big bear flag to me..

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
150 may well be a good shorting opportunity

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Interbank FX is introducing 5th decimal pricing!

As part of our continuing commitment to delivering the optimal customer experience we are introducing 5th decimal pricing on our currency pairs. The 5th decimal prices will be available on our demo servers on Sunday afternoon at 6pm EST on April 12th, 2009 and will be available on the live trading servers on Sunday afternoon at 6pm EST on May 17, 2009.

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
Price is very close to the upper TL of the daily channel

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
Right where im taking profit on my third and last long position. Reverse from there looks tempting with a tight stop.

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
just waiting for the 4 hour QQE to flip, and we are on our way DOWN

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
Price is below 4h gann but still above 4h 50ema, so the bear is not in full control, if price manages to get back above 4h gann and 4h QQE crosses back up, then the next target is 153+

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
146 has been a good support level, we could bounce from here..

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Good call Karmo.

I went short when we approached the Gann on the 4H.  We'll see how she plays out.

B

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
We had a bounce from 146 but got rejected by 4h gann, this is the current range it seems, the breakout shall be sweet

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Price is currently above 4h gann but we need a 4h candle close above the gann and GJ shall be on it's way to 155 area.

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
First of thx for yr posting regarding GJ analysis.

u have made template for  QQE & Gann hilo.. but how to view this. Ex4 extension file.and which chart software u r using?

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Hello gurugs,

The charting software is MetaTrader (MT4), you'll need to download the QQE n Gann files and paste them in the MT4/Experts/Indicator folder

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
The charting software is MetaTrader (MT4),is freely availble on internet.??

else pls post the link of EXE File through which i download.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
gurugs,

if i may...

MT4 is free. several brokers offer it for a demo account. U can try it & download from these:
http://www.ibfx.com
http://www.alpari-idc.com
http://www.alpari-us.com

or look here to find a broker that offers MT4.

& the indicators u are looking for are not in .exe formats. Find them in this thread's attachments (look for "289" with a PIN beside it above, right beside where u click on the pages--- at the row above where u see "Post Reply" & the pages)

or alternatively, u can search for it within FF.

Answers to your questions are just around you(& have been answered many many times), if u would just exert a little more effort & read a little more.

U have been a member of FF for quite awhile. Take full advantage of it.

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
I'm looking forward to 4h QQE crossing upwards and a 4h candle close above 4h gann and a break of 148, then my target will be 155 area

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
4h QQE crossed upwards and we have a 4h candle close above 4h gann, my target is 155 area now

Time for some patience until target is reached

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
Hello Karmo...

Hope you are doing fine?!

Please tell me on my QQE i still dont have crossing...My smothing is 5 and it is just very close to cross but still not.

Can you explain me what do i need to change in my propreties?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
Here is my chart

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Hey sony,

I'm good, yourself?

The 4h QQE was crossed when the 4h candle closed but I see now it is slightly uncrossed because of the small retracement we're seeing, your settings are fine.

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Thanks ...fine too.

Thanks for this...It is a realy powerfull ind.

I am treadeing your way...nice and easy...with some patient pils and whiskey

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
4h QQE cross confirmed now, so hopefully nice trending upwards from here on..

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
OK Karmo, but momentum is pointing down.??  I thing we may retrace to ~ 147 (Gan HiLo).

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Hi Karmo,

Been observing you do Analysis since a year ago in Auslanco thread.

But seems recently you have lesser post. Why?

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
Many clowns in that thread, that's why.

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
Guess so. That thread isn't as good as it was. flood with new guys.

Look forward for more of your post here.

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
Karmo

Are you still using your old fixed 100 pip stop loss?

Or any other?

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
mostly 100 pips, and sometimes 200 but dividing position in half.

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
4h QQE is bullish, 1h QQE is about to turn bullish and a 1h candle close above 1h gann, I expect more bullishness and my ultimate tp is 155 area

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
Hi Karmo, r u still holding ur longs ?What would be a fresh entry for longs now?

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Hello Karmo.

Just a quick question for you. In Auslanco's original system he is using the LevelStop-Reverse for trade confirmation and for stop losses. I don't see it on your charts anywhere. Are you still using it or have you discarded it? If you are still using it, is the ATRperiod still 28 and ATRmultiplier 2.75 or has that changed ?

Thanks

Pahadi

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
yes, a fresh entry would be once 15m QQE turns bullish, price bounced off 4h gann again.. there is still chance for the bull.

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
Hey Pahadi,

I don't use the levelstop reverse anymore, sorry.

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
Thanks Karmo for your reply.

Any reason why you are not using it?

Cheers !

Pahadi

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
Hi Karmo,daily QQE has crossed down,if we close below daily gann what will be ur bias?

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
That didn't work out, anyways let's move on... price is below 4h gann and bouncing off daily gann hilo, today's daily close is very important.

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
Hi karmo,

4H price jus bounced off 4H 50 Ema, and closed above 4HGann Hilo

1H price closed above Gann Hilo at 9Gmt, crossed 50 line.

is that a good set up for price to break 149.30?

How would your analysis be?

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
I was looking at the same setup but didn't work out well, price action is just crazy this week and GJ continues to range which sucks for this system unless you look at 5m/15m charts.

The range is 145.70 - 149.30

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
Hello Karmo

That 15min sistem is Auslancos system?

For 5min i am using Piters Doske and geting out when QQE60 cross on the other side..

What are you using for those systems...?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
Yes, that's what I found out too. It's crazy this week. for the last few 4H candles, it drop like crazy from top to bottom range. If you all might realise, there's a down trend from 15M chart. I expect it will go down to 145.80 if the next 4H candle closed below 4H 50EMA. Hope i'm correct

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
absolutely crazy week, i agree too.

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
From 118.80 to 151.50 , we have now met the resistance around 148 area, the btm of financial crisis back to 1998. So for the next 2 weeks, we might have ranging until monthly candle closed.

If closed above 148, like what we see, price may rose up to weekly .382 fibo.

If closed below 148, we might go back test 118 as the past 3 months with bullish candles mgith be just some retracement of downtrend PA..

Can I have your opinion, karmo?

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
Hello Karma what is your analyses if not mind I feel  we should retrace it list .chart showing over boot on qqe. what you thinks

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
I've been asked several times to post QQE trend map indicator so im posting it here since this thread contains followers mainly use qqe and gann, but make sure you write the pair name in capital letter.

trend map.tpl goes into the template folder, the rest goes into the indicators folder

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
Thank you so much!!

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
Thanks Obadiah!

Anyone know what happened to Karmo?  this is one long vacation even for a multi-billionaire like him

Miss u karmo, hope you come back soon.

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
his last activity was 5 hours ago, he's around but not posting

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
Obaidah indeed has a very sharp eye.

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
Hi Karmo,

I have been trying to keep up with all the posts on your thread and have not been able to do so.

As all traders are trying to find that one that works best for them, I have noticed how highly everyone speaks of your expertise and system.

I see that you also live in Dubai and was wondering if we could meet for a coffee and discuss your strategy.

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
lol.. i dont know what made me look at his profile.

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
LOL

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
Nice to see your handsome smiling face again .. or whoseever face that is...

PS  this is traderstar under a new alias

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
Hello

What are parameters for QQE and Gann? Screen shots for VT? Thank you

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
Thanks, good to see you too

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
I have missed you also Karmo.... Miss our chats regarding the markets.

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
i would like to suggest you well but one thing that is more urgent is to know your status so kindly post me it so that i may suggest you in a right way thanks

well wisher

sajjad anjum

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
I'm going to explain the strategy I use to trade GJ and I'm going to be posting my weekly/daily analysis of this pair.

I don't use anything fancy, I use some basic stuff that most traders use and some common sense

The indicators I use are: Fibonacci retracement levels Trendlines/Channels 5 period simple MA Candlestick patterns Support/Resistance levels Momentum As you can see it's all simple and basic stuff except maybe for the fibonacci retracement, because every trader could use it differently....

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
hi I was wondering could you please email me some of your recent charts where you entered and exited it would be greatly appreciated liamdeburca@live.ie

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
Hi everyone

It's been a while since I posted anything on here, I've been trading very very little the past several months, I've been busy with other things in life. I hope everyone is doing well and trading profitably

Let me post what I see on my chart and indicators..

4h looks bullish, candle is going to close in 20 mins, QQE is crossing upwards and price is nicely above 4h gann, if it stays this way, I'd consider a long position and target 100-200 pips or set sl to +1 after its up 50 or 70 pips and let it run.

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
Nice to see Your post again

Zuzia9

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
thanks for coming back ....i have been looking all over to see ur magic again....stay bless.

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
Hi bro! Welcome back!...  glad to have you back. Where you been hiding? Hope you already drive your favorite car..

Only you can tame the beast.. thanks for the chart.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
Hey bro, thanks  I've been busy but no worries.. I'm here now.

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
Good to know I'm out of patience pills lol.. Hope with QQe 4hr cross up and 4hr gan also bull I'm expecting GY will touch and closed above 157.03 and next target will be 162.xx . imo

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
4h QQE has crossed up, best enrty would be at 4h 5sma which is around 155.30

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
glad your back on

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
If price stays above 4h gann, and 1h QQE turns upwards and price gets above 1h gann, GJ could go to 159-160 which is the next resistance area on my chart.

Go short only if 4h QQE crosses downwards and we get a 4h candle close below 4h gann.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Hi Karmo what do you see on GY for today? Any comment or chart to share ?

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
so fast like you what try to ask and i,m typing lol..

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
I already start buying at 156.19 hmm hopefully GJ can reach my target at 157.xx.

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
What happen to GJ down?  currently near to hit my sl..

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
Seeing this brought a smile to my face

Welcome back brother...

Good to see you back here where you belong. May the next few months bring you many of your famous green pips.

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
Hey bro

I hope you're doing well & thanks for chiming in mate

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
hi karmo

long time not see here

how r u mate????...what do you do???

i'm very happy to see you here again.

with best wishes

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
Hi Shahroodi

I'm good thanks, how about yourself? yea it's been a while.. I hope things are good for you.

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
GJ is trading above Daily 50ema and Gann, above 4h 50ema, it looks bullish so I'm buying dips until the trend changes on Daily/4h chart.

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Bounce or Break

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
hoepefully break to upside I'm buying also and hit sl +1 then buy again since 1hr/4hr/daily price above gan. buying at 156.36 sl 155.71 tp 157.58.

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
Hello KARMO.... Man, its so good to see you... To Say You've Been missed, would truly be an understatement & it would not truly, do it justice.

I am Soooooo Glad you're Back my Friend.

I agree with you in regards to GJ. I've also, been buying on the Dips, and usually entering in on a 5 min Time Frame. Karmo, as Long as the price remains above the 50 ema and the Gann, I am only looking to go Long for now.

However, once this Baby turns and change direction, I am on it. Karmo, as we have discussed before... I just really love it, when we short this Beast.

The Bulk of my Account was Builded, based mainly from Shorting this beast....Things fall faster than they Assend, so my Brokerish Account has grown exponentially as a result of the Huge falls this beast makes...

However, until we get a change of direction, my game plan will be buying the dips, until the trend Changes on 4 hr chart.

Happy Trading my Friend.

DREED

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Looks like bullish continuation pattern on daily chart if today's candle doesn't change much

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
Hi Karmo,

I agree with you. I will buy GJ after cs above gan and QQe cross upwards meantime I have to wait

hope today can touch 158-160 area already good for me.

Best regards & trade well

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
TL broken and retested, looks like 160 area is next.. price is also above 1h/4h/daily gann

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
thanks for ur great analysis i have heard so much about u and reading ur thread...

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
Glad to see you back Karmo   I got some good pips on the down move today, classic Auslanco setup!

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
Hi Karmo & All Good trader,

IMO for this week GJ will touch 160.xx - 162.xx area due to 4hr/daily/weekly and monthly price above gan and QQe cross up very bullish. My target for this week 160.27 1st traget and 162.62 2nd target let see how it goes.

Best regards.

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
Greetings All Good Trader!

As for yesterday price hit my 1st target and I'm still holding bulls for my 2nd target 162.xx and already set my sl +200.

IMO With current PA right now anything might happen unless 1hr QQe cross below 50 line I will start selling  for safety reason Me also scared with current PA

Meantime have patience and trust your chart.

Best of luck!

Rgds.

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
As long as price is above 4h/Daily Gann, the trend is bullish

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Hey Karmo,

Good to see you again.

Agreed on above statement. IMO, 50% fib level (167.37 on my chart) might be reached.

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
Hello Karmo, I must agree with you.. the GANN indicator has been so reliable and my account has grown exponentially as a result of it.

I've been entering off a 5 min chart, and capturing pips along the way, and the Gann indicator has given my entry & exit signals... However, the larger Time Frames  (4hr /Day chart) give me my over-all Trend.

I am sooo Glad your back in action Karmo.

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Up we go, trend is bullish still..

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
It sure is Karmo... Price is still above the 4 hr Gann = Bullish trend..

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
IMHO for tf 1hr and 4hr target base on my chart i,m looking forward price might touch to 158.03 area ( 61.8 black fibos on 4hr ). If price want to retrace will be at at 4hr 5sma before go down again to 158.xx area. I'f i'm wrong I hit myself with my notebook

Wishes all Trader have good green pips especially The Great Karmo

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
We have a nice bull flag at the moment, price is above 4h/daily gann and both QQE's are crossed up still.. bullish looking chart to me..

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
Hi Karmo,

I have been studying this strategy for the last week and would like to thank you for sharing with us

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
Might a good entry be a 1h qqe cross up to go long?

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
Yup, that would be a good entry.

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
Greetings All Good Trader!

Today I expected GJ bear trend as per my chart. Maybe I a bit crazy but this is what I see on my chart. 410pips down from broken TL blue color.

All the best to you. May all of us gain more green pips.

Best regards.

p/s : Master Karmo please comment.

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
I'm still holding my short from 159.30 hope can reach TP5. My TP1 and TP2 already hit yesterday. As long tf4hr / daily price below ganhilo I'm bear bias, if trend go opposite way I already set my profit +sl. Anything can happen in forex.

Hope we all profit again today. Good luck.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
hi karmo thanks for your wonderful analysis all the best shadowplay

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Hello Karmo, I just open up a live account & its funded with only 9K. I have read in the past what you wrote regarding proper money management.

I know you where once like me, starting out for the first time in the forex market. I wanted to ask you... With a small account, ($9,000) such as mines, what would be the maximum amount of mini lots you would begin trading? What's your advice for me?

Also, how large the account should be, before I can start trading Standard lots?

I know I should only risk 2% of the account... But I really would like your Advice  regarding the maximum amount of lots.

Thanks in Advance.

Tony1

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
Hi Tony1,

I would advise you to trade 1 mini lot, if you win the trade with lets say 100 pips, then increase to 2 lots, if you win that too, then 4 mini lots, and if you win again then double it again and stay at 8 mini lots or you can increase to 1 standard lot, if you lose at any point, go back to 1 mini lot.

This way you risk little ($100) but if you get on a nice winning streak, you could get a nice reward.

Please do not start by risking 5%-10% or more because you will lose your account quickly if you lose just a couple of trades in a row.

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
Hi Karmo,

There you are. How are you bro?

What your opinion for this week GJ?

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
Hey newkidfx,

I'm good thanks, yourself?

GJ has bounced off weekly gann, 4h QQE n gann just turned bullish, so I think we could be heading up a bit and if daily crosses, then more bullishness to come..

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
I'm great Karmo thanks,

I'm targeting 61.8 at 156.80 not too sure for today PA. Today GJ hit my sl 2 times when I'm selling lol. But it's ok its part of the trading.

Hope we can see bear soon...again

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
Thanks Karmo, I appreciate the Advise, I only plan to risk 2% ...It's great to have a Seasoned Trader, who have already walked on this path, I am about to walk.  You stated $100 would be all I risk at one time.

Question:  If I am going for only 50 pips per trade Target at a time.. Would that be 2 mini lots at a time?  (since 50X2 = 100)   or would that still be 1 mini lot?

Thanks again for your assistance in this matter.

Tony1

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
Good day to  Mr Karmo & other traders

I am still new in here & in forex. I hope I will gain knowledge here.

Thanks in advance to all

Pasti

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
thanks for the strategy Karmo,I have stayed away from cable yen because of the high spread.I know the pair really moves but I am new and

still have a little fear.I just downloaded a demo from FXCH out of London and they have a 1 pip spread for all pairs and that includes gbp/jpy.from all the research I have done their spreads are the best.I don't know anything about them except they are ecn.I hope this can help you or anyone else.I am new to forex but not to the world.

Best regards Trader vick

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
Hello Trader Vick... in regards to FXCH, is good you have a demo account with them, but by all means DO NOT OPEN A LIVE ACCOUNT..  you can read about all the warnings from traders here..

http://www.forexpeacearmy.com/public...orex-swiss.com

Much success to you.

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
Is that a pin bar?

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
It looks like one to me on IBFX MT4 platform, weekly bar

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
Price has turned bullish, if price closes above daily gann hilo today then we shall see more bullishness this week

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
Nice to see you back Karmo   I've joined a group that is trading mainly GY and EY using renko bars .. just going for small pips at a time, but they accumulate.

I also watch the GY for longer term swing trades and I think a strong bullish run may begin soon.  So I am glad you are sharing your wisdom with us.

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
Hello there

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
Weekly QQE has turned bearish with Weekly candle closing below Gann.

Daily QQE and Gann are bearish as well.

Price is currently retracing, if price remains below 4h gann then I see a high possibility of going to 135..

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
GJ is currently in a bear flag

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
Price bouncing off the upper TL of the flag, gotta be patient

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
Hi Karmo being a long time.
A lot of study,
Pls, where are heading towards.
BEAR OR BULLING

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
LOL...

r u guys brothers? name almost the same

anyway...nice to u back karmo

happy eid day

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
nah lol

Happy Eid day to you too

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
Hi Karmo,

I have been using the Gann hi lo and QQE combo to trade for a while now. Basically once the price crosses Gan i take the trade at the close of that bar.(4 hr charts).

I would appreciate it if you explain how you incorporate the momentum in your system.

Thanks in advance.

Jad

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
I'm expecting it to break to the downside, I'm already short from 150.20 with sl set at +1, so I'm gonna wait and see

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
for a while, I thought its forming a continuation pattern.

I just got stopped on my short  for 12+

looking at the weekly chart it seems unable to Close above gann, so I'll be looking for another short.

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Still waiting for a nice breakout.. Im expecting the B/O to the downside but anything is possible.. either way I'm ready. Yesterday's short was stopped for +1

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
I missed the GJ Train again

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
Do you think we will get a nice Reversal to the upside, from 148.60 & then continue to move lower?

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
Lets see if it closes below 149.62  4HR chart

on the weekly its right at the upper trend line!

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
I'm in at 149.55

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
GJ needs to break 139.80 area to move lower, plus GJ is in a big triangle imo..

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
Agreed, my entry is set at 139.00

I wonder if its going to reach 120's like it did the same time last year!!

BTWY Eid Mobarak karmo.

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Thanks, Eid Mobarak to you too

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Since the fall from 148 to 139, GJ has done a 50% retracement. Plus GJ looks to be like in a big bear flag (1h/4h).. hmm it could have a try at 61.8% before resuming downwards.. best is to wait for the flag to break rather than jumping in early.

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
I think I'll long it for a little bet if 4hr closes above 1.44

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
Hey karmo, thanks for the charts, just curios how come you drawn the fib from 148  to 139? i have my fib from the top of the fall at about 153.

thank you.

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
It looks like that was the last swing high on the 1 and 4 hour, but I am not sure either why he picked that one.  It looks like she is breaking upward from the bear flag so if fib is drawn back to the 153 high, then she could reach the 61.8 retracement of that, which is also just above Weekly R1 level?

Just asking, I'm still a long way from taming the Beast

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Looks like gj  is falling to the same lows  of last year, and that the up trend that started this year is nothing but a retracement. but it has to break 139.00 first.

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
I miss Karmo  ... and his falcon.

I trade the GY on 15 min tf now, I watch H1, H4, & D1 for overall direction as per K's teachings about gann & qqe.  I think I may finally be learning to tame the Beast

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
I'm here but trading GJ has been a pain in the butt the past year.

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
I agree old friend, it has been indeed challenging trading this beast.  That's for sure, but I have not given up.

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
Karmo : Last Activity 2 hr 23 min ago  glad to see you still around bro  we miss your analysis to tame the beast

My target and still hoping GY could reach my TP at 142.xx 4hr gan area on Monday..

Happy weekend to you and your family

Best Regards : Newkidfx

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
Waiting to see which way the beast decides to go, the main trend remain bearish IMO

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
Waiting for a breakout of 130.60 or 129.00, until then I'll just watch this crazy price action.

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
hi karmo.. just stopping by to share my idea about this beast ..

i can see that lower TF 15mn, 30mn.. suggest that this beast is channeling up.. but too much volatility right now.. waiting is the best policy for those who have no entries yet...

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
my trade for today...

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
check out what? a demo account? LOL

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
I agree with you 100% Karmo.... Let see something other than a Demo Account.

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Price bounced off Daily 50ema as expected, currently price is below 4h gann but above daily gann, and wondering around the LT of the upward channel we have, we have to see what happens next week, if it breaks the LT and gets below daily gann then expect to see lower prices.

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
Price might retest the broken the channel and retrace 38.2% (133.04), plus weekly pivot is at 133.10 and bounce back down from there and continue..

Price is below 4h Gann, if price bounces back down then we could close below daily gann today and that would be very bearish for GJ.

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Hello Karmo can  you please told me what parameters you  are use in your “MA 100, MA200 and MA50 (moving average )” I’m mining  is it simple, exponential  or smoothed and are they  “close, low, high, open” or something else?

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
50 EMA close

200 EMA close

100 SMA close

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
Thank you Karmo

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
If GJ closes below daily gann hilo (131) and Daily QQE crosses down, then we will see GJ tank hard.

Let's see where GJ candle closes today.

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
He's back!!

I'm mostly trading cable now but I watch UJ and all 3 yen crosses .. if all are going in the same direction AND cable is too, then I will grab a ride on the beast .. and this strategy seems to be working fairly well with minimal pain.

So I wasn't using Gann/QQE so much as watching agreement in direction among the yen crosses.  Trades were few & far between.

However now that the Master is back, I look forward to learning from his  stellar analysis.

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
GJ needs to break the trendline, 131 level and a daily close below daily gann hilo for us to see a nice tanking

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
I'm in the same view as you, mate.

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Looks like that won't happen today.

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
If the trendline breaks, GJ shall tank.

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
Karmo gj closed above the daily gann yesterday.R u still bearish or considering to take any longs ?

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
If the trendline breaks, I'll go short

If 132.50 breaks to upside, then I'll go long

so let's see

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
i'am holding long from the lower trendline and targeting the 4hr 200 ema .Good luck bro.

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
Weekly pivot acted like a resistance for now. at list.

132.5 support near term ? than see what the channel does.

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
4h H&S

also break of uptrend channel would be bearish for GJ.

confirmation when price moving below 131 for a longer time short.

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
Still waiting...

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
been trading in and out of this complex head and shoulder, the second shoulder is forming, with the neckline @ 131.3  lets see how this plays out.

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
still H&S pattern on 4h.

firt support at 132.5

131. next. and then below.

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
Decision time is soon, up or down..

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
GJ shall continue upwards once that TL is broken

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
hard to trade GJ this days.

at list for me. maybe I'm to bearish.

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
yea it's been kinda hard since last week but hang in there buddy

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
Price still within the channel and wondering between the fibo levels... cmon GJ make up ur mind n lets go

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
Let's see if we can close the daily below 133 to gain some confidence

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
I've had a very patient long on GY for about 2 weeks now, just waiting in the weeds as sooner or later it should pay.  Stop is deep & position small but can always add once direction is confirmed.

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
yup. after this kind of action usually a huge moves comes. so patience will be key. but i still have a bearish bias until bulls take out 135.

so longer she stays in this ugly range. bigger the move coming

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
I decided to close the long on that last attempt up to 135 which failed.  The GU has been in no man's land forever .. and GY can't really do much without confirmation from GU.  Bias for GU next week is either up ... or down(!) Sentiment running about 50-50 on the GU thread.  Both GU and GY will probably do a fake move in one direction before a decisive move in the other .. but which will come first??  Below 132 I will buy again as I do not see this pair getting much below 129 before a massive up move.

I've been wrong before.

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
Dear Karmo

thank you for the information, I have been in the trade for long time here and I have bought many software and hardware.

not all of them are good..

my question is

are you full time trader or part time?

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
Part time

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
GJ is still stuck within these 2 trend lines on the daily chart.. it's been a long time wondering here.., we even had 2 fake breakouts

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
where do you think that time the retracement would be?

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
what is GJ stand for?

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
karmostaji Iam intrested on how you are doing this things,, can you show me where can I enter in this chart?

it was resting on the 38.2 level,, but where is the entery here

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
babypips.com

study hard n once you graduate, you may come back

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
you are the best Karmostaji

I'm trading GJ on 4h and 1h too.

I'm gonna post my live position here if you don't mind.

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
GJ = babypips.com ?

happy new year karmo.

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
:O oh my god.

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
It's been a while, hello

GJ is bouncing off that trendline and it has made a 50-61.8% fibo retracement, I'm expecting an upward movement but will wait for confirmation (to trade above 4h gann hilo & 4h 50ema)

http://img855.imageshack.us/img855/6924/55311382.gif

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
Well, hello, karmo!  Big fan of your posts, bud!

Looks like the beast broke completely, just about to the 100 retracement levels, since your last post.

I have my charts up looking like a fake to @ 124.08 level, then, back down as the daily and weekly still are bearing down.

Tough place to be now.  Wait it out for some confirmations....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Glad to see you still posting with the little people...

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
Continuing with the 1 hour G/Y chart.

Well, from previous post, it tried to get to 124.08 but was summarily rejected.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4UfAL9f74I

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Will possibly a slight bounce as H4 is NOW in accord with QQE and I don't usually have fuzzy feelings with H4 same as H1 and Daily.

See what it does in the next 8 to 10 hours...

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
Interesting on the 4H TF how QQE reflects the deflection at the 50 level.

Also, thought of note, the DELAYED reaction of this indicator.  Keeping all Indicators and TF in mind... Not just 1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
And there is the bounce I was looking for.  On the QQE, heading toward the 50 on the cross and blowing past my target.

I gotta wake up earlier!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
And the journey continues...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
GJ is trading above 4h gann and 4h 50ema, it is flirting with daily gann, if we can get a close above daily gann and 50ema and daily QQE crossing upwards, that would be a strong bullish sign, so stay patient and don't miss the opportunity

http://img191.imageshack.us/img191/5681/53206007.gif

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
Didn't get to Bull up, though the close above the 4 hour GANN and above the 50 occurred.  Not a fun ride.

Now, daily QQE and GANN still looks bearish...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looks like it'll go down again... in a few days...

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
And continue down to @ 121.0X and bounce.  Negative on the Wkly, Daily, 4 hour, though the 1 hour seems to be ready to bounce without much steam.  Possibly to 122.2x, meet resistance and down to 120.

We shall see what the beast does...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
That didn't work out well lol

Daily and 4h are bearish, gotta wait n see what she decides to do..

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
Price has been sitting on the LT of the channel, is it gonna bounce or break?

Plus we have a bullish harmonic pattern on 4h/daily chart

http://img20.imageshack.us/img20/1788/61598282.gif

http://img220.imageshack.us/img220/7171/gjharmonic.gif

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
GJ continues to make love with the lower TL of the channel, it's getting pretty boring...

http://img716.imageshack.us/img716/1267/56212570.gif

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
And now, after a boring late night, this morning the beast stirs from its slumber and rears its head skyward...

Sorry, been a bit without sleep...

G/Y H4 - Above GANN and crossed above QQE 50 and looking like it's holding steady... Daily still not crossed above the GANN.  Respecting the top of a downward channel from Daily/H4 chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good hunting!

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
Daily QQE crossed upwards and daily candle has closed above the gann hilo, but not above 50ema yet.

4H QQE has crossed back downwards and a candle has closed below 4h gann hilo, but still above 50ema.

I believe 4h is getting out of overbought area and the bullish move shall continue tomorrow, but it would be best to wait for confirmation before jumping in.

Price also retreated today to daily 5sma.

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
Weekly Pivot of 122.665 seems to be anchoring the price... @ the Daily 5 SMA.

Looking out for that Daily QQE 50 cross threshold for some Bullish fun.   Right on, Karmo!

Stand by mode on GBPJPY interday/week trade.

Spinning top had low volume, per my better Volume 1.4 indi.   May just touch the Daily Gann of @ 122.04X and continue back to a Bullish posture.  Need to continue to monitor that the H1/H4 QQE and GANN are still in the correct bullish positions if that happens. We had a similar situation happen a couple of times these last 2 months on the Daily chart that the price was below the GANN and 5 SMA then came back to a bullish posture.

I'm also looking for it to close above the 50 EMA, which is the orange line on my chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
If we get a close above 4h gann hilo and daily 50ema, I would target the daily 50% fibo first and 61.8% fibo next

http://img690.imageshack.us/img690/8626/67328031.gif

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
On the daily chart, price seems to be stuck in a triangle and bouncing  up n down. Price is above daily gann and daily QQE is crossed upwards.  The momentum is bullish IMO, but the 123.20 area has been tough  resistance, if that level is broken then we have 123.75, and then  another trendline at 124.75, there are several tough resistances but if  they are broken, I expect to see atleast 126.80 and even possibly 129

But, if the lower TL breaks then look down below.

http://img803.imageshack.us/img803/8388/dailygj.gif

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
My long-term view on GBP/JPY:

If 139 holds, then back to the top.

If 139 breaks, then 133.

Where do the big boys want it to go?


===== 附件下载链接 =====

FiboRetracement3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44332?d=1187539657
FiboRetracement3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44333?d=1187539657
ZUP_v67.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44759?d=1187724227
###Gann_HiLo_Activator_v2###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/93933?d=1205181598
###QQE_Alert_MTF_v5###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/93934?d=1205181598
###Momentum###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/93935?d=1205181611
###Gann_HiLo_Activator_v2###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/95467?d=1205614879
###QQE_Alert_MTF_v5###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/95468?d=1205614894
Fibos.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/131643?d=1216502788
Tiki Trader.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/137901?d=1218160103
###Gann_HiLo_Activator_v2###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/147330?d=1221151639
###QQE_Alert_MTF_v5###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/147331?d=1221151639
auslanco.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/147332?d=1221151686
TrailingStopEA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/163750?d=1225393825
Trailing_Stop_Manual[1].pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/163751?d=1225393825
###Auto Pivot.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/167901?d=1226329164
###Auto Pivot.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/167903?d=1226329215
Auslanco.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/188634?d=1231282469
All_QQE v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/225167?d=1238275973
Desktop.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/225331?d=1238325333
###Gann_HiLo_Activator_v2###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/225372?d=1238334749
QQEA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/225373?d=1238334749
Trend Map.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/254192?d=1243904183
QQEA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/254193?d=1243904183
###Gann_HiLo_Activator_v2###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/254194?d=1243904213
trend map.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/254195?d=1243904213
